still waiting for both the game and a reply to my email support request.
have not received mine either....
@dong-i believe the conan crossover was meant to be a scenario that will come with the conan nordheim expansion once released. it will allow you to use your blood rage figures (same scale) with the conan scenario.
my issue has been resolved. apparently the pledge manager was missing information that i know i provided the first time. at least it should be fixed now.
i am also still waiting to receive my game. my local games store has had it in stock for some time now; i was unexpectedly away for all of november and the first three weeks of december.
hey all! is there a conan crossover for blood rage? not sure if this is still in the works or not. thanks!
i still haven't received nothing. you've said that the package hase been shipped two times but at today i didn't received nothing. now you don't answer via support email. i want a refund.
http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/showthread.php…!!!
'sorastro's painting' channel on youtube has just posted a bloodrage painting tutorial
hi guys, the 'hili the even handed' expansion seems to be sold by tom vasel to subsidies his enterprise or by price gougers on the seconds/ebay market. is there any way the backers can get this miniature for a reasonable price? thanks.
@jakob: from cmon's website: https://www.coolminiornot.com/shop/about_us cmon inc. 1290 old alpharetta rd alpharetta ga 30005 we can be reached by phone at 404-975-0975 during normal office hours est 9am to 5pm.  we do ask that if you can, please place your orders online.  we'd love to hear from you too and you can use our contact form below or just email us at support@cmon.com
is there any way to contact cmon all my mails go without reply. have my game but the 5th player expansion didn't contain any cards(kinda useless to have the models and not the cards)
just a quick shout out for something cool. god's war just went live a few minutes ago. very cool miniatures and deep strategy game. :) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1816687860/the-gods-war…
@chris, i usually play with 3 and it works well. just remove the 4+ cards and destroy 2 provinces, did not see any problems. for bags, you can buy a box of sealable sandwich bags for a few dollars to use i lots of game. i like the dark elf but like any card you have to use a start that is appropriate for how the game evolves. getting a pillage in yggdrasil goes a long way, it like getting 3 provinces worth of stats and potential vp. you will finds games where there are few people left after an age as some go for the valhalla death on the destroyed province because of the vp you get, and it is often easier to get to the bgest location from the reserve
i received the game and played with some friends. the game was fun but some questions came up. firstly, is the game balanced for more than 3 players? since there are only 3 ages the 4th and 5th players never get to go first. could they be compensated somehow to make them more competitive? secondly, for a game with so many figures and tokens i'm surprised that there were no plastic bags included. would it be possible for future releases to come with bags for easier organization and storage? many of the miniatures have long, thin parts that i wouldn't want getting damaged from getting jostled in the box during transportation. thirdly, at the moment the dark elf monster seems terribly underwhelming, especially considering it's a second age monster. by the time you get it there are usually already units on the map so you can't really use it to sneak in a pillage on yggdrasil. it's nearly useless to move it out of yggdrasil so using it to back up a pillage elsewhere is counterproductive. maybe i'm missing something but i don't see any scenarios where it is particularly useful.
australia. still have not received this nor zomicide black plague.
hi, if i pledged $1 and haven't filled out the pledge manager yet, will the order be processed? i know about hefty shipping and that it will be shipped from us.
@will b, art book was in with the package, you should contact them-and soon as it was a kse there might not be many about by now!!
think i figured it out...
hey, thanks in advance for anyone answering this question.  i late pledged on another cmon project, paid in full paypal, and confirmed with their pledge manager, but the last page on that game's pledge manager has a yellow button at the bottom marked "unlock pledge". does anyone know if we are supposed to press this??  much appreciated.
still haven't received my copy, and i saw it on shops shelves today. is there a way to get in contact with the team?
what is the status of the art book? was it shipped in wave 1 and mine was missing, or is it yet to be sent out?
still waiting to receive my copy!!! all messages and email are not working!!!
kickstarter backer #: 9,908  previous request # 45210 merged request #45398 still waiting to get response on return of damaged goods or status of game.  thanks for your time. tim
received my game really cool figures, the lancers poor guys are all bended but nothing hot water and freezing water can fix, figures are great quality, and great detail, the only thing now that makes me happy and mad is painting the figures!!! now to prepare to play whit my pals!!!
@oscar, log into the pm at ckpm.coolminiornot.com and click on tor order, it's all there :)
how can i check what backer number am i? haven't recieve package in us.
backer #305. i still haven't received my game.
hello backers! we've noticed that some of you haven't received your games yet or have damaged components. we are truly sorry about that. :( we kindly ask you to contact support@cmon.com and tell us what's the issue. if you already did and we didn't reply to you yet, can you please post here your ticket or backer number so we can track it down? for those of you that already posted your backer number, we're checking the status of your request right away! thank you for your patience and support!
what is the new eric lang's game about? any clue someone? br2 with asymetric clans from the start :-) this time? or a sigmaryte faction in citow to fight chaos?
hi, still no box here...
hi,  how can i get my hands on the promo god, on the dice tower 2016 ks campaign?
hi, i've bee trying to get contact by mail with cmon, but not having any answer about my blood reage pledge, just got one of the two boxes i ordered pledge #64198‏
i am in the us and have not received the game. i am backer # 2179. i emailed support@cmon.com and received an auto reply but no actual answer.  it has been 9 days. please advise!
i finally received my copy but the box lid was ripped from top to bottom. i sent 2 emails to support@cmon.com with pictures to show the damage but still haven't gotten a response in over 2 weeks. is there anybody else to contact or any other way to go about receiving a replacement?
i have written to support@cmon.com without receiving an answer twice (!), my request number is #48006, my backer number 9,228. my package seems to be lost somewhere (the tracking id says delivered, i have no idea to whom). i am very disappointed, especially because i could buy the game on amazon for a third of the price i paid here on kickstarter (including shipping).
hello backers! first of all, we're sorry about the delay on getting back to you. we've noticed that many of you haven't received your games yet and we are truly sorry about that. :( have you tried writing to support@cmon.com yet? if you haven't, can you please do so we can try to help you? if you already did and we didn't reply to you yet, can you please post here your ticket or backer number so we can track it down? for those of you that already posted your backer number, we're checking the status of your request right away! thank you for your patience and support!
still waiting on the game; never even got the tracking number. emailed cmon last week, heard nothing back.  kind of disappointed, i didn't have any trouble with zombicide, but they seem to be slipping.
quoted $60 shipping to australia for a $75 pledge; are you kidding me?! that's quadruple the estimated price!
any news on the art book?
good to hear...now get it to the table!
so, they did finally get back to me, and i have now received my order. @ majbrown22 - yes, i realize that now.  when i commented, i wasn't considering the kickstarter exclusive stuff.  now that i have the package, i realize its way more than the retail version.  i was just frustrated at the lack of response. besides the lack of communication and slow shipping process, so far, i am very satisfied with the product.  it certainly is of high quality.
you are a class act flavio
@ russell - someone at my game group brought his retail blood rage to game night and, rest assured, it is far inferior to the one we got. the exclusives on this are worth way more than the $10 you could save on amazon.
you are not the only one russell..... i could have bought a copy in late december from my local game store..
just found blood rage on amazon for $10 cheaper than what i paid, including shipping.  i can't believe i let cmon hold onto my money since march and i still don't have the product, while stores are selling it for cheaper than a ks pledge.  so ridiculous.
backer #7,308 - i've now emailed cmon four times with no response.  paid for backing, paid for shipping, and they refuse to answer my emails as to when i should expect the game... will certainly never back a ks for cmon ever again.  wish i could just get a refund at this point, because my gamestore down the street has the game for about $5 more than i spent.  ridiculous.
still waiting for the game. received a tracking code 3 months ago but the package it's impossible to find and i'm still waiting from the beginning...
the broken token insert is up for pre-order and it looks great!
can i please have a "tracking" number ! backer number #5317 - just paid a lot more for postage and no replies on email !! just want to know if i'll get my game soon ?? would appreciate it thank you
got my copy a little while back and just wanted to say the miniatures are freakin amazing.
is not spam and this kickstart is over for months so why not post links? who appointed you ks police anyway
can't wait for the broken token insert to release, it looks fantastic. this game is such a pain to set up and take down, the insert will be a godsend.
garret, don't spam.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
bookmark ckpm.coolminiornot.com this is the pm used by all cmon projects, sign in with your email used during the campaign(s) and if you've forgotten your password request another and login. often you will see projects appear before you get the email about the pm, and also offers etc! if you have a green confirmation and a '0' in the postage at the bottom your good. cmon should really point this out but don't, i'm not defending them here, just trying to help! :)
i really have to say the pledge manager option on all the games is a big pain in the ass..... i find that the email gets lost and then the game doesnt get shipped out along with the rest. why cant you just use the survey from kickstarter.... other game companies use it and it works just fine. i had to go back thru my campaigns to find out why i never received the games i have ordered only to find out your stupid pledge manager was not updated ... not even a reminder notice upon arrival to use the pledge manager, customer service is a thing of the past.  @cmon ,,, come on at least do some cs work with your customers, since you know you have people who didnt get the items they paid for then at least reach out to them again...
extremely unhappy backer here (number 6,828). i backed this because of the advertised cheap shipping from germany to the uk here. filled in the pledge manager early, but never heard anything back. the planned september shipping date passed, and no delivery. kept waiting for an update, but it wasn't until another user on here said that the pledge manager had to be updated. sure enough, suddenly i had to pay extra postage. considerably more. how come? why didn't cmon send us an update about this?! i ended up paying for it, but i'm regretting it now, because today i got asked by customs to pay an additional £20! this whole charade has cost me tons of money, cmon have been utterly silent on this whole mess, and their support has been rubbish too. shame on you, cmon. so, since i paid you tons of money already, above and beyond what i had signed up for, how about you refund me the customs charge at least? oh, and of course i'm still waiting for my game. (though at least i should get that now i forked out the extra customs cash.) infuriating.
cool, the declared value was 1usd.. sure a large heavy package with game accessories, the customs officer will believe it.
cmon don't do reminders, they expect you to keep up with your pledge unfortunately! you can still pay up and receive it, but it will ship from the us and if you're not cont' us you will pay taxes and possibly customs too :/ contact support@cmon.com and give your backer number to id yourself-be advised the response time is not great at the moment!
i refrain from backing another coolminiornot games. looks like i failed to notice the pledge manager invitation or considered it to be unimportant. and i haven't seen any reminder to complete the preorder. it would have been no problem to send out reminders for all who haven't logged into the pledge manager. now the package comes from us to germany, probably with higher shipping costs (47usd) and tomorrow i have to drive to the customs office to fetch the package as it was probably not properly declared. and it will add another 19% customs duty.
i hear ya chris n - same boat !
ticket opened since 6 months and still waiting sight ...
what is happenning to a lot of us is terrible, and we don't even get a word of excuse... the same is happening to me (first campaign backer), everything whent by without a single alert, reminder or notification regarding the pledge status, delivery or any problem whatsoever. when i realised the game was showing up on everyone's  doorstep but mine, i sent cmon various emails and it took nearly a month to realize a shipping fee was missing. if trippling the shipping cost was not enough, another 2 months waiting whent by and the package is now held at customs for a value that amounts nearly to the value of the game itself. thank you cmon for your customer services and attention... disapointment is an understatement.
i just came to say what a great game! it has had great success in my game group! i hope everyone's issues get resolved quickly!
i have not yet received my copy of blood rage but i pledged during the kickstarter campaign. i'm pretty sure i filled out the pledge manager when it was given and was just wondering what is happening with my copy of blood rage.
hello @neil dabson and @claudia, how are you? can you please contact support@cmon.com so we can try to help you? what might have happened is that both of you might have missed the deadline for completing the pledge manager. sometimes, even one information missing is enough for this to happen. if that actually happened, then you are considered late confirms and you only get your pledges after everyone that confirmed in time got theirs. what also happens is that now your pledge ships from our usa hub, instead of the regional hub that was initially supposed to receive your package (if you had completed the pledge manager in time). that's why extra costs may be charged for shipping. also, vat taxes may also be charged from you if you are a late confirm. but, again, for us to check what happened, please, contact support@cmon.com and inform us your backer number. we will gladly help you to solve this! thank you for your support and patience!
so lets get this straight. i back your kick starter on 30th april 2015. i pay you $105 usd, and get an emailed invite to your "coolminiornot kickstarter pledge manager (ckpm)!" and fill in a questionnaire. i live in the uk an am happy with your estimated $20-30 postage from within the eu. i wait. i wait some more. other people are getting their games, but i am not. i come here and find a helpful post saying a new field has been added to the pledge manager that i will need to fill out. i do this. (thankyou helpful poster)  much to my surprise the postage cost of just under $60 is much higher than expected. sadly i resign myself to pay this as i'd like the game before xmas. xmas comes, xmas goes.... february arrives. and i get a not from uk customs saying that you have kindly sent my pledge for the usa and another £17.80 ($25.90) is due in taxes. how can this be right?  @cmon how can my pledge to you go from an upper estimate of $135 to at least $185? @cmon? i think the answer to this question is very clear. i am very sorry if the stating of these facts makes anyone else unhappy.
@cmon please help me. i bought this for my son, but i get nothing. i´m 10333 backer, from georgia.  please, help me with this. i have no mail from you since the moment i contribute to the ks. you don´t send me the manager pledge or a email or nothing.  what i need to do? someone knows what to do?
i missed the payment for shipping late last year and contacted them and they told me that shipping willl be us$57 instead of the us$16 which was offered originally (located in aus). i asked if there was anything they can do to lower shipping costs but they said no and they haven't replied since i agreed to pay the large amount only to find out they have shipped more copies less than a week ago and i still won't be able to get my copy any time soon...pretty disappointed.
anyone in nz got their game yet? or even their tracking number?
hi ! anyone in melbourne australia not get their game yet ? if so how much was postage please ??
just to make people who have blood rage and rum and bones aware there are open slots on a+b and a+b+c on the dicetower... in category b are promos for both games, which will, no doubt be crazy price on ebay. these are cmon promos, hence me mentioning them on a cmon thread. 4 hours left atm, so if you want one, look now, or forever hold your peace :o)
got everything yesterday and it all looks great. thanks so much!
got mine! looks great. thanks!
@cmon, can you check my ticket also please ? 37305 (backer number 5317 order number 67584 )
received mine today! thanks!
@cmon, can you check my ticket also please ? #30442
@coolmini: the last communication i sent was #42494 , and it says next to the number that the issue has been solved, but it hasn't. my most recent message was #43828, but it still hasn't been answered.
i received mine today.  been so long i forgot what i get!  have a total of 8 boxes... does that sound right?
hello @termite! can you please post here your ticket number so we can check the status of your request? thank you!
i see late backers are starting to reveive delivery notes. i've not yet gotten any tracking info etc. and i was just wondering if everything is ok with my order. i'd hate to have any delivery hick-ups at this point :o
just got my shipment notification. i should be getting the shipment on 1/28
i just received my tracking info today. so dreams do come true.
just got shipping notification that my pledge was finally shipped.  so hopefully all you others that have been waiting will be getting your notifications soon also.
still haven't gotten ours either. :-(
i hope they check the messages here. i was communicating via e-mail, but the communication stopped a few days ago and i've heard nothing back. still haven't gotten my game. it is very frustrating.
@curt - yeah they will probably sell it on coolstuff for $20-$25 if they follow the arcadia quest tomrick mini example from last year.. just be aware that if coolstuff gets them, they will probably sell out very fast because of ebay resellers.  there is also a very good chance it will be free with purchase at conventions the cmon attends. last year, you could get a tomrick at the cmon both for free with a purchase of $25 worth of product at their booth.  i was able to get tomrick that way at gen con last year. so there will probably be a couple of chances to get it outside of the secondary market.. however, don't give up on dice tower yet, i missed out on it and just today i was to get in because someone dropped their pledge.
@claudia, send an email to support@cmon.com and let them know :)
i've never linked another ks campaign somewhere but shieldwolf miniatures is running a ks for hips multipart warrior women (and orcs) that would fit pretty well with blood rage minis and other vikings in general. they've wrapped up their first ks deliceries in december (in line with their est. timeframe afaik, but i wasn't a backer). https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1273312680/war-is-coming-shieldmaidens-vs-orcs/description it's funded and on track to unlock the second plastic set as a sg giving you 40 (2 boxes) if you're a 100$ pledger for the maidens or up to eighty of them for free if you're @ 200. if/when the new orc kit unlocks after the warmaiden kit sw suggested that we'll get some of them as  freebies as well. if there's two boxes of those on offer the 100$ starter set choice will get over 80 free minis on top of the 94 plastic and resin minis it starts with. oh, and soon there'll be viking chicks riding giant icebears and stuff available.
hi, i´m from georgia - usa. i wonder what is the status of my shipment. i do not have any kind of information from you. my friends have it but i´not. i've waited long for this game and still nothing. tell me if there is any issue concerning my pledge. please give me an email to communicate with you. i want to know how much i need to wait. thanks
@curt cool stuff inc.
regarding hili (or other promos in the dice tower campaign): i'd like to get one, but that doesn't seem possible anymore. i've seen several people say it may be sold on csi after the campaign, but as a noob to this whole board game collecting thing, i don't know what that is. what is csi? where should i be watching?
hi, many of my friends have received their games. but me not yet. could you please tell me if there is any issue concerning my pledge (money, address, ...) thanks
@m m, agreed!! :)
this is one of the best games that my group has played. great game thanks
peter, it will probably be sold by csi later.
i notice that there's a blood rage promo (hili) offered in the dice tower kickstarter but they are all out of them.  is this promo available anywhere else?  can it be made available (fro a cost) to kickstarter backers who supported this game from the start?
this silence is not how you handle your backers/customers. could we get some explanation what has happened? when we maybe get our order or should we just ask our money back? this has been this far my worst kickstarter experience.
so i was supposed to be apart of phase 1, my pledge number is #69945, still no copy of the game or tracking number. all shipping fees have been paid.
i have yet to get my copy. i was told to email support which i did about a month ago and still nothing. at this point i won't even care about all the game shops having them, i just want what i paid for. just gimme my game please.
i've yet to see any reply to my messages either on the status of my order.  see them in game shops everywhere so wondering why i kickstarted when i could have had it retail weeks ago.  please respond to backer messages!
i emailed them thats what i got on the 5th.
(coolminiornot) jan 5, 10:59 hello, we are expecting our shipment to come in this week, pending any unforeseeable delays. once your pledge ships you will have access to a tracking number. thank you for your support cmon inc 1290 old alpharetta rd alpharetta, ga 30005
what is this dice tower that you speak of?
i never received a survey or any kind of ship notification.  i completely forgot all about this!
i am in the same boat as jd smith.  us backer, no sign of my package anywhere...
hey, i am in the us, and have yet to receive an email, or tracking on blood rage. the last email i can find on it seems to have been the #47 update, and radio silence since then. the backer survey was completed, i was just wondering if anyone else was having this issue?
the card is  hili - the even-handed invading hili's province with any figure, by any means, costs exactly 1 rage (regardless of any other cost modifications)
it will almost certainly be on sale at csi the same way leftover tomrick figures were last year.
yesterday, i got no less than three shipping notifications... all of them showing a package being delivered a month ago. i got the game two months ago or more...
well i understand that promo figures are "exclusive" which means they are not freely available. nevertheless it is something that should be available to backers of the game in the first place.
doubt we'll see a definitive answer re: the dice tower promo figure. if cmon say it isn't exclusive it will hurt tom, if they say otherwise it may incite anger in backers who must "donate" $110 to get a single blood rage mini.
i am on my third ticket/person "looking into" my issue. i have sent copies of payment receipts, transaction id numbers, dates of payments, screen shots of completed payments. at the start of november i was getting responses requesting all this information. two tickets have been closed and marked as solved (via zen desk), even though there was no resolution. one is still open will all attachments sent again to a third person but since sending this info i have stopped getting replies. backer number :5317 order number: 67584 ticket id: 36681, 38652, 37305 hopefully this will be sorted really soon.
haven't recieved email on tracking. checked the pledgemanager again and it is now telling me i owe $30+ in shipping which was part of the amount already paid. and if the old pleadgemanagement action i did long ago wasn't registered why wasn't i notified?  please, some idea whats going on? and i don't seem to be the only one.
i have sent multiple emails only received a response to the first one. i was very excited for this game and anxious to play it. seeing on ebay and other web sites is frustrating when i have been trying to get an answer where mine i s and have gotten almost nowhere!
ticket #38418 backer 6203
i know you all love games and miniatures, but do you also like goblins and superheroes?? then check out this awesome kickstarter!! let's get the gob'z rolling for this game as well and unlock some of those cool stretch goals!! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/antonioooh/gobzheroes-the-game
would be nice to know about that dice tower promo figure....
@michael lacasse: hello michael, how are you? we're not sure what is your problem, but can you please write to support@cmon.com so we can help you with that? if you already did that, please post here the ticket number so we can try to find out what happened. thank you!
i also would like to know, is that dicetower exclusive?
anyone know anything about the promo fig in the new dice tower ks?
i have emailed got a claim # was unable to bring up the page from the link. emailed again 2 weeks ago no response!!! highly angry and frustrated!! is there a telephone #for cmon support my next step is contacting kickstarter. backer 6203
i haven't received  my copy either. people have gotten in multiple games? when did this ship????
hello everyone! for those of you that haven't received your parcels yet, can you please contact support@cmon.com so we can help you with that? thank you!
still haven't received mine, and now i see them in stores (e.g. fantasy flight game center). last email update i received was #47 which was in october, said you were shipping. i have received no tracking number. rsvp, thanks!
just wanted to say - thanks for this game.  it's one of my groups new favorites. for the first 3 games, the wolf clan (played by me) won through different strategies (man did they hate that i won by losing by playing loki's cards) but i was finally dethroned by the bear clan.  so much fun - we're looking forward to playing more (hopefully with our sos) for new years. so thanks again - it's awesome!
i haven't received any of my rewards either. i'm in canada, and my friend has received his stuff but mine is nowhere to be found. i just emailed cmon about this. i hope that this gets figured out soon. happy holidays everyone :-)
@cmon, thank you christopher carlisle ;)
finished painting my first blood rage mini, the sea serpent, a couple of days ago http://miniatyrmannen.blogspot.se/2015/12/sea-serpent-from-blood-rage-boardgame.html a bit on paints used etc if anyone is interested. more on the painting-table now.  great miniatures.
@stephen l, have you checked the pm (ckpm.coolminiornot.com) to make sure you paid/completed everything-if so, using the pledge number from there contact support@cmon.com and ask for help, hope this is of use? :)
@flavio, i'm not spamming?
i still have not received my email or package!  what is going on?!
agreave, stop spamming.
fantasy wrestling on ks now.......rumbleslam by ttcombat. http://rumbleslam.com
@christopher h, no probs, glad you got sorted :) i find its a good idea to 'save' your ckpm page after login so if you back any more cmon stuff it shows up automatically-often before the pm invites go out ;)
@agreave, i never did get info about a pledge manager.  i actually just got contacted by them!  the cs rep sent me the link to the pledge manager so i just completed it now.  thanks for the info.  glad i got this taken care of.  i was contacting them through the message feature in the "view pledge" and "messages" link.  i read below to send an email to their support email which i did.  i'm wondering if that "message" link doesn't go to the same email.  long story short, i finally go the pledge manager portion completed.  thanks!
@christopher h, did you do the pledge manager (ckpm.coolminiornot.com) or just the ks survey? as you need to include your 'pledge' number (not your backer number) to help locate your order. as i've contacted cmon many times and always had a reply within days via the support team! :)
i too haven't received my game.  i filled out a survey back in march and have had not received any info from them since then.  i have had no response when i have inquired about the status of my order.  not very good customer service whatsoever.  i've contacted them three times over the last several weeks and have not heard a peep.
just had a look-wow that really sucks big time €150=£109 so actually a good deal as there is no delay, and all the "not for sale" ks exclusives! i feel a bit scammed right now:(
they are really selling all ksexclusive ones at this spanish site -for quite some additional money: http://www.edgeent.com/juegos/articulo/blood_rage/blood_rage_edicion_ragnaroek http://www.edgeent.com/juegos/articulo/blood_rage/pack_de_expansiones_valhalla (at latter one 5th player ksextra is included) so for a spanish game version the "only" ksexclusive are the plastic tokens.
i haven't received the game, so i wrote to the company a few days ago when i was surprised to see others playing the game. as far as i know i filled out everything. i haven't heard back from them yet, though. looks like i'm not the only one who is confused or frustrated.
its a european game publisher that is in charge of the spanish printing of blood rage (i think).  http://www.edgeent.com/juegos/coleccion/blood_rage
sorry, but who/what is 'edge' please?
@lampurde: not to mention that they are currently selling that they are currently selling the base game as a bundle with all the ks exclusive items included.  i'm guessing "exclusive" meant that ks backers would have it first;  except for all the backers who had pledge manager issues and won't be getting their games in jan, long after its available in retail.
dear @coolminiornot, can you explain why some of the ks exclusive extras (the 5th player ones) are announced to be sold in retail packs by edge during 1st quarter 2016?  (a bit surprised and just wondering what "ks exclusive" means, actually)
as i stated a week ago.  never again.
it's at walmart now for $57, cancel your kickstarter orders and go buy a copy.
aaaand i failed to notice that ks switched me to blood rage when i signed in to comment, oops.  that last one was meant for black plague.
recieved mine about 15 mins ago in the uk, thank you santa cmon (and dpd).  no tracking but that wasn't a surprise.  i will open it after i pick my kids up from school.  i can see dungeon saga going unplayed again still now this is here.
a while ago the packing slip was removed from my pledge manager. i believe this was the case for all the late-late backers? has anyone had a new slip generated afterwards?
same experience here. backed it so long ago. never told i had to complete the shipping further. no going to get this in jan or so they say. it's in the stores. it's total bs. will never do anything with cmon again.
i'm so disappointed on cmon! if i hadn't backed this project i could have bought it in a shop and played it a couple of weeks ago for alot less money... now i have to wait for it to be shipped in january! meanwhile cmon have started and completed 4(!!!) other kickstarter projects!
@andrew:  agreed.  it would have been nice of cmon to have generated a report on the pledge manager database and emailed out a notice to those that hadn't been completed.  as it was i had checked my pledge when ever they posted a reminder, but didn't realize that it had not been finalized. the step by step instructions should have been part of one of the pledge manager updates and not in the update comments.  i usually read the updates via email and don't often look in the update comments, so i missed them and the notice that people had reported issues with the pledge manager.
this was the reply i got, "it looks like you never had a chance to complete your pledge manager."  i don't even know how that's possible.  i'm was a backer, but not a complete backer.  why am i hearing about this now when i contact you and not months ago?
game mocks me in my local game store every time i walk in there, but my copy is nowhere to be found
i haven written, repeatedly and it doesn't seem to get me anywhere, just platitudes :(
hello everyone! for those of you that haven't received your copies yet, can you please write to support@cmon.com so we can help you with that? thank you!
have you tried support@cmon.com ?
have you tried support@cmon.com ?
i haven't received my shipping email or game yet !!!!!!!!!!where is it??? us backer.
my package was not delivered and tracking information shows that it was sent back to your warehouse. i cannot find a good contact number or email for this problem.
silverleaf games, llc: so it seems, that at least 210 backers jumped out of the campaign.
hey everyone--if there is anyone here that is interesting in selling their 5th player expansion from the kickstarter campaign, message me, i'd love to pick it up. i thought i added it during the pledge manager, but sadly did not. my group loves the game, and i know we'd get great use out of that expansion. thanks in advance!
i haven't received my copy yet, us backer. i completed the survey in march and it says i'm backer 10210.  how can that be when there are less than 10k backers?  i just emailed support to check status and wassup with delivery and the auto response said there were over 30k emails sent to support sheesh.
of course you are not a late backer. late backers can't post here.
oh, and not a late backer.
found it game store. haven't received it from the kickstarter. seems i'm not alone in this.
so i've never gotten a shipment email and when i look at my pledge it's says it's been delivered and i've clearly never gotten my game. it also has the incorrect reward for my pledge, wtf is going on?!!
erase last comment..  haha
at least be happy you've received a game - still fucking waiting in u.s. ....../......./....../....../...../.
sent email and private message. u.s. backer still waiting. i noticed it's available on amazon though. :( not impressed.
@andy: did you miss the pledge manager?
i was led to believe this would ship from the eu therefore incurring no import duty i've just had to pay £20 in customs duty for this being shipped from the usa to the uk not exactly happy at this at all
o.0 so the postage costs at much as the damn game. should have waited until it came out naturally and done it that way. would have saved a fortune.
@havoc, okay, you need to email support@cmon.com and quote your pledge number then explain your predicament! hope this helps :)
@agreave, yes, i did complete shipping some time ago.  my order is 'confirmed' and green.  i see no blue pdf under my shipping details.
@havoc, did you complete shipping? there will be a blue 'pdf' under shipping details and a 'green' confirmed under your backer number if you did-hope this is of use?
i'm not a late backer and have yet to receive any shipping info on my copy.  when i login to the pledge manager it says "shipment phase 1 september 2015".  any help would be great.
did anyone else's mystic box come without the rule leaflet?
hi cmon, i come in peace! :) as it happens to be the case that us late-late backers are getting the game next year very close to zombicide black plague (this is my understanding) so would it be possible to ship blood rage to europe in the same carriers than zombicide so us europeans would  get the game shipped from eu hub without the hassle of import taxes and the prolonged shipping duration from the usa. you have my permission to still take all the extra shipping costs that i have already paid, so a win-win situation! i believe a lot of us europeans would love to see this happening if my estimate is right that both of these mentioned games are shipping nearly at the same time. hope for the best, fear for the worst, but i'm still backing your arcadia quest! :)
@jeff i would too
@jeff fike, i'll take your copy of blood rage if you are seriously selling it.
so, kion, what you are saying is they took your money for the product, made the product for you and then sold your product to someone else simply because you didn't pay for shipping. and once you paid for your shipping, they said "sorry" we have no copies for you so you just have to wait. how warm and fuzzy that must make you feel. never again.
i am selling my blood rage game unopened, in original box and sealed for $1.  cmon has left a distasteful experience for me and i want nothing to do with them and their product. never again.
for those who have paid their shipping costs late and having troubles hearing from cmon supporn, here's what i got from them today: > i apologize for the inconvenience but this will ship once we have received the final product from china in january. we will email you the tracking as soon as it ships. so, it's rather a sad news for all those considered "late-late" backers (even though we - those who had issues paying shipment cost in time - do not in fact belong to that category, at least based on what cmon posted on their blood rage facebook page here: https://www.facebook.com/bloodragegame/posts/901982443211794): we will get our copies of the game *next year* only (hopefully in february, but taking into account how badly cmon managed logistics so far - it might very well be spring 2016).
damn autocorrect. at my flgs, not fog.
i'm getting quite pissed. this game has been at my fogs for one month and i have yet to receive it.
i've been waiting for two missing serpent mystics since september 30th, when i first emailed them. twice they have said they would send them when shipping was complete and yet i'm seeing here that people who received their game after me have got replacements already. i'm happy for them but somewhat annoyed that i'm having to wait for so long considering when i contacted them.
well after not realising i had not paid delivery , then having to wait for it to ship to the u.s. then back to england and to get charged customs i finally have blood rage and it's awesome. just some advice for new people on kickstarter.... make sure you pay your shipping on time and do it properly. time to give it ago now
paid for shipping during the kickstarter so i know i'm good with payments.  still waiting for email/game; (mid u.s.); and sadly i can buy the game everywhere around me right now! . . .
so here's the thing...  i back (or buy) games entirely on the project/product's presentation, how it appeals to me visually and thematically, and obviously based on what kind of game it is.  but i do not ever playtest print-&-play rules, i don't watch videos of others playing, etc...  for me, i find that playing or observing the play of unfinished products often has negative impacts on my feelings for the final product.  because of this, yes, i do get the occasional flop or crap game, but i feel it balances out that because i trust my taste in what i know i like - more often than not, my instincts do well by me. ergo, i backed blood rage on the presentation and the promise of the game. ...sweet valkyries of valhalla!  was my gut ever right on this one. i've had multiple games of blood rage since it arrived, each new game i've introduced just a few more of the multitudes of extras and expansions i got with it (pledged for the whole ball o' wax), and every game is better than the last.  no regrets, plenty of love, and high hopes for future additions to this game.
so there is an issue with my copy in that some cards have different shaded backs which makes it easier to tell who's got which card. response from cmon is that this issue is not an issue as you could easily spend more money in sleeves to fix their crappy quality control. or you could just shield your cards with your hands... you know where you can also shield your crap game with? it is a place where the sun don't shine. my god what a bunch of arrogant wankers on their high horses.
finally received my copy today - got an email on monday with the shipping details over a month of emails with no reply then out of the blue the notification email...
must say my experience of cmon customer service has been all good for this campaign. i got my copy of blood rage on the 15th october, opened it saw i was missing a mini (obviously a factory error as it was still in shrink wrap, always have to expect the odd factory error when anything is mass produced) emailed support@cmon.com the same day saying want was missing and asking if it was possible to get a replacement. also putting in a address to sent it to if it was possible. got a reply on 21st october saying they would sort it out. got another email on 8th of november saying it had been sent. got the package today in new zealand on the 19th november. so all in all considering how busy they must be with all the kickstarters they have in various stages of production and not knowing how many staff they have. the way they fixed an error that was out of there control to begin with i was well pleased with cmon service.
best way to contact cmon is support@cmon.com
and where do i go to check pledge manager.  pretty sure i submitted and paid for everything
i have not received mine yet either and not sure why, i sent a message through ks without a response.
nvm
i have not received mine yet - the error was mine, but i've sent 2 messages through ks and haven't received a response.  is there a better way to contact cmon to determine what i need to do next (if anything).  any help is appreciated
took blood rate to my local games club last night. 4 players, all newbies, had a fantastic time. lots of battles, death and monsters, and in the end only 25 glory separated all the players. 1at age very tentative as we all got to grips with mechanics and tactics, but by the start of age 3, lots of very tactical thinking, made for a very enjoyable, exciting game, right up to the end.
delays are not unsurprising. it's the lack of communication that was annoying. then, to be told it was my fault that my game will be months late? because i didn't know to check facebook? ridiculous. is it the end of the world? no, but if you're going to ask for money for a project on kickstarter, at least try to conduct it in a professional manner.
comment i received in talking with them is "oh well you replied on the confirmation late". "well that was because i found out i had to through the comments on kickstarter. i received no email" "well we send out emails and posts through facebook all the time" really?? gmafb....some of us have lives and dont live on flippen facebook!!> i have over ^) emails from kickstarter update not one listing a confirmation instruction. she asked is there anything i can do to help. i replied get me what i paid for months ago to help fund your game
why am i hearing when i will receive the game from william?  i am not on facebook.  i didn't buy the game on facebook.  all they had to do was update us here.  i am not the only one, others have emailed them.  it is silly to think they can't post something here in over a month.
wow, lol.....debacle? overstating a little i think. late late backers are gettng games in january if that's the debacle you are referring to. you are going to get your copy , they have mentioned this on their facebook page. i only think this is laughable because of the real debacles that have happened here on kickstarter - im so sick of the fake outrage people have over everything .  did you email their support link before being disgusted? support@cmon.
are they too chicken sh!t to come on here and update us on that?  what a debacle.
i emailed support@cmon.com and i just received an answer from them. seems that the ones that paid for shipping late (at at least me) are getting their orders in january once they get the product from china.
is cmon's lack of any freakin reply at all during this debacle defendable by anyone?!? seriously, this seems like we are all out our $$$ if we haven't received anything yet.  going from concerned to disgusted.
i believe i've done everything with pledge, payment, and shipping, but so far there has been no confirmation that my order has shipped. where is my order? i'm in the u.s.
@ abba elfman  when resolving effects during a battle the order of resolution is cancel effects happen first, then discard effects then all other effects take place. i think you should still count the mountain giant's strength when in battle with the wolfman. even though he is counted as a leade,r that is only his effect. he is technically also still a monster and there is nothing in the rules that say he can't be considered as both a monster and a leader ( he'd be a monster leader).  hope this helps answer your questions. p.s. you might want to watch rodney from how its played. he does an excellent episode on how to play blood rage that's really good .that's where i got the answer about card effect order for your first question. happy gaming and for the glory!
so another rules question, for all you helpful people out there. battle cards. i don't remember their names and don't have the exact text. one player plays card that says discard all revealed cards before comparing strength and play new cards (but it does not say that the text is cancelled) other player plays card that says all figures are destroyed except one chosen by each player. the way we played it was that both cards take effect.  all the figures were destroyed (except for one from each player) but new cards had to be played. also, one of the figures chosen to be destroyed was a mystic, but the player had the played the upgrade that allowed him to retreat to an adjacent outer province rather than being destroyed (in effect allowing the player to save two figures, although the mystic had to retreat) last question the mountain giant is a monster but his upgrade card says he is considered a leader.  is his strength counted in a battle with the wolfman?  "in a battle with the wolfman only str of monsters are counted" any thoughts?
not spamming,  just sharing info on a few of my favorite game projects for other gamers that might be interested.
ruinaes, dont spam...
just fyi to players out there,  cthulhu wars is nearly in its last 24h. it can get expensive but it's a premium game. i missed the first campaign and didn't want to miss this one.  thought i'd put out a reminder for others. :) check it out
david, i am on the same situation.
i believe i've done everything with pledge, payment, and shipping, but so far there has been no confirmation that my order has shipped.
@michael a, log back in to the pm and click on your order, it will show if your done for this-and r&b :)
thanks 'flavio' your help putting the email on here was very helpful !
uk buyer here still waiting.  how do i check if i paid postage?  i'm so mixed up between this and rum & bones that i don't know if i've paid or not!
yes i missed to pay for shipping. im from hong kong and the estimated shipping was $10. now it is $56??? i expected it to be a little bit higher but im not paying $56 shipping!
rodney from watch it played has an excellent tutorial on the rules for this up now.
support@cmon.com
yeah the email would be good i haven't gotten a response yet either this is crazy
can someone give me the contact email for cmon customer service? their response time is simply unacceptable. i've been waiting forever for my package and emailed them several times with no response at all.
filled all the forms out still nothing.....
to anyone who has not received their copy yet, did you fill out the pledge manager, pay shipping, and confirm your delivery address? i'd definitely check that first.  most anyone i know who was a "late backer" post campaign has already received their copies of the game.
...and yet just a simple acknowledgment by cmon could quell this quickly.  they clearly need to fire their marketing / communication mgr.
after checking around i saw the 2nd survey comn sent out awhile ago for confirmation of shipping. to anyone that hasn't gotten a response i would make sure just to double check that this was done. it was in a rather unassuming email and was not very well presented. i missed it entirely and only now recently found it. there is no other communications for this it seems and feels like a overall poor communication for something so important. so just an fyi to anyone else who may have missed this.
us backer here in florida. mine made it in yesterday, i was one of the people who paid the shipping fees late. so if you are one of those i guess a batch is going out now.
hrm, guess i am in the same boat as many people. us backer and have not seen or heard anything since the last update from oct. if anyone finds an answer please post. be nice to get an update to the shipping status.
found this customer service phony number on an old update, gonna try calling it today. 404-975-0975. im trying to be patient. it's not that i don't have the game that's bugging me, it's being ignored.
uk based, i got an answer last week stating that i hadn't paid shipping properly.  probably my bad, but i thought i had.  can't be bothered getting it now, so asked for a refund, now they've gone quiet. cmon customer service is either stretched beyond breaking point or they just don't care.  either way, not great
seriously i've heard nothing.. getting  very annoyed.  i've emailed them en at least twice,  nothing
how can i contact cmon customer service - a method that someone will answer me? i've tried to contact once on nov 5th and again on the 9th, no one has responded. i'm an original backer and haven't received my rewards yet.
finally got my package last night. worth the wait! cmon, please keep your backers informed so they stop worrying and can focus on getting excited for your game!
@ juraj p. this happened to us as well and could not find any clear rules on what to do. what we decided to do was go clockwise starting with the one who pillaged and going around the table. it just seems to be the closest thing to do just like each person joining the battle. but i would like to know for sure it thats what we should be doing.
@yardswimmer and steven: thank you guys for your comments, i will give it a try  to play it your way and hope there will be some official answer. there is one more thing i cannot find it the rulebook. in which order are the figures of losing players removed?  we met the following situation: there are two mystics of different clans, both with frigga's chosen upgrade, both about to be destroyed after the lost battle. however there is only one free village in the neighbouring outer provinces. how to decide, which mystic can move there?
why can't we get an answer on our order status?
not shipped in us like update says, it would be nice to have a new update
@abba maybe a way to get an official answer is post something on bgg. not sure
@juraj i have to agree with steven and spencer on this rule. again i'm not an official voice from the company on this but that's how the wording to me seems. the "else" part does seem odd but i don't think it was intended to change the interpretation from this.
@abba elfman  i agree it would be nice to get definitive answer from the creator or cmon. but my post earlier was just to show how its written in the rulebook. unless they worded it wrong or something in the rulebook i'll be playing the way it's written until an official ruling says otherwise. i just think its more fun to keep moving figures in when no one else wants to. and when played this way it keeps players from shying away from battle to often. if the don't want to join the call to battle that's fine by me, i'll just keep filling up the province with as many guys as i can until someone has the guts to join the battle and try to stop me. vikings are suppose to love the glory of combat, they don't usually shy away from battle.  but play it however you want to as long as you have fun. happy gaming and for the glory!
regarding the pillaging question it would be nice to get a definitive answer from the creator or cmon.  i can see it being both ways. i think the way it makes the most sense for me is that the pillaging player begins each round.   his declaration to pillage is the first move in the initial round.  if no one else answers the call, he pillages with no battle.  if anyone else moves a piece in, then there is a second round, with the pillaging player having the first move, again even if he moves in a piece, if no one else moves into the province, then the call to glory phase ends and the battle begins.  this makes the most sense to me.
nothing here too...
today in italy i can buy br in stores. when will i receive my stuff? i will remember for the next cmon ks....
please let us know when us shipping will be completed.  i still have not received my copy....
@ simon carter thanks, yeah i guess its true it won't happen very often and also yes there have been a few combos that happen like this. which isn't a bad thing and makes every experience different.
i would say that's correct retreat after losing and steal a rage. again it seems gamey but it's a combo of cards and with drafting it will not happen a lot. there are a few of these combos that occur in the game. i think finding these is part of the game. as their random turn up does not lead to a killer strategy that can be used all the time.
is there someone to contact if i still don't have my stuff in the u.s.?
i have a question about a mystic upgrade. there is an upgrade which says you may retreat to an adjacent province instead of being destroyed. which is clearly after battle cards have been revealed. i am wondering if this means that i still lost the battle and keep my battle card? i am only wondering this because i had a battle card that i kept using that said if you lose steal on rage from the winner. it just felt like i could keep retreating and stealing rage almost every battle. let me know your thoughts as it just felt wrong for some reason.
@steven e.  @juraj p this is also how i have interpreted the pillaging rules as well.
@juaj p  my previous comment is not an official ruling or anything but just how after reading the rules i interpit  how its played. yardswimmer, feel free to chime in if you want as i know this was how you thought it should be played as well.
@juraj p the rule does not say if at least one other player joins the battle you may join too if your the pillaging player. what it states is that the other players have a chance to join the battle. starting with the player to the pillaging players left  and going around the table in clockwise order, each player( including the pillaging player) may, if they wish  move one of there figures from an adjacent province into an empty village in the province that is being pillaged. moving a figure in this way doe not cost rage and even players with 0 rage can do it because it's not a regular action.(note that ships can not be moved). once all villages in that province are occupied or no one else wishes to join in the battle begins. no one else joining in also includes the pillaging player because the rule states that he is also allowed to add a figure to the pillaged province if there any empty village space left. if everyone except 1 player passes, then the player to that persons left gets another chance to either bring in another figure space permitting or pass to the next player. once everyone (including the pillaging player) passes around the table in order, then the battle begins if there are any enemy figures in the pillaged province or supporting fjord. if there are no other figures but the pillaging player's in the province being pillaged or it's supporting fjord,  no battle takes place and you automatically pillage the province, gaining it's reward, but you receive no glory as no battle actually took place). hope this answers your question. for the glory!
just to comment i got my full pledge at mexico. miniatures look amazing and the quality is comparable to any other production made by cmon.
@yardswimmer - i would be very grateful if you could check it (http://cmon.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/br-rulebook-preview.pdf p. 17). the sentence: "starting with the player to your left and going around in clockwise order, each player (including you) may, if they wish, move one of their figures from an adjacent province into an empty village in the province you are pillaging," implies what you say. but the last sentense in that paragraph states another condition, that might negate it. at least i understand it so. the word "else" is the only this that confuses me and i can't find anything else relevant. :-) thank you very much for you help. i missed the discussion here before and really appreciate the help of some native-speaking rules-lawyers. :-)
@juraj i don't have the rule book in front of me but i believe that is further down in another paragraph describing when the battle will take place. i think it is supposed to be when all villages are filled or when everyone including you passes in one round
@steven haha yea that's a good way to think of it @abba no problem. you are welcome
@yardswimmer + @steven: i'm still not convinced about your interpretation, but i am no native speaker and surely may be wrong. what makes me doubt is the word "else" in the following sentence: "once all villages in that province are occupied, or when no one else wishes to join in, the battle begins." i understand this, that any player (including you), can hear the call and join the battle, if at least one other player joins, too. if you declare pillage and call to battle, all players may join in. if at least one other player joins in, the round goes on until no one else (i.e. no one except of the player, who placed their figure last and is on their turn now) moves a figure, the battle starts and noone else can join in. in other words, everyone can move their figures in, but they cannot do that twice in a row. otherwise, i cannot understand, why would they write the word else there. it would be perfectly clear without it.
i haven't received my order yet, but the last post said that us shipping would be completed in october. is there anyway to check on tracking numbers? i never received mine.
@yardswimmer + @steven  thanks for the clarity.  i'm excited to play again with this new understanding of the rules.  (although so far have only gotten to play two player version).  i can see the extra strategy this brings into the decision making.  thanks again.
any idea when these will be shipped to the us? i've heard of people in the us already receiving theirs, but i've had no mention of anything in my email. i've sent two messages to cmon and to kickstarter with no responses. i'd love to play the game that i backed 8 months, or heck, even a response would be nice.
we keep bringing this game to the table and having a great time!  a few of the add on monsters have been threatened with being melted down and their card set ablaze but otherwise so much fun!
@yardswimmer  thanks for the compliment. i like to think that every time the other players pass at moving a figure in to the pillaged province, and the pillaging player moves another figure in , it's kind of like a viking bitch slap to their faces! like the pillaging player is drawning a line in the sand and daring them to cross over it to stop him from pillaging! lol!
@abba also remember while the player may get to move in an extra unit while no one else did the other players does get a chance each time to put one in as it goes round each time and every player gets a chance to put one in each time regardless of what they did before. so there can be a strategy there to sucker someone into moving a lot of there's in and then you go in at the last second to counter act with something like a loki card.
@steven sorry meant to also add that's a good job on the level of detail there.
@steven yea i went over that but not in that great of detail earlier on.
@abba awesome! i get your point of it being a free move for the persons units if no one else does but remember there are restrictions on this. only units in neighboring provinces can move to this one and only up to the number of villages so while it does seem pretty powerful i think those restrictions helps bring that in check some.
@jeff you're right there isn't much in the way of info for us folks. i received tracking yesterday for a package sent on thursday which is expected to deliver tomorrow. i live in la.
has their been any indication of what shipping status is for those of us who pledged during the campaign, but completed their pledge manager after the cutoff? are those people in the same boat of having a potentially super-late delivery? i can't seem to find any / much info on that.
did this go out by snail mail
@flavio, i really hope they're lying because i will ask for refund if i have to wait so long. thanks
just got blood rage today in south africa, will be honest cmon shipping the game through usps for me was a massive pain in the head. took over 3 weeks but it finally is here. really happy with what i got though everything is super awesome apart from the player boards feeling to flimsy. also would of been nice of them to include some plastic sleeves just for the tokens. otherwise really happy with the end product. already played a friends retail copy and the game is just excellent. :)
@yardswimmer  i also made a post about this in the comments section and thought i may have misunderstood the rules. but after you posted in the comments section, i went back and reread the rules very carefully, and i'm inclined to agree with yardswimmer. remember the rule states that after a pillage is declared, then a call to battle takes place. starting from the pillaging players left and going clockwise around the table, players can join the battle (including the pillaging player) by moving one figure into any empty village space of the pillaged province  or they can pass and move no figures in. this continues until everyone( including the pillaging player) has passed. even if you passed previously and not everyone else did and the call to battle comes back around to you, you can elect to move a figure in if you want to at that time. the call to battle only ends when all players (including the pillaging player) have passed on moving figures in to the pillaged province in order around the table. so even if everyone else passes in order around the table, the pillaging player still gets his chance to move in a figure or pass himself. he could keep doing this until he fills all the village spaces available , unless someone tries to stop him by moving their own figures in, or the pillaging player is the last player to pass around the table. i think the rule was written this way to keep players from shying away from battle. in effect  every time the other players pass and the pillaging player does not and moves another figure in to the pillaged province, it's like he's drawing a battle line for the the other players, daring them to step over it and stop him. if they don't he'll get to pillage automatically but will gain no glory.(ie. i'm moving another figure in to help pillage i dare anyone to try to stop me! ha! ha! for the glory!
i have reread the rules and i have to agree with you.  thanks for the clarification.  :>)
@abba while you can play that way that actually isn't how the rules are written. i have already went over this in the comments section but the rules are very clear on it. once someone decides to pillage everyone gets to move including that player regardless if anyone before the pillaging player does or not. that's exactly how it is written in the rule book. you can obviously play a different way if you want but that isn't how the rules were written.
*getting
daniele, they are lying. there is a topic full of late late backers at bgg that are gerting their games.
daniele, they are lying. there is a topic full of late late backers at bgg that are gerting their games.
i'm an early bird and i forgot to pay for the shipping until a couple of weeks ago and i still have no word on the status of my game.
on br facebook page cmon wrote that late late pledge will be shipped in january. no mentioned late confirm (like me). i hope it's a joke.
and i have tracking!
will - i got the same information from cmon. but i am pretty sure i confirmed way back when the pledge manager was open.
@flavio really? i spoke with someone at cmon who told me mine won't ship til this week because my pledge manager was confirmed early august(i backed during the campaign though). very disappointing.
i am still waiting for mine to arrive in chicago. i've sent email after email and funny thing, no one seems to want to answer
people who were able to pledge in freaking september are getting their games...
it is incredibly disheartening to read the comments here of fellow backers playing a game that i have not yet received. when will this be rectified, cmon?
regarding the rules question of moving figures into a province being pillaged when no battle is taking place. remember that after the pillaging player announces his intention to pillage, it is at that point all the players must announce if they will challenge his intention (call to battle).  all players who answered the call then begin the movement phase but if no one answers the call then there is no movement phase and you go right to the pillaging. if the opposing players are willing to sacrifice the pillage reward the pillaging player should not also get a free extra movement phase with no rage cost.
in italy the distributor has wrote that the game is available. so people can receive it before the backers (like me) that paid almost a year ago?!? and cmon don't answer to any request for estimated date. very very very respectful for the backers. nice shot. i can't believe this situation for a company like cmon. no info, no update since one month. shame.
i was just wondering what the situation was on shipping for the game. i see that some people have got their games and others have not and i was just wondering if there was any idea on how this was being fixed and when i can expect an update on when i am getting the game.
still no response. sent email over three weeks ago. paid for shipping over a week ago. and still nothing. very disappointed!
no shipping notice here either... early bird ect. ect.
boardgamegeekhas a very helpful section clarifying rules with lots of input from thiago and other designers.
this definitely isn't up to cmon's usual fulfillment standards. i am early bird pledge #116 in the northeast us paid and confirmed for weeks and no shipping notice yet. my neighbor who pledged after the kickstarter received his 3-4 weeks ago and sold it on ebay already. e-mails to support have gone completely without response for weeks. disappointing.
it is! i got a shipping notification!!! oh man in really excited!!!
i just got a shipment email from psi... does this sound familiar to anyone? i don't know who it's from... no other ks projects are shipping this week...
received mine yesterday (which is understandable because i live in uruguay). everything came as it was supposed to, and the quality of the minis is breathtaking. by far the best kickstarter i backed!
i paid for my shipping late, like in september, so i was expecting the game to ship later than most but i just got notice of a package coming from alpharetta, ga.
@joe i'm in the same boat, waiting for a wolfman card that was not with my figure. it's been about 2 weeks and haven't heard back. i think i will wait a few more weeks until all the games are shipped out before i get concerned. maybe a comment by cmon reassuring a time frame on when replacements might ship would be nice.
anyone know how to contact cmon? i've emailed them numerous times through kickstarter with no response. i am classifying their customer support as poor at this time.
great thanks!
@khepera: no cardboard  tokens were created for the wildboar expansion set because it was a kickstarter exclusive item that also includes the 3d player tokens for every clan except for the ram clan 3d tokens which are included i the 5th player extras box. because you can use the 3d tokens instead of cardboard tokens nonwere created. the 5th player expansion has cardboard tokens only because. it is not a kickstarter exclusive item and will eventually be available to the rest of the public to buy. since some people that purchase it will not have the 3d tokens that were for kickstarter backer only, they included the cardboard tokens for those who did not get 3d token to be able to play with 5 players. i hope this answers your question. happy gaming and for the glory!
@khepera, no-as wild boar is ks only so no point as you get the plastic :)
should we have gotten cardboard wildboar tokens?
same group who played this blood rage did play sword and sorcery -> go back it also people ;)
not impressed with the shipping costs, which are much higher than originally advertised.
@alexander: how long did cmon take to reply to your email?  i submitted a query over 5 days ago and still haven't received a response.
has anyone received replacement components yet? i was missing two serpent mystics, i emailed them and they got back to me saying they would send them. two weeks later nothing, they then said they would send them when shipping was complete, i'm still waiting for tracking. anyone else had any problems.
@the schwartz: got reply and they say all was announced and we were informed. lol as others i am sure to have confirmed all months ago already... but cmon plays they game their way obviously. i still see no statement for those high shipment costs. for conan i pay 28$ shipment for a much, much bigger box (which i consider already as more than normal shipping) i now only have the choice to get it for the higher price or to request a refund because i am quite upset of cmons customer treatment. the heavy mail is written, but still i am thinking of buying it nevertheless - because the game seems to be very good.
for those wondering why they have not heard from the pledge or tracking or what not make sure first that you have paid and confirmed shipping i know i did not because shipping price changed and i was not warned of the change... go to https://ckpm.coolminiornot.com/orders
@alan same deal. make sure your pledge manager is payed and confirmed. i know others have had that issue
haven't heard anything yet  about the shipment of my game yet, anyone else?
i'm sorry i'm going to disagree with the opinion on moving figures during pillaging. to me the rules are very clear on this. i can't copy and paste but you can follow along in the section as i go through this. first it says each player including you can move a figure into an empty village. there are no conditions on whether or not an opponent moved theirs to let the one who declared to move theirs in. as long as someone including the person who pillaged has passed or all villages are filled then the battle begins but not before. so the person pillaging can keep moving figures in if they want to. then it says if there are no enemies in then no battle takes place but the pillage still happens. i don't see anything wrong with this since they can only move adjacent figures in and they have to pillage a non-pillaged province. so while it is useful to declare to move them into one province there are drawbacks but that is part of the strategy.
@jaser @ugo i hear you guys! i'm trying so hard to be patient... i've backed many cmon games and i know it's hard with soooo many backers, but when i see others with their games for weeks it makes me really antsy to get my hands on mine!
has the game shipped for u.s. backers yet?
still no sign of my pledge - should i start to be concerned now?
@ andrew @belisarius: makes sense to me guys when you put it like that . i kind of thought that's how it was played , but the pillage rules seemed a little vague the first time i read it in the book when i researched it. thanks for the clarification guys. i've only played a few times and the game is bound to have more questions come up as we all play it more. we'll just have to learn as we go. happy gaming and for the glory!
@andrew - pillaging is an action that "can" result in follow-on battle actions if the pillaging is contested by other players (call to battle). if other players decide to try and stop you, a round of movements follows from you, clockwise, as figures are deployed. however, if no one contests your pillaging, then there is not subsequent round of movements to enter battle and no figures would be moved. moving more of your own figures would not be permitted, as they are not moving to join battle.
@ steven bigness last sentence in call to battle paragraph on page 17 states "once all villages in that province are occupied or when no one else wishes to join in, the battle begins."  then after the note on yggdrasil it states "if at this point there are no enemy figures in the province or adjacent fjord, no battle takes place and you automatically pillage the province..." this to me reads like if in our 3 player game for example   player 1 chooses to pillage goes to player on his left (player 2) for an opportunity to reinforce. player two has no models in vacinity and has to pass. then it goes to the player to the left of player 2 (player 3). player 3 has no models in the vacinity so also has to pass. since player 2 and 3 both passed, then no one else is wishing to join and as there are no enemies it would go straight to an uncontested pillage. it wasn't intented to give player 1 a free march all your adjacent troops into 1 province action just by pillaging. it was intended that the only way the pillaging player is allowed to bring in reinforcements is if someone can or is actively opposing him.
in maryland and have nothing. a friend backed this months after i did. he received his weeks. ago. frustrated.
@flavio: thanks for the input flavio.  i tried to look up in andrew's question in the rulebook. but it seemed i little vague reguarding his question. i thought the rulebook said everyone had to pass on moving a figure into battle including the pillaging player as it says he could decide to move a figure in as well, but if  everyone passes starting from the pillaging players left, doesn't it come back around to the pillaging player and if he doesn't pass can't he still add another figure and literally keep doing this until he himself passes, or he runs out of figures or spaces to put them? i'm not saying your wrong . i just may have interpeted the rules wrong . the game is still fairly new and were all still learning the rules together. thanks for the post. happy gaming and for the glory.
andrew, he can only add figures if another player answered the call to battle and moved a figure.
can we please please please get a ballpark estimate on when late backer pledges might ship!
i really wish i would have added the 5th player expansion! if anyone has it and doesn't want it, i'd love to purchase it from you! i'm working on my foam insert for the game, and want to fill the space with the expansion contents!
@andrew newman: i checked the rulebook  about  the pillage action and from what i was able figure out from reading the rules again i think he can bring in another figure even if you and any other player keep passing during the call to battle step. the only way i can see to stop him is to not pass and move figures in to battle him.  because just passing on moving a figure into battle wont stop the pillaging player unless all players,(including the pillaging player) pass one after the other in order. if even one player decides to add a figure to the battle instead of passing, then you must go around the table again starting to that players left to see if anyone else wants to add a figure to the battle or pass. also remember you have to have enough empty village spaces left in the province to add another figure to the battle
well, i've ended up paying additional shipping. perhaps it was my fault, though i know that i opened the pledge manager and saved when contacted. at least cmon are replying quickly via email. pretty poor that they couldn't just do a quick database check and fire an automated email in the best interests of their customers though.
an opponant of mine swears that if he pillages a provence even though there is nobody to contest it he can still bring in more models of his own to reinforce. me and the other opponant in the game don't think that is legit but he wants me to ask anyway.
@alexander and @james i have the same troubles and cmon has not answered my support ticket for days. a shame since i have used a lot of effort and time supporting this game. so i ask again, what is happening cmon, by the ozone divine?
the same happened with my pledge.  i still see first shipping cost estimate on the ks page (as a rough estimate, the game will cost about ...$15-$25 in the eu and canada), afterwards with mail from 30/4 confirmed rates europe: $10 to germany. $15-$30 to most other countries.  finished the pledge manager but now triggered by other comments, i see that there is one "confirm" missing. once i do this i see shipping costs of 48.27$!!!!! that´s a mess being >3 times more than initially estimated and furthermore raises the total box price to 125$, which is far away from something ~90$ btw for 50$ you can transport the box by taxi from china to eu ;-) also no alert-mail popped up. so the only thing i can do now is asking for refund or redruced shipping costs.
feeling annoyed by this, double checked all my ks emails and i've responded to each of the blood rage ones, log into my pledge manager to see that shipping hasn't been confirmed and that i'm now expected to pay us shipping rates and more than likely custom charges on top.  i've sent a ks message and email to cmon asking for a refund, i'll pick the game up at my flgs.  have backed cmon ks's before with no issues, seems i'm not the only one who has experienced communication issues on this one, not good enough
one of the best game i've played in years. is there any way i can pick up the 5th player expansion?
i didn't finish my pledge manager it seemed either. the rest of the wait begins......
wonderfull game thank you very much
looks like my pledge is officially late. no tracking or package in the us. still trying to stay patient but the last few posts from cmon have not given me a whole lot of confidence.
nope... never mind... still waiting for my pledge!
i got a shipment notification from justin schaffer... is this blood rage?
@daniele i can see what you mean i've supported three cmon ks's already and the communication at the end of each of them was fine, but this one really seems as if it fails here at the closing. i'm still confused on why i have to pay more than double the shipment costs than my fellow danes. and with import charges and all i'm probably end up with and extra expense of $100+ compared to what was stated on the campaign page... what's up cmon, by the ozone divine?
@daniele, have you asked around on bgg with a headline of like "eu backers countries received?" then ask for people around the world to list where they're from and if they got their game. maybe the shipper prioritized by number of items to ship. so, let's say france had 1,500 games to ship, and sweden 120, then france would be handled first. maybe italy only has a few backers so you're all at the bottom of the list. i don't know ... but asking gamers on bgg is a better place than here.
my personal opinion; i will not back any future project until i receive my copy of game. many people has received their copy more than a month ago.  at least inform us about the status .... i think it should be respectful
i thought i had gone through the pledge manager, but i guess i had not.  paid the shipping and now it's a waiting game.  it'd be nice if cmon would communicate better.
anyone else pondering the latest reply from cmon here? "...once we have received the remaining items from our factory." so as a late late backer we first have to wait for the ships from china and then the delivery from us hub? or are the items already in the us hub and now we' ll just wait until all regular kickstarter packages has been sent out? i have had the impression that the latter was the case, but without any proper updates conserning the late late backers i'm a bit lost. do understand that as a late late backer i' m ready to wait a bit longer, but as i did give 123,55$ of my money, an update would be highly appreciated.
i do not think you'll ever get a refund once the games are shipped even though they have not been delivered.
@julio it seems that communication around the pledge manager this campaign has failed, i have also left cmon a mail asking where my package was. then after awhile i discovered that the shipping fee grew from $15-25 to $53 and that the package will be shipped from the us even though i live in eu, i've filed a complain on that. no communication from cmon asking me to pay for shipment as answer to my previous mails and comments in this forum. right now i'm really considering asking for a refund, cool game or not...
left cmon an email over two weeks ago - no response, no game.  a friend of mine near me received his 3 weeks ago. what gives??
played my first game today.  awesome!!  awesome!!  figs are fantastic, there is a lot of things to think about and you never have enough rage to do everything you want.  very engaging.  this game is all it was said to be.
hello everyone! for those of you that are not sure if your package is on the way, please log into your pledge manager and check if you confirmed your pledge. if you confirmed on time, then please contact support@cmon.com. if you didn't confirm it yet, you can do it now, but your order will ship from the usa hub once we have received the remaining items from our factory.  thank you!
it seem so @daniels i have been waiting for my package for ages. only to discover that i suddenly have to pay for the shipment it seemed i had payed in the first place and at us level even though i live in eu. i'm confused by mjölnir!
any update? the last one was from 3 weeks ago, saying the packages in canada would be shipping by the end of the week. i still haven't received a shipping notice. was there a problem somewhere?
@steven e. bigness: thanks a lot for your answer. it was one of my question about the sequence of card effects indeed. also, a question about the number of quest cards you can play. the rulebook says you can commit to two quests of the same type. but how many quest card types really exist ? only valhala and most str in a province ? or is it one type for each of the most str for each region ? that can change a lot for the game on how it's played.
i don't hope so @sloknightfall, if i have to pay us shipping levels and import charges i'd rather have a refund by the ozone divine! that's to expensive for me being from the eu, and not what was promissed on the campaign page...
colis bien reçu.. je suis très content de celui-ci et de tout le contenu.. thanks.. long live at you.. par odin, thor et les dieux du nord.... skol!!!
@jean-luc barbera: not sure which cards you were effects you were wondering about, but i do know that the effects interact in the following order if there are multiple effects activated at the same time. cancel card effects  happen first  then discard  effects happen, and then all other effects happen. i hope this helps. happy gaming and for the glory. p.s. i got this info. off the how it's played video. it's not in the rulebook that i know of.
is there a faq for the game rules ? or is it planned ? i have a few questions on some rules, especially on how some card effects interact with each other.
yep. definitely confirmed on time and still have no tracking or game in cali. hope the whole "will ship at the end of the month" thing i was told by cmon over a week ago still holds true...
so looking at the comments of update #36, it appears that people were reporting that the shipping payment step was not appearing until the user logged in a second time, which would explain why so many of us did not get everything finalized when we thought we did.  as per shipping for those who paid the shipping late there was a comment from cmon in the latest update (#46) "if you didn't confirm it yet, you can do it now, but your order will ship from the usa hub once we have received the remaining items from our factory".  so it looks like we won't be seeing our games until probably late nov.  :/
yes, apparently i did not either...  yes, tey should end an update to address this!
same here @chris, never got any reminder either and i had to pay some $53 for shipping which is more that twice of what they stated on the campaign page? so i have sent a question to cmon by the ozone divine!
wtf, apparently i did not pay for shipping either, good thing someone on here mentioned it or i would have been out all that money, the least cmon could do is send an e-mail reminder to those who had not paid for this as i was not even aware i owed anything else at all.
@richard https://ckpm.coolminiornot.com/orders
how do i check i paid postage?im pretty sure i did.no one there is answering any messages
i am still waiting for my order as well, a little weird, how do i check on if shipping had been paid or not?
no word on deliveries for me either   c'mon cmon  get it together!!
@tim murray couldn't agree more if that is indeed the case. it doesn't seem like they're deciding the order of shipping based on region, when they pledged or how much they pledged. maybe just random?
i consider this a pretty important day as all us pledges are supposed to ship by the end of this month. so unless they're working on halloween, this is the last day. probably a good opportunity for them to post an update before they get slammed with hundreds of emails asking them where their shipping info is
still nothing...  my buddy 15 miles away got his a month ago.  this seems odd.
anyone know a email these guys will looks at tried to send a message through this kickstarter and on cmon's web site about the darkelf in the main box not being fully cast but been over a week with no response from them.
double check you fully paid up the shipping costs.  i thought i had but turns out was some unpaid.  would have been nice to get a message to saying such but at least it will be on its way now.  even double checked my black plague pledge to be sure it was fully paid : )
i haven't recieved my pledge yet either. what's taking so long exactly?
if people that didn't even pledge during the kickstarter are getting theirs shipped out before those of us that pledged from the beginning then that's pretty sad.  i'm think i'm more just frustrated at the complete lack of communication and updates, when they clearly said they'd continue to update us concerning the shipping.
i know some people were disappointed in two player blood rage, and even talked about selling their copy without giving it a shot. so, i created a dummy third player for a two player game. please let me know what you think if you give it a shot. i want to keep improving it. thanks. https://boardgamegeek.com/filepage/124132/blood-rage-dummy-deck-player-3-2-player-game
@tim murray - yes, that is my understanding, part of the late pledge.
those who did not get your games yet: i would give them till the end of this month, if you have not at least received a shipping notice by then i would contact cmon. customer service and see what went wrong, or if it's just late in shipping. either way you'll know what's going on. for the glory!
friend in my gaming group got his last week. said he got shipping notice prior to that. i have no notice at all. i would love for an "add on" to simply pay $15 extra for the option to eliminate shipping delays and ensure this gets to me in a timely and predictable manner. for example, dhl has point to point tracking, even internationally. i'm sure other companies do as well. you pay extra for it, but i would.
is there any way you  can check on individual order status?  if your australian shipper claims they have all been shipped on the 12th then i am worried about where my copy is.
hi there, can you please let me know when i should get the game in luxembourg? thanks.
@mark pierce - do you mean he didn't fund it during the actual kickstarter, and instead did the late pledge?
pledge #110 in western new york, still waiting for mine to arrive as well, strangely my neighbor who pledged last minute received his two weeks ago.
is there shipping ongoing to canada? a friend of mine received his 2 weeks or more, and he lives a mile from me.
@steve - i am in niskayuna ny and i still haven't received my package after all this time. i've contacted cmon about it, but they never responded to me either. kinda disappointed with that - i thought their customer service was supposed to be really good.
@tim murray i got a response last week letting me know that my shipment was arriving in the us end of oct and would be sent out then. so we're not there just yet but they're definitely cutting it close.
it would be nice to get some kind of update for those of us in the us that haven't heard anything.  it's the end of the month and it has been 2 and a half weeks since the last update.  should we be contacting someone, or holding patiently?
still waiting here on Åland islands, finland... haven't heard or seen anything yet...
i am loving these minis. they are a lot of fun to paint. finally finished 1st clan (bears), and a few monsters. need to get a game on this weekend.
@ colt here in nyc and i have had it for a couple of weeks.  it's a really great game you will be very happy
@colt the-outlander:  colt i received my package on the 15th of october, and i'm from schenectady, n.y.  . strange that you have not received your package yet. i would give i until the end of this week and then contact cmon. and ask them what happened. did they send you a tracking number or notification of shipment. if not make sure you fully confirmed your order as some people have posted that they thought they confirmed it but later discovered that they had not fully confirmed the order after all. let us what you find out. for the glory!
.... still waiting here in ny.
has anyone on the east coast received their box yet? just wondering, thanks.
@jeff unfortunately your late confirmation may have had little to do with he late arrival. i confirmed mine almost immediately and am still waiting
@ erick h : eric can you post pictures of the discoloration difference in your cards so we can see if it's just a bad batch you received or if this is a problem for all the 5th player expansion sets. i checked mine and only noticed a very slight difference in the color on the back of the fifth player 1st age cards compared to the first age cards to the base set. the other cards from the other two  ages seemed the be ok. i couldn't really tell the difference. ( even the difference in color of the fifth player age 1 cards and the base game age one cards is so minor in my set i don't think anyone will notice. i can always just thumb through them when choosing a card, and then put them in one pile. plus there so small i figure i can just put my hand over them when choosing a card to play. please post photos if you can so we can see if yours are more discolored or about the same. did you contact cmon. customer assistance on their official website? just keep trying. also see if they have a phone number to call directly. good luck and keep us informed. for the glory!
@erik, sleeves? i might sleeve mine because they're so small and are unwilling to shuffle easily.
wow these guys are really something. i have a discoloration problem with my cards and expansion card,  aa in the colors don't match. have posted here and sent private messages, but no response in almost 3 weeks time. great support... the game as it is for me is unplayable as i can pretty much see who's got which card by the discoloration on the back side.
i am missing a piece, have sent 2 emails.  no response.  please check the emails.
@alan cox, find the url for the cmon pledge manager and check the status there.  the page should have a tracking number if the game has shipped.  you should also receive an e-mail.
@flavio thats the thing i havent received any information about shipping? is it charged separately? if so how do i pay for it?
@jeff lozito @sloknightfall i did the same, but one thing i wish we had is a little update for late confirming users like us or just a little heads up on how shipments are going on a global scale @cmon please do this for us all it would kinda stop me from worrying, hell i have gnawed on my nails up to my elbow.
alan, you need the tracking number.
i havent received anything as far as shipping or anything, anyone know how to check shipping or what not?
@cmon, a bit late (sorry) but thank you, awesome game and minis :)
@sloknightfall, i had the exact same issue. thought i did the pledge manager confirmation but apparently did not. i'm more than a little bummed since if i had, i would probably have had blood rage a while ago. hopefully now that i did confirm, i'll receive my shipping notification soon ... though i'm worried that my error will put me in with a different shipment group, and will lead to getting my copy much later.
ok, i missed the email for the confirm (follow up from cmon?) , so i confirm late. btw my mistake.  but now? no my game, no tracking nr, no info.  some people has received one month ago. i asked info to know at least the estimated time, and after several days i received this very pretty answer "see the updates". what update? the last update was more than two weeks ago. the shipment cost.... 50$ to receive the package in a european big city (milan) is ridiculous. someone is bringing me br by bike? my ks rum and bones experience was good. this ks is a terrible experience, i never see before a customer care so bad. have a good day
also if you have yet to get a shipment tracking, it may be beneficial to double check the pledge manager.  i did and found that while mine was scheduled for shipment in phase 1, i hadn't noticed that when i filled it out i didn't actually confirm my address & pay for shipping.  which is strange since i could have sworn that i had.   fixed that and hopefully it will not delay my shipment by to much.
for those of you in the us who have yet to receiving the game and tracking info, do not fear for i am there with you. i was told last week that it would be shipped at the end of oct. once they received it so don't expect any tracking until friday-sat...
hi garlok.....im on the east coast of australia....i haven't received my game yet.
you're just winding me up aren't you...  you're all hiding in the dark ready to surprise me with my copy of blood rage.  very funny.  can i please have my copy.  you know, the copy i paid for.  thank you.  yours hopefully,  frustrated and a little bored with it now, from cumbria uk.
i've finally started painting the blood rage minis! first one up is the mountain giant (work in progress): http://imgur.com/a/xmplg
@linnus - thanks for the lord of spears update, good to know.  this seems consistent with how quests work; i.e. a card can be triggered/resolved for a fulfilling condition, regardless if that condition has already triggered a card.  you have two quests for and both trigger off of having highest str in gimle.  you have two leaders with a 'if win' ability, so each leader can trigger that ability.
@jon - i haven't seen the need for a catch up mechanism as i have seen the role of first player shift around throughout the game.  if all the players 'sit' upon one, i would say there is nothing that player can do. but you need players who will watch the game, understand the strategies of others, and be aware of what is going on.  for example, if you let one player go 'all loki', then they have a good combo that will be hard to beat (because they will be claiming 6 glory for each figure from valhalla).
great game, but man, very little thought went into how cards would be resolved during pillaging.  getting tired of the arguments caused by this otherwise great game.
still waiting in sweden too.....
still waiting in aus, also messaged them here on kickstarter twice with no reply. has anyone else heard back from them?
and still waiting in denmark too :(
still waiting in uk :(
so did everyone get their package?
abba elfman@  david is crowell is correct. sorry i wasn't mores specific in my post about the mystics upgrade. what i meant was they can't invade for free on the turn you play the upgrade card to activate them because its' a clan upgrade and you can't invade for free on the same turn you activate a clan card. on the following turn it is perfectly fine. sorry about the confusion guys. guess my post was a little too vague. happy gaming and for the glory!
12 different cards, some of which appear multiple times in the decks, give some reward to the player who looses in battle. knowing i would score extra glory for every figure i had in valhalla i invaded and marched every figure i could into the next province to be doomed by ragnarok, then reaped my reward as they were destroyed, sent to valhalla and then released. winning by losing is a very fun element.
played my first game today. what a hoot! leaders invade for free. per the clan cards. i would play that the mountain giant which counts as a leader invades for free rather than 3. other monsters may invade for free when the upgrade is played, after that they cost their strength in rage to invade. so a monster returning from valhalla would pay its strength to invade. mystics invade for free. they cannot invade on the action when their upgrade is played, but can freely invade after that. a mystic returning from valhalla would still be able to invade for free. at least that is how i interpret the rules.
@ linus, thanks for checking on the stacking of lord of spears, that is great to know.
@ steven -- i think you are wrong about the mystics.  we just played two games with them but the way they seem to work is that. a)   you pay for the upgrade card (2 rage) and bring your mystic into your reserve b)  the next turn you can invade with them for 0 but after they die and go back to your reserve the question is do they cost 2 or 0 to invade.  same question i have for monsters and leaders.
still no sign of game or any response to my numerous emails or messages,this is the first and last kickstarter i'll back.does anyone know the best way to get kickstarter to act on my behalf??
on a personal note i always thought of the vikings as very similar the the klingons from star trek.  neither one is afraid of death and they both believe there is glory in battle.. the only difference is the vikings are more technologically primitive than the klingons. p.s. when is the klingon clan coming out so i can add them to the game? lol! just kidding but it might be fun!
@ludwin: just remember ludwin dying in battle is part of the fun of the game. even when your outnumbered if you lose you'll do better in the game than trying to retreat or waiting until you always have the advantage. besides there are strategies that make the player want to lose in battle. (the loki strategy) also vikings are not known to retreat in battle. remember you always get a glory reward for dying in battle unless a player's card effect says you don't which usually wont happen. just be careful deciding if you want to go into a battle or not. and if you lose that battle , at least you gave it your best try with honor.( odin would be proud!). for the glory!
thank you all. this game is great! and i agree with not backing out.
@ ludwin: once you join a pillage you must stay there until it is resolved. you can choose to try not to win the battle during the pillage attempt, but once you have joined you can not simply leave the battle before it is resolved. the fact that joining the battle during a pillage attempt costs 0 rage is beside the point. once you commit to the battle your in it until the end. also only the player who initiated the pillage attempt gets the pillage token if they win, as well as the glory reward. anyone else that wins only gets the glory reward as they didn't start the pillage action. hope this answers your question happy gaming and for the glory!
flavio, if i join a pillage from another province and i am not the person who called the pillage, can i back out on my next turn? i would simply give up the province to the initiator of the pillage. i assume the pillager can not back out as he chose to pillage and it is their rage (zero cost) "buy". on a pillage it cost zero to join so it should cost zero to leave (with your tail covering your _)?
ludwin - if you mean leave the province the battle will take place, the answer is no, you cant.
another question. can you back out of a pillage if you did not initiate it? i see it as a bluff, specially as you take turns invading one figure at a time until you run out of adjacent figures/villages. a few pillages we went in with battle lust only to be faced by overpowering opponents, retreated to fight another day.
mystics of  midgard: i just thought i would point out that upgrading with the mystics of midgard card does not let you invade with the mystic for free. this is because the mystic is a clan upgrade , and you can only invade for free from an upgrade when it is a monster upgrade, a warrior upgrade or a leader upgrade,  or a card effect during a pillage action.( example loki's blessing). i know no one ask this question, but i thought i would point it out if no one has used the mystics of midgard yet. happy gaming and for the glory!
anybody have a rough idea of when late backer pledges might be coming.... patiently being not so patient
got mine on friday here in la
@ steven e. bigness thanks, i kind of figured that's how it worked. my opponant disagreed and demanded that i ask someone else. great game, so glad i invested in it.
abba elfman@thank you for an answer. but i asked rodney smith (whatch it played). and the answer i got was: "in blood rage the lord of spears effect can stack if you have two leaders at the same location. i just checked with the designers."
@ linus regarding "lord of spears"  upgrade  (if you successfully pillage with your leader, raise all your clan stats by 1" ; does it double if you have more than one leader.  i would say no because you only pillaged once.
draft 6 new cards at start of an age, and keep 1 from previous age if you had any left, so you can have up to 7 cards starting with the second age.
awesome game! couple of questions. how many total cards in hand, you keep 1 from previous age but do you still discard to have only 6 on the later ages? the wolfman monster cancels non-monster str but does it cancel your opponents only or everyone involved in a pillage (including my own, like a lone wolf tactic? it also took a while to understand the use of a quest card during battle with the clan upgrade to turn the quest card as a +3 0r +5 str. thanks also for the clarification of paid rage for re-invading with monsters/leaders, otherwise rage is quickly spent. finally, i played with my kids & nephews (10-13 yrs) and we drafted 2 cards each per turn, they picked it up immediately! well done br creators!!
@andrew newman: the mountain giant is a monster  upgrade, so that alone would let him invade for free the same turn once you pay his upgrade cost. if he gets killed as he did in the situation you described,  once he's released from valhalla and returned to you the second age would begin. on your next turn you could invade with him for free as his ability says he is treated as a leader, and leaders invade for free. you don't have to pay his upgrade cost again to activate him just because he died in the first age. once you play him as an upgrade he's yours for the rest of the game whether he dies or not unless you discard him to play another monster because you don't have room to play three at once. in which case he would be returned to the box along with his card and be out of play for the remainder of the game. hope that answers you question. for the glory!
ahh thanks must've missed that.
@andrew newman: as per the manual, there is no limit to the number of ships that can occupy a fjord.
i also have a question about ships. can 2 seperate clan ships share the same fjord?
also had a question about ships. can 2 seperate clan ships share the same fjord?
i have a question about the mountain giant too. i spent the 3 points to activate him in the 1st age and he got killed. age 2 he returned to my reserves. it says he counts as a leader and leaders invade for free. does this mean that after spending the rage for his initial activation he can invade for free.
myself i would go with the double reward. it counts as a leader therefore it gets the up grade. i'll add it to my list of tactics if that card combo comes up. just remember people will say "over powered" but it relies on the card combo occurring and you winning the pillage. so is relatively rare enough to be a nice in the game rather than a game winning killer tactic. i've seen a few of these combos in the games i've played. which make it a fun learning curve and for games with never ending surprises. it's great when your so called killer strike is wiped out by someone else's :)
yesterday we had a little argue playing the game. the rule dispute was. i had "mountain giant" (this monster count as a leader) and my regular leader in the same province. i initiated a pillage. and i won. but on my clan sheet i also had the leader upgrade card: "lord of spears" (if you successfully pillage with your leader, raise all your clan stats by 1" and here is where the conflict starts. i think i should have first the reward for winning the pillage. but also dubble reward of the card "lord of spears". because i have 2 leaders in the same winning battle. however they didn't because the card says "leader" not "leaders". but that's is because you normally can't have 2 leaders at the same time. this is an exclusive combination.
got mine last week and i have genuinely enjoyed this game.  the production is great, i like the design of the minis although one of the bases for a giant was warped and the spears have all been bent and require straightening. the only real complaint i have with the game is the lack of a catch up mechanism.  if someone slaughters in the first round then there is generally very little the rest of the table can do to mitigate the overwhelming beatdown that will ensue for the next hour or so.  has anyone tried to house rule some pity spoils for the players not in first place?
thanks so much steven. i haven't opened that box yet. thanks again.
jeremy owen: did you check inside the wildboar clan kicksterter exclusive  box? all the upgraded 3d token should be in that box. if you bought th 5th player expansion the tokens for the ram clan  should be in the 5th player extras box. hope that helps. for the glory!
so i didn't receive my kickstarter exclusive upgraded components. i got the monster figures just not the clan, sage, doom and first player tokens.
i finally managed to find the time for a couple of games. great fun all around! rules mostly easy to understand, good gameplay etc.
yes, very high quality pieces!  great job!
got it!  as everyone else has said, beautiful pieces.  can't wait to play!
just another little bit of information about the destruction during ragnarok. the fire reigning down on the earth was caused by surtur the fire demon (or fire giant depend on which version of the myth you read. the god god frey fought surtur but because he gave his best sword to a friend he was unable to stop surturs rampage and was killed. surtur them used the fire from his giant sword to burn most of the world. (not sure if surtur was eventually defeated or not have to look that up.) for the glory!
....on the east coast.
my friend on the west coast just received his box!! he loves it! hopefully i should be getting my rewards soon.
gods of asgard advanced house rules update: about a week ago it was brought up by ariakas that that ragnarok was also about most of the gods dying while the world is being destroyed. when using the gods of asgard rules and a god has to be moved after it's providence has been pillaged there seemed to be no rule against moving the god to the providence containing the doom token. normally after this providence is destroyed the god would just be moved to a new providence but this got me thinking. just for fun what if somehow you could simulate when certain gods were killed during ragnarok  in the game? this is what i came up with. i call them the gods of asgard advanced house rules. if a god is moved into the providence with the doom token and a certain other monster upgrade miniature is in that providence as well, during the ragnarok phase, not  only does that figure and everything else die and go to valhalla , but the god dies and is removed from the game as well as the other miniature relating to the god ( there are 2 exceptions to how this rule works to be discussed later. in the next age ,that god can be replaced with a new god. this keeps the game even more challenging because you randomly pick the next god to appear. you can also award 5 glory points to the player who moved the god to the providence which destroyed it as well as 5 points to the player who monster upgrade was responsible for killing the god. also the monster upgrade that killed the god is not sent to valhalla but is removed from the game the same as the god that it killed, (this simulates that these monsters were also killed in battle during ragnarok and the monster upgrades represent these godlike monsters. so here's the breakdown of who kills who if there in the same providence ragnarok destroys. odin: killed by fenrir (odin fought fiercely with fenrir but was eventually swallowed whole by the giant wolf. fenrir was soon afterword killed by odin's son vidar by tearing open fenrirs jaw breaking it and killing the beast.) thor: killed by sea serpent miniature (the sea serpent represents the midgard serpent. a serpent so huge it encircled the world. they battle back and forth until thor finally lands a lethal blow to the serpents head, but the dying serpent drips poisonous venom from its mouth down on thor. his victory will cost him his life. tyr: killed by undead soldier miniature. (the undead soldier miniature represents garm guardian of the gate to hel or the underworld. he is a giant timber wolf like monster  (similar to fenrir but slightly smaller) tyr will evenually defeat this monstrosity but will die from his wounds shortly after.* loki and heimdall special rule. normally two gods can't occupy the same providence at the same time. loki and heimdall are a special case. if one of these gods is in the providence with the doom token and the other god is adjacent to that providence during the ragnarok phase. the adjacent god will be drawn to that space like a magnet, and both gods will be destroyed whoever moved the god to the destroyed space will get 5 glory (no points to any player for the god who was drawn in to the providence from another providence) . (these two gods were so evenly matched they both kill each other. remove both gods from the game.) * friggia: she does not die during ragnarok (in the myth, no mention of her or any of the godesses in battles or dying is mentioned, leading us to believe they survived.  there is mention that two humans one male one female were hiding in the world tree yggorasil and emerge after ragnarok is ended to repopulate the world. maybe frigga hid them there, who knows? i thought of a cool ability for frigga, being the mother protector would be to during the last age of the game to let the player who moved her to the providence with the doom token have the option of saving any two non monster figures there during the ragnarok phase and move them to the yggorasil providence.  once frigga uses this ability she is removed from the game. (she's not killed. she simply goes into seclusion to mourn the death of the other gods. the player who moved frigga  gains 5 glory points. if you use this ability.(this ability could be a fun way to keep  someone who wanted to die in the final battle from getting those extra points for dying at ragnarok.  try out these house rules if you like them. if you have your own house rules please post them. for the glory!
@brian foster, blr-ks01 is the ragnarock pack, which includes the other ks0x packages.
guys, if you still have not received your copy. try contact them through cmon website
has people received their packages yet? i ordered the game + artwork book back when i first supported the game but haven't received anything yet. who should i contact to solve this? :)
brian foster: i think  the 3d tokens were a kickstarter excusive all by themselves but were put into the wildboar clan for easy packaging. they very well may be your blr-ks01 they just shared a box with the wildboar clan to save space. just a possibility.
i see blr001, blr002, blr003, blr004 (the retail boxes: core, 5p, gods, mom) and blr-ks02, blr-ks03, blr-ks04, blr-ks05, blr-ks06, blr-ks07 (the ks exclusives: 5px, wildboar, giant, wolfman, troll, fenrir), and blr-ab01 (the book).  so what is blr-ks01?  did anyone get that or is there some other promo?
just got mine in japan too. everything accounted for and in excellent condition.
i just got mine today in the northwest. played it twice already. it is amazing!!!! it is already in my top 10 games. second game was a little brutal with one guy cycling a loki card where he kept stealing our rage and ending the round with everyone at 0 rage and him at 6+ and just getting tons of actions. good strategy. he ended almost 100 points ahead of everyone. even with the brutal ass kicking i still loved playing!
for people asking if leaders can be removed/affected as "warriors" by a card text. -why do you think there are separate warrior and leader up grade spots on your clan sheets? because warriors and leaders are two separate things.
got mine in socal
i know this game just came out and everything but i seriously hope we get more expansions for it. i absolutely love this game and would buy more stuff. there is so many more gods we could get, lots more monsters, maybe a 6th player thing, maybe even a new board with with new provinces. i dont really care i just hope we get more stuff as this is one of my favorite games ever made. also i love viking mythos.... thank you for making a very strong game.
got mine in utah today. really pleased with it.
robert merrill: odin's smite does not  effect leader figures because they are considered leaders not warriors. the warriors in your clan are the miniatures that have two alternate sculpts. you should have four of each sculpt giving you a total or eight warriors. their is only one leader in each clan unless you upgrade  the mountain giant monster and add him to your clan in which case you would then have two leaders. the leader may fight like the other warriors but when deciding if a card effects a miniature, you have to look at what that miniature is classified as. i hope this helps. happy gaming and for the glory!
question does odins smite battle card "remove one warrior" effect the player leader as well?
just got mine in seattle! yes.
for those still holding out hope in the asia pacific, i have finally received mine today, in japan.  as far as i can tell, everything is there, and it does indeed look phenomenal.  well done, cmon!
@steve 5th player expansion isn't exclusive, so you'll be able to get it at retail shortly.  listed for $24 at miniature market.
@creator is there a way to get the 5th player expansion? i didn't order it when i ordered blood rage but now i want it but don't want to pay ebay prices for it.
heimdall is in the gods of asgard box with the other gods.
is heimdall a separate figure in its own box?
got mine in seattle yesterday. haven't played yet, but all of the pieces look like they are there and in the correct amounts. a few bent spears, but nothing a bit of hot water couldn't fix. great job!
got mine and played first game.  freakin awesome
@jeffrey mosbaugh, can you post the plano box model number, please?
@ walkerbloke yeah, it would be really nice to hear how many games are still in the eu hub? yours and mine is apparently still there :(
just got my game today, i am from oregon
got my giant box of viking-y goodness yesterday (very low number early bird backer in california), but was on my way to work so couldn't do more than enjoy the rulebook.  everything broke down nicely into the base box with the help of some baggies and a large plano-style box that fit all the monsters and gods and counters and cards nicely.  can't wait for the weekend and a chance to play!
it's been almost two weeks since the eu hub was 'nearing completion',  but still no game here in cumbria [uk].  any news???????
@joshua email support@cmon.com  they replied very quick and said they'd ship out the missing heimdall
i also got double tyr in my gods of asgard box and no heimdall.
i wished there would be a email i could write to get an update or answers to my questions... like if i by mistake accepted my pledge a week ago, how long approximetly can i expect to wait for shipping? is tit possible that i get left out? am i going to be in this batch of shippings or will i wait. i know they are all the same questions asked differrently
got mine last week. a few bent weapons and warped bases, but nothing i can't fix, i hope. overall i'm really happy with the game.
guess what???? yep you've got it still nothing,not even the courtesy of a reply
just got my package today! thank you guys for such an awesome game!
@cmon  can we get another update on shipping progress or at least explain why still many of us still getting nothing, not even tracking numbers.....
the wait continues for me. local friend got his copy and brought it to our game night. looks gorgeous but i missed that chance to play.  - colorado
got mine in central michigan and everything is there! just need to straighten some bases and spears. thanks!
received my box o'fun today!  i'm in southwest michigan. looks amazing!
forgot too mention i am in central coast california.  by fedex.
got my shipment here in central california today.  all the miniatures look great!  i look forward to playing this game.  thank you for this coolminiornot.
i just opened my shipment yesterday and  everything seems to be there. except i have haven't checked the cards. i made a video of the contents to show what i received. so that people can see  what items they will be getting. also see the bent spears for themselves. https://youtu.be/4tuqfe2pvwe
i am missing a card for ram mystic.
got two tyrs and no heimdal, what's the email to address this?
mine arrived yesterday in gloversville ny usa, i just opened it and wow nice game and minis. so glad i did not miss out of this game.
hey all!  just a note to let everyone know that this project succeeded beyond my expectations.  blood rage arrived today (gheat ghu!  whatta box!) and everything i pledged for is here.  the quality of the figurines exceeded anything i have seen up to this date!  i shall be doing a demo of this at my flgs as soon as i get a chance to read thru the rules.  congratulations!
i got mine yesterday. shipped via usps with an email from cmon on tuesday saying it was coming. just a word of warning. there was no signature confirmation so  the boxes were just sitting by my front door when i got home.
chis morgan: i'm also waiting on ghostbusters game maybe i can use the minis from bloodrage to make a scenario for ghostbusters. maybe the ghostbusters are trying to prevent ragnarok from happening hmmm wheels turning in head for a scenario  lol.
i have also so far heard nothing about my shipment, no e-mail or anything yet, and i live in indiana, but i can not wait to receive it, it is one of 2 games that i eagerly await the other being the ghostbusters board game by cryptozoic.
steven bigness:  oh wow, i don't know how i missed that.  thank  you.  i should sacrifice myself to the gods now.
ah, got a nice reply back today from cmon about 2 missing packages. they are arriving today - no clue why myusps didn't show it on the list. great customer service!
michael elkins: check inside the wildboar clan expansion pack for the 3d exclusive tokens they should be in that box. as far as you fire giant missing his left hand, i would contact cmon customer service and they should sent you a replacement figure.  good luck and for the glory!
received mine today in in.  fire giant is missing his left hand.  also, i did not get the 3d first player token, saga token, doom token or clan tokens.
@jared yes there is going to be a downloadable scenario using the nordheim expansion materials as well.
hey all,  i don't comment too often however, i must say that the quality of the game i received yesterday was way way above my expectations.  great job!
same here, nothing whatsoever in taiwan.
still nothing and not a word from them
mine just arrived yesterday in connecticut, usa. wow !!!  amazing figures and game-wide production value !!  thank you !! and a big thank you for a great packing job, as well !!!  all was safe, secure and undamaged. i can't wait to play this weekend !!
received in concord, new hampshire the day after i got my tracking email. played my first game last night and it was a blast, lost terribly though. i must remember to beware the giants....
was this the game that was supposed to have compatible figures with conan? (i've backed too many to keep track...)
nothing here in taiwan apac,  so sad,  cmon no replies
received mine in los angeles, ca. minis look beautiful! have not had a chance to play yet and do card inventory but it all looks to be in place. extremely satisfied with the production. geeze, the detail on some... all of the figures... amazing, simply amazing. good job!
game arrived in va yesterday
has anyone received theirs in asia?
got mine today in il. looks great!
received mine today and it looks great, aside from the mystic troll that was packaged with no head
mine arrived in michigan, us this past weekend.  everything looks awesome!!!
got mine today, everything checks so far, but i won't know until christmas.
after 6 days of latest status "picked up in norfolk" fedex reports that a package has arrived in troutdale, or. barring misfortune, it should arrive tomorrow. darn work and it's being necessary to buy stuff. i'm going to be antsy all day tomorrow.
daniel farris: some of the spears on mine were bent too. just use a hair dryer to heat the spear on the mini then gently straighten it. hold it in this position while blowing on it 4 or 5 time to cool it, then release. this trick worked on all my figures even thor's hammer. i think they used the kind of plastic they did instead of hard plastic so there was less chance of something like part of a spear on one of the minis breaking unfortunately they must have packed them too soon without letting them cool first. don't let it bother you too much. better to have a spear you can straighten than one that is broken when you open the box i always say. happy gaming and for the glory!
got mine today in illinois via usps!! such a great looking game!!! thanks cmon
got mine today!!!
got it the other day. little disappointed in the plastic gg continues to use (spears and blades are bent, warped, and extremely fragile), but otherwise happy. note to other backers: create a playlist of viking themed music, and blast it while playing. adds to the fun.
game arrived in va today.great shape, looks awesome! thanks.
got mine in tasmania, australia and it looks great.  the miniatures are better quality than i expected.
game arrived in va via usps. packaged nicely. everything in one piece. fantastic looking everything!
just got my game!
got it today.  packed very very well.  can't wait to play
tracking notification 10/15; received 10/17; opened today 10/21. everything appears to be in good order.  the miniatures i can see, without opening everything (fenrir, mountain giant, etc.) do look spectacular.  i am really glad to have participated in this campaign and look forward to fully enjoying my pledge reward. it is with dismay that this now brings about the conclusion of my association with cmon inc.  i have refrained from and will not participate any further in their kickstarter campaigns.  this is not a result of any game designer or artist who has and will choose to do business with cmon inc., but with cmon inc. itself.  when it comes to kickstarter, i consider myself to be a pledging backer/supporter and not a customer per se.  unfortunately it is the poor customer service, in which i was treated to, that has led me to this decision.  i have accepted the folly of my own actions which led to my need to contact the customer service department.  that most of my career life has been involved in customer relations/service in some way, is perhaps why i can not abide by the inattentive response i received. this, in no way, is intended to dissuade anyone from supporting cmon inc. whether for entertainment purposes or their own profit.  it is merely that when dealing with such large numbers of people, some are bound to fall through the cracks.  i just happen to be one of those individuals.  i hope that everyone who has and will support cmon inc. to forever be continuously satisfied by them and all they offer.  i wish all the luck to cmon inc. in all their future endeavors and highly recommend a reevaluation of your customer service policies.
i've been tracking my package via myusps for the past week. today it arrived, and the outside was labelled "1 of 3." and it's only a third of what i ordered. nothing else is in the usps queue. should i be worried?
"your package will not be shipped until the end of the month when we receive the remainder of the product. i apologize for the inconvenience." well at least i'm spared 2 weeks of anxiously refreshing my email...
my roommate just texted me saying that my copy arrived!  can't wait to get home and open it!
mine arrived today - can't open it until late tonight, although it arrived at the *wrong address*... @cmon - the danger in pre-labeling before shipping from china is that packages can go to old addresses. thankfully we are still cleaning out the old place through saturday and got it.
looking for art of blood rage.  i bought everything else, but since i didn't plan on painting the figures, i skipped the art book.  the minis are awesome!  absolutely cry out to be painted....so i would like to acquire the book as a painting guide/idea generator.   anyone have a copy to sell or trade?  you can contact me directly at tmaturin2@yahoo.com.   thanks!
got my package 10 min ago but the art book i paid for was not there! when will i receive it?
i was in the same boat guys, i know several people who got their's nearby and i was anxious as hell that the world was getting their's and i wasn't.  got my tracking number and shipping appears to be damn quick.  they're still getting through the thousands of orders, sucks we were in the bottom of the stack but they are getting to us.  give it til the end of the month before getting truly pissed, as they said that's the estimate for completion (on the u.s. containers anyway).
it's the lack of communication that's pissing me off
my buddy got his 2 weeks ago.  i still have heard nothing and we live 20 minutes apart.  seems odd?
got mine in boston oct 20th. goodluck to those still waiting!
+1 for another update
in the uk and still no sign of my copy, any chance of an update?
a question. is it normal that someone has received his package near a month ago and other people (like me) didin't receive game nor tracking nr anymore?
yeah! recived!  the game is great!  thx u cmon!
i'm in the uk and i've still not got my package?ive messaged them 3 times no reply does anyone have any advice.
i sent a message over 5 times that when i choose my country (south korea) the pledgemanager saids that it cant find the shipping rates for my country and i cant go to the next step. everything went fine for me for zombicide with the same address and country.  there must be something wrong with your pledger. i am not getting replies back. show me an honest solid answer for gods sake.
anyone else missing the card for the wolfman figure? : ( hope i can get a replacement.
received shipping info for delivery in socal
received on the west coast of australia. looks amazing. thank cmon.
my box arrived today, and the minis look great, i especially like the giants.  there is 1 piece missing from the package, one of the 4 brown claw sculpted tokens, but i guess i can use the cardboard token instead for it.
finally have a tracking number to michigan pledge #391 so i was starting to think i was overlooked. no idea why it took so long.
hi, my pledge manager says shipping september 2015, but i still don't have it. and i didn't get a tracking number. please help. many thanks in advance!
@markskinner thanks so much, i totally overlooked that when i did my first quick box check.
ty tentacles.  tracker updated saying i'll have it thursday.  thorsday. yes. also, fret not, will of godar! as the tracking gods assign numerals to your fellow viking brothers and sisters, it surely means they draw ever nearer to calling your name!  use this time to plot the destruction of your rival clans!
they should be in the ks exclusive clan box that's where mine were located. just got it today
east coast usa here. got my game last week. played one game with friends this weekend. the miniatures are beautiful and the gameplay is fun, solid, and enjoyable. so glad i backed this bad boy.
i received my package and all individual boxes, and gave it a quick look. most of it seems to be there but the ks exclusive 3d tokens/1st player token. was there an update about those being delayed or shipped separately?  the detail is amazing, i'm totally in love with the game.
ugh i should really stop coming to this board. watch more and more people get tracking and packages is bad for my mental health
not many reports from the eu, even tough as of the last update they were nearing completion at that point :-( cheers from denmark - still waiting
my wife called and told me i had a package delivered 10 minutes before the email came
bruce, it just said "your package is on its way. if you do not receive it with in two weeks of this notice contact cmon."
just got my copy and it is gorgeous. great packaging. great shipping container.
i have received my copy of the game, and it looks fantastic!  very slight problem though...it's missing one of the smaller brown disks for under the figure bases.  how would i go about getting a replacement?
woohoo! got my shipping email. should have it by thursday.
just got a delivery notification. i'll be getting it tomorrow. living so close to cmon is actually pretty neat.
los angeles is tracking a package
jason, or people with similar delivery then notice experience - did your tracking site say "delivered" when you got it or just label creation? because my tracking info says a label was made three days ago and i'm hoping that means by the time im home from work, there'll be some nordic goodness waiting
got my email with tracking number 10 minutes after package was delivered. lol. good thing someone was home. it is pooring.
got my tracking number this morning!  blood rage is pa bound!
so so good, the detail in the minis is beyond what the picture held. such a fantastic set my friends. you keep making them and i will keep throwing my money at you.
uk:  am i the only one yet to recieve my copy here in the uk?  it certainly feels like it.
just got mine this morning. i'm floored at the detail of the minis and they are amazing for a "board game" where they are little more than a marker. i can't wait to get some paint on them and they will definitely see some use in a fantasy skirmish game or two. i love the fenris sculpt. outstanding job on this project. hope to give the game a spin this weekend.
i just got my tracking number and was wondering why the hell cmon chose to ship my package internationally via usps, isn’t there some courier service they could of used such as fedex or dhl . i only ask because i know my postal service is extremely unreliable here in south africa and for $71 dollars in shipping i would of expected to arrive with unicorns.  why bother even saying that it cannot be shipped to po box if it will just end at one anyway >.<
received box last week: great packaging, everything arrived undamaged. great production value as well, everything is high quality. the monster miniatures are my favorites, especially the giants and fenris. looking forward to trying this game !
@creator - can someone at cmon check the status of my pledge?- when i logged into the pledge manager, i see no confirmation of payment/shipping, but i have record from paypal that i paid. i am backer # 10167.
got my tracking information just a little while ago for naperville, il.  it is coming usps and will be here tomorrow. seems strange how they are using different carries for different shipments.
ariakas: i do see your point about ragnarok also being about the gods dying and i have decided to try to create some advanced rules with this based on how each god died during ragnarok . remember the figures on the board are not physically in the province they occupy. the figures just show the influence they have on that province. your post gave me a great idea for some house rules would simulate the gods dying in battle during ragnarok. you are correct about there being no rule against moving a god after its province is pillaged to a province with the doom token on it, so here is how my rules to simulate the gods dying would work. if a god is intentionally moved a providence before it is destroyed by the ragnarock  phase and a certain monster figure is also there during the ragnarok phase, the god is killed by the enemy that killed them in the original myth . so here's the breakdown of what kills who and what enemy that monster figure represents.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    odin: killed by fenrir figure (this actually happened in the myth odin was swallowed whole  by fenrir.)                                                                                                                                                thor killed by sea serpent figure ( the sea serpent represents the midgard serpent which thor does kill with a fatal blow from his hammer but is himself killed from the the dripping venom from the dying serpents mouth.)                                                                                                                                                    tyr : killed by undead soldier of hel figure ( this figure represents garm guardian of the hel-gate. tyr and garm also kill each other.)                                                                                                                                                  loki and heimdall will both be destroyed if either one is on the next providence to be destroyed and the other god is adjacent to that providence he will be drawn to the destroyed providence, in effect destroying himself as well (this house rule is a special case as usually two god figures cant occupy the same space. (but in the the myth loki and heimdall   end up killing each  other.                                                                                                                                                frigga: not sure what happens to frigga during ragnarok (not even sure if she was killed.) i'll do some research and get back to you on a house rule for her. for the glory!
i just got my pledge manger up dated with a tracking number for gloversville ny usa been checking 2 times a day for the last 2 weeks it shipped on the 15th. good thing fed-ex is slow or it would have been delivered before i got the tracking number :)   anyway i should have it by tomorrow or thursday :)
@universalhead all of the 3d tokens are kickstarter exclusive, even the ones in he core game. people who buy at retail will on,y have the card tokens for all the clans.
banging head on wall!!!!!! put work address, but closed on saturday. and it takes fedex four days to reroute to my city fedex station from 20 miles away. aaarrrrggghhhh!!!!!!!#!#!##!!#!!!
just arrived in honolulu, hawaii, need to see if i got everything
cmon, please make the ram player tokens available, it would drive me nuts to buy the 5th player expansion and have it be the only clan without the token miniatures.
got mine in new zealand. just stunning stuff, and now kicking myself i didn't get the 5th player expansion. well done cmon! after getting this and rum & bones, i'm well and truly impressed.
those getting the game. make sure you say where your from. the idea of posting is to tell the others waiting where the games are arriving so we can see the spread. otherwise apart from a cheap brag, it's not much point.
i regret watching the watch it play video because now i really want to play and yet don't have the game.
i got mine this weekend. the figures are awesome. i'm so excited. :-)
got mine usps, either friday or saturday. out of town at the time. big package - no damage.  everything looks awesome !!  art book is fantastic. glad i went all in on this one! can't wait to play !!
one question about the gods-expansion: after a pillage the god must be moved to a non-pillaged non-destroyed province. but he may be moved to the next-to-be-destroyed province, as there seems to be no rule against it. at the end of the current age, the province is destroyed... and nowhere is anything mentioned what happens to the god in that case. i know, as per the rules, that means that nothing happens to him, he is just placed randomly anew for the next round. but why is that? i would argue that ragnarök was all about gods' dying, so i feel this omission does not fit the flavor of the game.  so, @cmon and fellow vikings, what would you think about destroying the god in this case and perhaps bring a new one next round; or else let the game end prematurely after both participating gods have died?
mugz: the ram clan 5th player expansion will eventually be available for sale to the general public. the only thing you may be out of luck getting is the 5th player extras which which  were offered to backers who purchased the 5th player expansion during the kickstarter. it includes alternate sculpts of the dark elf, dwarf chieftain, and soldier of hel. as well as the exclusive ram tokens. (the 5th player expansion comes with the cardboard tokens like the core game has.)   hope this answers your questions.   for the glory!
new zealand: got mine yesterday. the figures are so cool. agree with @kent shuford: not sure which figure i like best but fenrir is great.
the classes are sharply defined. look at a your mystics cards - some age mystics can invade taking place of other mystic / warrior. sea serpent is ship.
ups. the first one is no. only warriors are "warriors". monsters, mystics, ships and leaders are safe.
@abba 3xyes. also keep in mind your second "leader" also invades for free. ;)
@abba, without having any inside or official knowledge, i will attempt to answer these as best i can. - the leaders don't use the warrior keyword so they wouldn't count.  - yes, you can have two leaders. see the benefit by looking at the above answer.  - it seems that it would work in real time, at least with figure maxes. not likely for rage increases.
still no tracking number in nyc.
a couple of rules questions. there are several instances where cards or monsters destroy all warriors in a certain province.  do leaders count as warriors? one of the monsters counts as a leader (one of the giants?) does that mean you can have two leaders? as you increase horns and axes does that count for the action phase your in for the figure limit and moving your glory token?
anyone know how or if im still able to get the ram clan? thought i did it as an addon, but i did not
thanks for the info.  wonder if alpharetta, ga is the originating city?  seems to be a suburb of atlanta.  if so, should get it wednesday.
okay the game is as awesome as everybody says.  played the two player game with my brother and we had a great time and played till 3am.  the first two games became lopsided pretty early and so we each conceded and were 1-1.  the last game was very close and see-sawed  back and forth with him finally winning a close game.  it was a real bonding experience for my brother and i which we really needed.  thank you very much coo mini
every time my phone beeps i check my email hoping it is the shipping notification, but so far no such luck.......
anybody in louisiana get theirs yet? i saw some people in texas comment. just wondering.
@delo & sam: shipping carrier seems to be dependent on location within the u.s. i'm in washington state and it's coming from fedex on a very slow truck, as is fedex's style.
david otero losada, it sounds as though edge just bought a bunch of kickstarter copies and is selling them.
delo, it's usps.   us copies are shipping out of atlanta. i just received my copy (it was originally supposed to be delivered saturday, but i had it delivered to work, and the office was closed).  it's in perfect condition, and everything was accounted for.
in the us, what shipping carrier? and what city did it ship out of?
just got mine on the east coast on friday.  was notified of delivery and tracking last tuesday.  delivery was pretty fast, once i received notification.  everything looks really good.  i can't decide if i like fenrir or the giant best.
hi. i've just seen an announcement of the spanish distributor of the game (edge entertainment) and they will be selling a few units of a limited edition of the game. this limited edition includes, besides the core game, the wildboar clan expansion, the wolfman, the mystic troll, the mountain giant, fenrir and the art book. this stuff was supposed to be kickstarter exclusive. this leaves as the only kickstarter exclusive stuff the tokens and nothing more. i am quite concerned about this politic of labeling as kickstarter exclusive and then suddenly turning it into a "you get if for free" (not completely accurate as i have to pay high shipping and handling costs i wouldn't if i bought the spanish version). if you aren't going to respect the label kickstarter exclusive, why not just saying in the begining "free with kickstarter but not exclusive"?
thanks eric!
re-reading the update, i guess it says shipping should be going on in the states until the end of october... i just have to try and be patient somehow.
well i feel relieved that so many others are still waiting.  feels like everyone got theirs last week was starting to get paranoid.
@stevep i thought i had same issue...i am in uk and my box turned up ;-) don't worry
yeah if my box was in the last row of the second container, i'd love to have even a clue as to how close it is to seeing the light of day again lol
it sure would be interesting to see how these orders are being processed.  i guess we never got official confirmation that boat#2 even got their shipment to the distribution center, so that could be part of it. it would just be nice to have some sort of % done update from cmon each week, so we have some general idea about how long it might be instead of just freaking out that our neighbor got theirs already.
no tracking number for my us order yet either.
ah thank you florent
@linus hoglund: it's my understanding, all players loose, fig are sent to valhalla, battle cards are kept, no pillage and no win glory for anyone.
no tracking number email or game yet in va.  my friend who lives less than 1 mile away got their's on friday.
rule question about battle. if there is a tie in a pillage battle. is all considered loosers and all fiures and suporting ships are sent to valhalla? and all get to keep all cards played?
any faq exists for blood rage? i tried it this weekend and had a couple of question about a few battle cards combined behavior. this game itself is super fun
got mine, last thursday, (philadelphia,pa) painted 2 clans, foamcored the box out. to fit everything. playing game day wednesday.
in fact, the pledge manager makes it look like my address isn't confirmed and locked in. i can still edit and pressing "confirm address" changes nothing.
same situation as mason: in taiwan, no tracking number or delivery yet.
still nothing here in uk either
still nothing for apac backer in taiwan. very sad.
still not received mine uk
so i have my kickstarter but the mountain troll has no head. is it meant to be detached
watch it played (which i think's the best channel for game rules) has released a how to play video for bloodrage bloodrage how to play - https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ elias - a total of 145 small card +6 large for the gods -  here is the card count breakdown and sleeving info https://boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/164572/item/4146945#item4146945 @joel - i just hold the mini under the hot tap for 10 seconds with a slow flow. also, the wild boar ks box is also the box for the ks exclusive tokens so it includes stat counters for each clan, the first player token etc, etc for the game
still waiting for tracking number in oregon......boo!
still waiting, while we wait, why not check this out: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/wheelhouse/rivals-masters-of-the-deep-0/description it is now funded, by the houndfish of tindalosss! ;-)
@belisarious. the minis are of some alien indestructible material ... or it's resin.  bag away, they will be fine.
nils hedglin:  thanks.  i actually mispoke.  the army painter spray primer seems to be ok with bones.  it was the privateer press p3 black spray primer that remained tacky indefinitely.   i just tried some army painter grey spray primer on the underside of the base of one of the bloodrage minis and it seems fine so i think i'm good to go.   now to find the time to paint all of these... ;)
got mine friday, played the first game today, very entertaining.  for everyone with questions about bent weapons and bases let me tell you what i do.  the boiling water thing freaks me out, and i have a ton of kids. (little kids + boiling water.....just not something i like to consider.)  i have found using a simple hair dryer will make the plastic pliable in about 45 seconds, and it cools almost as fast.  takes just a couple of minutes to straighten everything and you are good to go. that being said, after the game using only core box i opened the others and noticed a wild boar figure in one of the warrior spots for my ram clan.  has anyone else had this happen?
i thought shipping was going to be faster�
what the card count if you have everything ?!?!?
same here.  still no tracking number.  just outside washington dc here.  :(
ooh! it just showed up in myusps as a label creation :)
arrived in wellington nz, haven't had a chance to do a component count yet, so much stuff!
got my copy in texas this week and played a couple games already and love it! yes, my fire giant's base is warped but not so much that he won't fit in the ring. instructions are clear and well laid out, mini's are gorgeous and distinctive and game play has lots of options. couldn't be happier.
still waiting in pa. no tracking number or anything yet. just sadness and jealousy.
i am. still no tracking in la
anyone still waiting in the us? :(
curt, i had the same problem with the giant’s base. solution was to tie the base flat on something. i used a small jar lid and tied it down with string. once the mini's base is flat, pour very hot water across the base. then as it cools, add cold water then leave it overnight. i even put the end of a peg between his front fist and the base to make him a bit more upright. for storage, i went the easy route. got a box of 15cm by 10cm sandwich bags and was able to bag everything in the game including and 5th player expansion and it all fits in the base box. one bag easily held a clan with its bases and custom clan markers, but put all the spare bases in their own bag. i kept the core monster box and put all the large monsters and two bags of smaller monsters inside it. even the 3 sets of 32 card sleeves fitted perfectly into the sandwich bag.
i received my copy yesterday. i'm hoping to get a two player game in this evening. if not, maybe some day next week. watching tom, sam, zee, and that other guy from the dice tower play this live got me really amped for it. of course those guys' mockery of each other made it just as entertaining.
just arrived in va! thx - looks epic as promised! https://www.facebook.com/skiplipman/posts/10153700298383958…
i got it in yesterday in california. i can't wait to play it
jerel mackay: i can't answer for these blood rage minis, but i have used army painter barbarian flesh spray primer on reaper bones before & it's not left them tacky. the primer finish is kind of smooth, so it was a bit hard to drybrush the figure.  but i've heard you can put a brush-on clear mat paint after the primer to give a base with a bit of "tooth" for subsequent painting.
this game is so beautifull. these minis are awesome. havent played the game yet but it looks fun. so glad i bought this.
had my first game today - awesome! hope conan is as good as this!...
received mine in florida... have not yet opened the core box, but it everything looks great!  the large figures in the individual boxes are real show stoppers!
received in oregon!  looks great can't wait to play.  thanks again
i just ordered http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00w98cv26… (if you have options click on the 72+ tanks option).  most figs should fit.  i'm worried about the spearmen a bit.  the bottom layer you can pull out squares to fit things perfectly.  that should hold the vast majority of the rest of the guys.  i get it tomorrow and will let you know how it goes.
did anyone finish painting fenrir and if so could you post pictures of him? i was thinking of eventually painting him based on the picture on the box he comes in. i just wanted to get some inspiration from anyone who has painted miniatures before and just see how everyone else is painting him.  p.s. i wonder if that hand under the rock  he's chained to could be  the god tyr's hand that fenrir bit off after he was bound and couldn't break free.
my copy arrived today. i didn't have high expectations for this, and am happy to report that i've been pleasantly surprised after an exciting first game.
@curt, use hot water and place the base of the figure in it for a few moments. pull it out and then bend it flat and then put it in some ice water to reset it to that position. same can be done for bent spears, swords and banners.
i don't know if it's been mentioned already (lots of comments, hard to read them all), but... does anyone else have a problem with some of the larger figures having severely warped bases? my fire giant is so warped he doesn't sit straight on a table, he wobbles back and forth. nor can he fit properly inside the base rings. anyone else have this problem? anyone have a solution?
got my copy here in saint louis. so nice i almost called in sick to work.
jj lee: i looked up the old stretch goal for the wildboar clan and there was no listing for cardboard tokens on the inventory list leading me to believe they never intended to create them as that set was a kickstarter exclusive item and they probably figured everyone would just use the 3d tokens as only backers would have those tokens there would be no need for cardboard tokens. the ram clan was a 5th player expansion but was not a kickstarter exclusive item as you had to pay extra to get it and i believe they said it would eventually be available fore sale to the general public. that's why that set has cardboard tokens because the rest of the public would not all have the 3d tokens that the project backers got. hope this helps answer your question. for the glory!
game arrived today. this is an obscene amount of high quality minis, holy f-bombs. sucks with the bent plastic, but easily remedied with some boiling water. now i just need to figure out some kind of storage solution to whittle all umpteen boxes here down to 1 or 2 boxes. awesome job on this kickstarter.
does anyone how if it is safe to use army painter spray primer on the bloodrage minis? i've had issues with reaper bones staying tacky *forever* with a spray primer. i realize these are a harder plastic than the bones minis but wanted to check before i spray (and potentially ruin) them all.... thanks!
blood rage arrived today, fantastic quality, thank you!
so, the first thing we did wasn't play the game. we had a war between myth and blood rage. myth won because odin was drunk and kept rolling 1s when trying to call forth giant trees. thus many small plants were created and trampled underfoot. a rat warrior finally put odin out of his misery...
blood rage is in atlantic canada!  woohoo!
i can't believe i got all this shit for $75. awesome deal. looking over the rulebook now.
i saw a fedex truck pull into my neighbors drive... the excitement was real. the sadness when it drove past mine was realer.
will the art books be coming later? i received everything but the art book i ordered.
i got mine today (nyc) and everything looks great.  one minor complaint, one corner of the top of the box came apart when trying to slip it back on. the box is beautiful and that is why it is so disappointing.
got mine today in tampa fl! cant wait to play. my game box has a crushed corner though who would i contact about that?
happy birthday to me.  got my big box of viking rage... now, it's time to paint.
curse you, fedex, with your non-weekend working, slow-moving ass! a pox upon you!
well just got my box in iowa.... bent spears aplenty....but easy to fix and everything is accounted for....!!!!! can't wait to play!
second box found its way here. totally in nerdvanna!  wish everyone was as competent at kss as cmon.
recieved box in russia. awesome moniatures, but some bent spears and bases =(
ugh...... waiting on the mail man is worse than waiting on that last minute at work before you can clock out for the day.........
doh!  here in northern va and still waiting for my tracking number.  please cmon, tell me how soon i will be getting it.  :(
i just got mine yesterday, haven't had a chance to play yet.
geez, i know there is 2 weeks left in october, but seeing so many people in my general area with the game is very frustrating, especially when i don't even have a tracking number. really wish cmon would post an update about how far through the process of shipping they are.
i've bagged everything, and it all fits in the main box
game turned up in brisbane couple of days ago. i'm onsite for another 10 days so that sux. can't wait to fly home
get my game yesterday in switzerland, after paying 35$ of customs duties :s, the game is awesome, i maid 2 partys yesterday it was incredible, thanks to cmon !
won't be getting the game until after the weekend... it shipped thursday, but it hasn't even left atlanta yet.  so annoying since its only 2 hours away.  oh well, that's the usps for ya.
nothing wrong with bagging them, probably fine even if you did paint them. my xcom is painted and lives fine in baggies.
received game today, well packaged, although some spears are a bit bent. took forever to get through the rules, but after figuring them out, the game is fast and fun with a lot of variety! really excited to play more. one complaint is the player cards are just printed card stock, not actual boards, so i imagine they won't last too long,sadly. the art in this game is phenomenal, though, and am overall super happy with my decision to back. well done on the updates and even sticking relatively close to the estimated delivery! congrats on a great game.
do people think it will be okay just to bag the minis so they all fit in the box. i wont be painting them and they don't seem at all brittle. also, anyone know if the final version of the rule book is available anywhere as a pdf. the rule book on bgg is the alpha version from the ks page.
received one set but ordered two. the second appears to have fallen into a black hole.
one other thing--when all was said and done, i was able to safely fit all of the blood rage contents i received (including the 5th player expansion) into the base game box with room to spare, but using some of the other boxes (gods, mystics, and one of the base game cardboard boxes), the minis are all snug and won't bounce around. storage solution done!
i received my package in ny this afternoon. well packaged and secure! after about an hour of unboxing (may have taken so long because we were cherishing every moment of it) we were up and running with the game in about 30 minutes, and the first game took us about an hour. it was a blast, and we can't wait to play more. the monsters are truly incredible. there's something about adding another character to your roster that's big and has a special power. while the game is lighter than kemet it "fires" kemet because the monsters here flow much more readily. thank you cmon! can't wait for b-sieged, zombicide, and the others! and i'll be back for arcadia quest if you offer the previous base game to the new ks as well!
received in california!
received today in washington, dc.  looks amazing!  one thing i noticed though -- are there no cardboard clan tokens for the wildboar clan?  i know they're not necessary with the 3d tokens provided, but the ram clan came with cardboard tokens so i was just wondering if i'm missing something.
philip beach: just contact  cool mini or not on their website and go through their customer service representatives. i'm sure they will send you a replacement piece for the one your missing. good luck.     for the glory!
got the game and it looks great. only problem is i am missing a figure from the main game. who can i contact about it?
jeroen ninjacat: true all the clans start at he same strength but its just cool to have different clans because each one looks unique in there own way as each is patterned after a different animal.  my favorite is the ram clan as green is my favorite color and i just love the horn design on there helmets.
finally got my tracking number... but now i have to wait until wednesday for delivery :(  ugh the agony!
sweet, sweet, tracking number.... you've finally arrived...
@steven, yeah found them thanks! :) not really sure what's the worth of the wildboar clan now that all the clans are exactly the same though..
have my tracking number was going to arrive today but now will maby arrive tomorrow......
mine arrived yesterday!
jeroen ninjacat: the exclusive clan tokens are in the wild boar clan  boxed set along with the other exclusive tokens promised. hope that helps.
and... at the risk of sounding repetitive.  still not received my copy.  cumbria is a real place.  honest. i know it's easy to drive on by, keeping it on the left, while on the way to scotland, but please pop in.  i'll even make you a cup of tea!
got mine just now - glad i noticed it on the porch with the cool big box and the sticker saying blood rage on the outside...don't want someone pillaging that from my porch!  so much stuff!  very cool - and now trying to confirm i got everything - looks like it, but wishing i had a checklist or something to be sure. can't wait to play it now!
got mine ! everything looks amazing !
man i'm getting worse... not having a tracking number and knowing people in my area that have got copies... i'm jumping out of my seat every time i hear a diesel engine pass my house.. and i live next to a school bus depot...
in what box are the plastic clan tokens? i got an "5th player extras" box with 4 plastic ram clan tokens.. but i dont see the other clans. :p
received my pledge today in the west suburbs of chicago, huge amount of minis, looks great!  my only problem is that pandemic legacy arrived yesterday and there is only so much time in the weekend.
i got my big box today. blood rage is awesome. i think this is my favorite all time kickstarter. the sculpts are excellent as good as anything. i especially like the huge figures but the humans are equally as well done. great job guys and a great price for all this excellent stuff!
pa here - i missed seeing my notification yesterday, and walked out the door today to a large box on my porch. can't open it until after work, but i'll check out tonight to make sure everything's there. so excited though
i just got an email from cmon with my tracking number. i already picked it up at the post office on tuesday, though. :)  will finally get to play it for the first time tomorrow!
blood rage in stl area. got my notice yesterday, delivered today. can't wait to get home and bust it open.
mine should be on my porch when i get home! it was just shipped yesterday, but i'm only in savannah, so i'm not very far away from cmon hq.
still waiting for a tracking #. keep updating my cmon pledge receipt page, and my fedex page....
@dale c tray - keep an eye out for an early delivery! they just updated mine and said it's out for delivery today as opposed to tomorrow. hopefully you have the same luck :)
a large package was just delivered to me at work (in illinois). opened it with another fellow gamer in the room. all that i can say is awesome!!! can't wait to start painting this weekend...
me too!!!!! i'm like a dog at the window.
every time i hear a slight noise i my porch i go running to the door hoping it's fedex.  so far... three squirrels and some jehovah's witnesses. so much sadness.
got my tracking number! can't wait to play!
@linus, that should be correct if i remember the bgg thread correctly.
i bought everything for the game. now i tried figure out how many cards it should be in total. the addon boxes doesn't tell what they contain, and forgot to count. i have 46 cards with "2" on the back, i have 46 with "3" i have 47!! with "1" (+5 mystic cards and 6 god cards) is this correct?!
jason, i'm about an hour south of you. momence il. i received my shipment yesterday. although my shipment didn't go through chicago, but from southern illinois. so some illinois people did get their shipment.
would be nice to have another shipping update today from cmon.  still waiting for a tracking number in chicago il. it is rather frustrating seeing so many reports of people receiving their copies and not even having tracking information since it's possible it might be another week after receiving that anyhow. please cmon, how about an update on what percent of us copies are shipped out.  thanks.
still waiting on tracking in michigan.   hopefully mine arrives soon as i am scheduled to run it at a local convention.
*in hawkes bay
got mine today inhwakes bay, nz. awesome detail on the minis.
warning - 4 hours to get sword and sorcery earlybird. omg, this game is outstanding, played 3 times already. \o/
my firegiant's base was bent but was able to fix it. just tied it tight to the top of a jar lid (wrapped string around base and jar lid) then slowly poured hot / boiling water across the base then cold and left overnight. used the opportunity to put the end of a peg under his front fist to make him stand upright a bit more. looks good now. for the 2 with bent spears i might tie the spears to a match stick and do the hot water (not boiling) again.
delivery on saturday. now for the wait...
@nathan yeah i am scheduled to receive mine tomorrow. fingers crossed. glad to hear that the minis are amazing.
got mine today right before work, sadly i didn't have the time to enjoy it until now.  i am still amazed at how awesome the minis look.  can't wait to play it, hopefully this weekend.
@ jennifer   eeeeew....... you ate the troll head...gross...   i know the troll was a yummy looking miniature, but come on , what did he do to deserve the head munching?    lol    it probably rolled under the coach.  did you find it?
got ours today and it is amazing. i cannot wait to paint all the figures and to try the game out this weekend. only concern is that our mystic troll appears to be missing his head. wasn't able to find it anywhere in the box... :\
received mine today in saskatchewan, canada! amazing components, wow!
@michael griswold, also in tampa area. mine is due here saturday
so taranaki wins! mine still just say 'arrived in nz'.
thanks alex, that makes sense.
i got my tracking number to nyc a couple hours ago. they're saying it will arrive tomorrow. my little geek head is spinning.
@rova my understanding is that that's the phase of shipping that you are in (versus those who backed later who are in phase 2).
just got mine today. ^_^
i've just received a tracking number for a fedex delivery to washington state next thursday.
mine said the same thing rova. i just checked my tracking number through in my case fedex but you may have a different mail carrier depending who they used to ship to you.
tampa bay area, got my tracking number today. coming 3 day priority via usps.
my shipping notice said, "phase #1 of blood rage is on its way to you".  does that mean this game is shipping in two waves?
got mine in the post today, in taranaki, new zealand :)
got my tracking # in los angeles, ca. delivery wed. next week. oh, had to be camel hump day! :d
still no sign of anything here in taiwan apac,  anyone in apac got their copies?
nyc
just got my tracking #. fedex will drop off my copy on saturday! yes!!!!
got mine yesterday ! thank you  =)
dam me... i just noticed i did not accept pledge... (yes i know i am a noob) if just now accepted it how long can i expect it will take to get shipment if even i am going to get it in this shipment...
just got a tracking number, here in oregon.
got my tracking number for miami!!!!! but then i have to wait for me to bring it to argentina.... :(
just got tracking #, in north texas. whoo hoo. it will be a happy birthday after all.
got my stuff in the mail today in ca. havent opened yet. but looking forward to playing it later tonight.
just got my fedex tracking #. north coast california. can't wait.
no shipment notification for me yet. feelsbad man :(
kurt, contact cmon at their site if they screwed up your order in packing the game. they should be able to straighten it out just tell them what is missing and they should send you a replacement piece for the error (i believe you can still play with what you do have until they straighten it out. good luck.     for the glory!
just got my tracking number... (iowa) should be here tomorrow! !
just received tracking information to brazil, indiana.
i know it's really frustrating when you see others getting a game you backed on kickstarter before you do. but just think of all those exclusives  they wont get  because they weren't a backer and you were.  as far as shipping of the game don't be upset with cmon they only ship the game they don't decide when it will get there based on what number backer you were. trust me be patient it will arrive. the game is well worth the wait believe me.
btw just got my tracking number to miami, it should arrive tomorrow
@kurt, they are a little slow but i guess the will give you those fives copies as a gift and then send you the correct items, that happend a lot with zombicide 3
got mine today. opened the core set... and there's a packing mistake. ended up with five copies of one of the raven clan warriors and only three of the other. crap. if this were ffg, i wouldn't be too concerned - their customer service is top-notch. anyone had any previous experience with cmon along these lines?
i must say. i am s little disappointed. i attended gencon and watched several people buy the game that i had already paid for and have yet to receive. i  am backer 9xx out of 9xxx. people all over the world have been getting their game for a while now. and i am about 3 hours drive from cmon and still nothing. :( it seems like this great game is never going to get here. (i'm not even going to talk about my dungeon saga pledge of $300!! at least this game is "close" to arriving.) :)
i must say. i am s little disappointed. i attended gencon and watched several people buy the game that i had already paid for and have yet to receive. i  am backer 9xx
i think mine was on it's way; but the email (and the pledge website) all show they shipped b-sieged: sons of the abyss instead of blood rage (http://imgur.com/a/1nyqm). i assume it just got flagged wrong; but to make things worse, i live in buffalo new york and the tracking information shows the package is on a truck in california for delivery. no new game for me this weekend... i've sent an email but not heard anything back yet. did anyone else see any weirdness with the communication about tracking information?
pressureman, mine just hit the country too, guess the race is on!
the inclusive clan tokens are in the exclusive wild boar clan box as well as all other inclusive tokens. the inclusive ram clan tokens are in the  5th player extras box.
was away for a week (family obligations over thanksgiving...), just got back today to find a box with blood rage / cool mini or not on the side.  now this box is massive, and i was thinking that it had to be mostly packing nuts or those little air pocket thingies. nope!  hot damn, i didn't realize just how many unlocks and extras would be in there.  i now look forward to spending the next five or six workdays unpacking and marveling at everything as i pretend to do my job.
north queensland, aus. check! had our first game last night. little slow at first (and got my ass whooped) but super keen for another game
in the 5th player expansion box mate
i didn't see the ks inclusive clan tokens-are they in the base box (i haven't opened that yet...)
@steven e. bigness, thanks for the hair dryer tip. i will definitely try that. i also read a few comments suggesting hot and cold water method. will have to maybe try both and see which i prefer.
just received mine auckland new zealand :)
got mine on tuesday. we're trying the first game tomorrow night after class!
haven't received any tracking yet but that clearly doesn't mean much based on these comments. could find it waiting for me when i get home, could get it in 2 weeks. would be nice to know which
hello, i just got my copy of blood rage today.  i am super excited to play.  i went through all the boxes and noticed that the ship, with the green sail, is missing from the 5th player expansion. please help!
it arrived. everything inventoried...everything is here. a few bent spears, but hot water fixed them. the fire giant base doesn't snap into the color bases (is not deformed, just not big enough to fit). also, one of the ram clan warriors doesn't snap into the color bases. other than those two issues, everything looks great.
got it! excellent! great game and excellent miniatures! glad i was able to contribute and look forward to more games, except for my wallet, not looking forward it.  eric and crew you really have a good thing going!!!
my parcel is out for delivery in auckland nz, will be in my hand in just a couple of hours:)
the parcel is out for delivery, i can't wait to get back home tonight.  yukon, canada
got my copy in texas, usa today.  everything looks awesome!   looking forward to playing this weekend!
just wanted to say thanks to eric lang and the rest if the team at cool mini or notot. thanks for creating an awesome game with awesome miniatures!
fyi. sorry evan dunn i almost forgot.  the package originated in norcross georgia according to my tracking information. i hope this helps. hope you get it soon too.  happy gaming!
another batch painted, in case anyone's interested ;-) https://www.facebook.com/groups/miniatureboardgames/permalink/895780693846844/
by odin's beard! it's finally here!  blood rage arrived in schenectady n.y. a little before 10am this morning. i received everything promised the game looks fantastic! only minor problem was some spears on the figures were slightly bent as well as thor's hammer being slightly bent. i used the  ole hair dryer trick to straighten them and it worked. just make sure you do it very gently as the plastic gets soft very quickly if you hold too close to the hair dryer. once i straightened them i held in that position while blowing on them five or six times and they look fine now. (even thor hammer was fixed). most of these were minor bends in the spears and hammer and were easily fixed. not sure how this will work for extreme bends in the spears or other figures weapons.  good luck. and happy gaming everyone!
@evan  alpharetta, ga us is the point of origin on my tracking info.
just received my copy of the game (woodstock ga)!  no tracking number received but came via usps just as a heads up for others.
played my first game last night with 2 players.  was a lot of fun.  everything was pretty straight forward and there wasn't a lot of going back to check the rule book.  only the ragnarok tokens seemed kind of strange to us.  the rule book says they go face up on the age sheet and put the doom token on whatever area is going to be destroyed next.  we both thought it might be more interesting if the tokens were face down so you didn't know ahead of time.
for people in the ny area, where did the tracking number say the package originated from?
got mine in canada (ab). super excited to play and great job on the packaging!  love the little items are boxed and how secure everything was in box. opening it tonight!
mine is on the truck, out for delivery. so...this afternoon.
@doomtheflame i feel the same way my friends got theirs and i didn't yet this part of the waiting process stinks friends getting it and you haven't yet but when you get its always worth it love cmon games
received my box yesterday (houston tx).  looking forward to playing it, and the minis look great!
received yesterday (10/14) buffalo, ny    everything looks amazing.  i definitely want to give this a try this weekend.  :-)
hugin ,and munin  odin's loyal raven scouts just reported back with some news about my package. according to them it's on a fedex delivery truck in rensselaer n.y. out for delivery. as i'm in schenectady, n.y.  it should arrive today just not sure when today. i'm sure i'm not the only package that truck is delivering so it might arrive later today. i have the day off from work today so i'll be waiting intently and will post when it arrives.
thanks guys, mine arrived today in all its glory (adelaide).
kinda thinking they forgot me three of my colleagues at work received theirs. please remember me please
tracking info says that my box has arrived in nz.  think i'll be hurrying home from work tomorrow to see whether its been delivered!
got mine in texas. parts all seem to be there, although i didn't go and count all the cards.
waited for the dhl-truck yesterday but none show up. call them and ask if the box is on its way or not. they can't find the package in the system and don't really know where it is. fantastic.....
still no sight nor sound of my package i'm in the uk.should i be worried
i try send emails, fb messages, 2 days left but still no reply, getting worrier : (
it's still possible, you'll just get it super late. better contact them and get on it quick though.
help! yesterday i found that i didn't confirmed my blood rage pledge, now i already pay and confirmed, so i can still get my order right??? : (
if you want to sleeve the card, her is a copyed text from boardgamegeek: this game contains two sizes of cards. standard cards: number of cards: 102 arcane tinmen sleeve size: mini - orange (at-10405, 100/pack) - (41 x 63mm) fantasy flight sleeve size: mini american - yellow (ffs01, 50/pack) - (1-5/8” x 2-1/2” - 41 x 63mm) mayday sleeve size: mini usa - yellow: standard (mdg-7039, 100/pack) or premium (mdg-7075, 50/pack) - (41 x 63mm) mtl sleeve size: soft mus (mtl141, 100/pack) or thick mus (mtl241, 50/pack) - (41 x 63mm) swan panasia sleeve size: mini chimera: standard (swn-004, 160/pack) or premium (swn-501, 100/pack) - (43 x 65mm) thai boardgame sleeve size: #8 for 42x64mm cards (120/pack) ultimate guard sleeve size: mini american: premium (ugd010280, 50/pack) or supreme (ugd010102, 50/pack) - (44 x 67mm) ultra-pro sleeve size: mini american - blue (82662, 50/pack) - (41 x 63mm) large cards (god cards): number of cards: 0 mayday mdg-7100 (70x122mm) sleeves are too narrow for these cards. fantasy flight sleeve size: tarot - orange (ffs66, 50/pack) - (2-3/4" x 4-3/4" - 70 x 120mm) mtl sleeve size: thick bst (mtl270, 75/pack) - (70 x 120mm) swan panasia sleeve size: blue moon: standard (swn-041, 150/pack) or premium (swn-513, 75/pack) - (70 x 120mm) thai boardgame sleeve size: blue moon + elder sign for 70x120mm cards (65/pack) ultimate guard sleeve size: tarot: premium (ugd010281, 50/pack) or supreme (ugd010104, 50/pack) - (73 x 122mm)
another week is gone and i still don't have the game, tracking nr or any answer from support service. some people (also in my country) has received 3 weeks ago... keep waiting but it begins to be annoying. the worst thing is to be ignored by support service
@ rene mine said the same thing but everything was in the one shipment.
@d how many bent spears did you have? @cmon thanks for the response!
received in ottawa, canada thank you!
sorry to hear that j h, happy birthday!   my birthday as well today and no email on shipping in washington state. hopefully soon!
received in canada 2015-10-14. unboxed; really impressed with the final product. i am excited to run the first game. great job team. royally impressed with the customer support. "5 stars"
still waiting in iowa....
received my tracking number today, arriving on friday in canada
thanks for the links thomas, may have to do that. i'll try a mix of boxes and box lids with foam but would like to do something like the following as it should be able to fit into the same box. https://boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/162671/28greens-collection-foam-board-inserts https://www.reddit.com/comments/2dxcbv
package arriving tomorrow in pa.
brian, i'm in brooklyn, but no tracking notice or arrival yet.
still no shipping notice... looks like it's gonna be a sad sad birthday this year... :-(
anyone else receive their shipping notification from ckpm with a link to fedex tracking but with no actual tracking number?
@eric roberts (technicolortaco) : thanks , i know that rule about the card that is not battle card, but my question is : if i had play all my cards so i have no cards in hand can i still pillage, with no playing card or not. cause in the rule it is said that all player "choose and play a card" not "have to choose and play a card" ...  so what do you (or others) think about it ...  i asked the question  in the case that @eric lang would be here to answer ^^ :)
my shipping notice says "shipment phase #1 of blood rage is on its way..."  is there going to be a second shipment?  i didn't find anything in comments saying anything so i'm wondering if it's a typo  also is there a list somewhere of everything that we are supposed to get?
boo, the delivery requires a signature which means it went back to the post office and won't be available for pick up until tomorrow :/
october 14th is xmas this year! amazing box set, amazing quality, amazing ks campaign. thank you coolminiornot.
received shipping notification here in los angeles yesterday. game arriving saturday.
same, nothing yet here in pa.  we were probably all on that second boat.  the wait is killing me but i know it's worth it.
still no tracking or package in la. holding out hope for the belated tracking notice that's been reported by many.
still no shipping info for me here in nc, very sad by that.  i hope mine isn't one that ships out till nearly the end of the month, i was very excited for this.
just got mine this morning in minnesota. like many have already said, i'm blown away by the quality... and all these dang boxes. so many boxes!!!
@david dd when you pillage, do you need to have card(s) in your hand or can you pillage without cards (so no attack bonuses) ... can't find it in the rules and this already happened 2 times to me ...? can someone help me please ?? if you pillage and someone else steps in to try to stop you, you have to play a card. it does not, however, have to be a battle card. it can be any card, and there are some upgrades that play off of that. normally though, if you play a non-battle card, it counts as a +0. if you win the battle, you still lose whatever card it is, and if you lose you get the card back, as normal.
has anyone in ny received their copy? i am up near albany and have been waiting patiently....
just got it delivered (montreal, qc). it feels like christmas!
some background and a few questions.  i'm currently taking some longer courses and consequently i'm away from home for several months. so a little while after the kickstarter ended (well before the last production models were done) i changed my shipping address on cmon's kickstarter pledge manager site, so i could get the game shipped to my temporary address. however, i just found out that the two boxes containing the game and expansions have been shipped to my normal address (the kickstarter default address i guess). i have a friend who checks my mail box intermittently (since all of my other mail has been rerouted) and he found the two "failed delivery" notes for the packages. he then went to the post office with a "power of attorney" note from me, so he could pick up the packages. unfortunately it was too late, as the packages had been sent back to the sender (cmon's german hub i presume, since the return country was germany) that very same day. now, this shouldn't have happened, since i changed my shipping address well in advance, so... questions: what do i do now? which email do i write to sort this out? should i await the packages arriving back in germany and a notification from cmon?
i received mine last night-it looks nice-i haven't checked in detail but it looks like it's all there.  basically base game-i large expansion & 2 small with the large monster individual minis-will play on week-end
california. got my shipping notice yesterday, leaving norcross,  ga. expected delivery on saturday.
that feeling when you get a tracking number, it projects a friday delivery and then an hour later changes to saturday. :( i was hoping for a fun gaming friday night.
also got it in georgetown, ontario - got a tracking number the same day but fortunately someone was home to receive.  looks great!
us: what city does your fedex tracking indicate it's shipping from?  i have a fedex email, but not sure what it is.
received yesterday, calgary albeta
@christopher little if you have missing parts, please contact support@cmon.com so we can help you with that. thank you!
got mine, a week ago-poland. the stuff is great, figures are better then i expected, a lot of bended spears, axes etc. but hot-cold water method work it very well. thanks cmon.
looks like my game is out for delivery... along with 3 different non-boardgame orders i've made in the last week. going to have a pile of boxes at my door when i get home lol.
got my package and already played it a couple of time ... and love it !! but i 've got a question about the rules, and hope someone here (or eric lang/thiago ) can answer : when you pillage, do you need to have card(s) in your hand or can you pillage without cards (so no attack bonuses) ... can't find it in the rules and this already happened 2 times to me ...?  can someone help me please ??
are the colored discs available on their own?  not a big issue at all, but my wildboar clan is short two.
@belisarius: http://imgbin.org/index.php… https://boardgamegeek.com/filepage/122852/tuckbox-all-small-cards
@belisarius: you can make a tuck box for the cards: http://www.cpforbes.net/tuckbox/ custom inserts... how do you make those?
@howard zhang, thanks for the tips, i had not heard of using a hot air dryer. also i do not have experience fixing minis which i simply don't think a customer should have to do. my biggest contention is that the amount of bent minis and the ways in which they are bent shows me that the manufacturer did not let the plastic cool or cure long enough before packaging them.  likewise as you said, "lots of bends" but literally nearly all of mine are bent. most are fixable but others i don't think are (the s bends).
opened mine and all looks good. so much stuff. 10 boxes … 8 different box sizes. for the most part all okay, just a few bent spears. badly bend base on the fire giant so that it won't go into the colored base. will see if i can straighten it with hot water. one quibble is the card tray is not quite deep enough to hold the cards once they're unwrapped. once sleeved, it will not be deep enough to hold them even though there is a lot of room for the insert to have been deeper. will definitely need to find a way to get the stuff into the box using custom inserts.
tracking is showing the delivery for tomorrow. rarely does fedex change their delivery times (for me, in my experience, at least) so i am taking the day off work tomorrow. hopefully the tracking will stay with what it is saying and will be here tomorrow.
no tracking nr yet btw.
just got a call from dhl, they will deliver tomorrow - sweden
melbourne australia, received today, always excited with the amount of content included in cmon kickstarters!!!
congrats caleb!  all the best for tomorrow! arrived in brisse today, looks awesome and i'm looking forward to playing a game this friday night.
*sigh* got my eta email from australia post. friday. getting married tomorrow. guess i'll play after the honeymoon (i'm certainly not complaining about the getting married thing). enjoy it everyone!
being in south africa i get worried about people forgetting about me but since shipping is continuing till the end of the month i suppose i should relax.
i got my stuff but the box has been damaged and the art book has crinkles on loads of pages.  anyone else had similar?  the minis are all ok though and there's nothing missing.
arrived in sydney oz, and unpacking now. the miniatures are better than i imagined, thank you cmon. the large figures are really nice!
@micheal hi, sorry to hear what you feel about the minis, but i think it is the most common condition for plastic minis? especially the thin weapons, i got lots of bents as well. anyways, it is really easy to fix, just heat the minis with hot water or a dryer (i prefer the dryer), bend them back, straighten them then cold down within cold water. (or you knew this all along and still feel unacceptable with the bents in which case just ignore me)
arrived in melbourne! now to get it to a meetup
well all that excitement fell off a cliff!!! 12 of 12 spear wielding reg minis are bent, 3 of 3 spear or sword monsters (bent), 5 of 6 shamans staves; even the sitting odin has a freaking s bend in his spear! we're not just talking bent by shipping! 2 of the raven clan spear tip up minis have s bends, 1 is banana shaped; of the spear tip down all of the handles (top part of the spear) are warped in various directions and not even close to being straight. honestly cmon, disgusting! dare i even open the second game? i guess i'll have to just to measure the carnage before filing a full complaint/request for replacements. other people mentioned having one or two bent spears which would be acceptable. my first set is an insult to your qaqc department.
i like how the tracking number arrived my email the same time my package arrived the door. this is the best shipment i have ever had among all hundreds of minis & games i have bought :p
squeeee. arrived sydney, oz. happy unpacking.  ;o)
i have received mine today in baie-comeau, québec, canada.  the big monsters are big!
i got my shipping notice today and my two copies of blood rage! !!!! rrrrrraaaaaaa fist pumps of over geeked joy! especially because i live in the frozen north aka edmonton, alberta.
just got shipping notice for nj.. but it says shipment #1.. is this a 2 phase fulfillment?.. thought it was all coming as 1 shipment
@steven boom hey steve, yeh got first tracking email last thursday, update yesterday to say it was processed at chullora nsw. then another tracking update 5am today, delivered 11am in canberra today!
tracking, rather
still waiting for my shipping :(  central ny here.
@steve boom - yeah i got my tracking number last thursday. it got updated yesterday midday to say it has been picked up and is now showing as in-transit. coming to wa so will take 4-5 working days so i may get it early next week i'm guessing.
tracking number received, san francisco bay area.
i received tracking detail from australia post last thursday and it has yet to be updated and nothing's been delivered. anyone else in australia had this happen?
montreal canuck here too. received the package prior to the email :)  looking forward to my 1st game.
no tracking number email or anything in the pledge manager yet.  if they are shipping them from or near there office in alpharetta ga i could save them some money and just come pick it up. ;-)
received my package about 15 minutes after the tracking number, in montreal, canada.  this game is truly a masterpiece. best kickstarter to date!
*neighbour
wow my number got his tracking today at 14:00 and his box at 16:00 and i have yet to have gotten my tracking i guess they dont ship according to postal code (zip)
woohoo! just received my tracking number in minnesota! i usually hate fedex, they are the slowest.. it says 4 day delivery though, has anyone had luck with fast deliveres? did cmon get us a deal on expedited shipping?
... and the tracking number 2 hours later...:-) better late than never.
i received my package in ottawa this morning, then got a tracking number a few hours later. everything looks good.
got my tracking number today, schenectady, new york (u.s.a.) shipped through fedex. estimated delivery date this  thursday  october 15th luckly i'm off from work that day. i'll be watching closely for my delivery with odin's all seeing eye!
got my tracking number, southwest michigan (usa). shipped via fedex.
just got my copy here in alberta, got it the same day that i received my tracking# :). can't wait to try it out with my board game group.
got my copy today in vancouver. super happy no tracking number.
i'll probably be dropping scythe as well, might pick it up at retail eventually though. too many good games to back lately, need a break.
received my copy today in montreal. everything looks amazing.
got it in gatineau!
@kass - i would use the contact us button and i know they have floated an email before....
@gem - looks at it, backed it, realized it is not my type of game and dropped it... :)
just got my tracking number en route to oregon!
i am at the office & just received a delivery confirm that my package is on my doorstep in toronto area canada.  looking forward to this...
@bill "wystan"c thanks for the answer mate ! but where can i find cmon email ?
everyone is shipment one.
hi @bill. i see you backed gloomhaven. have you seen scythe yet? looks appealing.
@kass - email cmon... but see below: creator coolminiornot about 1 hour ago hi all, please note a few things:  we will be filling parts requests after we have completed shipping the usa and row orders.
@gem - hello again... :)
i received my package but unfortunately i have a missing miniature in the 5th expansion player, ( the one with the 2 hammers) anybody knows how i should ask for a this missing part ?
ok. read the comment below. should have appeared as a brief update. would have solved that whole issue. still am curious about bill's question though.
1. i second @bill's question. 2. does anyone else's tracking number not exist with fedex? does that mean it hasn't been picked up or scanned or is it just cmon gave me the wrong info?
my email says shipment phase #1... what is shipment phase #2? :)
still no response om the colour difference on cards from base set vs expansion. wil check this weekend for missing components. probably my luck too for having a bad batch and missing stuff.
canada, i received my tracking number today and my parcel is scheduled to arrive on the 21st.  if everything goes well vikings should reach the yukon by the end of this week.  fingers crossed
package arrived this morning, a few minutes after opening the box, the tracking # appeared in my inbox. trying to figure how to put all these figures into one box and still appear to be organized. 8)
package just came in the door. brantford ontario.
got my shipping notice in toronto canada, i checked it, apparently is was delivered today. let see when i get home
apparently mine was shipped on the 9th, should get it tomorrow or thursday!
wooo just got tracking #! (canada)
hi all, please note a few things:  we will be filling parts requests after we have completed shipping the usa and row orders. also: today we will be shipping a large number of pledges out. these are being taken directly from our warehouse to the sorting facilities for both usps and fedex by us. this means we will be uploading tracking numbers for all the pledges that are shipping, however these numbers won't be active or give you any info until the packages have been taken in by the delivery service. this usually happens immediately by the delivery pick-up drivers, but in this case it may take some time for the facility to scan the boxes in. what this means: you may get an email notifying you that you have a tracking number, but this tracking number may not display any info. this is not an error, please wait a day or two and continue to check for it to update. it should eventually update your with your delivery status. thanks,  spencer
@crushermike @cédric received my package this morning at 8, just got my tracking number (2:30 pm). cmon did warn that there was a delay before they could forward our tracking numbers to us, and it's not the first time i experience this with ks deliveries. just know that they're being shipped and they'll be home soon :)
@anthor and @ole ingvar stene: i'm located in hurum near drammen. far from trondheim and hexcon unfortunately.
@anyone that has a copy of the game....is mystic troll supposed to come with two cards or one?
@cédric non, et c'est normal car poste canada envoi les colis en express et cmon n'ont pas le temps de recevoir et de renvoyer les tracking # avant la reception du colis. il y a bien un tracking # sur la boite.
ragnarok has arrived in québec, canada. totally awesome! packaging impeccable, everything accounted for. the book is magnificent. the monsters are so big. its absolutely stunning. another great cmon ks well fulfilled. thanks a lot!
@cedric, non aucun tracking
i got my copy in canada today, no tracking number.
@ole ingvar stene: i live in bærum. don't think i will have time for a trip to trondheim right now, but i'm sure it would have been fun. i bet blood rage will be a huge success at the con. :) i'm definitely looking forward to play it with my group. oh, and i got double the tax, cause it was in two boxes...heh. wonder if it would've been half if they had a box twice the size?
À tous les québécois qui ont reçu leur colis : avez-vous été prévenus d'une manière ou d'une autre avant la réception ? merci.
ragnarok has come to the viking realms! and just as a first impression quickly looking through the contents, this might be the best looking cmon game yet. the details on the minis are well beyond what i expect in a boardgame, even one from cmon. can't wait to play this! @helix & anthor - i got the tax as well. where are you guys at? any of you going to hexcon next month? i'll be there, running cmon games all weekend.
two notes*
@helix: i live in norway too, and when i read your post while i was at work, it gave me hope! sure enough, when i got home and checked my mail box, there were to notes there(i ordered two games).  i've been carrying my car keys in my pocket for 3 weeks now, just waiting for this moment. i get home from work at around 4:40pm and the post office closes at 5. i have no time to walk up to my apartment at 5th floor to get them. i was just in time to pick up two big boxes of awesomeness and i've just unpacked. looking great so far and i can't wait for next game night!
received mine today in montreal, canada. opened the big box but will check everything tonight
2-day shipping via fedex?
got my box :d (ri)  walked into work today and i had 2 kickstarters sitting on my desk
received my game!!!!! usa, specifically kansas city, missouri.
@bruno v. when did you receive your tracking number? still got none :(.
game just came in in canada (québec). the boxes are in great condition, but i'll open them later.
got a big box in sweden a few days ago! well done!
helix@ the fee to be part of eu isn't a picnic either.
also in apac, no shipping info yet. any reason to be concerned?
yeah, a big box of ragnarok madness is now waiting for me at the post office (norway). there's an additional import fee of 369 nok (approx 43 usd) applied by customs. it's a pain to be outside the eu with international orders...
package arrived in qld australia today (same day as aust post notification). game looks excellent - top job cmon!
received a tracking number from auspost on friday, received a great big box of vikings today (tuesday), south east queensland!!
@christopher: i think columbus day may have thrown us on that.
same for japan. no delivery yet nor any notification. surprised it takes so long from china to japan.
apac still no tracking numbers,  no games....
yeah being given a tracking number has made things worse, not better! haha.
notification received in auckland this morning, it's annoying i find the closer i get to receiving it the more excruciating the wait! can't wait to finally get it:)
so...anyone in the us get their shipping notification today? i have not seen anyone say much at all this evening.
i'm always mildly annoyed whenever i get something sent to me via fedex, as has happened with several cmon projects. as a competitor to the postal service, you would think they would exceed, or at least meet, the post office's standard. if we can't get 7 days of domestic delivery, can we at least get six? and what's worse, i've seen, via tracking, fedex just leaving packages for days at a time, apparently waiting for more packages because it's too much bother to fulfill contacts. in conclusion, not angry at cmon, fedex can get bent.
another shipping notification received in wellington,  nz
@eric roberts oh i know. i'd just love to not be back of the line :)
@will godar, with the amount of packages they will be sending out from atlanta, that seems like a pretty reasonable time frame to me...
@will godar i got my tacking number a couple of days after i got my package here in denmark, don't expect to get tracking before after you get you package :)
i'm only in the us for a few weeks. i sincerely hope that mine is sent within that time frame. otherwise, i won't be able to get this game for a while. i should have had it sent to my home in asia. curse cmon and the vague shipping charge for most of asia. :/
i hope the us update is just worst case. i'd hate to still be waiting for tracking info 3 weeks after the first games shipped.
had my first few real games this weekend, 3 and 4 people. runs smoothly and people were happy with it. we used mystics of midgaard but could easily have left them out and added them at a later date to spice game up... clan upgrades, clan upgrades and more clan upgrades :)
ok just got my shipping notification �
i live in nz and haven't received my copy, latest update says that they've finished shipping in nz ???
for those waiting on a response on missing components i just got an email asking for a shipping address 12 days after i contacted them. probably should have included that in the first emailed them, doh. anyway hang in there, seems like they are getting to missing parts now.
bennet, just got my shipping notification email. i'm in wellington. nz.
@shayne j, my email was from ckpm admin. the subject read: ckpm notification: blood rage
@shayne j, my email was from ckpm admin. the subject read: ckpm notification: blood rage
got this game 9.10.15 (finland) - all was what i expected, but: god miniatures don't please me. yellow material does not show details much. odin-figure felt smaller than other miniatures while sitting on throne. when doing first tests with game it feels really good! combining now all together.
i have never refreshed my email more feverishly than i have in the last few days waiting on shipment notification.  i might need a new f5 key soon, the ink's rubbing off.
considering the second ship is heading into the atlantic, it seems like the second container is on shore in savannah. fingers crossed it's in customs for less than a week so our games can make our way to us quickly! ragnarok is coming!
anyone in the states have their game yet? it looks like i would've had mine today if not for the "holiday".
john battle, seriously, the card is pretty straight foward. there is no room for interpretation.
arrived in canberra this morning. everything present and accounted for. very few bent miniatures. very happy. now to organise the first game!
seems like the row don't yet have the game, most likely we are on the last shipment :(
thank you!  just a quick note from australia to say i've been blown away with the work put into this project and was quite overwhelmed when the big box hit today.  aside from a few bendy axes which i'll 'hot-water' back in place, it's hard to know what could be improved.  amazing - and you can really feel the love that was poured into this game.
do any nz backers have anything to report? impatiently waiting for mine in auckland!
@sibowitz i got an initial tracking email through aus post, it then notified me i'd get delivery tuesday, then notified monday and then delivered this morning. what's the best way to unbend spears? hot water then cold water trick?
phil, richard smith and walkerbloke, looks like we are in minority of uk folks yet to receive theirs. lots of friends on facebook happily displaying and playing theirs.
@david - silly question or not, na i'm a normal one. thanks for reply though, now i have a bit of reason to be concerned. did you get a tracking number or mail notification?
i just realised that aetherworks (australian ks fulfillment company) is just down the road (10min drive) from my house. it's been sitting in the postal service for the last four days! arrrggggh:)
@sibowitz, i got notified of lodgement with aus post on thursday, nothing since.
received in melbourne, game looks quality, only one or two bent spears which are easily fixed. very happy indeed. a curse on those striking customs officers though.
adelaide here, all excellent
very happy boy here, everything is schweeeeet, thank you very much for all involved in this from those that made the game to those that backed it so we could get all this sweet mini's
@john battle only monsters count their str in battle with wolfman thus your warriors don't count their str. otherwise the wolfman would be too overpowered, agree?
did you sydney receivers get an email with tracking details from aust post ?  was it updated ?
damn you sydney, i need it in melbourne!
another happy sydney recipient here. thanks! :)
yep just received the box in sydney as well, got it at work :)
my copy just arrived in sydney, and now for the agonising wait to go home and open it...
for us backers. what does the tracking email look like? who was it from? i got one from usps but no info other than the number was submitted.
@angelripper: thanks for the details and the list. :-)
@ john battle  still waiting for my game (canada) but based on this  http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/1445269/wolf-monster-card, i would say that you're correct! wolfmen just fear other monsters, cards... and silver:-)! make sense non?
but it seems you get everything from the german store in the us feldherr amazon store aswell. http://www.amazon.com/feldherr/b/ref=bl_dp_s_web_8310045011…
@coralline algae with this set you aren't able to put the manual, artbook and gameboard insinde the box. the full-size raster foam is 1cm too high.the 3 inlays will fill up the entire space.
for us customers, we can get these cases from amazon in almost the exact same configuration as angelripper suggests. they're a very good bargain.  http://www.amazon.com/feldherr-storage-miniatures-tanks-monster/dp/b00w98cv26/ref=sr_1_2…
@thomasdn here is the complete shopping list: - 1x https://www.feldherr.com/feldherr-lagerbox-m-leer/a-53526/ - 2x https://www.feldherr.com/schaumstoffeinlagen/full-size-einlagen-standard-gr-e/fs035c5b-35-mm-schaumstoff-mit-45-konischen-faechern-und-angeklebtem-boden/a-42520/ - 1x https://www.feldherr.com/schaumstoffeinlagen/full-size-einlagen-standard-gr-e/fs010bo-feldherr-full-size-boden-10-mm/a-40364/ - https://www.feldherr.com/fs050rs-full-size-raster-schaumstoff-50-mm-selbstklebend/a-50001/
@angelripper: thanks a lot, that would be very kind of you.
@corey thanks for the info!
@thomasdn if you want to have each miniature in its own place you will not fit everything into the retailbox i guess. i have to go now. when i'm home i can give you the links and total price for everything i needed from feldherr for blood rage.
@angelripper: thanks for the links. what was the total cost for the blood rage set? would it be possible to fit everything in the original box if you had the right foam?
@barry morgan: mate, the dice tower have one but i felt a bit embarrassed watching it as they get pretty silly and don't really discuss the rules, so at the moment all you really have is the video on the ks page.  frankly though, i went through a two player game solo so i could get the rules down and it is very easy to pick up, the game is primarily on the player boards and the era chart. just play it, you'll pick it up in no time. have fun.
@mike martel yes, i received an email with my tracking number. read the latest update. they only shipped a few hundred as of now, but the rest will be shipped soon.
@thomasdn everything is from feldherr. here is a link to my rum & bones storage solutions. http://zombicide.de/topic/rum-bones-lagerungsvorschlag/ there a links in it to the products needed from feldherr. for blood rage you only need to make the foam for the huge miniatures/cards/tokens yourself. but it is very easy with the ones from feldherr. just look at the rum & bones links.
is there a decent instructional video about how to play which is suitable for me to watch with my kids without a ton of unnecessary silliness    ie. similar to watch it played or rahdo or something.
@angelripper: interesting storage solution! 1) where do you get those boxes? 2) have you made those foam inserts yourself?
my storage solution for blood rage: http://zombicide.de/topic/blood-rage-lagerungsvorschlag/
this plays better than i anticipated. great game!
by the ozone divine! where' s that longboat with me package! this is testing my danish viking patience! ;-)
ugh! i've just discovered the reason i didn't get the pledge manager is because it wasn't sent to the email i put in my survey. i'll have to contact them and try and sort this mess out...
@christopher beller, a week in customs is pretty standard. there's a lot of paperwork that comes with each container and there a lot of containers every day.
i'm regretting not picking up a copy of the art book. is there any way i can get a copy without paying outrageous scalper pricing? (and with four kids at home, travelling to cons is a non-starter.) thanks for any helpful replies!
jamie you've missed the pledge manager then, you better get in contact with cmon quickly.
@corey did you get your tracking number in an email? i'm a u.s. backer but haven't heard anything yet.
...oh and my good lady wife ended up blood raging me all over the place with a score of 134 to my pretty rubbish 78...
quick rules question re. use of the wolfman.  here's what happened in the game we just played.  raven clan pillaged an area with three warriors in ygdrassil so i decided to heed the call of battle and sent in two pairs of warriors and my wolfman ally.  i also had the upgrade card meaning a pair of warriors is worth 6 str.  reading the text on the wolfman card, i thought i'd stomp all over raven clan as only monsters add their str in battle.  we were both pretty low on battle cards at this point. all i could put down was a quest and raven clan had +4 on a battle card.  so with the wolfman 3str and my two pairs of warriors being 6str each that makes 15 total str.  i began gleefully removing raven clan from the board and revelling in the glory of battle...until my wife (playing raven clan) wonderingly suggested that, as monsters only count their str in a battle with the wolfman, perhaps she'd actually won...  we thought about this long and hard.  would this mean my allied warriors couldn't add their str to the fight with the wolfman?  if so, that mean that raven clan's 4str (from the battle card only) beat the wolfman's 3str.  interested in anyone's take on this...
okej thank for the info håkan. i have no car so i guess i have to whait for dhl.
got mine yesterday. read my unboxing experience here: http://25yearsofminis.blogspot.fi/2015/10/unboxing-blood-rage-kickstarter-box.html
@linus , i got a call from dhl and they wanted to deliver it next week. but since i wanted they game so much i went to the delivery center where it was and picked it up myself.
still no tracking number for me in paris. i'd like to be answered about this :)
@marty spiller, my backing number is 5497.
us backer here. just got my tracking info! should be playing blood rage this wed night!
so much epic gameplay
the 2nd us boat has left norfolk and is bound for savannah and should arrive there tomorrow morning around 4 am est. hopefully it won't take a week to get through customs like the first container did.
för er som är svenskar och som fått ert paket. hur blev det levererat?. fick ni det hemkört med dhl, eller fick ni själv hämta ut den hos den lokala paketutlämningen?.
@the collector @mike martell - cheers for your comments on painting the miniatures.  just a few steps to go before they're complete and i move on to some of the others.  the fire giant was fun to do, shading him against the blazing sword.  thinking how best to do some tattoos on the troll...will post something up when i'm done.
boat landed almost three weeks ago in canada... any news for us?
i've not got anything in my inbox about blood rage since the 15th of march. i sent my survey in on the 27th of march but, since then, nothing. i'm a little concerned...
overal opinion, one big concern: played the game for the first time yesterday. game was fun, i think we overthought it a little bit as my opinion is that you just rage through the three ages, instead of playing heavy strategy. (i won by a large margin: 120 over 70 for the 2nd player, and the other three got about 50 points). only concern for my is the component quality outside of the plastic figures (which are greatly detailed, albeit it somewhat easily damaged). the thin cardboard saga, valhalla and player boards are on the flimsy side. i rather had better quality of those and sacrifice some minis. my biggest concern however is the color difference on the back of the cards between expansions/5th player/monsters and the base set of the game. this will eventually when people learn those cards take a big chunk out of the surprise and playability.
@danmarvan, if not, then its probably either still in customs (can take a few weeks depending on the country) or in transit to their distribution hub.
@danmarven, are you a us backer.  if so today's update says they sent out their first shipment today.   that's pretty quick for it to get unloaded, clear customs, and get shipped to their warehouse and unloaded there then sent back out.
tracking number received for central new york. soon!
i know the boat arrive a week or 10 days ago so i am not sure what is going on...
nothing in canada yet... (toronto)
if we did not get a tracking number this round... when is the next set coming out?
no tracking number for me. so sad.
for those in the us getting shipping notices; what are your backing numbers?
got the game, played it tonite and totally awesome!
met mr. lang today at spiel in essen to get a minute to talk to (and also to get the rulebook signed ofc). he's a very friendly person indeed. he'll also be there the next two days, for anyone interested.
yay tracking number!!!! i have got to say between my family and i we have backed 4 cmon ks. this one hands down is doing the best handling post ks communication
no tracking yet but hopefully i'll see it soon!
for those in the us who have backed cmon kickstarters before.  when they ship, who do they typically use to ship.... and do they usually require a signature?  no biggie, i just need to figure out if i need to work from home the day the package is suppose to arrive or not.  thanks!
@john battle awesome work, the fire giant in particular is bad ass! can't wait to get my by the end of the month here in the states.
now confirmed.  just got the shipping notice from cmon.
tracking number arrived today! ragnarok is near!
nice paint job john battle.
just for clarification, it doesn't say blood rage, but it definitely isn't zbp or the others.
just got a fedex shipment notification.  package picked up at cmon in georgia bound for texas.
have anyone else gotten the gods box without odin?
for those interested, here's a wip on painting a few of the miniatures.  fave so far us probably the troll, but they're all so superbly detailed. great fun painting them. https://www.dropbox.com/s/dmojebnmk57qdev/2015-10-09%2020.38.58.jpg… https://www.dropbox.com/s/7vf0xbzr0l4pneh/2015-10-09%2020.37.58.jpg…
@tero maritimo 35 something $. with a somewhat high exchange rate. you can find the bgg overpriced shipping thread (that includes many countries' shipping costs) even by searching in google (i.e. blood rage shipping cost finland). it seems the shipping cost for multiple games would've been quite ok. j
got mine 2 days ago (poland). everything fits into the core game box! awesome!
@the schwartz: yes, several of us have already reported here in the comments that we already received our games.
@jk what was the normal shipping cost to finland? i late pledged and it was around 48$
@neil ardron right! everything is a reason to get on hold anyways imo. it is worst in quebec....
still nothing here in the north west of the uk...  no tracking number, no game, no ragnarok.  worried that i've slipped through the cracks....
any news on receiving the loot, from any fellow danes? i can't wait, by the ozone divine! ;-)
@mike - that's because everything is on hold in this country until after the election
canada? canada? canada?  ༼ つ ◕◡◕ ༽つ
takes for ever to get the boxes out of the container in canada =/.
mine arrived today in eastern finland. everything seems to be in the box, didn't open the cards etc. though, but minis and all boxes seem to be inside. br box was also nicely anchored with styrox so the box is unharmed as well. even odin had managed to jump on his throne inside the gods' box. :) was worried cause dpd tracking showed denmark since monday, this morning at 4.xx had changed to my hometown, phew! hoping to get this played tomorrow. at the moment, not regretting although shipping price was ridonculously high.. but seeing the retail prices in finland and seeing all these extras, am happy to get these! now hoping the gameplay will suit the production quality! thanks! j
nothing for canada so far :(
any new for canada? any one received their tracking number or something?
@phil, actually that was probably a silly question wasn't it? you wouldn't have access to comments would you? :/
@phil, uk deliveries started arriving during the last week of september. i got mine exactly two weeks ago today and i wasn't the first by any means.  were you a late backer?
i'm regretting not picking up a copy of the artbook. is there any way i can get a copy without paying outrageous scalper pricing?   (and with four kids at home, travelling to cons is a non-starter.) thanks for any helpful replies!
still testing my viking patience in denmark, where's that longship with my loot? by the ozone divine! ;-)
any confirmed uk arrived?
my game arrived today (bern, switzerland, no tracking nr.)
unsure when game is supposed to arrive in uk
got home from work and it had arrived earlier than initially thought.  opened reverently after dinner...beautiful.  sydney, aus.   big thanks to cmon and aus post.  good luck guys.
no game  no tracking nr  no update  no answer from cmon
ks exclusivity available in france... http://www.edgeent.com/news/article/blood_rage_edition_ragnaroek
still nothing here? i wonder did the postman steal my game!?
@sebastien rogge, well if that would be the case i really dislike it. i am anyway surprised they are allowed to make that; i think is not the case of a shop who buys some from ks and then resells, they have their online store but they are the publisher. no similar deal as far as i know is offered in spain... so if it goes as you say, not only they are no more ks exclusives, also is something to check about others cmon campaings, as edge takes most of them for spanish / french publishing.
mine is in transit, maybe monday in sydney.
has anyone with shipping problems (in my case i received only half of my order) receive any feedback from cmon? thanks.
@maxo_q, congrats! how long ago undid you receive the tracking email?
received brisbane australia. 8am today. took me a while to type this. was stuck in one of these moments https://www.youtube.com/watch…
american living in japan.  still haven't received my package as of october 9th.  i thought asia address holders would be the first to get their box.  what happened?
first recorded delivery in aus then?
i am happy i got everything looks great such a big box
cmon, will you let us know when the first us ship clears customs and makes its way to headquarters?
wow marc, those look great.
yes indeed, amazing, i look forward to play it again. @ jose carlos sanchez alvarado, about exclusives : they speak about "edge exclusives". so i think that they will all translate in french, the base game (no doubt about that because it's their activity, mainly with the ffg games) and the exclusives too. so yes indeed, the product would be an exclusive product because it is in another language, but the minis are no more kickstarter exclusives. and that's surprising.
@bruno v you had to search for the boat! they gave us the boat. google told me where i could find the boat and it docked on september 21st in roberts bank. sources : http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/details/ships/shipid:758078/mmsi:636091610/imo:9348699/vessel:maersk_dhahran here you go :) @neil ardron thanks it is exactly what i meant.
some painted minis, in case anyone's interested ;-) https://www.facebook.com/media/set/…
in one word: the game is amazing!!
@scott, i guess that goes to prove the scientific principle that you cannot prove a negative (we will only know when someone gets a tracking number, or everyone has their game and no one got a tracking number)
@neil no tracking number in the maritimes (atlantic canada). i assume it'll just show up and then i get my viking on.
@bruno - the 21st of sep was the date the boat landed in vancouver (according to vessel tracker).  i agree with crushermike it is taking sometime, but cmon did say shipping should be complete by the end of this week, i'm not sure if we are going to get tracking numbers though, anyone know?
@crushermike check the last update. it said the container *should* arrive sometime "next week" (which is this week) and hopefully the warehouse would ship off everything by the end of the week. i don't see any mention of september 21st.
@aaron darling any containers delivered recently? ours could very well be there by now, assuming customs went smoothly.
how much time does it take before you get a tracking number after the boat has docked? i mean our boat has docked september 21st and i still have nothing :(. (from canada)
well sorry, i double checked... they offer the base game in french, but the exclusives in english... so that should mean they are getting the exclusives from somewhere, and probably do not have the rights to translate... but effectively this way they are putting them on retail... so i am quite disgusted about this...
from below about edge: they are a spanish publisher, who also publish / distribute in france normally in french of course. the link goes for a page in french and is offering 'ragnarok pack' in english, quantity limited, so i guess they purchased some ks for doing this. the point is they arealdy announced in spain their publishing in spanish language, and i do not find they are offering the 'ragnarok pack' in spanish web.... all seems quite strange, cause does that meant they are not going to publish in french? here in spain for sure we will be pissed of if previous to spanish publishing they sell special packs as those. part of the blood rage team if i am not wrong are from france, so maybe some special agreement... ¿?
mountain giant count as a leader, so invade for free but do not upgrade for free. so you pay 3 rage for upgrade then invade for free automatically in the same action. then invade for free in subsequent turns.
sheesh the rest of the world seems to be getting there games and cmon is right by my office in georgia and can't even get a update. ;-)
i know sky castle games here in south africa has a demo copy (think its a gen con purchase) . their fire giant also  has a warped base but doesn't seem to be much of an issue. hot water should fix it else just don't put bases on monsters. most of the time people remember who the guy is who has the monsters.
@paul, how badly deformed?  if it is just curved rather than mis-molded you should be able to fix it with the hot water treatment everyone recommends for bent minis :).
and tracking number received in geraldton west australia!!
i ment moutain giant.
cy leung it dosent cost ton invade with a leader. so it will not cost for a frost giant.
got my tracking in sydney also :)
simon thomas, also nothing in uk yet, you are not alone...
got mine but have a fire giant with a deformed base, what is the best way to contact cmon for a replacement?
got tracking info in melbourne!  fingers crossed for delivery by wednesday!
tracking for brisbane . sweeeeeet
got my box today, now staring at it. who invented work and work hours :d
mountain giant counts as leader but i think it still cost you 3 rage to upgrade and invade
i have tracking! due monday, sydney...happy dance!
@teowulff: "are some monsters indeed free to play and invade?" -> the mountain giant is. "can you add as many (non-ship) units to a pillage fight in ygdrassil" -> yes, as there are not villages tht would limit the number of units. most of your questions are already discussed on boardgamegeek.
recap no game no tracking nr no update no answer from cmon very good it isn't a problem wait some days more, but at least i would like any info.
@jose carlos sanchez alvarado: agreed, the rules aren't always 100% conclusive. are some monsters indeed free to play and invade? can you add as many (non-ship) units to a pillage fight in ygdrassil or just 1? and so on.
still waiting on delivery in the uk, am i the only one?
@ corvin: thanks!
i expect to have an official faq soon... there is a lot of crossed interpretations about cards, more on some monsters... for the moment we are playing as it would seem logical or literal interpretation of the rules, but would be good to ensure we are making things as designers expected to.
@christian: http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/1445487/mountain-giant
the mountain giant card says "this monster counts as leader." i suppose he then does also profit from leader upgrades, right?!
wonder why cmon isn't using pikpak for australasian distribution this time - they did an awesome job on world of smog and rum&bones.
i've yet to get an email from aba aetherworks, wondering if it will take them time to process the shipment? (in sydney)
i still dont have mine here in taiwan,  i thought asia supposed to be the early ones
omg i think i got a tracking number !
have the 2 us shipped arrived?  i just did a search and it said one left norfolk and the other arrived or is very close to.  seems odd there's no update then regarding their arrival.  but i don't know anything about tracking ships so i could be wrong.
i think it is being shipped to aussie backers! i also received an email from aba aetherworks about shipping something, they do kickstarter fulfillment. i should find out tonight :d
got it today (austria). now just to get some guys together to have a game :)
first game with 3 players one week after receiving the package. we loved it ! congratulations to the creator and the team !
to clarify, the art work is great but i don't think that the printing does it justice.
@lunarsounddesign, i am not blown away given the price.  the cover is nice enough but it doesn't feel like a premium book in terms of quality, more like a mid range comic annual from my youth.  the collected art is what i was buying it for but even given the subject matter, i find the printing lacks any of the vibrancy and tone you get from the actual game printed matter. i don't know if my overly critical mood towards it is enhanced by the fact that the book itself was damaged during packing/transit, which irks me somewhat.
so the australian containter is off the docks? huzzah!
so what is the verdict on the art book for those that ordered one, was it worth it?
yeah nothing stopping stores ordering through ks. plenty do it.
@maxo who is the delivery company??
still testing my viking patience in denmark, where's that longship with my loot? by the ozone divine! ;-)
so? he just bought some to sell again probably? these won't see retail releases :)
edge is not a shop but an editor http://www.edgeent.com/news/article/blood_rage_edition_ragnaroek
the ragnarok has arrived on my birthday to my doorstep! :) it was a nice surprise! :)
especially if "edge" was autocorrected from "e-bay".
it's possible that retailers backed the project as well and are selling copies with the kickstarter exclusives.
why are the kickstarter exclusive stretched goal no more exclusives ? edge propose the ragnarok special edition to preorder. in this edition you get fenrir, the wolfman, the wildboar clan, ... all this in my mother tongue i have the feeling i was swindled
the box is about 33x33x36cm, or at least that is what it says! ;-) 1st impression: what the game is concerned: the board could have been a bit longer and less wide - as it is hard to play on my dining table with the clan boards next to them. the age (and clan) board could have been a bit thicker quality. and where to put all the components once the game is played .. the boxes are clearly made to facilitate shipping, not so much with storing the game components in mind .. the gameplay. it's a nicely balanced game where just winning your battles doesn't necessary mean you win the game as it hardly gives a lot of glory. quests and smart upgrades and the extra glory for increasing your clan stats on the other hand give huge glory boosts, especially in the end. thus far "frigga's charm" was my favourite card as it saves you huge amounts of rage (currency). lastly, there could have been a bit more and more varied cards. with 2 players you have to discard half of your cards, and i sort of miss cards that mess a bit with your opponent's stats (a few more loki cards) or abilities.
i've been managing my expectations by assuming that the two ships for the u.s. and the rest of the world docking around october 4th and 11th were packed "rest of world": october 4th, u.s.: october 11th. it does seem as though the ships were dispatched with an effort to deliver earlier to locations that have generally had longer waits. if that is the case, it would make sense for the earlier ship to have the packages with additional routing. either way, it'll probably take a couple days to unload the ships and send them to the facility. fingers crossed for delivery by halloween.
@ crushmike..........nothing for me either for barrie ontario, canada
anyone received something in canada? or anyone received their tracking or something?
no news for us and row?
just curious from anyone who received it and got most of the stuff. how big is the shipping box?
got in poland!
got it in portugal. it is beautifull
any updates on if the container that was offloaded in savannah ga made it through customs and will be shipped out to us any time soon?
can anyone give me an idea on the backlog of zendesk? i have just checked my pledge manager and my order hasn't gone through from when the pledge manager was opened initially even though i completed it.
@fabien saunier hi! i would send a message to cmon (click on the logo at the created by section top right corner) told them that you missing figure number 042 (thor) and you got two 044 (tyr) ones. i am pretty sure they will send you your missing piece. good luck!
got it today! (located in the netherlands) can't wait to get it to the table! hard to get all the components nicely in the box, impossible to get the expansions in :)
france : copy received. great quality, very nice minis, but in the god's box : 2 tyr, 0 thor... bad new. how can i receive my thor mini? lika many other i hope an possibilty of palyong optionnals habilities for the clans will be great. perhaps add some clans cards for a random choice?
i think figures made of grey plastic (blood rage gameplay) looks much better then figures which are made of this i don't know light yellow  (which we have got inside boxes).
@i and i. may try it next time to see how it changes the dynamic. got to say i'm incredibly impressed by the quality of the game and components. i personally think the wild boar clan's mini's are by far my favourite. superb detail. i'm building myself up to getting them all painted but thought i'd get my eye in with the monsters. first up fenrir. not quite finished the claws but i'm happy with how he's turned out so far! http://ibin.co/2ieavplcnjjf
@darren; i know you're not supposed to but for us, it felt better to shuffle them after each age :)
@i and i. don't think you're supposed to reshuffle the tokens. we didn't and it helped focus fights on regions people definitely wanted the reward from. our first play was quite interesting. i was lucky enough to get a lot of loki upgrades earlier on and combined these with some odin ones later. ended up winning by 70 odd points just by constantly killing myself off. certainly a very powerful strategy which the other players will look to counter next time.
czech republic! got my copy yesterday! so big box :d
shipping email for this arrived. brisbane australia.
got my copy! (hungary, budapest) https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b00sqranzeqvwmftshzkckrlzja/view time to open the boxes!
or since i'm going to redo the dashboards anyway, perhaps add some clan specific special abilities there
@bruce hansen: i know it's done because of that but on the other hand, it would have been nice if the clans were differentiated by more than aesthetics. perhaps i'm going to tinker a bit with clan specific card decks. hmmm
@i and i the clans are supposed to be equal with no special abilities at the game start, leaving what you draft to form your strategy/strengths.   clans with unique abilities creates balancing issues and more importantly limits your intelligent drafting choices to ones that would compliment your initial power. believe me, this game is way better off like this. now you can choose your clan based on aesthetics and not what fits your playstyle and no one can complain about "you got the good clan" or "this clan sucks"
@javier: i also received my stuff in two parts, they were a few days apart. first came the core box (with ks exclusives) and next my core box + 5th player expansion.
@javier sanchez gonzalez: also received only part (5th player expansion + ks exclusives for the expansion are missing). haven't heard back from them yet :(
i take it no one has had any response about missing components yet?
hi, everyone. package received in spain... that´s the good new.  only half of the plege received... that´s the bad new. i´ve sent a e-mail to support@cm... not answered yet.... does anyone have the same (or similar) problem? hich one was the proposed solution? (i´m afraid that i will have to wait till a new shipment from headquarters) thanks and best regards
@sébastien rogge: thanks a lot for the tip!! =) would be very nice to actually have straight spears and poles, especially when i am going to paint the minis. @i and i: agreed, the valhalla, clan dashboards and age tracks are quite flimsy. i'm also thinking about finding ways to make them a bit more sturdy in some way. perhaps even make a transparent 3d print.
my package got delivered a couple of doors further... either the mailman was too lazy or he decided it was too much paperwork to bring it back. either way, gotta pick it up tonight...
the game, minis and art book look great. i'm actually impressed but the quality of those minis.
just to show you guys they are still working on it: i received my tracking info last saturday and it is on its way for delivery right now. can't wait for ragnarok to reach the netherlands!
i live in italy and a couple of friends got their copy more than a week ago. is there a second shipment to europe somewhere or should i start to worry? i also mailed coolminiornot to get some info without getting an answer. i understand being busy and having an email backlog, but customer care is important and not answering emails after getting customer's money is not a nice policy imho.
hi i have just heard of a friend of mine who lives nearby that he has received the pledge. whereas i have not received a pledge nor a tracking number. could you please check, thanks. colin (colin@torc.ch)
played blood rage yesterday with two players. absolutely love it. but i do have some complaints/notes... 1) the valhalla, clan dashboards and age tracks are quite flimsy. i could live with the dashboards (since the zombicide ones are the same) but the valhalla and age track could have been the same as the board. that would have been nicer. i'm thinking about making my own, especially the dashboards since there isn't any room for the ship upgrade card (you have to put it next to the dashboard or on the ship art) 2) the clans are all the same (unless we missed something?) :( it would have been nice if each clan had a special ability or something like that to distinguish them, apart from having a different colour and sculpt. 3) unless we understood differently, the pillage tokens are just flipped over again in a new age. we decided to shuffle them after each age to randomise it a bit. it's a great game, even with two. it's fast paced and depends on strategy as much as luck and bluff. it really shines when you're not too careful of each other but try to put them down :p
@tim selberg - i am also waiting for any sign of this being shipped to me in sweden.
i also got an email from aba aetherworks about shipping something, and i also checked and found that they're a ks fulfilment company. i'm hoping it's this one, but it could theoretically be a few others. fake edit - checking my own backed projects against james harvey's below mine, it's gotta be blood rage since the others we have in common are either done or not due for awhile.
aus /nz - i think it's on it's way... i got an email from aba aetherworks, and they are a kickstarter fulfilment company.. they are shipping to the address i put down, so hopefully this is good news?
australia/nz update, please
the antipodeans are restless.....
aussie aussie aussie update update update please
any news on australian shipments?
vikings landed in canada in the past; could they just do it... again...soon?
holy crap do i need an update for au/nz!
no news in australia - any update?
got it, very exciting part with 4 players. does the mystic troll's power permit to invade directly and freely ydrasil province too ? @teowulf : warm up the bent minis with a hairdryer and make the stuff right. it will stay right after cooling. think that with a less souple plastic the bent stuff would probably be broken.
btw, the others ks is about to wrap up if anyone is thinking about it. eric lang design!
+1 to aus/nz update.
yes an australian/nz update much appreciated. 17th sept games arrive in sydney. cmon update on 28th sept - still waiting for info from shipper. since then nothing. surely it's not that hard to make a call to find out a timeframe with customs.
any news on shipping to nz?
aus/nz update please.
@ghurkki nothing in switzerland yet. i contacted dpd but they said they dont have nothing for me :'( i dont try dhl. i will tomorrow
got my box, excellent stuff! only thing is that a lot of spears and poles are bent, it's not really hard plastic (my 1st cmon minis ks so i didn't know what to expect). but my gf seems to really like the game, so that's a big plus! =)
usa news?
i'm still waiting for a tracking number. swedish
theirs game ofcourse. tracking was apparently sent on friday.
poland here. still no tracking and no package, even thou all fellow backers from poland that i know of received theirs today... :-(
hey, i never received a tracking number in canada?  any update on that?
i didn't receive a tracking nr. or somethings else, hope it will come soon.. just not on friday... then i will be in essen... did someone else receive it in switzerland?
@niklas, thanks for the info! strange that i and apparently many others don't get any tracking nr. anyone else in sweden waiting for the nr?
still waiting in the uk...  any news????????????????????????  am i the last?
received it today - only one bendy spear. the miniatures look great - will find much use in our viking themed d&d game
got it today... lost my first game against my brother but it is awesome game ty cmon.
@tim. yes i received a tracking number from dhl last week, i checked it online and could see that the package reached dhl malmö sweden last friday. dhl called monday yesterday to verify delivery that was today - smooth delivery and great game -> good kickstarter. cmon delivers on all areas as promissed :-)
got mine in poland today. the quality is amazing, i have never seen miniatures like these in a board game. big thank you to everyone who msde it possible!
surprisingly canadians should be receiving the game this week :-s   guess we have more waiting!
canada????
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@niklas s, did you receive any tracking nr? i'm still waiting - sweden
i'm still waiting for my box or a tracking number here in bern, switzerland. you are not the only one, nelijah.
apparently there's a box waiting for me at home in the netherlands :-) maybe worth mentioning, theres no link of the dpd tracking site for an exact delivery time. but if you look at the national homepage (for nl at least) you can put in your tracking number and get a delivery slot down to the hour.
still waiting in the uk. anyone else waiting in the uk? sent messages but no response (i guess they are busy).
thanx gp, yes i will try that :-) but it's not a bit thing to make a spear, i will resculpt the hammer of thor to the iconic norse stylus :-) the other sculpts are excellent as they are :-)
@niklas - you could try the hot-water cold-water method first before you start cutting?
received a big box of awesome in the netherlands today. thanks cmon! will do business again:-)
my game arrived today, south sweden, excellent finish and high details on the minis but odins spear was warped, but i can make a new one :-). can't wait to paint it up :-d
@caleb, when it shows up after the wedding you can at least tell the misses that it was a "wedding gift" when you get the stink eye for such a large box of toys. haha
thanks for your answer. my previous ks cmon (rum and bones) i received the email about dpd tracking, but i suppose that not all the delvery from the central hub are completed.  still waiting... thanks :-)
@daniele - i received my tracking number last thursday, when dpd scheduled my delivery. it still took them until monday to deliver my package but this time i could follow the whole trajectory. probably because it was the weekend. but usually my cmon package arrives at my door hours before i receive the cmon email.  so... it depends :^)
@daniele it's not uncommon to not get a tracking number before delivery. i don't usually get shipping details although this time with blood rage i did get an email before it arrived, but i got mine a few days after most in the uk.
just a question.  i read some people in eu has already received the game. is it normal i didn't receive any tracking number? ( italy)
@caleb o'brien  come on mate, priorities, obviously the wedding has to be postponed.   anyway, customs haven't finished playing with it yet.
just received ours but missing the 5th player expansion in first glance. will completely check tonight to see if we miss more than that :(
“hand of iron! head of iron! heart of iron!  your death comes, sang the hundred! your death comes!" unpacking plastic vikings while reading abercrombie's 'half the world' gives a nice synergy. :^) “dpd of treacle! ups of treacle! fedex of treacle!  your pledge comes, sang the hundred! your pledge comes!"
got tracking info from ckpm (not from dpd) 2.10. when the shipment was in neu-ulm in germany. yesterday in kolding, denmark.. i don't understand why dpd hauls it through denmark to finland unless it's with car all the way.. i guess the scandinavians' games are in the same truck (one viking descendent said no tracking info yet).. otherwise this route selection doesn't really make sense to me.. the game is being taken further and further from me... :( but at least i got the tracking info.. maybe i get the game is month and can plan an evening of ragnarök.
i'm uk based.
a few backers in my group have got theirs but i haven't received mine. can i check that it's in transit and not lost?
received mine yesterday but i noticed my brown sail of the schip miniature is missing. who should i contact for this? rest is lookikg great. :-)
yeah, the australian delay is killing me! was really hoping to have a play of this game before i get married on the 15th. not looking so positive now.
@bennett, in sydney, repeating the following in my head: you must control the red rage.....you must control the red rage.....
can someone in sydney go down and unleash some viking fury at the customs people at port botany? the wait is agonising.
any further word on australian deliveries? shipment still stuck in customs?
@ bruce, i'm not exactly sure, but i would guess that one container has all the backer pledges on it and the other container has all their stock for sale on the website and all the extra specials for conventions. my luck will be the first will be the stock for their warehouse and the second will be backer packages so they can get it in stock and begin shipping about the time ours gets unloaded and sent out to us.
also, for anyone else with questions, boardgamegeek and the cool mini or not forums will probably be your best bet to get your answers relatively quickly.
@marc hutsebaut two questions i submit... 1) player x announces he will pillage a province he is standing in (alone). there are no other players in any adjacent province, so nobody else can join the battle (or: nobody wants to). now: can player x move another of his pieces from an adjacent province into the one to be pillaged to heed the "call for battle", even though there will be no battle? it's not explicitly stated in the rulebook (or i missed it), but i don't feel it's logical, as it gives player x an extra marching option for free? on the other hand you could say it is logical, since who wouldn't want to plunder unopposed with his fellow vikings? i don't remember for sure on that on, but i want to say it is an option. though i haven't see it done very often if at all in the demos i ran or watched at conventions. 2) battle cards. how many cards can be played after the original battle cards have been put on the table face down? i understand that specific cards can be played before the reveal, during the reveal (to cancel an effect) and after the reveal, but could opposing players conceivably (and in the prescribed order, of course) keep on playing solid white disk cards until their hand runs out? even if the opposing player, whose turn it is, says he's not playing any more cards? the rule, if i remember correctly is that every playing participating in the battle has to lay down a single card(be it battle card or not) then the text on the card activates prior to numbers being compared. so, if someone has multiple solid white circle cards, you could theoretically chain them together and play multiple cards, but it all depends what the cards themselves say. i hope this makes sense, i'm answering these all by memory as i have yet to receive my game...
@i and i - yes, the friendly neighbour accepted the package and now table is full of viking! :^)
really hope it's by pledge time (sorry late backers, but i wants me some ragnarok)
does anyone know with the us shipments if it is totally random as to which boat your game will come in on or is it based on when you pledged?
uk - no package or tracking. most frustrating that lots of friends got theirs. is there a delayed or 2nd shipment to those of us minorities yet to receive?
i got it!!! it's sooo wonderful!! very south of belgium here!!!
any word on canada?
no game, no tracking but not worried. - norway
receive my pledge today in belgium. i will check if i received everything.
got it!!!!! awesome!
still waiting for any form of confirmation that my package has been shipped. double-checked that all shipping information is correct, and all shipping/goods are payed for.no tracking information so far. /sweden
belgium btw :)
ours should arrive tomorrow if the tracking is correct (and the postal service not too lazy)
is eu dispatch finished yet or still going ? i swear the whole uk except 3 people have theirs and mine still has no sign. seriously worried something went wrong and it doesn't exist or its in the furthest corner of the last container. that's why i need to know if eu has finished xd
@trent turner the first us boat, the ever lissome, has left the savannah port, so it is off-loaded now. who knows how long to deal with customs. the 2nd ship (ever livin) will be in new a york sometime today, if not there already.
how are we looking for the us? anyone have any info?
@joe chapman; try 30% on packages worth more than 22euro (~25usd) incl shipping + 12euro handling fees if below 150euro (otherwise it's 30euro)
hmm, no signs of delivery in norway yet. i may have to go outside and kill a bear with my teeth to relieve this restlessness...
maybe they delivered to your neighbours? i'm still waiting but perhaps tomorrow :)
apparently my box was delivered this morning. which is weird because i'm here at work and my son was supposed to be in class. cmon tracking : now also with free truant officer service :^)
nothing in switzerland... i hope there isn't any probleme. dpd and cmon don't answer to my mail :'(
@ jonathon tilbury thanks mate. will do.  they are trying to squeeze every cent out of aussies. these taxes are ridiculous. as if auspost and customs don't already make a killing off us already.
has anyone received feedback on missing components?
got my pledge in the very south of belgium. i'll check it this evening!!!
no blood rage got! i still mailed to cmon for sendeing me a tracking number, but all quiet on the rage front! i´m starting to feel a little bit annoyed!
got it! :-) (france)
can i download the final version of the rule book somewhere? the package arrived today in vienna, but i must not open it without my wife, and she is on a business trip until friday and ... the suspense is killing me!
two questions i submit... 1) player x announces he will pillage a province he is standing in (alone). there are no other players in any adjacent province, so nobody else can join the battle (or: nobody wants to). now: can player x move another of his pieces from an adjacent province into the one to be pillaged to heed the "call for battle", even though there will be no battle? it's not explicitly stated in the rulebook (or i missed it), but i don't feel it's logical, as it gives player x an extra marching option for free? on the other hand you could say it is logical, since who wouldn't want to plunder unopposed with his fellow vikings? 2) battle cards. how many cards can be played after the original battle cards have been put on the table face down? i understand that specific cards can be played before the reveal, during the reveal (to cancel an effect) and after the reveal, but could opposing players conceivably (and in the prescribed order, of course) keep on playing solid white disk cards until their hand runs out? even if the opposing player, whose turn it is, says he's not playing any more cards? apart from these gameplay questions, you can also enjoy the first wip of painted blood rage minis in our almost 900 member strong fb group on miniature boardgames, which you are of course most welcome to join. https://www.facebook.com/groups/miniatureboardgames/permalink/891227964302117/
import tax is only for over $1000 au but will be 15% soon . this will kill kikstarters for australian soon if u get a message in the mail from customs state that it is a gift or kikstarter and they can't tax u yet it will change soon . auspost makes no cash from packets from overseas and it is costing them too much so they r trying to tax us all . it took me 3 weeks of emails to get my last reward from customs i realy hate australia post now
oooh this is unberable i was in and checking up on my pledge & i dunno what happen but apparently i never filled out the pledge manager, or rather it looks like its still there in a "waiting mode"... anyways im an idiot -  so what happens now, i curse the norns for my ill fate :(
haven't heard anything in brisbane either. are they trying to hit us up for import tax?
got it this morning ! (belgium)
still nothing here (hungary)
@jonathan tilbury(jontil the beardless) - not a peep about blood rage. im west aussie and nothing yet.
got my pledge 5minutes ago, no piece was missing in purkersdorf, austria
will we be getting a shipping number in australia and can you tell me where the hub is . customs realy does not like kikstarter and i am having big problems with them every time . the aus govement is trying to hit us up for a nasty tax . r there any stores in australia where i can buy your games without having to deal with this same problem every time
has any one in australia got there box of blood rage yet
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/coolminiornot/the-others-7-sins/description
heh yeah it's eric lang, adrian smith, studio mcvey... plenty of overlap with blood rage.
@flavio... are you kidding me? the artist for blood rages (adrian smith's) incredible artwork is the very same artist for the others, it's also an eric lang game (again same as blood rage), and cmon (also blood rage), so incredibly relevant. if it's no your thing, no worries, but i do not want people who love blood rage to miss the chance to check it out in its last three days. the game mechanics are different from all of zombicides, for starters there is the exploding dice mechanism, so even from a simple action like walking through fire, you could die, even from full health. you have a limited pool of heroes and your favourite characters will die, get used to it! great suspension etc, amazing artwork, design and sculpts. clearly i am already a fan of this game and a happy/very active gamer, and once again, if it's not your thing, no worries, ignore my post, if it could be your thing, check it out.
yeah i'm sure most of the interested backers on this game would've checked out others. i did and i thought it was another zombicide rip off with shallow game play and lots of dice rolling. not for me i'm afraid.
why did you post this here?
for all those of you who were holding out to find out if we would get all 7 sins included writhing the base pledge, yes we will!!! the 7th sin is revealed, it's awesome, it's the best value for $ i have seen (remember you pay $150 for zbp and not $100 for the others!). the artwork is stunning (adrian smith), the sculpts amazing, game play awesome (eric lang), come, take a look, and we shall welcome you to the madness will consume you! have faith!!!!
@steve bullock, the ship is moored in savannah, so the hurricane shouldn't affect shipping.
got my dpd tracking number and it is in transit to hungary
still nothing here in the north west of the uk...  is there a timeline for last posting?
hopefully hurricane joaquin won't delay the shipping...
first game played last night and lost - by a mile - to my good lady wife.  she's some kind of uber strategy ninja... rematch tonight...
i confirm it's coming to poland (dilivered by dpd)
ernster, it is on the way. :) it is a real treat! the figures are well detailed and made in a harder plastic than zombicide. a clear improvement!
yeah for once americans get their games later than others... justice... finally... lol
still nothing (uk), emailed them a week ago, but no response. less than impressed & frankly losing interest in the whole thing :-(
got tracking number in poland, package in transit. can't wait.
woe be to us poor americans, there's two ships of angry vikings raging off our coast and about to make landfall.
if it's 2 months late for the us i'll still consider it a fast project. most projects run much later. i don't have any complaints except for the exclusives. those sculpts are way too nice to be exclusives.
yeah, realistically, ppl could start (in the us) getting their copies next friday or so. i wouldn't expect it, but i think it could happen. just depends, really, on customs.
cool, i thought i read comments from folk in the u.s. that received their items. i know europe is receiving it. thanks.
@ernster, dude, the us shipments haven't even hit port yet. not scheduled until tomorrow and next sunday. yours could be on either boat and then they all need to be unloaded along with the hundreds of other shipping containers, get to the warehouse and then onto the postal trucks. you have a week or three left.
the us pledges are still on the boat. final stop for us is savannah, which is the next stop (tomorrow morning).
i have not received my pledge in california yet, should i be worried? no e-mail notification either.
i don't think either ship is/was affected by the hurricane.  the ever lissome is already en route to savannah, and the ever liven should be very close to ny now.  the hurricane is moving further east into the atlantic, so it shouldn't be much of a problem.
received my package (france) on friday so much figurines :)  thanks a lot the game is great !!!
@markus zernig: still waiting for delivery, but i got a tracking number yesterday - it is in transit in neufahrn (de). expecting it for monday or tuesday (vienna).
@christopher beller: weather here is mild, but really wet. nothing that would keep the ship from leaving, add to which the hurricane is tracking further north and miss this area. luckily it's south of the track so shouldn't be any delays to savannah. the other ship may be held up though since it would be arriving in new york soon.
played the game yesterday with 4 friends. it made tons of fun : )
@godfather punk rum&bones followed this route: hamburg - neu-ulm - ludwigsburg - best (nl) - mechelen (be). not exactly a straight line. also dpd classic does not deliver on saterday.
still no tracking number got in austria! changed my mailaddress since then! hope they´ll notice my mails where to send the trackingnumber! otherwise i´ll get no game!
is there a regular rhyme or reason cmon prioritizes ship orders? is it alphabetical? hope not, or i'm f$@#ed. lol.  (american backer)
ship has been updated....moving again, and shows it will reach savannah by 8 am (est) sunday morning. woo hoo!
i don't think that long. unless customs really holds things up. once cmon has the container, i think things will move very quickly (remember, everything is already packed and labeled. all they need to do is grab and ship)
i'm calling it for us+row, early november at best :-/ (not hating on cmon, just stating how things are)
it appears as though the first us bound ship (ever lissome) may he stuck in norfolk?  was supposed to leave for savannah today, but still moored. so sad...
got it here in north west of france, nothing missing, only one bent spear (easy to fix) very happy with the game :)
received mine today (in france ) greattt jobb !!!!  just can't wait to play !! well done cmon !!!
in the netherlands and now have a tracking code. so tomorrow or monday i guess.
my first kickstarter  has arrived!! blood rage looks amazing!! cannot wait to play with the lads!! :) thanks cmon!!
so, any news for russia?
anyone living in norfolk, va? how is the weather there? the ever lissome is supposed to leave for savannah today...but with the storm i have heard about, not sure.
@all has anyone heard back about missing components.
i got a tracking number.... hopefully i'll get on monday....
tracking info... neu-ulm? how the heck did my parcel end up in neu-ulm? didn't the ships arrive in hamburg? it is a nice name for a warhammer city though.
oh, yeah. just received my tracking number too. i suppose dpd doesn't deliver on saturday?
never mind - just got my tracking info.  hopefully it'll be here monday.
for portugal, received today the tracking number. it is in transit from germany
also received our tracking number :d can't wait
vienna(austria) here. finally received the dpd tracking number several minutes ago :)
just recieved my tracking number... its on the way
@chooi if you're phoning just press has key and if the automated voice says he doesn't recognise it keep doing it 2 or 3 times and he will put you through to a person
@godfather punk... this is utterly annoying i was used to get my pledge super soon in the past. i won't be playing this weekend... gvd!!!
belgium here (west vlaanderen) ... still nothing
any word on canada?
nothing in the very heart of belgium
called dpd, they have nothing to my address postcode. ah well, it looks like i am not in the first wave, which is inexplicable as friends in neighbouring cities got theirs
@maxpiper how do i contact dpd to check? when i tried, it kept asking me for tracking number which i obviously don't have.
@max piper, you and i may be only ones i know in uk who have not received their games. everyone else i know in uk have!
nothing in the very south of belgium
@james mckane  is the storm bad? wind and rain and all that keeping the ships from leaving port? hopefully it will be able to leave norfolk today and get to savannah on time.
amsterdam here, i hope that dpd comes today (or tomorrow). will see tonight what happens...
@sibowitz it will likely take another week or two assuming aussie customs hasn't decided to keep the games to play themselves!
this is ironical, the ever lissome ship is moored in norfolk, va. i can see it from my office. i'll be able to watch it leave for atlanta only to have it ship back to me. so close but so far. where's my longship and clan? feel a raid coming on.
@max all the eu packages should be sent by the end of this week, that means that the last package ships from the hub today. then we'll recieve them (alas i am also one of the cursed people who will get the game when all the joy and all hope has left my body) during next week.
@simona i have backed viceroy earlier, although using a friends account. i do understand the delays,i do understand how shipping works,  i do understand the laws governing each country have a major impact on the delivery pricing( and yet i do believe that since i am paying one third of this game's price for delivery i could get at least some precise information on when i will get it). what i do not understand is why even though i have backed this project, like most of you, i will not receive the game before it is available in the stores ? i thought this was the idea behind kicstarter bordgames. it is true this is my first ks of a cmon board game, but if the only information i was presented with, in regards to delivery date, is the one found in the pledge manager i chose to believe this must be the date. whye else would it be there ? i'd rather read i won't be getting the game for another few weeks and maybe receive it earlier than the other way round. in short, i get it, i just need to wait, sure, no problem, simply more information would be nice.
@markus zernig: neither package nor tracking number yet (near vienna, austria)
@maciek i see that this is basically your first ever kickstarter... with cmon, the pledge manager shows to everyone that you are in the 1st wave. it doesn't mean you get it in the first week of delivery. you will not get yours in the end of october, your (poland) and ours (czech) packages are just sent from the hub the last, because our countries are small and not so significant as germany/uk (not that many backers are from our countries). the expensive postage is the "fault" of our countries, or better said the small number of backers - it is much more cost efficient to do bulk shipment to uk (of a lot of packages) than five to poland and three to czech republic. @all cmon said that the delivery will be done by today which never meant that you will get your package by today. it means that the hub will be done with forwarding the packages to dpd. then, it takes another couple of days to get to you.... and moreover, for cmon, the estimated time of september is not when you receive your package but usually when the boat leaves the china factory... you should get used to that, you have backed conan and believe me, this will have much longer delay...
cheers riely
anyone in cmon we can contact regarding consignment or tracking numbers so we can follow up on our deliveries?
@gabriel, thanks for the photos. i'm even more excited now (nervous the wife will see it before i get to it ;) ).
anyone in ireland gotten their pledge yet.  impatiently waiting on mine and irrationally bother by the fact that many of my uk peeps have theirs for a week whilst i'm still waiting....
max- you need to log in on a computer. top right corner. select blood rage. should be there
*sigh * staill waiting here in denmark
@maciek - i have exactly the same feelings regarding the cost.
i was scheduled for the 1st wave of shipment in september 2015 still did not receive the package. if the uk did not receive theirs that means i will probably get mine near the end of october, after essen, where the game will be available to buy for everyone… to tell you the truth i am a little dissatisfied with this, not to mention the shipping cost to deliver the package to poland is 2 times that of a delivery cost to firkin germany i will get my game after everyone else.
just contacted dpd and my last parcel was june so mine definitely hasnt even been dispatched. (i'm uk) thought the eu was supposed to be finished by the end of this week. how do i find my backer number. i need to find out if it was even on the boat
@michael sprague, the shipping dates were in an update a while ago. usa is pretty much the bottom of the list (and the rest of us chortle at the reversal of fate, then feel mildly guilty).
bonjour a tous reçut au dépôt superbe en france dans le 91000 rien ne manque premier ks merci cmon.
i'm confused... i thought the staggered shipping was to get it out to everyone, relatively, at the same time.... but lots of non-usa people are getting it, and ours are still on a boat....
gabriel merin cubero@ i like the pictures but what a bad cut in the box. they treat packaged a little to ruff. but it seems everything was in order after all.
anyone in austria who got it already? no tracking number at all!
didn't received it yet (netherlands) but all hopes on today. will have a game night this evening so would be great if we can play bloodrage!
okay, definitely gonna need a bigger house...
if anyone wants to see what exactly are going to receive, i have uploaded some images to my blog. it's in spanish but the images speak by themselves :d https://jugarypintar.wordpress.com/2015/09/29/desempaquetado-de-blood-rage/
anyone from portugal received it?
it arrived 6 days ago in denmark and i couldn't be happier. looks awesome :-)
@rsm, australian customs probably hocking br on ebay right now:). the waiting is killing me..
any news on australian customs clearance yet??
received mine 2 days ago. played it today with friends, they loved it. easy to play, difficult to master. love it ;)
got mine two days ago in italy. it's a fantastic product!
received today and it's superb. everything (even down to the individual boxes) is very high quality. why are morons complaining about bent spears when you can pay £50 for a single mini from forgeworld and get the same thing!? just use hot water. thank you cmon and kickstarter.
so as i said, it arrived today (belgium), i received the tracking number by e-mail yesterday. checked the contents, everything accounted for and undamaged (save for one little dent on a 5th player expansion, but i'm nitpicking here), three pledges (one for me, the others for friends) in 3 boxes. amazing quality and detail (the frost giant is probably my favourite). some spears are indeed a bit bent, but nothing some hot water or a hair dryer won't fix; @godfather punk: the game is indeed in english (never expected or wished it to be in french).  and very glad i got the art book as well!  considering the delivery was estimated in september and it's october 1, i'm more than happy :-) i guess it's only a matter of days before all the belgian pledges arrive, patience my friends..  now to find the time to play a game, that's probably going to be the biggest challenge.
sucks about all the bent minis. maybe they used wizkids manufacturer haha
i'm really hoping that the oncoming hurricane doesn't affect the us deliveries.  one of the ships (the ever lissome) is just about to arrive in virginia, and then it's down the east coast to savanah...my guess is it will probably remain moored until the storm passes, assuming it's bad.
for all the people worried about bend spears: apply a hair dryer just a few seconds and put it properly, it works ;)
still nothing in brussels for me... some friends of mine have already received their boxes yet. maybe tomorrow ? i hope so...
just got mine yesterday in france. it's awesome all those products !
just got mine. a lot of the swords and spears are wonky...
@walkerbloke: i'm sure it's randomly...
just received it ! awesome !
anyone got their copy in finland yet? which company delivered or will deliver @cmon? has anyone even got tracking id? can't really stay home waiting if there's no info beforehand... how about sweden? or estonia? anything? someone say something if you know. thanks.
i'm watching all these comments, especially those from the uk [where i'm based], and i'm getting a little nervous that i haven't received anything yet.  are packages sent out alphabetically, or randomly, or by order of pledge? there doesn't seem to be any obvious pattern.  i'm a patient fellow, but i'm now seeing it for sale on ebay...
holy cow!! still nothing in the very deep south of belgium...
belgium here, brabant wallon, triple pledge delivered this afternoon.. i'm checking now whether everything's there!
@marco not yetyet from an. ab resident
@davidp - rest assured poland will be the last eu country to get the rewards, we always get the short end of the stick.
@davidp: i'm from austria and still waiting for a tracking number and the game, so add austria to your "list" ;-)
from belgium, no tack at the moment but it seems that most of french backers already received it.  i assume that belgium (and maybe netherlands) will be the lasts served :-(
@godfather punk only english version, as said in the ks page.
just received in france: oh my god, this is awesome 8)
portugal anyone?
i meant 'pour la gloire!' i'm mixing up my ks's :^p
i live in belgium, but i think there is only one version: the english one.
ok, thanks @jihel. i saw you were in nivelles so i thought it could have been a reason for different delivery, but i'm probably just on the second boat. rage de sang! levez vos epées! ;^)
@godfather punk: i don't think they're sending out other languages than french, are they? (though i'm in the french speaking part of belgium, i'd be disappointed if i got blood rage in french ^^) - anyways, will post back when i get it, should be today or tomorrow...
does any one knows the exact card sleeve size?
@the belgians who already got their package - was this the english version or a french version of the game?  i'm just wondering why certain parts of the country got served and others not (yet).
which courier deliver the parcel in the eu? dpd will handle all the eu countries? no sign of the game in hungary yet, and i did not get tracking inforamtion.
anyone in the netherlands have their package yet?? no sign of it here so far, also have not received any mail regarding tracking codes. according to the pm, my package should be in the first wave, so hoping for an end of the week delivery!
my parcel arrived yesterday and i must say i am quite impressed by the quality in this project: great packaging, awesome minis, and quite a lot of stuff. it is one of the best project backed up to this date. great work and i can't wait to have my first game! very happy to be part of this great project!
finally !!! got it  ! (france) thanks again cmon
mine has arrived and will be waiting for me to go through it all when i get back from work. i can not wait to get back and have a look through it all
@cmon does tyr from the god of asgard expansion also takes effect during quest phase? or only affect str during battles?
@ thomasen looks great, but i don't have a bgg account. are you going to upload it anywhere else? does "ks exclusives" mean the mystics and gods expansions as well? thanks!
and not a word in australia...still.
nothing in poland
yeah! it was like a second birthday for me, yesterday. got my box before getting the trcking id via mail. funny things happen. the game looks totally awsome, great quallity and the minis will be worth to be painted. thanks a lot to cmon and guillotine games and all others involved. as my first kickstarter, this was perfect.
i guess it's recovering current rage
does the battle card "thor's ascension"(if you win, gain 3 rage and 3 glory) recovers current rage or increases the rage stat?
@ macro sdao : nothing in quebec :-(...
i have not even received a tracking number :*(**
has anyone in canada received a copy yet?
me too! got today in france (chartres near paris)... wonderful figs ! nice packaging ! all is great ! ;)
got it in france (west) ! but not unboxed for now ! happy =)
got it in denmark. the figures are really awesome!! better details than expected and the plastic is harder which i like better than the semi soft stuff.
spent an hour or so to put everything in ziploc bags and now it all fits in the main box. can't wait to get it to the table this friday!
el terrible@ nothing in sweden so far :(
nothing in belgium. jasoooon!!!
i already got my shipment. germany
@cmon thanks for the email address. i've sent one over about my missing serpent mystics. i mean honestly, how am i meant to die gloriously in battle without the sage words of the serpent mystics.
@christopher awww i was hoping they'd be unloading in nyc as i live in east pa, just a stone's throw (or a ups truckride more like it) away.  i needs me some blooooddd raaagggee
i made a tuckbox for all the small cards and posted it on bgg https://boardgamegeek.com/filepage/122852/tuckbox-all-small-cards i hope all people/companies involved in this project are fine with that.
hello everyone! all of you having issues with missing components or incomplete orders: can you please write to support@cmon.com so we can help you? thank you!
tracking number received, i'll received mine tomorrow (notre of france), i'm so happy !!!
never mind, just saw the date was a couple days ago. still. yea
looks like the first us ship just moored in the new york port a couple minutes ago. yea
@christopher beller, there really haven't been that many reports of damaged/missing components.  it just seems like a lot because anyone with that kind of problem will most likely report it here, whereas people who receive perfect copies are less likely to mention it.
christopher: almost 10k backers ... how many reports of damaged / missing components? my shipment was in pristine condition, nothing missing.
my blood rage shipment arrived on saturday ... today i got the tracking info ;)
really making me nervous with all the reports of damaged and missing components. is this normal?
bonjour a tous je vient recevoir la mine il m attend au dépôt tout excité c est mon premier ks france du nord.
by the ozone divine! my viking patience is being tested while i wait for the longship to arrive with my package... /theschwartz of denmark
@cmon is there an email address to report missing components. i am missing two serpent mystics and i have two extra bear mystics.
sadly mine in uk not here yet, despite many friends in region have gotten theirs a few days ago.
any swedes got theirs yet?
received today in the uk. looks really good. massive congratulations on a very well run ks with excellent communications throughout. onwards to the next game!!!
i received bloodrage today (in france). excellent job ! congratulations and many thanks to all !
the ever lissome is supposed to leave new york sometime today, be in norfolk tomorrow, then in savannah sunday (where i believe the blood rage container will be unloaded). then customs and then on to atlanta (or alpharetta? ), and then quick shipments... hopefully.
got mine today (near bordeaux, france). everything is in order, just a couple of spears to fix. i'm weeping of joy.
@rodney yeah, it's been there two days now - dunno how long it takes to unload a ship of that size but it's gotta be well under way by now.  now to pray to the gods your copy is the lissome as the the ever liven is still a few days from docking.
just picked up my box in copenhagen :)
looks like the ever lissom has made port in new york in the us.
got the tracking number today. the package came yesterday. someone is cheating with magicstuff here :d and everything is complete, unbroken and gorgeous, or rather very gorgeous!
@jihel: did you receive the tracking number through email or on the ckpm?
@ron d. looking on the dpd website does show 2 deliveries now so i guess the 2nd box has been delivered today.
wohoo just received a tracking number, it's in transit... (just hope it's up to date as i'm not home now ^^) (belgium, brabant wallon)
owwww :'( still nothing here :(
wow, what a timing! i received both the tracking number and my pledge at the same time... (lyon, france) :-d
still nothing here (france), what a pressure seeing so many french people having it in their hands. tomorrow i hope.
ok... just get the email with the tracking number and further informations... one day after getting the package... not really helpfully - but i`am fine with this, sending out so many notifications takes its time.
@jason, no, they came together. but as they were packaged separately, they might end up being delivered separately.
cmon, there is a problem with my delivery address i contacted your customer service about five days ago (request #33061) but i haven't heard back. i'm getting really worried i might not get my package, and i need the tracking code to sort this out with dpd. i'd really appreciate it if i'd hear from you soon.
were the boxes delivered separately @ron d. ?
jason, i got my pledges in separate boxes.
i bought a ragnarok level and 5th player expansion and an extra ragnarok pledge in the pm. i receieved one ragnarok pledge and the 5th player but not the extra ragnarok pledge. is this correct, are you splitting the shipments?
ochlik... i do not think there is a french version.. maybe il est temps d'apprendre l'anglais???... lol
your assumption is correct... i guess...
just received my stuff, the delivery man was already at the neighbor's door when i came into the street. luckily i was able to accept the stuff myself.  everything looks great except for a dented corner of the game box :(. it won't interfere with the game, but it is a shame. i assume that's not replaceable?
you need less then 150 card sleeves (all together round abaout 130 i think, the yellow ones from fantasy flight fitting perfect, i wrote the exact sleeve dimensions some posts below in this threat.
colis reçu en france, mais jeux en anglais. comment faire pour l'avoir en français. merci d'avance
sorry if this has been asked before. but if i got the base game and the fifth player expansion how many sleeves will i need for everything including the kickstarter exclusives? and what size?
my blood rage and all add-ons came today, all in one large box. seems all there but i'll have to give it a more thorough inspection. dpd just delivered it randomly with no prior warning or tracking number.
colis reçu en france !
is it valid grounds for divorce if your delivery was attempted while your wife was out all morning buying her sisters birthday present!!
unboxed, straightened a few spears in hot water and repacked everything into zipperbags. everything fits quite nicely into the basis box. every clan has its token and minis, all the expansions (gods, 5 players, extra monster etc.) have their seperate bags.  i like it :d https://www.dropbox.com/s/ih9jxf3m20mmqk0/img_20150930_133858.jpg… https://www.dropbox.com/s/iupd97k4sxio9xq/img_20150930_133933.jpg…
polish fans, could you please share with the rest of us when you get the package?
haha it would be nice if the amputee was tyr...
got mine today (germany, dpd), had a double pledge for a friend. my fire giant was missing a hand though, anybody else had amputees in their box? i thought *we'd* be playing ragnarok, not that it has already happened to some minis. ;-)
still waiting in the uk for mine, getting a bit annoyed as others in my town have had their delivery.
someone in portugal receive it yet? what company?
that's 5 people from bremen in total.. nice 5 player game, right? :) just got my box! so many lovely things. rules are clearly written and will be easy to understand after a test run i think.
just opened my gods of asgard box and a very important piece is missing, odin is nowhere to be found, which is strange as his throne is in the box.
another bremer here!!
i'm also from bremen ;)
i just received my shipment from china to here in malaysia. excellent packing - everything checked and verified in 15 minutes.
@mib  we should all meet up in bremen!
@frank schaub  i live in bremen too! we should have a game of blood rage quite soon :d still waiting for my box though :(
put them in hot water and ice water afterwards. problem solved.
@tomasz - nothing yet in poland as well:(
still waiting for ours (ghent, belgium) :( perhaps today is the day... on the bright side, we just received word that our r&b has been send (don't know what went wrong) so that's on its way as well :d
for those of you having issues with the bend spears and so, a hair dryer is a very good way to remodel them too. no need to overheat the miniature, 8 secs is more than enough, just test it, i did it yesterday and everything is ok right now ;) hope you enjoy the minis as i did!!!
cmon, could you please respond to my messages concerning faulty shipping address and lost package? thanks.
@serialmom: apparently bent spears and swords is a common problem. fortunately it can easily be fixed with very hot water. i fixed mine: http://imgbin.org/index.php…
got my bigpack yesterday (bremen in germany) great work, cool minis, so i have to start painting now� . but because of one clan extra i can paint one and still play with the rest, thats great.
i already planned a game for friday night, so i really hope to get it in time! maybe today's the day!
hi. any news about shipment in poland? no sign of package, and no tracking no.
i got mine yesterday. the details of the minis are great, but unfortunately all the minis with spears and staffs are bend. this is not nice can this be fixed somehow.
got mine today. the minis are fantastic :-)
@thewriggler, if suspect the same. i was hoping for the game by the end of the week or early next, but if cmon haven't even heard anything, it's unlikely.
thanks @thomasdn! that tuckbox will be awesome for this game, and probably a bunch of others as well!
my package has arrived today in the ruhrpott, germany.
forgive me for posting this again, but it really is very useful: in order to keep the cards from rattling around the box i can highly recommend the "super deluxe tuckbox template maker": http://www.cpforbes.net/tuckbox/ i now have my cards in this: http://imgbin.org/index.php… the cards still fit in the plastic insert. you could also discard the plastic insert altogether as the cards are protected just fine in the tuck box.
thanks to all who gave advise about deformed minis. hot water worked like magic: http://imgbin.org/index.php…
starting to seem like us in the west coast in the us won't be seeing our copies until mid november?  would that be a safe assumption?
opening up the packing box was awesome! so many boxes inside :-d yet to break any seals but all looks splendid. best kickstarter yet!
arrived today, everything seems to be accounted for, the detail is truly amazing :) only issue, the stack of cards in the core box is damaged :(
nothing in brussels for me... but a friend of mind has received it yesterday. maybe tomorrow...
game + 5-player-expansion arrived in munich today. i'm fu**ing impressed at the whole thing, really. splendid production value all around. just wow.
got mine yesterday afternoon (in uk, near london), and just wanted to say... wow... just seriously guys @cmon, give yerselves a jolly good pat on the back... amazing minis. love it all :d the detail is so so crisp and good!
i'm starting to suspect that the australian customs officials have busted open the br boxes and are right now enjoying ragnarok.....
got mine today in neuss, germany! happy day! :d
mine arrived in bremen today, dpd. they did not catch anyone, so i'll have it dropped of tomorrow. unfortunatly, i am in vancouver for the week :(
mine received in spain one hour ago. no tracking number, the game looks excelent! but i ordered 2 copies and has only gotten one. does anyone else with the same problem?
got mine in koblenz, germany today! simply amazing how detailed the miniaturen are. fantastic job.
wow.. kind of lost track of this, good to hear things are shipping out.. are we supposed to get a tracking number first? i haven't received anything, and i'm puzzled, as the pledge manager (which i checked for zombicide black plague) indicates the order is confirmed but still asks me to confirm my address though i am sure i had triple checked it when i finalising the order.  (btw, located in belgium, center)
i received my order this morning in spain. simply amazing. the miniatures are awasome, super detailed. the best yet.
mine arrived in stuttgart, germany today :)
also, may i add: holy fuckamole, there are a lot of boxes! :o
denmark here: i finally received my game! :)  (it had actually arrived some days ago; the post office had just been slow in sending out a notification that it was there.)
would seem the first of the us ships the ever lissome is docked in new york. lets hope we get tracking numbers before getting the game.
@deadwood everyone else has received complete packages i'd raise a ticket
hi cmon could you give out info on shipping please as i have two thirds of my pledge missing, uk pledger.  contacted dpd and they told me only one box had been sent, will we receive new tracking numbers when rest sent out?  will i be receiving others separately or do i need to raise a ticket?
@ linus hoglund: check out our history, denmark and northern germany are also areas where northern tribes lived  ;-) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hedeby
received blood rage and all the extras in germany today! great packaging. can't wait to play!
arrived at norht of spain! great minis, exceptional packaging. hesitated to start painting and/or playtest the game.
nothing here also, blood rage pledge number #68052, how can i get tracking information?
has already reached my game, a last of things to come, very beautiful miniatures, great, thank you very much,
i will bend mine back by immersing them in boiling blood od a fire wyrm, like a true warrior.
still nothing yet even though someone in same town got it yesterday and someone in next town over (30 min drive) got it friday >.> south england
@ lazy use hot water :)
still nothing at lille, france. tomorrow maybe ?
you could try dropping the bent figure in hot water - it should then adjust back to the correct position, then retrieve it (using tweezers) and  drop it in cold water to set the new pose. not tried it for blood rage figures, but works on others.
arrived yesterday in swansea, south wales. the miniatures are of a excellent quality although a few have very bent standards and swords. does anyone know of a safe way to straighten them without snapping?
some people report getting their games in various parts of france...although i have yet to get mine (north west of france) i guess it's imminent.
bonjour de la france toujours rien pour l instant.
hello all,  received a huge package today in the netherlands. everything is in good order thx cmon!
jsut got mine... unboxing time :)
got mine yesterday, played it, loved it, playing it again tonight. i got loads of points by sacrificing my own dudes to gain cult spaces and then points for each person in valhalla! :)
bene@ since when did northern germany count to scandinavia xd
so my pledge arrived yesterday and got my tracking number today. for a laugh i thought i'd try it out and said it was in some depot even though i was sat next to my copy of the game. gave me a good chuckle. bendy spears were fixed with hot water (heated a bit more than usual since the plastic is a tad hardier than normal) and everything was good to go. the rules are easy to pick up, beautiful componts all round and a fun game to play with what i saw with my dry run. also, everything was present and accounted for.  fenrir is by far my favourite mini in this game and i've already begun painting him.
got it!!! everything alright it seems, lots of things to look at right now xd ty cmon!
still waiting in derby uk getting annoyed as my friend got his and i'm still waiting.
(also from belgium, near ghent)
still nothing here :( but at least we got a reply on where our r&b is, so it's something :d
@gryskull : i read yesterday that one or two belgian received their parcels. right now still nothing for me (near namur) but the day is still young
thanks guys. this was a great ride! now i have to go back to valhalla!
nothing in belgium
got mine ten minutes ago in france..... one word : amazing !!!
wrong ks
thiago sad the sg sins will not be available as addon aslong there is no high demand for it.
i'm guessing things get shipped as they find the packages in the container as i haven't gotten mine and other in my country seem to have gotten theirs, still haven't gotten any shipping notice, then again that's not any new when it come to cmon for me ad least, and when it concerns ks.
after a long, exhausting journey full of pillaging the vikings finally came back to their homegrounds.  in other words: blood rage arrived northern germany (kiel) - all parts seems to be complete on the first look.  really brilliant models with very nice details for boardgame miniatures - definitely usable for tabletop games. the scale is tabletop-standard but in truescale so they are not as bulky as the heroe-scale (like warhammer) and a little bit higher. the models of the gods are bigger and so not 45mm standard - fits for gods in the boardgame but not really useable as humans in most tabletop games. if you want to protect your cards you can use the card-sleeves in the format: 41mm x 63mm  (or in inch: 1 5/8in x 2 1/2in) - the small yellow ones from fantasy flight fit perfect. this evening we will try a two players game - i hope the rules are as good as the game - materials.
yay got mine (uk), boo wasn't at home and neighbor who accepted it was out when i got home last night :-(. t hought about breaking in, but a bit extreme!!! ;-)
aussie shipment is probably buried out back alongside johnny depp's dogs.
@jacinto : because it takes into account every game from the ckpm and the number is thus not only in the bloodrage count
did anyone received his pledge in france ? can't wait anymore to crush skulls !
got mine in south of england - could not believe the quality when i unboxed! absolutely excellent and one hell of a game. can't wait to play and roll on zombicide!
had a look at the components yesterday - absolutely stunning. so happy i backed this!
ops wrong comment section my bad
@petey  aaaaaaaaaaand it seems you were right on that... well since the color dice aren0t coming soon tyou can just take whites for accuracy and black for brawl and so you are set without fiddling too much
how is it possible to be pledge number #63115 (i am) being early bird and taking into account there are "only" 9825 backers? may someone explain it to me, please? ^^u
oh, and of course the invading and upgrading was spread over said first turn and my next turn, i got that part of the rules about actions into my thick skull already ;) as i said, i was likely overly cautious. vikings aren't. and they don't want to spend 4 rage if they can spend two instead \m/
i have a quick question: if i have a boat upgrade card (gain 4 glory if your boat is destroyed) i can pay 2 rage for the upgrade`s cost and invade the boat for free when it's not on the board already, aye? i erred on the side of caution, because it was the first turn ever and invaded with my boat, then upgraded it, but for future, non-test games i'd like to make sure i've got it right. ps: my ragnarök box was #49 out of 11k, i dooo feel a little bit special :d  still in the top 50!
does anyone know which card sleeves i would need for the cards?
sorry, wrong thread... but i did also receive my copy of blood rage yesterday! thanks cmon! minis look absolutely awesome, other components look great, just wish the player boards were a little chunkier. looking forward getting this one on the table. a few of the minis are warped (swords, spears in particular). anyone come across a safe method for reshaping?
hi mates, mine arrived yesterday. it was perfectly packaged... and the contents.. omfg!..amazing minis, design etc. ace job cmon!
received my deluxe copy yesterday (uk). game looks great, looking forward to playing tonight. thanks all at gamelyn!
just received mine in denmark. no notification from ckpm or tracking number whatsoever. pleasantly surprised.
at last i received my package from spain!!!!! the figures are awesome... details everywhere and high quality in all of the tokens, cards, figures (of course). the game is terrific, but the figure of fehnrir... wow!!!!! lot's of thanks for make this possible ;)
nope, the package arrives totally unannounced (at least in my case it did).
@javier - on my previous projects i see the tracking number is updated in the pledge manager. but usually only hours after the package was delivered... meanwhile still no blood rage in belgium. :^(
for those that have already received their package, do they update the pledge manager with the tracking info? i´m from spain and although it seems that spanish people is receiving their packs, in my pledge manager page there is no info about shipping company neither tracking. thanks a lot.
@ barry. thanks i'll take a look after work. didnt have time to open everything as there is so much in the box!
good morning all. really excited to be getting my blood rage soon, my first ever ks! just over a week left on the others now, another eric lang game, with stunning artwork by adrian smith again. i know some people wanted to see a bit further/learn more than the basic game play had to offer, so check out the latest a update, it has the first full draft of the rules made, with artwork completed in it too.
@ben - they are included in wildboar extra clan box (at least that box says they are in there)
is anyone else missing the kickstarter exclusive tokens?  i've checked the main box and they're not in there.
i got my package last friday. i'm in bristol, england. it's a birthday present so  i can't open it for another month but the box appears to be undamaged. the suspense is killing me :)
@balgin, i had read somewhere about immersing the miniature in warm water to help straighten them out...
13 days to clear oz customs, man those customs officials are so zippy, makes em worth every dollar.
i guess if the hot water cold water method will not work , there is always the metal wire/rod replacements and some green stuff.  nothing like a home made , fully battle ready metal  spear on a mini . o.o
alas the curse of the bendy spears has struck. not a single straight spear in the entire box. since the figures appear to be made of a fairly hard plastic i'm not sure if it will be possible to straighten them. gorgeous sculpts all 'round 'though.
hey guys - another package arrived safely here in the uk. european copies definitely are arriving :).
@bruce hansen, just saw that myself. cannot wait!
happy to report that my package arrived in the uk. complete surprise as there was no notification. working through the contents but what i have opened so far looks excellent, especially fenrir.
curse you australian customs. ah well, at least it's here somewhere.
got mine today also - also no prior notification. thankfully my neighbour was in to take it off dpd and keep it for me.  minis look fabulous. just need time now to crack it out and play...
mine arrived in leicester, uk today. no notification before deliver. i hope people receive theirs soon! such a great kickstarter!
someone receive it portugal?
got the package this morning in the uk, absolutely awesome kickstarter! got sent a tracking number on sat, hope others get theres soon.
backer number  #776
bit worrying, uk here with no news on my package, but others in the uk have received theirs.
no update on shipping here in the netherlands... do you get a tracking code by mail or?
someone receive something wrong? i ask for 2 core games and the 5th player expansion and only get one core game with the extras...  anyone with the same problem? anyone with a similar problem with this or another cmon game?   i hope they seend me son the rest of my pledge...
i got one age of playtime already! eff yeah. everything is great, except for those cards. man, they're tiny. i have nimble fingers, short nails and regular sized hands and when i tried to pick a single card up off the kitchen table i gave up. tiny card and polished surface equals no fun. i also lost a man to hel already, no idea where he is after i cleaned a bunch of them with soap and water for priming. he's ram clan, so he cost a lot of money, too (the alt dark elf is a gorgeous sculpt with a great pose and best detail i've seen in a pvc mini so far!).
i have now looked over all the contents - this is one high-production-value game - just beautiful. i wish i had pledged for at least one more core game to get more giants and trolls and fenrir - those miniatures are absolutely gorgeous!
i have my blood rage here in spain yet!! i cannot open to check the inside because i work out of my place...but here it is!!!
i have to work wednesday,thursday,friday 9am-9pm,so i really really hope it comes tomorrow...or else....t.t
london backer, got mine! surprised by how much 'stuff' is in there! i need to upgrade my storage solution... had the artbook and everything else in one hefty box. very pleased.
has anyone got theirs in finland yet? i'm wondering which courier will deliver the shipment or will it be handled by post? i have not received any tracking number and have no idea how the shipment will reach me or where to ask it from. shipments are not left at the doors here and companies won't call sometimes and i'm actually not sure if we were asked for phone numbers when filling the survey.
got my copy of blood rage today. everything appears to be present and correct.
...and another one received just south of lincoln!  looks like dpd subbed delivery out to 3rd party to complete.  arrived with no tracking number notification.  i phoned dpd on saturday and the guy i spoke to said he'd got nothing pending delivery for me over the weekend or on monday, so a great surprise.  just about to start unboxing now...
got mine this morning! just unboxed, all looks great, just surprised by the cards size... smaller than everything i've ever seen. zombicide size? i can't check right now. for the glory!!!
mine arrived in lincoln today, very pleased. the models are fantastic! will be watching the others 7 sins now, if this is the standard!
got my pledge today, (north west england) yay!!! have to wait until my birthday at the end of november before i can actually have it, boo!!!
yep exactly the same problem, two thirds missing, uk pledger. contacted dpd and they told me only one box had been sent, will we receive new tracking numbers when rest sent out? same problem with rum & bones.
@dirk: nope, no info beforehand. wasn't expecting delivery before next week, to be honest.
yay! got it! chuffed is an understatement
@dirk no tracking number before dpd in germany
arrived in central uk today; no real warning or tracking etc so a big fat surprise. nice stuff though :)
did you german guys, that allready have gotten your order, get any information like tracking number, etc. beforehand? haven´t any information like that in my pledge manager and don´t know if i even should look out for it.
i hope sweden will get it this week. it would fit perfect on my game group event this weekend
nothing here in france. do we have a tracking number or a confirmation that the package has shipped ?
does any swiss get theirs ?
mine's arrived today (central italy!) as previously stated! wonderful masterpiece, really great game and by far my best backed project! this game rocks!!! thank you very much cmon!
i was really hoping to get mine today, but no such luck....
mine (and those of three others in the office!) arrived this morning in nottingham.
oh, should add: münster, germany here. so, it might be trickling south from hamburg... :)
oooooooooooooooo! the eagle has landed! returning from work i found a nice, chunky box at my doorstep... one quick question though - will the art book be shipped in a later phase or do i have to file a missing items complaint? i did order it (just checked my pm), but can't find it...
blood rage just arrived!  great minis, so good to see how the quality has improved since cmon/guillotine's early games (1st edition sedition wars anyone?). mostly really happy with all the components, except for the player boards.  very disappointed with the thin card stock used for these.  they look great, until you pick them up and realize there really lacking in durability.  i'd suggest looking at what companies like gale force 9 have used for similar pieces in their games.  makes for much more durable pieces. slightly worried that i'm going to get similar naff quality card with b-sieged and zombicide black death now.
whoooooooo! blood rage package has arrived!  https://instagram.com/p/8lruttj1tf/…
nothing for me (germany, niedersachsen close to bremen) today. but i can wait ;-).
nothing for me in munich, germany. anyone from around here had better luck so far? (have lost a couple of international packages the last couple of weeks, would hate if that happened with br, especially since any kind of replacement would be weeks off and coming from us, with customs trouble, which i suspect of still sitting on my exploding kittens, which was one of the lost packages...)
thanks!
us backers - the first of two cargo ships is just outside the nyc port right now.  ragnarok is coming, dear brothers and sisters!
@benjamin schmauss: it will. the 5th player expansion is mentioned separately because it was an optional buy, while the mystics of midgard were stretch goals and therefore a part of your base pledge.
arrived today in hamburg germany!
finally got around to getting all the minis out and putting them all together on my table and they really are remarkable. the big monsters are absolutely fantastic, while the regular vikings are all excellent. hopefully should get my first game of it going this weekend, but with the standard of the figures i really see the game bit as a complete bonus tbh. i'd probably have paid twice as much for the figures alone, they are that good
arrived earlier today in london. can't unbox until tomorrow evening and the box says 5 player expansion and core game, but doesn't mention the shaman expansion... will it be in there?
contacted dpd and they told me only one box had been sent, will we receive new tracking numbers when rest sent out? same problem with rum & bones.
yep exactly the same problem, two thirds missing, uk pledger.
arrived today in uk -(london) amazingly high quality product throughout. have to play this asap. great stuff!
mine came this morning (i live in spain)! everything in mint condition! very happy with cmon!
still nothing for me (in germany).  it's starting to get a little frustrating as yesterday would have been a perfect opportunity to play the game, and tomorrow looks like it will be another...if only i had my copy of blood rage already.
i got mine this morning, grest stuf! my gf first wanted to play, but upon hearing that we'd have to slaughter each other('s little plastic men) she didn't want to anymore. she's reading the rules now, but i'm not sure it'll happen.
mine arrived in the uk today. generally looks great, especially the big solid figures. i'm not sure our heroic warriors would have been very happy going into battle with their bent weapons though. (not that i'm properly complaining, those thin plastic weapons were always going to get warped somewhere down the line).
i doubled down as well.   box has 1 of 2 written on it, but the invoice attached to the side of the box says it is for 2 core games + 2 ragnorak packs.   box contains one awesome looking game and a second tightly packed box of ks goodness.   but only 1 of my 2 purchased sets   anyone else other than matteo below in the same predicament?
picked up my game today,from the delivery office. it arrived friday, but i weren't home. it is so easy to get in to, and the rules is explained really well. in fact it's so nice we played it twice. job well done.
picked up my game today,from the delivery office. it arrived friday, but i weren't home. it is so easy to get in to, and the rules is explained really well. in fact it's so nice we played it twice. job well done.
anyone in derby had a delivery yet?
just arrived in aberystwyth, wales - huge box, looking forward to getting it home and inspecting it all.
arrived at hof, germany! great stuff!
someone took 2 pledge? i because i have brought two, but only got one. shipments are different? the cmon does not answer
just arrived in gottingen (germany). need to wait with unpacking till evening :(
@anfgelripper zombicide it's the exact reason i find it a pain... i have still to finish s1 normal zombies and runners and a couple of other incomplete projects (don't have much time and the game isn't getting played soon...) oh well at least i finished all the tmc expansion and the survivors, fatties and abominations of s1... and i notice i still have to start the adrian smith box of survivors... damn lot's of painting to do...
@ariakas: ich bin mir gar nicht mal so sicher, ob sie die spiele da wirklich dabei haben werden.  vielleicht nur eine kleine menge und die wird ruckzuck weg sein...
arrived in germany -late but nothing was bent :)
arrived today (uk). absolutely superb production quality - the minis are amazing - and so much stuff, all delivered on time and in perfect condition. almost regardless of whether the game itself is any good (and i have high hopes), this is one of the best projects i have backed.
@sven siemen dann hoffe ich mal, dass der zoll schläft, wenn dein paket bei ihm durch kommt ;)
i really wish we would get tracking numbers when kickstarter pledges are at distribution hubs, i know i have made a few "ug my blood rage pledge isn't here" comments but i really am having to stay in for delivery with no idea when it is being delivered.
and ragnarok has arrived in the uk. (only 4.5 hours to get the 100 yds from the delivery office to here lol) work does get in the way of unpacking all this fun though : (
still nothing in france... maybe tomorrow ?
@i and i : that's what i still hope it can arrive today :)
received in dresden, germany.
was soll ich denn mit noch nen blood rage? :-). bekomme doch schon 5 stück zugeschickt. und die sollten ja sehr bald da sein^^.
@angelripper, sven siemen  - geht doch zur spiel! in 1 1/2 wochen - die werden das spiel da auf jeden fall dabei haben, und so weit ich weiß, müsste man da auch noch die stretchgoals kriegen - so lange der vorrat reicht...
hmmm... dpd, that means it can arrive randomly during the day. great. luckily i work from home :)
stuff's here, all accounted for. i didn't even expect it yet, no shipping notice.
i vikinghi sono appena sbarcati a salerno! shipping just arrived in italy, salerno!!
bonjour a tous  est ce que en france quel-qu un a été livrer?
@i and i : in namur still no news of my package. if it is like previous ks from cmon (z3 for instance) it's dpd as for the majority in europe
@gijbels yves: we're from belgium too, did it get delivered by the regular postal service (bpost) ? where in belgium do you live? (we're in oost-vlaanderen)
@daniel hernández caparrós a mi me llegó por seur
unpacked - all looks great !! for those still waiting - i received no tracking data, delivered by man in white van (not dpd) i am based in surrey - box all secure for $75 i am very happy bunny !!! thank you cmon
@sven siemen optimistisch geschätzt ja^^. wer weiß wann die das verschicken. man kann ja immernoch "late pledgen".
arschkarte deluxe - habe gerade im pledgemanager geschaut und mich gewundert, warum das shipping bei 50$ liegt - naja, wenigstens konnte ich jetzt doch noch die 5 spieler erweiterung dazu nehmen.  aber shit, das heisst, dass ich vermutlich noch knapp drei wochen warten muss :(
had a couple of friends who live close to me get their copy last week and i am still waiting for mine to turn up, wonder how they was loaded into the containers.
@sven siemen arschkarte. du bekommst es dann aus den usa zugeschickt. sind ca. $50 porto plus einfuhrsteuer und zollgebühren wenn du pech hast :/.
it has arrived in belgium,woohoo lets start gaming �
@jason... did you get your game?
is this delivered by the regular postal service?
damn, mal ne blöde frage: ich fürchte, ich habe total verpeilt, meinen pledge manager abzuschließen, wie ich gerade gesehen habe und habe damit meine shipping costs nicht bezahlt - habe aber auch keine mail mehr von coolminiornot bekommen. hat jemand einen plan, wie das dann abläuft? habe es gerade nachträglich gemacht, aber wie läuft das dann denn eigentlich?
whoa, arrived today (huddersfield, uk). totally caught me on the hop as wasn't expecting it for a while. great monday surprise.  looking forward to unboxing tonight!
my friend in barry, uk recieved his this morning, i live about a mile away from him and not recieved mine :(
just arrived!!
and it has just arrived....;-)
uk, newcastle here. box arrived this morning :)
the postman!!!!!! yyyeeeeeaaaahhhhhh :-)
no sign of mine  ;-( and no tracking information....should i expect an email ?
does anyone in germany has a 5th player expansion too much and want to get rid of it?  you can contact me via my profil.
mine arrive (powys, wales) about 15 minutes ago. didn't expect it for a couple more weeks so it was a very welcome surprise. yule has come early this year! thanks cmon, studio mvcey and guillotine for all there effort in bringing this game to us.
massive box waiting for me, in germany!
still waiting on both our blood rage and rum & bones packages :(
arrived here in the uk...excellant
dpd have just delivered, will check through everything tonight!
mine came with 2 tyr figures and no heimdall, i've sent a message so hopefully will be able to get a replacement.
my awesome dpd delivery man just dropped my package in on his way home :d
does anyone have a double undead warrior and a missing dwarf figure in his box too?
damn!  be patient, be patient... no one postman on the door, no one postman on the street... sigh needs more postmen in italy...
it's arrived in london and it's a thing of beauty. i can't wait to play it this weekend!
returned from lunch to find a massive box full of cool mini's
hat jemand im raum münchen seines schon erhalten?  frage mich eh, nach welchen kriterien welches spiel in welchem container liegt. ob das reines glücksspiel ist oder irgendein system hat (land, nachname, etc.)
received essex uk. all present and accounted for. everything looks great only downside is i have to wait until saturday before i can play :(
someone in canada have had theirs?
@ron d, i'm in haarlem, and no sign of a copy yet. i'm assuming netherlands is on the second ship...
@lance pain to paint the similar sculpts? ha ha peanuts. i painted the complete ks from zombicide season 3 ;-).
i started painting zombicide... still not finished yet. they look cool though :)
@angelripper: and i was answering 'julius ter pelkwijk' not you... ;) but you might be right on multiple copy orders.
@angelripper can't wait to start painting the br stuff... it will be a pain to paint the similar scultures of the clans... on the other hand i will enjoy a lot painting the monsters in particular the fire giant and fenrir.
@nick heap: if it has substantial damage, best to take a photograph of it when you receive the package and file a claim at dpd. if something is broken and its sent "insured", then you can file a claim.
alex> all info points to surprise packages from the postman.
@christian inglis-arkell before i start playing br i have to play rum & bones a few more times :-). and everything needs to be painted...
is the 5th player stuff worth it? haven't pledge for it, but the ram clan sounds pretty cool... @ angelripper: nice. let's meet to pillage the land!
those in uk are you getting tracking info before delivery?
¿alguien sabe que compañía de transportes usa cmon en españa?
@martin dräger i was talking about big orders with multiple copies. i have the feeling that those orders always delivered last.
@julius ter pelkwijk: since mine came with 5th player expansion and art book on saturday, i can say the add-ons have nothing to do with the delivery time.
still a week or two before it starts showing up in the us?
i live near cambridge uk and received mine a few hours ago.
still haven't received my copy of this in the us...
got mine at work today (aldermaston, uk) had a sneek peak. big box with plenty of stuff. can't wait for work to be over.
@christian inglis-arkell good to know^^. mine will be delivered close to bremen :-).
mine arrived just few minutes ago in bremen, germany. haven't have any tracking number yet. i will check the miniatures this evening.
popped out for 2 hours and came back to a missed dpd delivery and didn't get any tracking notification. this worries me as the last package i missed from dpd had substantial box damage when i collected it :(
arrived in germany, oberhausen (nrw) today.
just received notification that the package arrived home safe n sound. can't wait for the unbox!! (spain)
arrived this morning in spain, with tracking number just a day before... :) :)
mine hasnt arrived (dutch, nl). i live close to the international hub of the dutch postal services, so that should not be a big issue for them. my guess is that the delay is because of the added packages (5th player expansion, art book, etc. etc). anyone else who got add-ons with their order and got their package?
to all the backers who received their rewards already and are posting here: could you specify the city you live in, please? since i had three packages lost in the last couple of weeks, i'd love every and any information i can get, as long as i don't have a tracking number to go by... :d
just received my big box in germany via dpd. no tracking number. i bet i will get the tracking number later, same as with rum & bones.
still waiting for tracking info for mine in the uk
mine arrived here in the uk about an hour ago!  haven't had time for a full unboxing yet but the outer boxes and all the packaging are in great condition.
arrived this morning in the uk! thanks for a great campaign everyone!
im zweitel mal bei dpd anrufen und nett fragen. wenn die namen und adresse haben, können die einsehen, ob was unterwegs ist oder es noch keinen auftrag gibt.
got mine on saturday in helmstedt (germany), via dpd, no tracking. boxes were all fine, but i have a lot of bend weapons, mainly because the damn plastic trays suck. raven clan suffered the most. and i also have several bend bases, especially on the monsters, wiggling around like hell. even with the counter bases they do not stand flat on the table! never had anything like that before (weapons sure, but never seen bend bases). @cmon: how about adding another update for rules questions, so we have a place to ask and get answered in the comments? otherwise the questions will be swallowed in minutes in the general comments...
war das zweite schiff so viel später? dachte es sollten nur 3 tage sein... bin mal gespannt, ob meins heute eintrudelt :d
es ist angekommen, sagt meine frau! mülheim, germany. keine  trackingnummer. noch vier stunden bis zum feierabend! kann es kaum erwarten! ich hoffe die figuren sind nicht verbogen! man liest hier ja so einiges!
@sven siemen ok ;-).
the game is amazing, some lil bending in some miniatures but nothing i can't fix with a bit of hot water and patience. @jack i got mine from dpd the 25 of this month and received the huge box today 28
@angelripper: ganz normal, ohne artbook und ohne fünf spieler erweiterung.
@angelripper: nah, i would rather they had all been good from the get-go. ;-)
delivered in trento, northern italy. i didn't receive any tracking or delivery communication before. bartolini as carrier.
it's in my hand!!! ! i'm so happy!!!  (rome)
how far in advance of receiving the parcel are people getting messages from dpd?
@sven siemen wie groß war deine bestellung?
ignore that last comment, posted on wrong project! :-/
mist, habe gerade bei dpd mal angerufen und gefragt und da existiert bis dato kein auftrag für mich :-(  bedeutet wohl, dass ich scheinbar erst im zweiten container dabei bin und mich noch zwei wochen gedulden darf :(
hello all. back on the comments for more giraffe related nonsense after a weekend of bolt action at firestorm games in cardiff.
anybody in the uk still not got their delivery yet. i was so gutted that mine did not come late last week and still no sign of it this morning or an emailed tracking number
@matteo: bartolini... in italia sembra essere lui il tramite per tutti (almeo per quanto sentito finora)
got it! the ragnarok arrived to spain, i'm gonna start unboxing :d
@lance: chi ha  consegnato? sda?
@evi : that's good news (as i'm from belgium too)
italy here received today 12.23 am
anyone from the netherlands received their package yet?
think mine is sitting in doddle, next to where i work!  will check at lunch!! :)
mein päckchen ist nun auch angekommen. qualität bis auf ein paar verbiegungen sehr gut. leider fehlt mir die elfenfigur im basegame. nachher gleich mal den support anschreiben :)
mine is on the van,it'll be here soon �
@the hairy painter. got mine about 10 minutes ago :-)
anyone in the uk got there's yet?
@thomasdn wenn man viel zurrechtbiegen muss lohnt die anschaffung aber ;-).
unpacking!  woohoo!  :-)    (belgium)
@angelripper: ein föhn hab' ich nicht. but thanks for the suggestion anyways. :-)
well, i have a tracking id from dpd, and according to their site it is in my local delivery office. which is 100 yards down the road. so close, and yet apparently a board game is not sufficient reason to get away from my desk... damn boss... damn work : )
hi guys! any spaniard over here? have you received your game yet? algún español en la sala? habéis recibido el juego ya? ^^
ragnarök is here. bloodrage arrived in mint condition at this very moment in bochum. hope you all will receive yours soon, too!
also ich bekam die trackinginformationen bisher immer so 2-4h bevor auch die pakete dann angekommen sind.
just got it from dpd 5 mins ago
geht mir genau so @angelripper! bei mir ist auch nirgends was im pledgemanager, was aber nichts heissen muss. bei world of smog und rum & bones kam die nummer auch erst bei mir an, nachdem ich das paket schon hatte...
@hennirocks hast du eine versandmitteilung im pledgemanager? bzw. wenn ja, hattest du die auch schon gestern? :-). ich hoffe ja das mein kram auch heute noch an kommt.
today @hennirocks?
berlin has arrived: http://worldofbasileus.tumblr.com/post/130050645400 awesome :-)
bloodraged arrived for me on saturday in wiesbaden/germany. i can confirm what others have said: beautiful components, stunning artwork - love the box - even the cards are higher quality than expected. and i can confirm the irregularities with the production quality of the minis: some are extremly bent, almost warped - no chance to fit the plastic tokens - and the amount of details varies - one of my running boar warriors looks extremly sharp, while others of his kind are far less detailed. the bending, i will try to fix with hot water. the different amounts of detail i will try to compensate with paint - however, it is just a little sad that such an outstanding product feels a little rushed around the edges.
@thomasdn or use a hair dryer. very fast. blow the miniature for 5 seconds and its very soft.
hope to get mine today in munich. after some people in germany received her copy on saturday, i hope, that i will get mine today *hope*
my copy is in a van. very excited.
@ron w dubray: thanks - this a new world for me. :-) i found some youtube videos illustrating the process...
no in brisbane too
in sydney also. hopefully this week.
@riely: in sydney and no - no news or anything. i was just checking in to ask the same question. getting a tad concerned given how long ago the ship arrived.
anyone is australia picked theirs up yet??
@thomasdn this is a old fix for bent plastic, set them in very hot water and hold in place as you dip the mini in cold water till cool, you might have to repeat 2 or 3 times.
per gli italiani: su giochistarter c' è il crowfunding di tales of the arabian nights in italiano! È un giocone, non fatevelo scappare!
@mib: thanks. i'll give it a go.
just thought i'd let you know my pledge arrived this afternoon, i love it. the figures are better than i thought they be. live in coventry in britain, if it helps others get an idea when their pledge will come.
@thomas: quite hot, just below boiling, i usually use a water boiler and stop it before it shuts of automatically then pour the water into a large cooking pot and immerse the minis, i use a cooking spoon to fish out the mini and keep cold water ready to "fix" the mini. usually, you don't need to do anything and the mini straightens automatically on its own.
@orlando_the_technicoloured (and all): in order to keep the cards from rattling around the box i can highly recommend the "super deluxe tuckbox template maker": http://www.cpforbes.net/tuckbox/ i now have my cards in this: http://imgbin.org/index.php… the cards still fit in the plastic insert. you could also discard the plastic insert altogether as the cards are protected just fine in the tuck box.
just peeked in here because i was kind of surprised that the ship arrived already a couple of days ago in hamburg and there was no update still. now i see that the games are already hitting germany. and i am out of town till friday :((
i'm in the uk and my friend has recieved his tracking info and his game will be arriving tomorrow, he doesn't live far from me but i haven't recieved any tracking information about my game yet
@matteo riviello: thanks for the advise. *how* hot? immerse the entire mini?
@thomasdn hot water, fix it after a few minutes that are immersed, then immerse them in cold water. i have done so with other miniatures.
@creator: i have received my copy of blood rage and i am very exited and overall happy with the game. however seven of the minis seem to have been taken out of the molds a tad to soon. spears and swords are bent, sometimes to a ridiculous degree: http://imgbin.org/index.php… everything else looks perfect, as far as i can see. can something be done about these seven minis?
i got my game on friday. it's so fantastic, and i love it already! played it the whole weekend. :) thank you coolminiornot for this amazing game!
nothing yet in paris too.
i had two people interested in playing with me today. no game, though. i <3 the lazy local dpd :l
nothing yet in clermont-ferrand in france. i can't wait to get my greedy hands on the parcel, but i guess it takes time to properly process the packaging to avoid mistakes. i prefer to wait for a few extra days to make sure there's no issue ;)
nothing here, leicester, uk. fingers crossed for this week! is it supposed to have arrived already?
@marcus tieseler same for me. i am missing the brown token. therefore i have two other blue ones. time to paint!
us and rest of world packages aren't scheduled to arrive until oct 4th & 11th so there is still some time to wait. this is as per update 43.
the boat for canada was expected sept 28th. it docked with seattle yesterday and is on its way back to asia. a full 2 days early. we should see an update hopefully early in the week. btw the boat can be tracked here - http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/details/ships/shipid:758078/mmsi:636091610/imo:9348699/vessel:maersk_dhahran
nothing in belgium, i'm waiting for mine too
@gijbels yves : i have not see anyone from belgium saying here they got their game. and i'm still waiting for mine too.
@feqz put the mini in warm to hot water. leave it in the water till the mini becomes malleable then adjust the bent piece as necessary.
@ugo perillo: speriamo :-)
@ikael @lance: niente mail, ma anche per zombicide s3 non ho mai ricevuto la mail, ed il pacco è arrivato puntuale! magari lunedì sorpresina �
any word on us delivery?
has any one in belgium recieved his bloodrage yet? still waiting for mine to arrive
@manuel vitelli che numero di pledge avevi? grazie :-) what blood rage pledge number did you have?
thank you cmon for making this great game a reality! the detail on the miniatures is outstanding. an unexpected positive surprise are the plastic clan markers. awesome and no comparison to the tiny cheap looking aq guild markers. on a sad note my miniatures suffer from bending, again. i'm not talking about the to be expected bend swords etc. but about bent bases/odin's throne. are they reheated at some point? that's a lot of work (not so sure i can fix the throne) :( now off to look at the gorgeous art book :)
unboxed!!!! (italy)
@marcus... yes...play
i hope sweden is next the following week.
@ donatos. excellent news! merci!
@cédric  the boat delivering the canadian merchandise has left north america!  thus the goods are in the canadian hub, or about to be there... just a question of a week or two ;-)
canada someone? no? ok i'll be back later, just eager...�!
i got 2 of those orange skull tokens, missing the brown one. not that it matters much - they'll get painted over in the long run anyways - but is there anything i should do now?
it arrived today as an big surprise near frankfurt am.
no trackingnumber. but a hell of a game. the minis are looking awesome. more than that. the giants and fenrir are just to cool. i am glad i pledged it.
nothing here in munich today :-(  hope to get it on monday. did anyone get a mail with a tracking number?
@ikael l'ho ricevuta ieri insieme alla maggior parte dei backer… prova a mandare un pm a cmon qui su ks
us backer here, so obviously still waiting. however, just got imperial assault for my birthday, so the wait should be much more bearable. does anybody have access to all or any of the expansion rules? or would any of you lucky sons of odin that already received the game want to upload the rules somewhere and share the link here? i really want to get a head start on the expansion rules so i gots the knowledge when i finally receive my pledge reward.
just to say my daughter and i fought and pillaged in glorious tribute to the gods and thoroughly enjoyed our first try.  it was as much fun as i hoped and she w had me worried until the 3rd age when i managed to play a cunning quest plan that put my end of game glory through the 100 point barrier. we should be able to play with more players tomorrow which should make for an interesting strategy mix. definitely worth the wait :)
gunter schmidt: right you are! :)
scusami @lance, quando hai ricevuto questa mail? giusto per capire se a me e ad altri deve ancora essere inviata.  grazie
@ugo/nicola: praticamente questo: "shipment phase #1 of blood rage is on its way to you with tracking number xxxxxx shipped via dpd. you can track it at (link nella mail) if you do not receive your pledge within 2 weeks of this notification, please contact us at support@cmon.com or call us at 404-975-0975." più ringraziamenti vari ecc.
not here, either, because dpd thinks itself too fancy to deliver on saturdays where i live d:
no signs of it from my doorsteps. :(
blood rage rolls over germany. and of course without notification like real vikings ;)
@ugo perillo stesso problema: non ho il taracking.  @lance illuminaci!!!
@lance: grazie per la risposta, ma nulla.. che dice il tuo tracking?
thanks a lot! thats what i was hoping for...
no message beforehand - i'm in the south of germany.
i didn't get a tracking mail and the pm doesn't show a tracking number either. but that's not unusual, i had the same with other cmon projects. tracking number will probably show up a few days after the package :)
congrats to all who already received their packages!  concerning those of you in germany, did you get a message beforehand? i did not, so far...
here to report another viking invasion in south west germany (saarland). alas, i'm too busy right now to give the game the attention it deserves. had a close look at the minis at least and can confirm that those are really nice! (ok 'nice' may not be the best term when talking about fierce viking warriors and fearsome monster but you know what i mean)
aah, interesting lesson learned.  put them on the board to sort and the contrast helps.
package just arrived via dpd near bonn, germany. i just wanted it to arrive before the essen spiel but i'm glad that i have two more weeks extra to drool about the minis. everything looks great and i was lucky that there were no dents or damages at all. cheers
@nelijah, life is conspiring to stop me reading the rulebook, let alone playing lol.  just setting the board up to play a basic 2 player game a i read through now. i have just discovered that i really struggle to see the difference between the red and brown coloured plastic pieces except for the the ships.  the red is a different tone from the rest of the pieces.  curse my colour blind genes.
short message today. the game just arrived today in germany. epic stuff. really happy! hope to play tomorrow! great product you delivered there! thank you! happy weekend!
for the ones who already have the game, can you tell us your opinion about the game ?
sorry, not asienda but instead: asendia
@german blood rage receivers i got today mail from customs, they have a package for for me from the usa, send through the carrier: asienda and i don´t have any idea what this could be, i am only expecting blood rage. but that should be send through the germany hub and dpd, as far as i know. regards gg
what? german blood rage? i'm near heidelberg and the regular postman left fuck all. aaaaargh. dpd doesn't come here on saturday usually. double aaargh
uh, if germans start receiving theirs i'm getting excited :d
just got mine a few minutes ago in donauwörth, germany
uk and nothing! are these all from the first boat i wonder, so next week earliest for me :(
received mine today in karlsruhe :) awesome!
@marcus and stefan where are you in germany? north, east, south, west, center?
got mine today (germany) and i'm blown away by the quality of the plastic miniatures. some bent weapons, i'll see if a hot water bath can fix them.
unboxing video of the base game + all the expansions https://www.youtube.com/watch…
has anyone noticed an indent in the right hand side of the mountain giant's head?  it is like there was a void in the plastic fill as it cooled but it didn't ruin the detail.  not a massive deformation but certainly noticable.  i will try and remember to take a link a pic later after i actually play the game.
looking at bbg it seems the late late pledge is already closed. don't think this has affected the others at all. it just isn't a big numbers game. the sculpts are fun but i knew right away that it wasn't for me. besides, most are tappet out after conan, myth and zbp.
@red beard, thanks to you i won't be able to view any menu that lists spatchcock in the same way again :p.
just arrived at my doorstep in germany. looks good, nothing damaged, all in order. however the viking plastic is very soft and pinkish. lots of bent weapons etc. i am a bit disappointed in that. still looks gorgeous overall. looking forward to the next game meetup where i can testdrive it.
the vikings hit my apartment in hamburg this morning. took them long for 4km from harbour to here
so i guess, i (germany) won't be leaving home today until the delivery truck arrives... about that late pledge ordering thing: i agree, that cmon should communicate that decision a lot better. they are risking the support for future campaigns. no argument about that. but, before crucifying them: has it occured to you guys, that they are just selling overproduction of the ks exclusives? they had to produce a certain overhead to account for replacements (now that most of the containers have reached port, there's probably a lot less risk now). they probably produced some overhead due to some late cancellations of pledges (done between survey and pm). and they probably had to round up some numbers to get better production deals (10.000 pieces of one certain item might be a lot cheaper per item than 8.900 pieces of that same item). they really emphasized that the late pledging will be a limited time offer, so i give them the benefit of a doubt that they're just selling overproduction, that was necessary to ensure the quality and economic success of the campaign. just because there is absolutely no indication (yet!), to suspect otherwise. again, still: they should have made an update about this, where they clarify their reasoning. for the sake of their "the others"-campaign, at least.
ty skazz
got mine today (germany ) no tracking information before, was a suprise. looks good so far, no damage from the outside.
asia was said to be the first ones shipped.  has anyone from japan received theirs yet?  still waiting.
i'm in spain and the parcel tracking tells me that the game is "in transit" at 300km from my home, so monday morning i'll welcome the ragnarok :d this weekend will be long with all this waiting so close to an end...
hi all, any polish backers received their rewards or tracking numbers? i'm so anxious as this is my first ks  and i don't know how poland is treated when it comes to shipping
hi all...  when did you get the tracking number? i can't find it on my ckpm order status... qualcuno ha già ricevuto in italia?? spese di sdoganamento??  thx grazie
arrived yesterday in oxford, uk. looks good. many thanks!
first kickstarter ever to be on time :-d
germany, got mine! for the glory! thanks cmon!
@chris wheeler : "no doubt they'll raise enough to fund the project but when we decide to back it after its finished,we'll have nowhere near the amount of stretch goals." do you think who has to gain when there is much sgs ? cmon for giving more free stuff ? the players for getting more free stuff ?  i'll let you think about it... and by the way... "the backers that took the risk...", i have a bit of a hard time imagining all the risk you took with this project.
yeah, today it's christmas time! i (german backer) received my copy today and will be offline for the rest of this weekend ;-) it has been delivered by dpd. thx to cmon for the unprecedented and superb handling of this campaign!
@ thomas "el capitán" nedbal did it come via dpd or dhl? did you get any info before it came?
you guys do realize that not unlocking stretch goals during the campaign kinda works in cmon's favor right?  its that much less product they have to produce, and if you end up late pledging anyways they still get your money.
salut ferraille coter france toujours rien pas de numéro de suivi nous patientons.
cmon need to be careful as what they're doing may causes us early backers to wait it out next time. no doubt they'll raise enough to fund the project but when we decide to back it after its finished,we'll have nowhere near the amount of stretch goals. the exclusives should be for the backers that took the risk to fund the project in the first place. if they want to sell exclusives to people after the deadline,then maybe cmon should fund it themselves next time. off to cancel my the others pledge,i'll see what exclusive there are after its finished.
if cmon sold kickstarter exclusives outside of the kickstarter campaign, that makes them liars & false advertisers. i wonder if there's some action ks can take against them falsifying about aspects of their project?  these actions make me feel betrayed & not only will i no longer back a cmon project, they're losing a customer.
having late late pledges with no negative (e.g. higher cost or fewer sgs) may backfire on cmon since, if it becomes usual, more and more people (principally in the us) may wait until this rather than pledge during the campaign resulting in fewer sgs. it would be quite easy, if cmon want to do late late pledges to have one or two sets of sgs (i.e. one or two boxes) as campaign only and thus not in the late late pledges, which being sent much later would be easy to remove from packages.
i checked with the ckpm and had no tracking number. decidied to try phoning dpd to see if i had a package coming but the was told that without a tracking number they could not find out. a few hours later my br package turned up and over 2 hours later cmon send me an email with my tracking number.
arrived in nürnberg (germany) this morning! great. thx to cmon !
linus hoglund@ but it is risky, while pledging i didn't have rulebook, production proofs, nor reviews. i was betting on this project with my money. i want to be rewarded, this is why i came to ks not to brick&mortar store. i give cmon money in advance, i get my game before retail and with extras and exclusives. cmon fails to deliver on time, i can cope with that. cmon robs me from exclusives being exclusive, that's much harder to swollow. with late pledge you have full knowledge about rules and quality of the game, and you can even make profit on hype around the game. with late pledge you remove incentive for backers to support project when it's most needed. bascially you are breaking idea of ks...
jakub pamuła@ i would agree with you if pledging where risky and you would loose money if the project didn't start. but its not, so pledging a failing project is never gonna cost you money. so if you want a game pledge, and don't think so much if or when pledge manager will reopened.  if the game comes late to you, even after the game shops gets it. that's bad i can agree on that.
arrived in copenhagen this morning!
@red beard: i would agree if they sold the game at retail with the exclusives. i'm giving cmon the benefit of the doubt and hope it's just due to overproduction. and the reason to pledge early is to unlock the stretchgoals no? and also: lulz. by your logic you should be out pillaging the coast of france with your precious artifacts, because you just love mayhem and plundering  so much. but yeah, the backlash is palpable. let's hope for a official statement sometimes soon.
i'm all for letting more people have the game. less scalping, more fun. i back because i want the game, not to resell for a profit, or so i can be a dick to my friends by flaunting exclusives in their face. and i back when i can afford to. cmon will get more of my money in the future. and for some of you, have you noticed more and more kickstarters with the "kickstarter exclusive items will only be available during the kickstarter, cons and promos" so expect more of this since anything can be labled as a promo.
belgium here, nothing yet.  anyone recieved a tracking number for their game ?
cmon is playing dangerous game with ks backers, promoting opportunistic behaviour: - first was zombicide season 3, a total delivery disaster. as a backer i got my copy weeks after game hit local board game store. but u can always argue, tons of extra exclusive plastic should be enough for reconciliation - now u have blood rage, some extra copies sold on gencon, personally don't mind. but opening pm now and allowing late pledges? it doesn't make sense. how many "ks exclusive" pieces did they produce? they should only cover what they had in pm + 10-15% for replacement. are they still ks exclusive? what's mine reward for giving cmon money months in advance? anyone familiar with concept of "opportunity cost" just realize how bad investment this project was. for me, allowing late pledges is final argument to not to pledge now for 7 sins. i'm observing that campaign and watch how they struggle. and who knows, maybe they will unlock all sins, and i will jump on late pledge. you reap what you sow...
i noticed that the late pledges for blood rage were re-opened. i pledged during the campaign at the $75 level, filled out my survey and my copy should be on one of those boats. my question is, would it still be possible to add a ks add on for the 5th player variant with stretch goals, without affecting my base pledge and its scheduled delivery date? thanks.
isn't it because they are landing at the port of savannah to be offloaded and shipped to cmon's headquarters in atlanta?
nils, if i had to guess, the majority of goods (or at least those from the biggest, most influential companies) being shipped on these huge transport ships were intended for the east coast. cmon's shipment is a tiny fraction of all the packages on these vessels, so they have to just take what they can get.
maybe i missed it, but any explanation why the us ships are going through the suez canal & across the atlantic to the us instead of straight across the pacific?  seems like it's a significantly longer route.  especially since it seems that the canadian ship cross the pacific since it's on the west coast now.
that's a good point, jason, and i agree that cmon should do what they think is best. as should we.
@red beard, if your primary argument is one based purely on the natural human inclination towards greed, then clearly cmon should follow the greediest strategy as well.  therefore, if allowing late backers access to exclusives generates the most income for them, then that is what they should do.
@emil xerxez forsén here is another couple of ways to look at it emil. if a person collects resin kits, paints, displays them or enters them into comps, & those resin kits, or miniatures were limited to 250 or even 1000, & the consumers, or backers, believed that they were getting that limited number, then suddenly the creator decides to produce more, breaking the contract of purchase & exclusivity, then that is wrong, & quite honestly said producer needs a swift, hard, bare knuckled undercut for their deception... & down the line that company will of course have less custom. as others have noted, why future tense take the risk, when you can you can eventually gain what was supposed to be 'exclusive' to that period of time, at a later date, because it was never actually 'exclusive' at all & was simply a bribery chip to gain risk free money to enter into production. concisely, there is nothing "childish" (however, it's a toy game with little toy soldiers for odins eye sake man! =childish) about wanting to own that which others do not have & never will have. i certainly wouldn't collect northern european historical artifacts if that were the case as i would simply trot down to the local second hand shop, or supermarket & buy 1000's of pieces because they were so very common & un'exclusive'. aside from the knowledge & tactile history that the artifacts place before me, & having the privilege of acting as the caretaker of the piece, i also gain great pleasure of knowing that the pieces are rare from a specific part of culture & time line in our species history. depending on how you view the gaming industry, or the miniatures produced for gaming, the same can be, & i do state, the same is applicable. upon backing i sought to own a rare(-ish-ish-ish) piece of a sculptors work, of the gaming industry, the design artist, etc, etc, it is art, mass produced art, but art non the less. it is a great feeling to bring to a game that which is lacking (in a material sense due to the current context of debacle), people do appreciate it when you bring out that cool figure/rules that wasn't there before & expand upon the fantastical world enveloped around your group, & quite honestly, being a human being, & of the animal kingdom, i also enjoy the banter of envy it rouses among friends & particularly those who may not be so friendly; the envy of competition or enemies makes me warm inside. so yes, i do grudge the fact that i paid for what i believed was to be 'exclusive' content that only i & the other backers within the predefined time slot for backing would gain, has turned out to be folly. there is also an economic value & investment to having 'exclusive' gains to your game, should you future tense decide to sell the game for whatever reason, you are certainly more likely to get a return of your initial financial outlay if there is 'exclusive' content to help you sell your second hand item. yes you could say, but you took the risk, but i say, that wasn't the ground rules of the game played, & they were very specific ground rules now broken. even war has ground rules. anyhooz, it is ironic that you want to play a game of murder, looting, envy, pillaging & territorial advancement, to act out the darker recesses of self & gain pleasure through gaming as a human in a greedy, survivalist, warrior culture, yet dismiss those whom have subtleties of those traits by wanting theirs to remain 'exclusively' theirs having dropped their scabbard & took the plunge of risky gains. loot plundered, is a selfish yet joyful endeavour, so please, deny me you feel any joy or pride when any loot sits on your shelf, or splayed like a spatchcocked prisoner across your gaming table. therein is your pride sir & that is a nothing less than the selfish trait of humanity & my ancestors who took pride from cleaving heads in two with an axe or sword forged in damascus steel. there is honour in 'exclusive' loot & the greedy pride i cherish in having it 'exclusive'! however, if you are so very giving & altruistic, please feel free to sacrifice your gaming (& any 'exclusives') altogether & instead offer all of your money spent on all & any leisure time or hobby or general interest activity to the impoverished & starving. me, i would prefer to enjoy my loot, preferably of the genuinely 'exclusive' variety.
i have to agree with those pointing out that as allowing late pledges to get all the ks exclusives and everything at the same price really undermines any reason to pledge during the campaign if you missed an early bird. it is not about begrudging others or being petty, it's about incentivizing pledging. want an example? i'm waiting to late pledge on 7 sins and keeping my $ for now. why would i pay now when i can get the same deal later? that's what the current system encourages people to do.
@kolby r +1 agree and the others has had its worst day today since the start of the campaign which i'm sure is some of the backlash
actually i just thought the extra shipping is a cost, but that's not really controlled by cmon it could even get cheaper by some miracle of transport costs potentially!
i agree with the price increase for late backers. we have early bird prices, why wouldn't they have latecomers prices? it's better for backers and marketing to get people on it earlier. i also think risk is a cost, you mitigate risk by having the right information, and because of that your just not paying as much after a much larger number of people get their hands on it and let us know. i don't care what other people get, or feel let down as a backer, kudos to late backers i say. but if they backed it during the campaign the product would have a bigger launch and all backers might get more stuff is all. not having a latecomer cost undermines what a ks is about. it would be sad to see people not backing a ks because it's cheaper in terms of risk not to. i think maybe to really get backers backing earlier, instead of using earlybirds maybe have a minor price increase every day of the ks, or larger ones in larger intervals as updates or unlocks are announced.
i get the benefit of being able to buy the game late. but what i don't get is the benefit of not backing the kickstarter if i'm aware of its existance. okay, some reviews may be out, and some people may have played it at gencon and liked it. but every game in the industry gets hyped. sheriff of nottingham is a "dice tower essentials" and it's borderline crap. what i'm saying is: board games are always "risky" to buy. i don't think i took more of a risk by backing it back in the when, than anyone who bought it now. oh, well i just hope errbody enjoys when it arrives. and that you back the others, because look at those minis.
i have to agree with kolby r. cmon should consider that if we all decided to wait until just prior to release, and not back the ks, then they would not have a product to release, without spending a f++ktonne on advertising and focus group play tests. by all means, start selling before release, but give the ls backers the reco and the bonuses they got in early and supported you for. or perhaps cmon would be so kind as to send me all of the ks bonuses and early bird specials from all of the previous ks games i missed, and purchased retail. i am sure that would amount to a few hundred miniatures and a fairly decent refund of the extra cash outlay.
@agreave what the f*ck did i do? how am i a pratt because i think that begrudging people the game is petty?
no nada t__t
ok ci provo...
@ugo/nicola controllate nello spam e qualunque sottocartella delle mail… a me è arrivata praticamente subito
@nicola ancora nulla nemmeno a me.. @nicola nothing here too..
* the grammar jeez!!! i need an edit button!!!
also those copies will be shipped only after all ks backer copies that already confirmed are fullfilled
remember one thing though: late pledging will be shipped from usa… so it won't be eu friendly and vat is viable for europeans on top of enormous shipping costs…
i'm from italy xd
guys i'm the only one who didnt recive the cmon's mail?
since spanish are receiving their tracking number... any portuguese receive theirs? thank you
i'm happy cmon opened late backing this late.... the more gamers that have access to the exclusives the better!  it will ease up the secondary market as well (which cmon sees no profit from)!
@kolby r, nicely put. +1
*shut* sorry rude word typo!!!!
i posted this on bgg - just want to say i'm very disappointed with allowing backers this late in the game. glad i decided to sit out for the others. if it looks good, i'll just pledge while it's shipping. "i'll be the one to say it, and i don't mean to rain on anyone's parade here, but as a ks backer this upsets me. not because you can get the same stuff i can. i have no problem with that. i'm a little miffed because when i put down the money for this game, there was one single gameplay video. i thought the game looked interesting enough to take a risk on it. now that good reports are in from gencon, people are able to pick up the same pledge for the exact same price? that's what i have the problem with. i could care less about other people having the exclusives. i am upset that i assumed some amount of risk (granted on a cmon project, very little) by paying months ago. now for the same price others are able to get the exact same thing months later. why in the world would i put money down on anything they create anymore if i can place an order for the exact same items at the exact same price just weeks before it arrives? for you who get in on this game - i'm happy for you, i really am. i likely would have no problem at all if cmon increased the price, but i think what they've done is wrong to the ks backers and i'm not ashamed to say it."
@agreave i think there are far more comment threads on kickstarted in which people have wished or actually have told you to shut up. i have read so many comments of you getting into it with people and i am sick seeing it. stop trolling and get on with your life
@emil f x, shit up you pratt-really just shut up!
got my tracking number and my game is apparently currently in the nl or at least that's what the last tracking update says. kinda sad about that but oh well, can always set up another gaming night next week.
@red beard, thanks mate.  it was great sitting with the kids and going through all the miniatures and content this evening.  i had a look double check and the our lists do indeed tally, so all is good. i hope you lead your clan to many glories over this weekend and enjoy the bounty.
jesus christ, what the hell is all the whining about? why, oh why, would anyone benefit from not backing the kickstarter during the original campaign? following the updates is half the fun. okay, so they got the game after the campaign ended, but so what? can anyone explain to me how that is unfair? or let me rephrase: can anyone explain it to me without sounding like a spoiled child who's jealous because other people gets to eat cake at his birthday? by odin, i'm already filled with the rage!
thanks for the notice cmon! at least now i know my copy is in italy but still in progress of delivery… most likely monday or tuesday at this point!
it won't be here tomorrow, but it needs to be. my gf is visitng me unplanned, so i'll have at least one opponent, there's a blood moon and both will be gone monday afternoon when dpd comes. aaaargh.
rather odd that my tracking number indicates the package is in germany, when i'm in the uk.
still no sign of mine in uk and no email about tracking :-(
espérons buissonnet
@mendilli j'avoue mais bon...espérons qu'il arrive ce week end.
salut a tous  pas de nouvelle pour l instant pour la france au niveau de la livraison, l attente ce fait de plus en plus longue beaucoup beaucoup d attente...
it seems almost all spanish backers had received tracking numbers. me too!!! parcels rolling over germany to a ragnarok under the sun... @red beard  thanks for the list, sir. it can be very useful for cheking.
received an email telling me the tracking link today. followed the link to find it had already been delivered and was waiting at home! really happy with it - my first cmon game - and my 5 year old daughter loving the big plastic monsters !
i'm in the essex uk, i've got my tracking number and it's not even in the country. i don't get that as other in essex have had there's.
@david "hail to the rat king baby!" cox hey congrats man, glad it came today for you & your family to enjoy over the weekend :) sorry to read of your book though :(   you seem as much a perfectionist as i when it comes to your loot lol. yup, books are a serious bone of contention, don't no how many i sent back to amazon for replacement.  anyhooz, as you stated & i agree, it is remarkable that the distance retains integrity of goods, by comparison of 50miles at times. anyhooz, great that they are all good aside from the book, have a fun weekend & let me know if you get the time if your loot tallies with my own.  enjoy david, take care sir :)
@thiago, thanks! @joe b, yep only new, late late later backers! ;)
yayyyyy!!!!!! tracking number received and the game on its way to spain where i'm expecting it to arrive next week :d
i just checked the pledge manager and there is no option to unlock the pm. is this only for new late backers?
am i right in thinking the pledge manager has been re opened? and i can get more stuff?
@agreave: you always need a reward level to get any of the optional buys.
@cmon, can i late pledge for just the art book? or do the normal rules apply about having a pledge?
how did you get the tracking number @keithhall??
poosicles, just got dpd message and it's in transit from nl. was hoping it was closer
received my tracking number! hope to receive it next week! by the way, i'm from spain!
*tracking
mines deffo dpd got trading email just now, i decided to pay to upgrade to guarantee delivery tomorrow. only £5 seemed worth it as have games night tomorrow
i received it today!! yuppieee
how will the late pledges be shipped to canada? usps or ups?
ha! now i got this email: "hi thomasdn shipment phase #1 of blood rage is on its way to you with tracking number xxxxxxxxxxxxxx shipped via dpd. you can track it at this link: ..." ...a day-and-a-half after i got the package! ;-)
still no sign of it :( gah i was looking forward to playing it at my gaming night tomorrow. oh well.
oened up the box of delights and all the boxes look good so far, despite a big gouge in the outer carton.  unfortunately my biggest peeve has been realised, dented corners on hardbacks.  the bottom non-spine corner of the glorious art book has taken a hit and looks slightly crushed and creased, ruining it's godly perfection :(.  not a massive area but it does detract from a lovely cover. now for the contents check, this could take a while but my gods, those large beasts look fantastic through their boxed windows.  lovely work cmon and everyone involved.
because apparently the pledge manager is opened once again, "for a limited time only" https://ckpm.coolminiornot.com/latepledge
"note that anything marked with this: kickstarter exclusive  is an exclusive item for kickstarter backers, with remaining stock available at conventions only." you might want to add  "... and also available for late pledgers during pm. and then again later after the games have been shipped etc."
@thiago, wow your busy, thanks!i'm uk and nothing, were all uk pledges on boat one or mixed?
@agreave: no, late pledges won't affect the ks pledges in any way. late pledges are all resolved in the us hub, and after the ks pages have been sent out.
hopefully us irish backers will get them early next week if uk backers have theirs already! can't wait!
@cmon, where are the shipping emails? i got one for r&b-have i been missed? supposed to be phase 1 but does that mean anything?
i guess mine was on the second boat lol. ah that's just my luck
eagerly waiting - checked my pledge i am phase 1 and based in surrey - no sign yet ;-(
@cmon, all these late pledges via z:bp pm, will they affect fulfilment of our pledges-as ours have or docked have they not? euro zone here.
got mine this morning by dpd. i am now going through all the lovely stuff for this game :d .
the waiting is killing me! knowing that some folks in italy already received it but mine still hasn't appeared and the courier doesn't know anything!
@keith hall mine's dpd but on boardgamegeek it sounded like someone got it by parcelforce
same here keith. i think a few on bgg said it came through parcelforce so that's what i'm hoping :)
are all the uk deliveries arriving via dpd?, called them and no packages for my postcode area.
really hope a box comes to swansea soon! i'm guessing since it's not dpd it's going to be parcelforce. they deliver till 6pm so 3 hours!
my wife spoke with the driver (regular on our route, so know him to chat to) and he said there are loads of cmon boxes out today in bristol :).
just checked with dpd and there's nothing on the way to me :( hopefully it's arriving via another courior
south coast uk.  just got a big box of ragnarok-joy, no tracking e-mails, just turned up.  it's awesome!
no sign so far :(
hoping mine is not far behind.. it does make days at work more torturous :)
just wanted to pop in to say how glad i am to see that some people are already getting their packages (in the estimated delivery month, no less), and are enjoying what they find inside. for the glory!
got mine yesterday (i'm in uk) just want to say huge thank you to cmon, and wow just wow what a game and minis. my 1st kickstarter and therefore my yard stick for all future ones. can't wait to see and maybe pledge " on the others seven sins " as that's also looking equally awesome.
i was about to post that there is no sign of it and then there was a knock at the door :).  unfortunately i have to go out and can't look at it nowm
lol! it seems the blood rage has already started! and this is only due to the fact the game has not arrived yet! i'm one of the quiet ragers that is still awaiting my order in melbourne, but estimate it should take about a week for customs and delivery. let the rage flow forth!!!
had a dpd van pull up out side my flat, i got all excited as i was sure it was blood rage, he pulls out a small packet and goes next door... gutted. guess it will be here tomorrow.
@gunter schmidt the packeges for germany always get send out last. my guess is that cmon wants that all customers in the eu get the game at the same time. but the delivery companies in europe are too fast and need less than 3 days to deliver something to other eu countries :). the result is that when our german packeges are start beeing delivered all other packages are already at their destination.
reading that people are receiving this game, makes me quiver with anticipation! hopefully i get it next week, because i already have a group lined up for next friday! enjoy your raging!
who the fuck needs the ne iphone? all we need for a good weekend are some vikings, gore, action, pillaging and monsters...
mine arrived (uk) played it and loved it, cant say enough good things about it.
uk shipment phase 1 with no tracking number in the pledge manager and after calling dpd they don't have any packages due for me today. apparently the new iphone is causing mayhem which is probably why there is a delay. really hoping it arrives in time for game night on monday!
delivered in italy some hours ago! i can't wait for the unboxing!
@walter cavalcante chi ha consegnato? sda?
that germans get it late(r) is just maddening. we were pagans. the ships dock here. countries with slow postal services or longer distances will usually get it later than anyone else, those without will get it quickly after dispatch. i can't think of any advantage to have german copies (a pretty big percentage, probably) on the second shipment outside of artificially increasing our delivery time to.make it "fair". which it isn't, anyway, as some countries will have to wait for weeks, anyway. i just want to pillaaaage. so close and yet so far away.i could be in hamburg before it's time for kaffee und kuchen, but my weekend will most likely be rage-less. how awesome would it be to play monday morning with a "super blood moon" as the backdrop, a lunar event that last happened 33 years ago. the package showing up on monday afternoon would really add insult to injury :(
i just contacted dpd and mine is expected for delivery this evening. as xarael posted earlier: "uk folks can phone dpd and ask if there's a parcel coming to them. the automated service will ask for a tracking number, just enter 1# twice and you'll be passed on to a human who can check."
by ozone blessed mjølnir - one should expect that we vikings of denmark got special handling! ;-)
me neither, still waiting by the ozone divine! ;-)
i'm from germany (near hamburg), too . no package. :-/
patiance, maybe the package for rome was on boat 1 and yours is on boat 2. still waiting for it in poland.
@christian: nope. i'm from germany (near braunschweig) and no package yet. :(
merci stéphane "naaba" s
what? it arrived in rome, but not yet at any backer in germany? wtf?
@john r hood yeah that is a bit annoying, don't know if i should wait in again today or risk doing what i need to do in town.
just arrived in rome! thank u very much!
i'm hoping my copy in the uk shows up today... no tracking or shipping info on the pledge manager.
@endevor: search your mail with the invitation for the pledge manager (searching for ckpm works for me in gmail), assuming you didn't delete it. it contains a link that logs you in automatically (security be damned ;)). any cmon pledge manager invite will do, doesn't have to be the blood rage one.
haha, first br games on ebay - 250 euro...
i don't remember my ckpm password and the reset form is crashing (error 500), too bad...
@frederick - this is the fourth cmon kickstarter i've backed, but only received tracking for one of those before actually receiving the game itself.
@frederick  uk backer here and no tracking number or shiny toys yet.  we'll get ours soon though, often before a tracking number.  cmon have a lot of practice in this now :)
anyone in australia get their copy yet?
has anyone in the uk who is expecting a delivery today checked the pledge manager to see if they have a tracking number? i've still not got one and didn't get my copy yesterday.
@mark, fingers crossed we all have a weekend full of blood rage goodness.  my daughter is really hoping for it arrives and she has no homework, as it has been non-stop all week.
well i'm up early to wait for my blood rage pledge. i really hope it arrives today, staying in all day just in case!
@red beard, you probably dreamt of boxes last night lol.  probably worth recorded any damage, no matter how minor and at least reporting it to cmon when they open up that phase.  at the very least it should help them see what they need to improve in future campaigns but should hopefully will lead to replacements of the items that need it.  it is quite amazing it survives that distance pre-packed when some online purchses don't make it through courier services over 100 miles or so unscathed lol.
@david "hail to the rat king baby!" i don't think i have written the word 'box' or 'boxes' so many times in one day lol...
@david "hail to the rat king baby!" hi david, no probs, if it can help anyone out that''s a bonus. thanks for that info, interesting to know, that it was the same items? i think it is predominantly due to the latter effect "or a weakness in the larger size of the retail packaging of those items", being that the smaller boxes, although of the same gram weight card, etc, doesn't hold up in the longer/larger boxes in the largest surface dimension which has a lot of give by comparison to the compact smaller boxes, though the sides due to double thickness of a closed box are sturdy enough in the larger/longer boxes. the packaging inside the delivery or 'mother' box is minimal, but they really couldn't fit much more packing material in there, so in all likely hood it is a crushed effect due to the 'mother' box being of the scale that it is, though a different choice of packing material such as bio-degradable foam pellets/peanuts, would have been better than the 2x deflated air pockets, 1x scrumpled ball of brown paper & small rectangle cardboard brace. though to their credit, they did have a box inside a box which was cool & a nice bed for the core box at the bottom, consisting of four polystyrene corner braces to keep it away from the surface of the delivery box. it is also, unfortunately, luck of the draw :/ i really can't grumble too much mate, it is a lovely loot indeed, & very much looking froward to peeling back that cellophane ;)  i am just glad (& very pleasently surprised come to that) it is predominantly all in such good order as it is. but yes, a new box for the knackered expansion would nice, later down the line :)
@red beard, thanks for that.  although it's early days yet, yours is the second of a small sample reporting damage, however slight, to the 5th player and wild clan expansion boxes.  i wonder if that is due to a lack of secure packaging within the larger shipping box or a weakness in the larger size of the retail packaging of those items?
amendment & apologies: 10: 'wolfman', box, figure & one stat card, cellophaned & in great condition. +optional 11: '5th player expansion' box, cellophaned & in damaged condition (creasing/buckling).
@all blood rage recipients @david "hail to the rat king baby!" a log list of all items received in the delivery of blood rage. may you all use this as a basis for itinerary checking your own box to see if you are short on items & in turn if i am short please point this out to myself. please bare in mind i have not yet broken the seals on any of the items in the delivery & shall either be looking through plastic windows to describe content amiss/intact or just the box itself of whatever part of the game & the content description therein. upon opening |i shall endeavour to create another list of contents (though don't bank on it as i have a mind like a sieve & i'm fairly busy lol) hope this helps all of us in some way or another, cheers :) 1: big brown 'coolminiornot' box (36.5cmx35.5cmx33.5cm) with very cool 'blood rage' sticker on the box (note to self - peel it off carefully & keep to apply where one chooses) *secondary brown box inside the large delivery box contains some of the following 2: the 'blood rage' core game box cellophaned & in great condition. 3: 'wild boar clan expansion', cellophaned & in good condition (some creasing/buckling). 4: 'mystics of midgard' box, cellophaned & in great condition. 5: 'gods of asgard' box, cellophaned & in great condition. 6: '5th players extras' box, cellophaned & in great condition. 7: 'mountain giant' box, figure & one stat card, cellophaned & in great condition. 8: 'mystic troll' box, figure & one stat card, cellophaned & in great condition. 9: 'fenrir' box, figure & one stat card, cellophaned & in great condition. **for everyone missing a card in the single figure packs, check thoroughly if unopened as some are trapped/hidden between the internal blister & top/bottom of box (apologies if this seems so very obvious to check, i do not intend to condescend those missing cards, was just to cover possible panicky oversights) +optional 10: '5th player expansion' box, cellophaned & in damaged condition (creasing/buckling).
@red beard, no worries.  oddly i am usually a very private person.  i use facebook with great reluctance and have virtually no profiles anywhere but i can use my real name because it is very common. i have made the appropriate sacrifices to the gods and will watch the skies for omens tomorrow, as i actually will be out most of the day.  may odin bless me with wisdom of good timing ;).
just had my box arrive today (wales, uk).  absolutely stunning details.  gutted i didn't purchase the 5th player edition though.  the smell of new on the boxes is deliciouuuuus.
@mendili : i suppose dpd will deliver in france, it appears it was them in uk and i know that z3 was by them in belgium. if dpd works on french territory i don't think cmon will use another. @greyskull : with where you live you should know that (not all but) most french guy prefer using french over another language :)
@david "hail to the rat king baby!" - sorry for the confusion david, i just find it creepy seeing my name splashed across the net... hhmmm, will need to ponder 'why' i do on that one actually. anyhooz, should not be long in reaching you sir, if it arrived with me, should be with you soon, probs before/or on the weekend being that your proximity is not drastically far from myself, as the odin raven fly's that is, though don't hold me to that ;) cool, shall make a another post for yourself & all other blood ragers after this one to log the loot & use as a base of stock check! cheers :)
mendili man... speak english...
@scott/red beard (the name change caught me between refreshes :p), always happy to help if i can.  alas my box of rage filled goodness did not arrive today but by all means list what you have, it will be a useful guide for myself and others to compare against when that wonderous moment occurs.
bonsoir a tous  une petite question je vis en france et je voudrais savoir qu elle transporteur nous livrera blood rage si possible merci d avance
i am in copenhagen, denmark. i have not gotten mine yet, but i suspect the mailman just neglected to leave behind a slip. i have a good feeling about tomorrow. ☺
@ david "hail to the rat king baby" cox - thanks for your your time & help david. i presumed it would be as such, especially with all they will contended with in this period of distribution & primary after care. already on it sir, shall be taking photos whilst still in the cellophane ;) have you received your loot yet? may i list the contents for you to see if it pairs with your bounty accordingly? the list may help others, though shall be lost soon enough i suppose in the deluge of typed contributions.... shame there is no 'sticky' type function for such things here? cheers!
@scott, cmon will probably announce how and when to report damaged/missing items soon after shiiping is dealt with, if previous experience is any indicator. i would suggest taking clear photos of any issues ready to send them during that phase.  from my experience they were very keen to rectify any issues that affected backers experience of their new ks goodies, even if that took a while to arrange shipping of replacements from their main warehouse.
received my chest of glory around an hour ago, i am based not far south of london uk. a great surprise to reap the treasures so soon in battle }:d so far the cards in the single boxed figs seem to be there. only complaints i have (so far, having not yet split one gram of cellophane open yet & simply peered in/at the boxes) is 'the 5th player expansion' box which has a nasty great crease straight across the front of it & subtle damage in the corner, ruining the beautiful artwork, which we can see above in the banner heading this page. the 'wild boar clan' box also has some creasing though nothing like the 5th player expansion. now, i understand there are some tragic events occurring across the face of the earth that my ruined box means naught in the scale of all things, but it matters to me. i treat my games as i do my books, i keep them immaculate & expect them to arrive to my person as pristine as i shall tend them. now the '5th player expansion' is just that, an expansion, which was not part of the ks bundle 'lot', so, if i were to purchase it under any other circumstances from a brick & mortar store (which i would not in the it's condition), or an online store, i would certainly expect a replacement if it were in the condition i mention, upon return of faulty or otherwise (is it possible to purchase a new box, just the box, from the company?) what to do folks? i fully comprehend my concern is waaaay at the bottom of the list until the fog clears of deliveries, other complaints, etc, but there after, a new box please, i truly hate having damaged goods in a collection of such beauty... whom should i contact on this matter? many thanks for any & all help, redbeard
yeah! uk arrival - art book is sweet - 20 month old baby to get asleep and it's debox time!
@stéphane: thanks for the information. that has put my mind at rest a bit hearing your story.
@rasmus : i'm afraid the only way you can track will be when the tracking info will appear in the blood rage page of ckpm. and i think you might receive your package before seeing info there. @colin : no fenrir card, sorry to here that. you'll probably have to wait till all shipping process is done to see that with the support.  i was missing my survivor heisenberg (i think the game name is spencer) of zombicide s3. after all was clear and the support could handle my request i received it fairly quick :) (i suppose info will appear in the next updates)
got it in the uk! the mins look amazing and have great detail! just check that all the monsters have their cards as i have one card missing which is fenrir.
it there somewhere i can track where the package is? this is my first time backing something here on kickstarter..
has anyone received in italy?
@james, great to hear someone in the city has it :).  fingers crossed for tomorrow.
just received mine this morning, forgot they had been dispatched, but wow the quality awesome looking forward to having a few games. thanks cmon great kickstarter.
received mine this morning via dpd. they'd messed up my address but luckily my phone number was there.  everything looks great, kind of regretting not going for more of the extras now! thanks kickstarter & cmon!
@stéphane thanks again!
nowt so far.  not sure if i was relieved or disappointed not to find a card.  must be still in transit between here and germany (just to narrow it down :p).
@frederick : no package no shipping tracking for now... (location : belgium)
by any chance, has anyone who hasn't received one yet checked to see if anything has been filled in the "shipping tracking" section of the pledge manager?
no record of a delivery coming either by dpd or parcelforce... guess mine was on the 2nd boat!
@cmon: is it too late to change my address?  i see the ships arriving 10/4 and after, and we close on our house 10/9 so i need to re-direct this asap. (along with 20 other projects, but this one is imminent so it's top-priority) thanks!
dpd delivery to me here in the uk, despite a major hole in the delivery box no damage inside (phew, thank goodness for those polystyrene spacers) the gods of asgard which i was never to impressed with in photos look much better in hand so their softness was just a photographic illusion due to the colour of the plastic, and all the other minis are excellent as expected the only slight criticism i could offer is they could have either made the holder for the cards a bid deeper or given us a ziplock bag for them as the top few are going to end up rattling around the inside of the box, especially after they've been shuffled a few times and don't pack so tightly
uk folks can phone dpd and ask if there's a parcel coming to them. the automated service will ask for a tracking number, just enter 1# twice and you'll be passed on to a human who can check.
@stéphane thanks - i guess we'll see! nothing yet, though it's only halfway through the day...
our dpd route either turns up around late morning or just in time for no one being in later in the afternoon.  hopefully a neighbour will take it in for us but we are the usual daytime safedrop for everyone else (apart from a small window).  worst case the depot is only a 20 min drive away if i avoid rush hour :).
@frederick : i'm not sure, but it seems really geographic related as all europeans that says received their package are from uk and denmark
i'm hoping someone with a late alphabet surname will get a delivery soon to reassure me
went home for lunch hoping for a 'attempted delivery' notice. nothing so far, but dpd can deliver as late as 1930.
aaargh, so many uk deliveries and i went out when i didn't really need to.
i think notices are usually sent by dpd to cmon when the packages is in the van, so by the time cmon us sends us the tracking info, the package will already be delivered.
just arrived east sussex uk  no notice
just arrived with no notice today in copenhagen
no notice. just a knock at the door from the dpd delivery guy. sorry just spent 2 hour cleaning the drool off my new game :))) blood rage \m/
so i'm guessing the "sorry you weren't in" parcel notice that came through my front door today was this? urgh typical. a week earlier than i thought though, so if i manage to get someone to answer the door tommorow then i'll still be chuffed.
rien également en france pour l instant.
nothing in south east queensland yet either. shouldn't be too long
argh, i live 100 km south from hamburg in bremen - hopfully my pledge will arrive this week... but hey, it seems indeed quite fair that a viking game goes first to scandinavia!
and who is at work today, while all the nice brown boxes are being delivered all over eu? gddmmt!
my copy has just arrived in denmark. raaaaaah! so much goodness in one box!
what courier reece?
i'm hoping ship 1 and ship 2 weren't done alphabetically in the eu...
no luck in north queensland yet.
a big big box just arrived :d
any aussies got their copy yet? waiting on mine to arrive in sydney.
@simon arrived at your address or you were notified that it had crossed the channel?
can confirm. i just got a slip saying that i can pick up my package from cool mini or not from the postal office. and i live in copenhagen so the rest of you danish backers should cross your fingers:-d
mine arrived in the uk about 2 mins ago. blood rage ����
@simona nope, no tracking number prior to receiving the package here. i don't know if it was dpd, as i didn't personally receive the package. i'm sure that a lot of people in the eu will get theirs very soon, if not today. seems fitting that a viking game is received in scandinavia first! :d
someone on boardgamegeek has said they've received it in essex this morning. fingers crossed for the uk!
the regular postman was here, no feast at odin's side for me. dpd would come later in the day, but i doubt i'll get it this week. @arakin/all: base game and all the exclusives i can't offer,  but i'm willing to part with the merc promo set 1 and 2, merc heroes set 2 and the bone devils mix set. the brise sanguine exclusive lady, too. the others have been claimed by interested opponents or my painting backlog ;) i think same price as the character packs during ks is fair for everyone.
ship 1 has started to spread its gifts to backers, then. denmark seems like a fitting start, so i won't even bitch about having to wait longer because i'm in germany. valhalla!
that's great news! hopefully we'll hear from more eu backers that they've received their game in the next few days.
@anders pedersen did you receive any tracking notice prior to the delivery? and was it again from dpd?
@arakin did you try ebay?
this is great news, anders! enjoy your time pillaging while the rest waits to do the same :)
does anyone who backed this, in the uk or europe have an extra copy of rum and bones to sell on with ks exclusives at all? i am interested in getting hold of a copy. my email is on my profile :o)
i just received the game in denmark. so eu backers should have it in their hands very soon!
hi there - any other backers in hong kong? if yes, have you received your pledge yet? i'd assumed we might be among the first given our proximity to mainland china, but no sign of my pledge yet. cheers, ap.
aussie customs and national postal are striking on and off at the moment. will definitely be slowing is fown
but i agree godfather punk, shipping for black plague is really affordable :)
ok, looks like i have posted this in the wrong project :o
on verra bien, 1° c'est pas encore la fin du mois et 2° si on le reçoit dans 2 semaines personnes ne va en mourir...patience est mère de sûreté, zen les gars.
for those that complain about the eu ship "not arrived yet": note that there are a lot of backers, and that offloading takes usually 2-3 days, then comes another 2-3 days for customs, then another 1-2 days for picking up the shipment to the distribution center, making sure all packages are correct, checking for damages... i would say 2 weeks before shipments get sent... so, if you haven't received anything by the end of the month, then i would start asking questions. (and trust me, i know how customs work... slow as hell, and pretty annoying).
yep! locked in! i skipped some of the artist boxes and most of the non-mini add-ons.
*hole, not hold. i'll drop a post when the full rule book is out in a week and maybe there will be more that makes it stand out from the crowd too. incidentally, if there are any one vs all games you want to recommend, please do :o)
the pledge manager seems 'live'! $22 shiping for a lot of extras. :^)
@matthew @lance, thanks for the feedback. i don't currently own any games like it, so it fills a nice hold in my collection. i think there is a lot of strength in the game beyond the minis and some of the game mechanics like the exploding dice are fantastic, from one simple harmless action you can die and it's worse if you don't try. your best characters will die, it's brutal! lol. again i don't own a one vs all game, so it's quite refreshing for me. still worth people checking it out, if they are not in the same boat as you :o)
bonjours a tous d après ce que l on ma dit il y avait deux navires pour ue le tout premier navire a décharger un conténaire au port du havre en france le 14.09.15 et le second a livrer le second conténaire a hambourg le 15.09.15 au matin voila ce que j ai put apprendre je n en sait pas plus.
@arakin i'm afraid i agree with @lance...i looked at the game and the preview on how it plays with eric lang and frankly i was not impressed.  the figures on the whole look nice, especially the werewolf, but the game play and how the board was set up...sorry looked like a generic horror game that was not taken to its fullest...sorry
chinese backer. haven't recived the sets yet.
@arakin while i agree that there's plenty of free stuff in there it's just not a game for me... it seems another generic "co op horror themed" game (the corruption mechanic though it's genious). it seems more another  "miniature boardgame" than a "boardgame with miniatures" and for me at least that's a nono... i hope you will have a nice campaign though @sam i think we eu people should expect our packages around last days of septembe/ first days of october... my prediction is around september 30th for italy
@greyskull - i wouldn't worry about nothing since the 14th. im in the uk and having backed several cmon projects it's at least 2 weeks from boat arrival to packages being received -  i'm not expecting anything for another week yet.
now that basegate is over, come on over to the others. the next sin - envy has hit as the next cluster of stretch goals, plus more ks exclusive freebies. once unlocked that's 4 sins for free, rrp $100, the same as the cost of just backing (not to mention all the other free stuff!). everything is awesome, come check it out and join us!!! it's another eric lang cmon game and it's dark and rammed full of stuff, bursting in fact!
no news from europe and the first boat was supposed to be here the 14th of september....
singapore backer. received the package yesterday. haven't had time to open and inventory as yet, lol. but looking forward to it this weekend. �
nope but i'm west aussie, so i will be last to receive. no tracking number yet either.
anyone taken delivery in australia yet?
*@greyskull*
@greysku, he said "the first ship unloading at the port harbor and the second in hamburg for the whole of the eu so i would say from now on a two-week waiting patience is a virtue courage."
i'm really hoping to get this before my birthday next month. it's gonna be a close one... i can't wait to get started painting these...
does anyone know what delivery company cmon use in australia??
@mendilli.. sorry what did u just said?
@mendili ils sont arrivés déjà la semaine passée les bateaux, donc si on a beaucoup de chance on les reçoit cette semaine sinon celle d'après.
they are scheduled to stop there on route but the cmon dates tally with final arrival date in savannah :).  should mean us customers get them through the  cmon warehouse courier handoff that bit quicker.
looks like the ships are going to new york port.  http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/details/ships/shipid:201234/mmsi:235102679/imo:9629079/vessel:ever_lissome
@simon dostalova thanks simon - that's helpful. hope it won't be too long now!
le premier bateau a décharger au port du havre et le second a hambourg pour l ensemble de l ue donc je dirais a partir de maintenant une attente de deux semaines la patience est une vertue courage.
based on how the pledges were delivered in zombicide season 3 and rum and bones, i believe that uk and france are usually on the first ship and the rest on the second. at least in both cases the shipping started in uk and france and then, a week later, all other countries.
@lance @simon dostalova yep, that's what i was talking about. i was hoping it would be possible to tell (in the eu) whether one's copy was on ship 1 or ship 2 but i guess it's just wait and see really
@david, that's what i was thinking based on dates. damn, i'm guessing that cmon itself is the distribution hub in my case, so my blood rage is going to be so close to me, and then leave for atlanta before it makes its way to my doorstep... can i just pick mine up at the port? ;-p
@eric, the us ships are due at savannah.  you can find the shipping route .pdfs via google but i don't remember the link off the top of my head (i was bored ;) ).
does anybody know what port our containers will be unloading at for the us ships? my guesses would be savannah or new york. does anyone know for sure though?
check gloomhaven -kickstarter! \o/
any pirate fans around here?? check this out!! for when we need a short break from binge-playing blood rage!!! :d https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2031961868/skallywaggs-pirate-building-card-game/comments
canada boat is now in port! real waiting game begins
@lance, early bird is just special pricing.  early bird pledges don't ship any faster than the regular ones.
phase 1: get game sent to you phase 2: ??? phase 3: profit!
oh ok then! since everyone was talking about phase 1 i thought there would be a "phase 2" of sorts... @angus thanks for the answer and happy gaming!
@lance everyone is phase 1. there is no phase 2.
and that means i should receive my package soon since i'm in phase 1 too (not surprising being an early bird)
@frederick i think you can see on the pledge manager page (you can still login)
@uffe @anthony cook thanks uffe - what i meant is how anthony cook knew that he is with the first phase. thanks.
@frederik one of the updates included details of the ships bringing the games from china. you can track the whereabouts of ships on several different websites.
@anthony cook how did you find that out?
@agreave, the eu ships arrived on time in hamburg on the 14th and 17th, so it is just a matter of waiting for warehousing and shipping now.  almost there :)
i am with the first phase, did they just change it?  shipment phase 1	september 2015
how much was shipping to singapore? i had considered getting the game sent to taiwan, but i was afraid it would cost way too much.
@lance: no shipping invoice or anything notify me of the shipping, it just arrived unexpectedly.
is eu region next on the list? i've kind of lost track of this one-the others, say no more!
@mark owen, i was just thinking if the order had already been packed up, but i guess they could just send what he added later.
has any of you lucky asian backers the artbook yet? if so, how is it? thinking about getting the one for the others, if this one is good.
really looking forward to getting it now :)
jason - it probably won't be that much of a problem. for various reasons, i ended up paying for my xenoshyft order long after they'd gone out. meant my shipping was a bit higher, but it got sent out separately and quite quickly after than. in leandro's case, i guess his will be sent out from cmon hq once they have all the stock.
singapore here, got it today!
received it in singapore today, thank you!
great to see people getting their pledges! hopefully they'll start showing up in the eu this week or next.
oh good lord... the pm is still letting people add to their pledges and pay the balance?  this is going to cause problems.
@leandro: it surprises me you were able to still change the pledge manager. the games are already on their way to backers. some people are receiving their rewards already. i don't think you can still change your order. i think you'd better message cmon directly.
singapore here! just received mine as well :) http://i.imgur.com/hqb0lku.jpg
angus did you receive a shipping invoice? or it just arrived at your home?
hello, i have just upgrade my pledge to the ragnarok plus 5th player expansio, could you confirm it for me please? i have made a paypal payment. thx
so... do we have an insider in german customs office?
congrats angus.
i should have just had my copy shipped to asia. curse you geography!
mark, you are much welcome to come over and play together!  seriously, wish you could get your game very soon.
gratz angus lee, wish i was able to play it whit you. hopefully we (eu) get our games soon.
just got my copy (in hong kong) today!
i'm ready to start painting these minis. i just need the game to get here....
i do not like legacy games so gloomhaven is a no go for me.
gloomhaven looks interesting, but also a bit complex for my taste.
thanks nigel.
yay!
yes it arrived in sydney a couple days ago.
everybody should check gloomhaven kickstarter. \o/ everybody.
anyone know if the australian longship has landed?
@coraline take a look at this video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@coralline, fine detail in minis that size is really difficult.  you might be able to do it using a pen, but even the mico tip pens are pretty big for minis this size.  you might be able to use colored pencil as long as you get the tip very sharp.  sealing the mini with a spray-on or brush-on sealant will protect the pencil from being rubbed off.
does anybody know a good trick to add tattoos to minis? i remember reading something about using a ink or paint pen. these guys deserve tattoos and i have no game for tackling that.
@bruce, see update #43 "usa and rest of the world we have two ships this time: ever lissome v. 0799w, arriving on october 4th.  ever liven 0800w, arriving on october 11th."
when are these expected to arrive in the u.s.?
@neonjuggler, steady on, leave the goldfish out of this.  he wanted to back the game but couldn't get on the internet.
well, i have just realized, mcsberyl has arrived today ^^u my fault, sorry!
@merazaander mscberyl arrived at bremen, in spite of hamburg, and he is already traveling south again, so i presumed that everything was on his way ^^
omg so much stuff being delivered arround spiel, my kickstarter pipeling is running empty :)
may jormungand the sea serpent appear in your fishbowl and laugh at your pet goldfish mercilessly.
may miniature plastic vikings rape your house, burn your gold and pillage your woman.
may thor strike you down, meyer, you grudgebearing customs official!
i just hope he doesn't have a chip on his shoulder and work in customs.
he should back the game himself ;-)
meyer will be disappointed :p.
my doorstep of course, not meyer doorstep
rum&bones arrived at meyer german doorstep abou two weeks after the second ship landed in hamburg. so bloodrage might show up just before essen. i wonder if cmon will sell bloodrage at essen. i really think so because they did at gencon as well.
msc beryl has docked in hamburg. so now the final wait has started
indeed, msc beryl isn't due into hamburg until the morning after departing bremerhaven today.  not that a couple days will make a lot of difference if my order is on the second container (oh god, it's like zombicide s3 all over again, is it here yet? ;) ).
@jacinto are you sure that both have arrived. if msc beryl is going to be unloaded in hamburg it is still on its way... at least thats what it  shows me
hopefully by the end of next week
both european ships have arrived and departed, so our pledges will be at home in about... 3 weeks? i hope so!
would anyone happen to have ordered an extra 5th player expansion? i didn't order it and now i'm regretting it.
well the first america ship has gotten through suez so at least we got that going for us.
by the way, don't forget that your game might be on the second ship (msc beryl), which arrives in hamburg tomorrow night, but i'm hoping that the bulk is already being processed by customs in hamburg.
@paulo yeah, sounds about right. i'm estimating that final distribution will start in week 41 (current week is 38), with backers from germany and surrounding countries receiving their games. if you're further out (i.e. in the mediterrean countries or scandinavia), it might slip into week 42.
the european vessel has arrived... so what? three to four weeks to arrive the game?
i think it was mentioned in the august 6 update
@neonjuggler - how do you know that ?
well, the second eu ship should arrive tomorrow night in hamburg, so then it's just getting through customs and transport to the distribution center before the games can be sent out to us. so i'm expecting it in the week of spiel essen...
even with everything already packaged and labeled, it would still take nearly a month? atlanta is only 4 or so hours from savannah (cmon is in atlanta,  right?). the only other ks from them i have done was zombicide s2. so my experience is very little.
@christopher - theoretically, anything can happen to the container. dock worker strike, politics pushing a trade embargo, fws holding the shipment... whatever. it has happened before to ks stuff, but it's unusal, and cmon have a lot of experience by now. 4 weeks after docking is a rather conservative guess, but one which makes it less likely to be dissapointed. 2 week is possible but unlikely.
so, how long, typically, would the container sit in us customs? if my copy is on the first ship, arriving on october 4th, realistically, dealing with customs, getting the container to where it needs to be, unloading (and sorting?) and finally shippig...how log are we looking at from off the boat to shipment? i know i was thinking positive, but i was thinking, maybe, around october 15. but perhaps that is too positive? so, those of you who have prior experience with this stuff, what are your estimates?
them going to a atlantic port is better for getting the games quicker since they are handled in house by cool mini at their hq in georgia. so going to the east coast will hopefully cut several days of train travel and get fulfillment started sooner.
pre-packaging will not help custom clearance, processing of the container(s?) will probably most of the time, i guess ~14 days, once the individual packages are in the warehouse, shipping them all out might take another 2 weeks. both could be faster with any luck. still a chance we may have this before spiel.
seeing as the items are already packed and labeled individually things could maybe move quicker this time.
@david ford, thanks. i haven't actually checked the ships' journey. but this makes me super sad. :/
@ ron thanks a lot for sharing your experience.that will avoid to be stress full and to check everydays for nothing.
@chris, yeah, everything's already shipped.
its to late to get the art book, right?
@ ron: tkx for sharing your experience!
@ron derksen thanks very much!
with rum and bones i received my tracking information mail half a day after my package. even some non-germans had theirs days before me, though, so no idea what happened there.
it was the same with z3. people in eu started receiving games roughly in third week after final container arrived.
@christian again, based on my vast experience with cmon distribution *ahem* ;-), i would say that german backers get their game just a one or two days earlier than backers in the surrounding countries... for world of smog, the first german reports of receiving the game came one day before i received mine in the netherlands. timeline for world of smog was like this: - ship arrived in hamburg on august, 1st - cmon posted that final distribution had started on august, 17th - german backers reported receiving the game on august, 18th - i received tracking information on august, 18th - i received the game on august, 19th so it might still take 2-3 weeks before you get the game.
hopefully the german backers will get their stuff during next week. any thoughts/opinions on that?
just checked the canada vessel and it's now suppose to arrive one week early (21 and not 28 of september), vikings are fast on their way!
@frederick watkinson i did receive notification when it left the distribution center, but that was 2-3 days before it arrived at my door step.
@matthius, please stop spamming every board you are on, every game i am a backer of you are spamming right now! that's not actually supporting another campaign with relevant content that compliments another ks, that's just spam! also posting on active ks is very bad practice. you have posted that on 10 boards, i wish there was a way of reporting that!
hallo zusammen, ich möchte euch auf ein interessantes projekt hinweisen, was m. e. ein riesiges potential hat: "dueling samurai". unten der link. das ist keine werbung, sondern nur - wie ich schon oft gesehen habe - ein hinweis eines überzeugten backers. danke und grüße! ps: es wird auch auf deutsch erscheinen ;-) hello altogether, i want to refer of an interesting project, which has in my opinion a big potential: "dueling samurai". at the bottom the link. this is no promotion, only - how i often seen before  - a note from from a persuaded backer. thanks and apologize mistakes in writing ;-) regards! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/903579097/dueling-samurai-a-vicious-and-epic-samurai-era-boa…
@ron derksen did you get notification when world of smog was on its way or did it just turn up after a couple of weeks? thanks
when will bloodrage.com launch? any toughts  about it yet, and how it's sopposed to become?
that sounds great! i hope most of the pledges are on the first ship.
@gran thurizmo yep, only two more weeks before we get blood rage! (at least, that's how long it took for world of smog to reach after the ship arrived). which means i can still get it to the table before having to compete with all the new games from essen!
the ship hanjin harmony has reached hamburg! you guys know what that means!:-)
@gem abed as the north american bound ships are traveling through the suez canal, that strongly suggests that they are headed to an atlantic port, and not a pacific port.
does anyone know where the us shipment will arrive (california)? i have a business trip in ca in october and i am hoping that the first ship to arrive will have ca addresses on it instead of the second ship (which comes later and might cause me to miss blood rage for a long time).
i was considering the others - 7 sins, but its looking like another game that's more about mini collecting. and it seems a bit samey with moving around streets fighting. i am looking forward to scythe next month - and hope coolmini does another board game like bloodrage.
@simona thank you for your answer.  hopefully it might be quicker then 2-4 weeks as everything is prepackaged and ready to ship. i'm hoping that the package can go trough customs by the end of this week but i have no experience with how long this normally takes. however - if possible then my package might ship for denmark by the beginning of next week in which case i would have it somewhere around thursday or friday. which could be perfect as i have a gaming night comming up that thursday;-)
i am pretty confident that we would get our pledge by end of september at the latest
sooo can we expect mid october then for eu? or maybe end of september? either way can't wait! @noitamies: i don't get the hype for the others… it seems really another reskinned zombicide with a more grittier theme… i get it's not full coop and it's eric lang… but it really doesn't say anything to me
i mean look at the latest add on purchase... how can you not pledge ;)
all the backers here pledge for the others 7 sins ! \o/
@aurgelmir all of the eu pledges will be sent from hamburg. le havre is just one of the ship's stops but the destination for our games is hamburg - hence arrival on 17th. if other cmon kses are any indication (and i think they are, in 1-2 weeks, people in france and uk will start seing their packages. yours will be delivered to you in 2-4 weeks from now.
@maya,  i had luck getting rum & bones to my recent new address.  some balance between signing up with fedex and working with support@cmon.com  (i think) seemed to work.
well the boats have now passed where i live. that's a good and a sad sign haha. it's like watching the ice cream truck drive past your house when you have no money.
hopefully i'll be able to get everything sorted out. good thing is i still live relatively close to the old address, if i get the shipping dates and tracking i'll be able to get it somehow.
i actually tried to change my address 6 weeks ago and was told it was too late. now i have to wait for it to travel to my apo address and then get forwarded back to me here in the states. it's about a 5 week process. good luck...
@maya, sorry to hear about your predicament but my understanding is it too late as the packages on the ships are already labelled.  i don't know if anyone in previous cmon campaigns have had any success arranging redirections with the couriers once they have the tracking emails though.
just watched the dice tower review of blood rage that was a mistake now i want it more
i've sent two messages asking if my shipment address could be changed because we had to move suddenly and i have gotten no response.
anyone is asia get their items already???
as i sit around, blood rageless, i feel as though a groundhog emerged from his den, saw no shadow, and pushed ragnarok back six weeks.
is it just me or does it look like both european vessels will arrive at the 14th of september when checking up on them through vesselfinder (despite the update saying 14th and 17th of september)? also, as one ship is heading for le havre in france and the other one heading for hamburg in germany might one dare hope that the german hub is sending to e,g, denmark (coincidently where i live) as i imagine that this would increase the speed of delivery:-)
@buissonnet, nope you should just receive a nice parcel via courier.  it is shipped from germany and all the taxes should have been dealt with prior to you getting it.  i don't recall which courier companies were mentioned by french backers in zombicide s3, there may have been a couple depending on the region.  uk orders were via dpd via local hubs.
@adrian and arakin - that's… not entirely true… cmon does a good job on hyping up and answering questions during the campaign… but after it closes it becomes quite troublesome to get in contact with them and updates are really on the scarce side… i saw better handling of the post ks by other minor companies and publishers… cmon does deliver, mind you, but the post ks is always a bit troublesome
hello all odin's son, it will be my first ks deliveries and i would know if we will have to pay import taxes?
@adrian, you are spot on, i have backed many campaigns now and cmon are the most responsive throughout a campaign and also have one member of staff at least on the threads happy to rally the troops, do q&a's and take compliments and criticism alike. you get some of that in other campaigns, more often than not, none at all, and every ks i join with cmon, or have late backed, i am super impressed!
this is the third game i've backed on ks, and it'll be the first to arrive.  cmon are, hands down, the most professional group with all the updates etc.  i really have to say in future if it's a game from this mob, that's where my money will go.
australia! ragnarok is coming!
is it monday yet? no? what about now? are the ships in hamburg yet! whyyy is it so close but still so far away?
@anton, the promo was only regarding a scenario and nothing to do with miniature design.  i wouldn't bet that the bases will fit perfectly between games, as they would have only tested them on blood rage figs.
for everyone who also backed conan: since there was some kind of crosspromotion - i guess i will be able to use the blood rage counterbases for the conan minis as well? (i have conan counterbases as part of my order at the moment, just wanted to check if i can safely remove those)
@chris, in aus too, i feel your pain:)
@chris fb message from the blood rage site: "sorry, no feedback from the forwarder yet. we've just contacted them again for information. hope to be able to update you very soon."
anyone know the name of the aussie ship yet so we can track its progress?
@schwartz wow!  i am impressed, you are truly divine! in your head, right?  i wouln't like to be there, it looks crowded;)
@ john mathews, thanks. according to the ships schedule, they are planning on leaving port on the 5th....so sometime around the  the 19th or 20th....a week later if i am on the 2nd ship. depends, maybe, on how they filled the ships up. by name, i could very well be on that first ship...
@christopher, i'd give it two weeks from when it hits port. the containers need to get unloaded and shipped to their warehouse. then it needs to be picked up from the warehouse and shipped out. thankfully everything is already picked and labeled for "local" delivery so it's just pull the boxes out of the container and put them in a postal truck (or ups, fedex or who ever) so only a day or two after they have their hands on it instead of them having to sort, pull, pack, label and ship.
divine that is he he ;-)
yessir @thomas i keep it in my mind! by the ozonic chariot divene! ;-)
ragnarok is here already:  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@stefan - i was in the same situation for rum n bones. paid a ton for shipping from the u.s. and am getting stung by customs now too :( won't make that mistake again!!
@schwartz you make me laugh, do you keep a list of your usage of " by the ..................."  for each game you back, because i saw a few... by philip k. dick.
@stefan lindqvist  send an e-mail to support@cmon.com and explain them the situation.  the bad news is that your reward will leave from the us if your situation is sorted out. cheers
i missed the pledge manager... the mail must have gone to the spamfolder. :( what do i do now?
yes ragnarok is coming!!!only 2 or 3 week before the unbox time �.
so, with everything already packaged and ready to ship, assuming my order is on the first us boat, and arrives in at the port on the 4th....what delivery date, approximately, am i looking at in southwest michigan?
i keep watching the boats. o.o
@cmon, any chance the us stuff will ship to ca first? i'll be there on business in october, so i am hoping it comes in time for me before i depart.
yep @punk, i'm kindof addicted to vesselfinder.com too, by the ozone divine!
hanjin harmony is doing 14kts in the malaga area but msc beryl is doing 22kts and is already near sicily. it's gonna be close who will pass gibraltar first, as harmony makes a pitstop in algericas first. september delivery is still possible for some parts of eu (depending on german customs). :^)
seeing the ships move is pretty cool :) any chance you could just stop by south africa and drop my game off on your way, no need to go all the way to america :p
when is the aussie ship going to be announced??
nice seeing another group play the game.  and to hear all the good reports from people who picked up retail copies at the convention.  br isn't exactly my type of game, but i took a chance based on the great art and theme (and of course, mr. lang).  and i've avoided any chatter up till now.  so all these reports have me excited!  kudos to the cmon team for another hit.
for all who missed it, the live game play video by dice tower: https://www.youtube.com/watch… enjoy watching during the long wait under the dark northern sky. do not let the trolls bite you :)
blood rage minis https://www.facebook.com/roglandpaintingartist/photos/pb.272179716216487.-2207520000.1441412016./688816657886122/…
too bad i am working. will it be available to watch in full later?
you tube channel the dice tower did a live stream of blood rage game play. great to see some game play. https://youtu.be/9umhoifzbhg
@edward lev: yep, english only via kickstarter
marc - stop spamming.
@edward lev: as far as i remember this ks is for the english version only. you will be one of the happy few to receive an english version of this "most wanted" game. :)
@marc stop spamming your facebook group. this is the second copy and paste post of yours i've seen, in different comment pages.
ever kicked yourself for missing out on a similarly great kickstarter? ever wondered how some people got such great results when painting those wonderful miniatures? ever got stuck in a game and needed quick feedback on rules or tactics? look no further. if you have a broader interest in the hobby, i have just created a new facebook community to which you are all invited: miniature boardgames - arkham horror to zombicide. https://www.facebook.com/groups/miniatureboardgames/ it’s all about great boardgames with great miniatures, from golden oldies like heroquest, descent and arkham horror to new crowdfunding gems such as conan, blood rage, zombicide black plague and dungeon saga. limitless fun for all ages and tastes! from high fantasy dungeon crawlers to zombie survival games. from sci-fi skirmishers to utterly unique boardgame concepts. with miniatures, obviously. come and share your knowledge, pictures, scenarios, sessions, painting techniques, upcoming pledging tips... one group to rule them all. whip out your dice, sharpen your swords and suck your brushes.
will the games, shipped to germany, be in german language?
the only problem i have with the game arriving at the start of october, is that it will have to compete with all the new games my group brings back from spiel. which means it might get less table time than i would like :(. but who cares, i'm happy it's almost here!
@caleb o'brien, congratulations!
i'm getting married on the 15th october, and leaving for the honeymoon i the 17th. hoping it arrives before then! i'm in australia.
i came across this site, which i think is pretty cool... http://www.shipmentlink.com/tvs2/jsp/tvs2_vesselschedule.jsp
i'm excited it looks like this will deliver sooner than i thought.
@chris vesselfinder websitie and click minimap,(not sure how accurate it is) any other info is premium only i believe.
@chris i think the only way you can get accurate tracking is have a satellite plan . there used to be a free site ,but i haven't used it in several years.
i'm fine with the shipping time frame as long as backers get their games before retail. does anyone know the date for retail yet?
blood is raging!!!!!! in happiness at receiving an update :)
looking at marine traffic, is there a way to see when they plan on reaching the us? never used that before. all i can see is the next port, and when they should reach there.
@sibowitz, incorrect, i'm happy, well done cmon-as usually us is first and everyone else last, this time the euro ships arrive before us but their shipping is faster so roughly the same delivery (late september/october or there abouts) and (canada gets their own boat so avoiding shipping hassles) same for aus (as near to china virtually so later set off) true asia does get an early but they are just over the border so no surprise! and the fact the ships engaged are "faster". shows cmon are at least trying to address the disparity in delivery dates. please don't post opinions on my behalf, if you're not happy do it in your own name. ;)
i'll laugh my ass off if blood rage arrives before rum n bones. that'd be fine with me, though because br has me way more hyped. no, hyped. i actually want to play it and even have potential opponents! using minis as markers seems to make it easier to approach for others. @agelripper: you have experience with cmon kickstartes, right? is there a reason why german backers are "usually" served from the later container? some sort of misguided "fairness" regarding eu shipping times? i don't even have a shipping mail for rnb yet :/
i'll laugh my ass off if blood rage arrives before rum n bones. that'd be fine with me, though because br has me way more hyped. no, hyped. i actually want to play it and even have potential opponents! using minis as markers seems to make it easier to approach for others. @agelripper: you have experience with cmon kickstartes, right? is there a reason why german backers are "usually" served from the later container? some sort of misguided "fairness" regarding eu shipping times? i don't even have a shipping mail for rnb yet :/
comments needs an edit button to help with my inability to proof read on my phone.
the viking on left in the banner is looks quite smug about having his copy of blood rage early and doesn't give a #@$* what anyone thinks.
@everyone who expected delayed, i totally agree. compained to zombicide: rue morgue and rum and bones (which turned up yesturday, yay!) the minor delay is not that bad, and something that should be expected. hell, i pre-ordered mission: red planet (reprint) and that is a month late so far, so even published games have pushable delivery dates. this is a game that will be worth waiting for, and all the gen-con reviews and feedback on it being probably the best game of the year means that we are in for a sweet sweet game. all our exclusives mean that its 100% worth the wait.
wow, that comment should have been done* with kickstarter not down with kickstarter.  big difference.
i have to laugh at the comments here, especially the 'shipping by boat is so 19th century. hilarious. how do you think most things get from one continent to another? by air? oil, grain, produce, almost every single major thing you see that comes from another continent has been moved by a ship, rare is the item that is shipped by air unless it is couriered. ships are and for a long time to come will be the best way to move bulk produce. as for timescales. ships are slow, getting the game end of september / start of october is good. this kickstarter has been open, honest about delays and shipping. quit whining. thanks cmon, personally, thumbs up to you guys.
from which hub will shipping to russia be?
@cmon thanks for this update.
this is the closest to on time i've ever seen for a kickstarter project.  all project creators deliberately underestimate their delivery estimate... at this point you have to because everyone does it, making a realistic estimate look way too long.  this is one of the big reasons why i'm down with kick starter in general, but i don't understand singling out this project when it is barely late.
so we germans will get the game in early october. our stuff is usually in the second container. and delivery does take around 3 weeks from the date the ship arrvies.
wow...wide disparity in shipping arrival dates. agreave will be most unhappy. cmon you've got it coming.
great with an update. thanks a lot. cannot wait to see the figures in real life.
yes! thank you for the rough timeline and ship id's! i was so anxious not knowing when it might arrive, but this takes the edge off. i can live with october, and the others should be opening this month! it looks snazzy, hoping to jump in and grab a spot!
for once american citizen will not get it first, how terrible! i live in europe and i'm used to to wait a few more days. do you think you can survive this once in a life time you will not get everything first can you?
@eric, i'm not surprised by the complainers. there are always a few of those kicking around. and typically complain about the same things on almost every project they back (surprising right?). on the flip side they can also be the ones that complain about missing the deal/exclusives on a project. can't please everyone, but i am extremely happy with what i have pledged and the way this project has been run, typically i anticipate an 8 month delivery on ks projects beyond the initial estimate anyways and so this is bang on. looking forward to this one a lot (along with the extras and exclusives), and on a side note my bday is also in october. happy pre-birthday all you awesome october birthday people!
glad there was an update. just disappointed that i have to wait another 6-8 weeks before it gets here....
@joe b, their (cmon) euro hub is in germany so i would say yes :)
does anyone know will the eu shipments be sent from germany like zombicide season 3?
oh no, we're getting the game barely a month or two after they said?... guys, chill. this is a better turn-around time period than almost every other game i've backed.
to be honest i am actually quite surprised they are on the ship at this end of september, so to me this is great news.  cmon can't help how long it takes a bulk container ship to get to the relevant ports with multiple stops on the way.  just hope no none disturbs any sea monsters on the way.
boy i'm glad my country gets our items a full 6 weeks after most others...said no one ever.
not angry, but whatever metrics cmon is using to calculate estimated fulfillment need adjusting. rum and bones estimated june, actual august/september. blood rage estimated september, actual october/november, if those ships arrive on time. zombicide season 3 had some pretty wild extenuating circumstances, of course. nevertheless, it's better to arrive early than late. i'd much rather be seeing estimated fulfillment set 9 months after the campaign and be collecting after six than vice versa.
@sibowitz, no, just set those that travel furthest to set off first, not a logistical nightmare really-as numbers are known book out more space on one ship rather than two to the same destination etc. i never even suggested they should pilot the ships you idiot-go rattle your chains elsewhere!
then again, if the shipping is by usps, i am fine with the current address.
i know this is crunch time, but will it be possible to change the shipping address at this point? for people who have backed previous cmon projects, is it advisable to try the address change given their scale and the timing? (the new background is awesome! something's in the air!)
@lobst5r it is one the biggest sea port of china and there was à huge explosion 2 week ago...a lot of contnairs travel by this port... @ sam : i wish too but we can't be sure of that. on ckpm shipping tracking still be phase 1.
just to confirm my understanding of the timeline. hopefully the game will be sailing from china any day now. it is then 4ish weeks to get to the us and 1-2 weeks for shipping in the us. so we are looking at early to mid november?
@buissonnetwhats going on in tianjing, out of curiosity? @alan holy crap. i looked up rogland...wow...
there's not a lot of updates they can give when the games are stuck on the boat.
i really hope we will have an update tomorrow...one month without news, it start to be lonnnnng.also hope cmon didn't stock their contnairs in tianjing....
now, i'm not going to say blood raging vikings like spring with the birds chirping and the bees buzzing. but knowing what ships are carrying these fine warriors would be pretty nice. @cmon (yes i am from the southern hemisphere)
@agreave - as if cmon don't have enough on their plates, you want them to skipper the boats now too ? just so they can coordinate similar shipping arrival dates! maybe they could manage world weather patterns to and geo-political events at the respective ports? i'm not sure that was in their job description 8-)
i wonder if they will manage to get the boats to arrive at roughly equal times with this one?
@matthew jordan going back to update #42 it says that packing should take until the end of the month (today) and then the games will be sent by boat to their distribution hubs.  so taking this information as still accurate and the journey by boat takes about 3 weeks, we could see something by the end of sept.  now that is obviously not official from cmon but as long as there were no delays in the packaging it seems reasonable.
@franky, thats whos technique i followed. i started painting my zombicide stuff 2 months ago, just took a count this morning and i painted up 188 zombicide figures in that time. i still need to matte varnish them and blood stain them, but they look great to me.
gencon was a month ago now, where non backers were able to purchase the game that backers had already paid nine hundred thousand dollars for. when can we expect delivery? (estimated time = september is not the answer i'm looking for).
holy crap those rogland painted ones look amazing! and extra holy crap, the alternate serpent warrior has two heads hanging off her belt! how did i never notice this?!
@coraline, yeah the ink wash was diluted with water. he didn't do a primer layer because he still wanted to see the blue plastic (there are four armies of the same pieces in different colours) and also a primer layer might make it harder to see some of the finer details.
@ caleb oh i see :d  yeah i even seen people that use a dipping technique with stain were they just dip them and sling off excess stain and let them dry. this is usually done after painting. i think i seen a post on this on dakkadakka website somewhere.
if you're looking for inspiration with painting the minis look up rogland painting service, he's posted pics of the blood rage minis on his facebook page all the way back to jan/feb this year. some quite amazing paint jobs we can only aspire to.
@caleb - the main trick to painting pvc minis is to thoroughly wash each mini with dish soap and a toothbrush, then rinse well. after they're 100% dry, whatever first coat you use should not be diluted with water. if you want to use a simple wash over the bare plastic make sure to use it straight out of the bottle on a clean and fully dry mini. if the mold release isn't washed off, not much of anything will stick to the plastic. even if the minis are clean and dry they will still repel water until they are coated with something, which is why it's so important to not thin the first coat of wash or paint with water.
@wolvehund, having watched that video i don't think it's the same. ink wash just accentuates the detail (i'm not a painter so i can't describe better). here's the photo of the one from the other project, before and after: https://www.flickr.com/photos/tevk/20793476648/sizes/c/ i think he had some issues with the paint not sticking properly to the pvc.
there is a pretty good video on youtube called, painting monochromatic zombies  by carmen cerra (quick and to the point)
@caleb are you talking about the monochromatic painting done like on the zombicide  figures? i want to try it on my zombies. they are taking forever to paint individually :s
not being a painter myself, i find myself wanting to paint these things simply because they look so amazing. however, i don't want to ruin them with a shonky paint job. someone on another project just posted a pic of a model they had ink-washed. it looked pretty cool, simply bringing out the detail.
i started painting miniatures with zombicide po. it is one of the best options.... you got 90 miniatures to paint. if you start with zombies then berserkers you will have 78 zombie painted before even touching characters... and we'll zombies who look bad are not that bad zombies. i wouldn't touch blood rage not knowing how to paint. just be prepared it is time consuming hobby - one that requires patience. if you do not wish to spend that much money and time and you are not into miniatures games i would consider getting them painted for money.
@christopher: can only recommend sorastro's painting on youtube, the techniques are easily transferable on other minis
@christopher - the zombicide painting tutorials on youtube are probably an ideal starting point, as they are made from the same material and are very basic yet effective way of getting your figures to be excellent tabletop standard. well worth a watch
@sebastian pacześ in regards to your expectations, i hope they are all met.
@christopher beller, just search youtube for "painting miniatures"...you'll find countless tutorials that will teach you basic and advanced techniques.  you can also refine your search by adding terms like "priming", "basecoat", "drybrushing", "washes", etc.
i want to learn how to paint...because of this game. i have never painted minis before, and don't even know where to start, but these? yeah, i may attempt to learn.
@david yknow, that's a great point, i hadn't even thought about that. i'd like to learn how to paint and decorate minis, which is why i was asking, to see how others approach them. eventually i'll buy some cheap minis to practice on and if i get to be good enough i'd like to paint these too. but the rigidity of the material wasn't something i'd thought of before.
very excited for this. also the lobotomy kickstarter is coming to an end with some awesome models available. it's been a real good year for board games.
@lobst5r : it all depends on how good the minis are.  the photos look awesome.  but how they look and are in the hand may be different.  for example, how stiff are they?  if the spears are droopy / bendy, that would be bad. if they are as good as they look in the photos, and the material is rigid, then i will spend more time painting them, including bases.  if they are droopy / bendy, or not as good in person as the photos are, then i probably won't paint them at all. i play a lot of different miniatures games and rpgs.  i hope to get good use out of the minis for other games, as well as blood rage.  how much time i spend on them totally depends on how good they are when i actually have them in hand.
estimated shipping is september!! we are not quite there yet, patience is a virtue, but sometimes very hard to come by.
urrrrrgh!!! impatience!! okay. just checking. how is everyone going to paint them? gonna do any terrain stuff, base mods, dress em up real sharp? got any pointers for newbies? man...just...dyin over here...
in z3 they posted info about ships when they were quite well underway - one was entering med sea, second entering persian gulf, and third was somewhere near thailand. i presume we have at least 2 weeks until next update, provided they needed at least four weeks to get things prepared for shipping.
hopefully the silence is because they're just too busy getting everything else ready to post out to us.
ha ha! oh that sebastian! but seriously is thing shipping yet because i'm dyin over here...
why limit your expectations. i would like to hear a doorbell, so i would have to go out of the bathtub... and you know it is eric standing by the doors, handing me blood rage box. i see the box is already opened, but my smiles returns as i see the manual signed for me and all minis pro painted. then he asks if he can enter and teach me to play it :). that is something to expect :)))) now beat me :))
yeah, will there be an update soon?
my blood is raging for an update!!! valhalla is calling!!!!!!!!1!!!!
i would be happy with just an update.
caleb - same here. i see all these people praising the game and it just makes me more glad i backed it.
@hennirocks, i kinda get where you're coming from, but it's mostly just hyping it up even more for me.
sigh... so everyone is playing this game and i as one of the many funders of this project am still waiting for this game to actually arrive. gotta say, the situation is kinda annoying. and i really don't usually post this kind of comment :-/
@captain matt, i changed it on ckmp, but after going thru support i learned that once the shipments are packed in china, you can no longer change your address.  up till then is fine.  whatever, but i don't recall that info in any updates, although admittedly i could have missed it.  would be good to know, now to deal with fedex...
@duncan, blood rage seems to be a sleeper hit, at least right now...it's getting a lot of buzz on various podcasts.
i was at gencon and i heard a lot more talk about rum & bones than any other cmon game; i didn't hear anyone mention blood rage at all.  in any case, it's difficult to feel positive momentum when 3 weeks after they supposedly started packaging there hasn't been a single update (the game was available for sale at gencon).
@matt - your counter example isn't at all helpful to people that have had bad experiences, making it somewhat pointless.    don't worry, i won't be getting a refund, as cmon does not bother to respond. my expectations are not high in any respect for customer service.  even if they did the bare minimum, i would not have a problem, but they fail to even respond to many customers. not responding to customers in order to avoid refunding money and not delivering on promises while taking money from a person is completely unethical.  there is nothing 'strong' or 'weak' about it.
@isaac i understand you are frustrated and i do not want to diminish the fact that your customer service experience has not been to your expectation.  however saying a company is unethical or attempting to not send you your reward is a rather strong point.  as a counter example to the bad experience you have had i have backed multiple of the cmon projects and encountered no issue with shipping.  i did have to get a replacement piece but that only took a week. . i find it unfortunate that you feel you need to go the refund route and think you will miss out on a very fun game.   hopefully you will get some response and can work through the support issue you are facing.
@sam - it should not be the customer's responsibility to bend over backwards to get their item shipped after paying a not insubstantial amount of money to a company.  that's great that you have thought ahead before, and so have i.  every other project i have backed did not have an issue or explained the fact that addresses could not be changed after the close of the pledge manager. however, the larger issue is the  of the lack of customer service from cmon.  i had asked for a refund of my money after a long wait to hear back about the shipping.  of course, there has never been any response from that query. i will never support this company and will do my best to deter any other person from doing so.
@isaac, i see that you were asking about the change of address when the pledge manager went live.  if i was concerned about not being able to change my address that long ago and i *knew* i was going to be moving, i would have made arrangements to have the stuff shipped to another address (work address, or relative's/friend's address).  i've had to do that before. i can understand your frustration at not getting an answer, and yes, cmon should respond to your questions.  taking your issue to the bbb is a bit of an overreaction in my opinion, but people have contacted them over less grievous matters. if you're not able to change your address with cmon, you might be able to have the shipping service reroute your package once you have the tracking number (the capability to do that depends on the carrier).
fyi, here is bgg thread started by a customer,: https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/1393703/my-experience-cmon-support-warning-potential-buyer
you can definitely contact the bbb about the issue. i have tried contacting and reasoning with cmon multiple times and they have terrible customer service, if they do not provide the service while taking someone's money, they're essentially stealing. until a situation escalates beyond a reasonable point, you can expect 0% accommodation on their end. unless customers start doing something about it, it will go unchecked. i hugely regret supporting this project. had i been told no modifications could be made to a shipping address after the close of the pledge manager (which they never mentioned) i never would have backed them with a dollar, let alone a full pledge. cmon is unethical and has poor business practices. a third party should most definitely be brought in to put a stop to their treatment of customers and lack of customer service. have you noticed everyone except cmon is willing to chime in here? they couldn't care less about nate's or anyone else issue, as they have already collected their money.
@isaac, that's not how the bbb works.
@nate not to be rude here, but where did you change your address?  was it in the ckpm or was it here on ks?  either way you should contact support@cmon.com. . @isaac who wasn't upfront about what? it seems a bit hasty to contact the bbb when shipping hasn't begun yet for this project.  lets give people a chance to do the right thing before we contact an outside entity.
@nate  i'm with you! i'd contact the bbb about them if you don't get your packages. they weren't upfront about this when the campaigns started and it's their responsibility to get it to you.
@nate, yes the mail forwarding is for royal mail, so i guess ups would not get that, as private, must be the same in the u.s. too
@linus, that's ok, simply because it is another of cmons games, like this one, and some people might be excited to see any news on the very soon to start ks :o)
so any news on when the european copies will be sent out...?
not to be rude arakin, but why would we post it in this game?
@arakin, i've been following the others too for a while now. looks like another great one by the lang and and smith duo.
i appreciate the thought arakin, fedex or ups or whoever can't find any order without the tracking number, which is absent.  i can anticipate up to 3 missing cmon orders at this rate.
https://m.facebook.com/photo.php… https://m.facebook.com/photo.php… https://m.facebook.com/photo.php… https://m.facebook.com/photo.php… https://m.facebook.com/photo.php… https://m.facebook.com/photo.php… https://m.facebook.com/photo.php… can't believe no one has posted these yet, just searched for the others on facebook... lots more pictures there!!!!
@nate, in the uk you can pay for automatically mail forwarding
so, i backed world of smog, rum and bones, blood rage, b-seiged, and zombicide black plague.  i moved and changed all the addresses two months ago.  now i find out once packing slips have already been generated you can't change your address?  can anything be done to correct this?  i changed everything before shipping had even begun!  outrageous.
@bob, i second that. cmon, update soon??? even just a "hey we're still here"? this is my first kickstarter with cmon, or at all for that matter, and i have to say i am very pleased with the way things are going. awesome campaign cmon!
my blood is raging to get this game already! so much glory being lost waiting for shipping! please post an update as to when we can expect to be claiming said glory!?!!!?!!?
i'm eager to have the boats names so we can follow the progress to our sweet homes!
thanks, sam. that makes it very worthwhile to back such games instead of waiting for retail.
@weresheep that is correct. the wild boar clan expansion is a ks exclusive; any remaining stock will only be sold at conventions and special events.
i took a look at what i'll be getting (hopefully soon) again ... is the wildboar clan really ks exclusive? so it will not be sold retail?
everytime i get email, i anxiously hope it is an update with shipping info. anyone else get that excitement?
i hope cmon is going to try get blood rage on for table top i think it would be ideal http://geekandsundry.com/tabletop-submission-guidelines-what-you-need-to-know/
i backed for the minis and-hopefully-a cool profit from ebay. yehaaa!
i originally backed for the miniatures, and from the pics and videos i have seen i do not think that i will be disappointed.  i think the game looks like a lot of fun, however i do not have a lot of board game playing friends, mostly rpgs.
i can't tell if this is an even split or one side is the minority. either way, i got this game to play the game itself (not there's anything wrong with getting it for the minis). the amazing miniatures are just a bonus, and probably not something i'll paint and use outside the game.
@coralline i agree the troll models are really good, i really like the way the nose is sculpted.  like many others i too only backed for the miniatures - my board games only come out when my weekly rpg gaming sessions have a few absentees, so i'll probably try the game at some point.
@cassie, i take it you've sent to support@cmon.com with your problem?
good luck with the address change, i was told it could not be changed after the close of the pledge manager.
i sent a message about incorrect address for shipping- i want to make sure it's correct. is there a more direct email i can use to contact someone?
if the blood rage stuff arrived before the 24th of september that would be awesome and i will love cmon for a long time real good. otherwise its chilled ill be patient i think.....
i only backed this game for the minis, but after hearing all of the positive reviews from gencon i'll have to give the gameplay a shot. i just wish cmon would stop making so many kickstarter exclusives for their games. i'd love to be able to buy a few more of the trolls and giants for rpgs. the ones here are light years better than anything else i've seen. a lot of miniature painters in the forums wanted to get them simply to paint and display. it's a shame that some of the coolest monster minis around will never hit retail.
@valk thank you i will read the pdf when people start getting their pledges hehe
@santiago i read both in the past and don't remember any differences. i can't wait to play it more in the weekend already, every game so far felt different from the last one. first game i was just invading and trying to win everything. 2nd game i was purposely losing abusing loki cards and valhalla quests. 3rd game i was trying to shut out other players from provinces using that "invade with an extra warrior" card, but that didn't go too well due to having a limited amount of horns.
@valk, could you please check if the printed rules are the same that where posted here and bgg.
damn @steven, i hope i don't have the same issue in melbourne!
now they are telling me my item is shipping from the usa to brisbane not from china, even though i pledged and paid for the item. def. need to cancel now, i can't justify paying more (aud$85) for shipping than the item was worth when i pledged, as i can prob grab the game here for aud$100 in the not so distant future.
it's getting painful hearing everyone talk about playing/owning this game after gencon.  can't wait! hurry up ships!
@belisarius omg i've backed the trudvang book! it looks amazing! i really hope that they print the english language game books soon, it'd be great if we could help raise the funds for riotminds to begin on that sooner than later.
picked this up at gencon, played it a couple of times now and just wanted to say this game was worth the wait. there's 1-2 cards that i'm not 100% certain on the rules but the rest of the game is quick to pick up, and each game is around 1.5 hours and theres not much downtime. anyone who wants a refund, i'll gladly get your copy. my friends would be most pleased.
i saw this art book and couldn't help thinking of bloodrage https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1256540796/the-fabulous-art-of-trudvang
still nothing on either this or my rum & bones pledges...when will they ship?!
any other gameplay recorded? like at gencon ?
sorry, but i cannot sell my pledge at the moment. i canceled my pledge in time and got several confirmations from cmon that it is canceled. they just don't refund my money. i'm not sure if i will receive the game because of the timely cancelation... they just don't answere to my requests anymore... just plain bad customer support...
i'll buy anyone's pledge of cmon doesn't come through quick enough
hi all. as anyone seen a list of monsters powers somewhere? thanks.
if anyone is thinking of dropping their pledge or are "raging" for a refund, my friend (gerald) would be happy to buy your pledge off you as well.  he is looking for a core pledge plus the 5th player expansion.  drop him an email to talk details. cozmicg@gmail.com.
@john mathews: thank you for your reply. but i was just the messenger for garrett mcgurty. i am sure he is scanning this comment section and is getting your answer already. :)
@alexander u, i'm going to wait on selling it till i at least get my hands on it. i'm not desperate for the funds right now and i know i can make more off of the exclusives later than just selling the pledge currently thanks though. besides there are a few of the models i really want, like the exclusive mountain giant, werewolf, and fenrir. all of which will get repurposed into my zombicide: black plague game. if anyone was interested in individual models they can reach me through dakkadakka.com just pm me (theophony). sorry i am real protective of my email address so won't post it here.
@markus kraft - garrett mcgurty is willing to buy your pledge! contact: garrettmcgurty@yahoo.com
@john mathews he will buy your pledge! contact: garrettmcgurty@yahoo.com
@lunarsounddesign, we're not close to getting tracking numbers yet.  the games are currently on container ships headed for various ports.  give the ships a few weeks to get to their locations, and then another couple of weeks to ship out to backers.  it will probably be another month minimum before you start seeing tracking information.
first i would like to thank  the people who answered. just a small update: cmon now seems to completly ignore my (still) open case. very very bad customer service. and the advertised refund policy just seems to be a marketing trick...
anyone get a tracking number yet
the rules are by e lang so should be okay but to be honest it could play like 'uno' for all i care it's the minis i'm after, if the game turns out to be good-bonus! :)
oh, sorry i should have read more careful
linus - you didn't even check the link...
hey, i know this is poor form and kind of breaking the train of thought, but i thought some of you might be interested in this comic anthology, sagas of the northmen. looks pretty good. vikings, man: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/504462887/sagas-of-the-northmen-1
from the linked update below. "gods of asgard rules when playing with the gods of asgard rules, only two gods will be part of each game session. randomly draw two god cards and place them next to the board so all players can see their powers. at the end of the initial setup, shuffle the ragnarök tokens that are not on the board or on the age track and draw two of them. look at the names of the two provinces listed on the tokens and place each god figure in one of them (these ragnarök tokens are then put aside). each god's ability is always in effect, changing the rules of the province they're in. the rest of the provinces are not affected. after a player attempts to pillage a province containing a god figure, whether he succeeds in the pillaging or not, he must then move the god to a different unpillaged province that does not contain a god figure. so the two gods can never occupy the same province, and they never go to a pillaged or destroyed province. at the beginning of the 2nd and 3rd ages, the two gods are again placed in random provinces, determined by drawing 2 unused ragnarök tokens. the combination of the two gods used in each game creates a unique texture to that session. they affect draft choices and influence the flow of the battles. will your try to benefit from a god's power again and again by moving him where you want and always pillaging his province? or will you do your best to neutralize him by pillaging around his province? perhaps you'll want to attempt a hopeless pillage on his province just to move him onto another province where he will hinder another player's plans. they add a whole new layer to the game, without adding hardly any complexity to the rules." should answer your queations
but it was more about the rules of the gods, then about them. the rules in how you use them. is it a monster upgrade? can you move them like other units?
oh, thanks a lot flavo!
@linus, same here.  @flavio, thanks for sharing. i forgot they put the rules right there in the update.
linus - you can find them here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/coolminiornot/blood-rage/posts/1156013
yes corey i do. but i would like to read rules about the gods. i can't find that any where.
anybody else continuously and constantly looking over the rule book in anticipation for this game?
also. does anyone in the uk have a spare copy of rum and bones in order, i missed out, would love to get a copy, with bonus boxes too, especially the exclusive ones!
if anyone in the uk was looking for a refund, i am happy to pay you for your pledge of you went for the game plus expansion, as i have a friend who is interested (at the cost you got it for, if shipping can be switched from you to me). my e-mail address is on my profile).
cant wait to get my own copy of this, played at gen con and it was great looking forward to getting this game next month:-)
to the people requesting a refund and not getting it, but still looking for a way to recuperate their money. a fellow-member of a zombicide group i'm in, but who can't comment here, since he didn't pledge, is very interested in taking over the pledge from you. please get in touch with garrett mcgurty via facebook https://www.facebook.com/garrettmcgurty… or via cell 909-839-3979. thanks.
adam - you will get the ks exclusives.
@adam, if you added the 5th player expansion using the pledge manager and added the cost, it will be sent. if you log back into the coolmini pledge manager, you can download a pdf that shows what was packed with your order.
also, i don't mind still getting this, i had changed my mind about what i was going to do with the figures and now i'll just try and sell it off and sell the exclusives. there's a few models i want for zombicide or other games like kow.
@markus, i had requested a refund a few weeks ago, was initially told okay, but then was sent a letter saying it was too late now due to the packing slips being printed already. you probably want to check with them again and have your old correspondences at hand.
hello, i just want to ask... will i received kickstarter exlusive of the 5th player expansion if i added this expansion additional in a pledge manager when campaing was ended? thanks! adam
bit off topic here but a friend of mine is running a kickstarter at the moment to fund a professionally made blackadder style 15 minute film about the escape of king charles ii after the battle of worcester.  if you have time please have a look and maybe chuck a few quid at it if you like the look of it or just share it on facebook. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1320303916/the-escape-of-the-king https://www.facebook.com/escapeoftheking…
regarding customer service: i canceled my pledge on 22.06.15. refund should take 1-2 weeks according to the confirmation i received from cmon. 6 weeks later i'm still waiting for my refund... did anyone cancel his pledge and receive his refund? sorry for rage (no pun intended) but i'm really getting angry...
@antoine  they told us in many updates to double check everyting... the pm is closed now i think you will have to wait retail if you didn't confirm the 5th expansion in there...
hi, i think i forgot to confirm 5th player extention . is there à way to be sur and un case order it ?
@steven - wow that shipping price to brisbane is pretty bad. i'm in canberra, for game + 5th player expansion i paid shipping $18.33usd $23.91 aud
hah, try nz!
i'm in brisbane, so not exactly super remote.
bloodrage au shipping was set a $25 usd (which was about $30aud at the time). but when it arrives that price is adjusted by how far you are from the hub. i got it delivered to an australia post parcel collect center in melbourne) and it came out at about $8 less. admittedly, they said they cannot refund that $8 because they can only refund a full pledge so i'm stuck with $8 in the pledge manager. in future, you could try https://www.facebook.com/groups/melbks/
@steven, i'm down in melbourne, and i think shipping was around $30 for me. that includes the 5th player expansion. it's well and truly over now, but an awesome game project elite has a ton of miniatures and free shipping worldwide.
so i've backed quite a few of your kickstarters so far.  the first one being zombicide season 3.  i have yet to actually receive all of my purchased add-ons.  despite me contacting your support email numerous times, this issue has yet to be resolved.  in fact, i can't even get a response any more.  do i need to refute / stop payment on this kickstarter project until this gets resolved?
no bloodrage is $59 for me. zombicide was $25 which i thought was reasonable. where are you in oz? how come yours is only $18?
the unpacking looks amazing and the feedback on the game sounds great. @steven, is $59 what it cost to post black plague? i hope not. bloodrage was only $17.31 to australia and mare nostrum is $25 for two big boxes.
it's shame shipping to australia has more than doubled from zombicide. $59 shipping counts me out of any future kickstarters unfortunately (as the pledge level was $75). shipping is one of the main reason most projects on here are hard to back for aussies (pay more for the shipping than the game). while they are not quite there , coolmini has taken a big step in that direction.
the positive reviews are very encouraging!
awesome update! can't wait to get all the stuff.
@cmon any chance of getting an update for world of smog and rum &bones?
@scott s, ks exclusive book i'm afraid, and i too didn't take it *kicks himself*! :(
will the art book be available at retail later or was it a  ks exclusive?
@lance, yep heavy hint right there!! :)
wait what?  did i hear next esxpansion already?
wow-cmon, what a brilliant update and video, those minis are so, so good! i can't wait :)
just waiting for an update. hopefully there are no delays.
+1 @ lance. first gameplay was ... ok but overplayed! a new one would be awesome!!!
@captain matt... thx
so any chance to have a complete gameplay video from gen con that wasn't stolen?
@bradley s  the cards are the same size as zombicide cards so the us mini.  as for the count the 5 th player is 24 cards plus the 3 ks exclusive alt art.  base plus our exclusives is 107.  now add in the shamans of 6 cards (i might be wrong here).  all total 140.
what is the final card count/size for base plus 5 player?  i think i want to get clear sleeves for this.
they are still on for september for shipping out to us right?
how do we change our address for shipping?
not to mention how much more stuff we're getting than anyone at retail...
i was a little surprised to see that it was for sale before we got ours, but in the big picture i really don't care.  i bought a ton of games that will keep me busy until september.  i am very happy to hear positive reviews of the game!  thanks!
@atul, i am expecting the game to have a disclaimer stating it may not contain as much rage as this thread ;).
i hope the game is as action-packed as this comment thread! :)
@sam agreed.  and to be honest there was nothing unwritten about it, cmon were quite upfront about the possibility of early sales.  i truly do not understand all the whining and complaining.  we know the game is in production/shipping and we are all i hope on track to receive what we pledged for.  i for one am happy.  i saw something i liked, i paid for it.  i will soon receive it.  yes my money backed this and helped to launch it.  that entitles me to nothing more than what i paid for. if you don't like it, for the love of all the gods please shut the fuck up. rant over bye all.
@david j. blood, also, just because *you* expect something doesn't make it an "unwritten rule".
@david j. blood, in the future, just be sure to read the full text of any kickstarter project before backing so you won't miss anything and save yourself a lot of embarrassment and frustration.
for something completely different: cmon - when will/did the ks game leave china?
@ken:  i got deadzone way before retail got it.  same with all the mantic releases.  there may have  been the odd wave 2 or wave 3 item that retail got before i did, but never the boxed game.  as far as cons go - they were demoed, but not for sale. as far a kickstarter "rules" - i know that.  they have very few actual rules.  but there's a certain way *i* expect kickstarter projects to be run, and ks backers getting their stuff first - or, at the very least, the stuff shipped, before anyone else has the opportunity to get it, is one "unwritten" rule i feel very strongly about. apparently, cmon does not run their kickstarter projects that way, and that's why this will be the first and only cmon ks i back.
@ david j. blood.-sorry but deadzone and mars attacks were both at retail and cons before most backers got theirs. (i was a backer of both), also there is nothing in the kickstarter rules that says backers have to get theirs first so if you expect that you are setting yourself up for trouble with large game projects.
welk for me in germany for example i could have bought arcadia quest at the fair spiel in essen and my kickstarter came one month later. i was not happy but for cmon (or as in essen for there german distributor) the can't miss an opportunity like a big fair like gencon or spiel. we will get ou game soon enough and as it seems in time! so be happy and look forward for the great game of bloodrage and all the free stuff you get!
@agreave: as far as i know, every project i've backed except this one went out to ks backers before anyone else.  that's the norm for ks, as far as i can tell.  i've never backed a cmon project before, as i tend to play miniature wargames and rpgs, not so much boardgames.
@mike h, this is not due (even to the american audience) until september so a month to wait at least there! rum&bones seems to be shipping in dribs and drabs with no obvious pattern so who knows on that one. :)
anyone else not hear anything yet? to hear c'mon at gencon, all their kickstarters were in the mail......but so far i have nothing on this or rum and bones?! what gives?!
anyone else not hear anything yet? to hear c'mon at gencon, all their kickstarters were in the mail......but so far i have nothing on this or rum and bones?! what gives?!
@david j blood, i understand what you mean but unfortunately cmon's business model is not like that! i'm in the euro zone so i'm more used to getting things after everyone else! could i be nosey and ask if all the projects you backed (quite a few there) got it to you before any promo or con etc? :) ps i tend respect the opinions of people who have backed more projects than myself.
talking to davi j on the other post.
talking to davi j on the other post.
david, cmon will miss you so much. th othes and arcadia quest inferno will probably fail because you will not be there...
@david j. blood   you are correct; that is your opinion.  but that's not how kickstarter is, and no one has ever said that's how it is.  sure, a lot of kickstarter projects do that, but not all of them, and it's not a requirement.  and if you backed a project that states they may sell the product before backers get it, and you disagree and back the project anyway, you have no one to blame but yourself.
@jason v: i did not see that paragraph when i pledged, but in the future, i will be opting for the "please do not back this project" option for all cmon kickstarters. kickstarter backers get it first.  no exceptions.  none.  that's the way kickstarter should be, in my opinion, and i will not back projects that do not share that opinion.
i'm really looking forward to this one. i've been listening to manowar's gods of war album and wizard's thor for months in anticipation.
i am fine with them selling and showing of a few copies at gencon. they are still on track to deliver in the right quality at the right time so no problem for me.
am i happy to see the game we backed generating so much of a buzz and looking like it will be everthing we hoped.  all the ks exclusives make up for any wait in my book, nevermind the value.  they could sell 500 copies for all i care, i just hope to have friends and family as eager to play it as me.
i'm cool with everything selling at gencon for awareness of the product, even if it is before we get it, gencon is kinda one of those things that takes top priority, that is if you expect your game to continue production and sales for years to come.
from the campaign page : "please note that while we do our best to get you your rewards in a timely manner, you may not necessarily receive your rewards before the product makes it into distribution in your own country or before it's made available in conventions and special promotion opportunities. we hope that the special price and exclusive items you will get during the kickstarter will make up for any such possible lag. however, if this is something that is not acceptable to you, please do not back this project, and instead wait for the retail release. thank you for your understanding." @justin that is great to hear! my excitement level is that much higher now! :d
@justin h+@yardswimmer, thanks guys, glad it plays well :)
it was $80 at gencon, after playing a demo of it with my friend he immediately bought it saturday morning.  this game was just amazing to play, combat was easy and fun.  i got to recruit the sea serpent which was freaking awesome see that thing in the water next to the land i was currently in helping me fight.  my friend got the giant i believe and when he first invades a land it wipes out all the warriors.  so much fun, can't wait till i get my copy in sept.  game was freaking awesome !!!!
@agreave i saw the price on thursday but don't remember it now but i'm pretty sure it was going for $85 at gencon.
not sure why anyone is upset that they sold a few copies at gencon. they sent an email stating they did so at their own expense. plus, it's gencon. it was a perfect place for a pre release. all in all, cmon do good kickstarters.the exclusive items always make the price of backing worthwhile.
anyone know the price it went for at gencon?
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@deano c. ware, can you explain how selling the retail version of blood rage at gencon is "making a profit at our expense"?   that logic makes no sense to me.  you paid money to get a game and some exclusive stretch goals, and it looks like everything will be delivered on time. cmon stated that they may sell the retail version of the game before backers receive their copies.  there was no deception; no surprises.
@deano  as @jason has already eloquently said not backing future cmon projects is your right, but calling it crap is a bit disingenuous if you were only here because of the possibility of conan crossovers.  it also shows that you did not read the full ks page which as a project creator i find pretty ironic.  as the main page pretty much says that the games may be available at cons before backer fulfillment.  we are talking about 100 out of probably 20k games produced.  you and i both will get our plastic toys as fast as they can get them too us.  exposure for the game is super important and that is why cmon went the extra expense to get those copies to gencon.
you are totally within your rights to not back future projects and wait for retail, i'm still satisfied getting the future content included day 1. people that buy it to resell it suck for sure, but its not new. i would be curious the percentage of larger projects like zombicide as the exclusives on the secondary market reach ridiculous prices. i would be more irritated if i was at my flgs or online stores and seen active stock while i was waiting, it has happened before.
crap plain and simple.
i'm here at gencon and yes it does suck seeing people buying and selling it before i have my copy.  i only came on board because of the conan scenario crossover and this was my first cmon kickstarter and it will be my last with them.  i have no problem demoing it but selling it and let others make a profit at our expense that's crisp plain and simple.
lol its a 100 copies for sale at the largest gaming even in na, it's great publicity and better exposure for the game. as a backer you wanted it made, and wanted it be successful right (while getting some perks for doing so)? unless you seen this as a pre-order, in which case maybe its best you just avoid ks projects altogether and wait for retail releases. i say thats awesome, and the copies out in the wild are getting great reviews and that simply is good for business and gamers alike.
yep, roll on november i say.
it's not so long time left for delivery, 1-2 month. hurray!
my $0.02 is that cmon is fine selling 100 copies at gencon (there are 100x that many backers) but the person flipping the copy they got there on ebay is an opportunistic scum.  the copies getting sold/demoed at gencon will be enjoyed by 100s or 1000s of people this weekend... nothing wrong with that and a lot of those folks are gonna be backers or friends of backers.  :-)
cmon is not being disrespctful to us backers. ken hiseler is right. please, do not back anything else from them. wait and get your retail copy.
@jagera - they had 100 copies there and they were gone as fast as they could take the money. also, they said they could sell it, and if you didn't like that to please not back the game! so please get over yourself!
is there any chance we will be able to pick up the 5th player expansion separately?
did they say they could sell it, sure. does that mean that we have to be happy about it? heck no! cmon respect your backers! give them the first copies you produce! just because you have my money already doesn't mean that i don't matter anymore!
not going to jump on the no-fair-gencon bandwagon.... just tell me when will i get mine? seeing everyone running around with the product i helped make possible is driving me crazy, and i don't have enough napkins to keep up with the drool.....  and because i'm not able to be at gencon, please feel free to have eric lang sign my box ;)
stephen it's fair because the main page of the campaign says they can sell the game before delivery to backers. this was not a pre order system. it was a system for cmon to use our money to produce a fantastic game. also gen con attendees don't get any stretch goals just the base game.
stephen, they are doing exactly what they said they would do. and i could not care any less.
so the backers who made the game possible have to wait till at least september, but people who attend gencon get to buy the game now ?  how is that exactly fair and equatable?
wow... just...bwahahaha!
you would have to be really stupid to get a retail version for that price.
http://pages.ebay.com/link/…  well that didn't take long
@steve, if the ones at cmon expo were the same as what is included in the box, i'd say slightly more rubbery than zombicide, but still fairly stiff. there was a video with rodney smith and eric lang that shows them dropping the figs. nothing breaks, so it has to be somewhat rubbery elastic to do that.
thanks john.   i suspect you are right.
@steve, i've got both of those (zombicide and some dust) and can't really tell much of a difference. but as it is from cmon i would expect it to be more like zombicide as even the bases are the same size, so i guess will be coming off the same assembly line.
just curious... any out there in the know as to the kind of plastic the figures will be made of?  the same slightly rubbery  plastic like zombicide, or the stiffer kind of plastic used in dust tactics?
my understanding is international deliveries usually tale 4 to 6 weeks just on the boat.  you also have time to and from docks and time from the fulfillment house to final delivery, plus a few extra days for actual loading and unloading.  i'd guess end of september.
@kevin, they printed the packing slips last week, so 4-6 weeks from then should be end of august early september. the fact that they have some completed and shipping them to gencon suggests they are probably going to be ahead of the curve, unless dock strikes or something along those lines.
still on track to ship in september?
@john, lots of people still want to get hold of the game so you are in a great position to he getting the kickstarter exclusives, so put it on forums or ebay, price plus covering postage to them and you will have lots of happy takers. if you are on zombicide many people will be interested in that thread
yeah it's like the difference of on a boat, and on a plane.
anyone know of what battlefoam set would be good for this game. i'd love to have some cases ready for when the game arrives.
the gencon ones were airlifted to them directly, which is why they are in the states so soon.
@jason, thanks. i knew they had some done for gencon, didn't know if they were packing the rest already or not. but that means the wife will be back teaching and might be able to sneak this in off the porch before she gets home. lives saved by kickstarters not shipping early.
@john, according to the update, the packing slips were being sent to china in order to be there whenever the product is complete and ready to be packed up.  once the product is packed, sent to the docks, and loaded on the boat, it will then be anther 4 to 6 weeks on the water, then however long it takes to be offloaded, shipped from the docks to the distribution center, then from there to backers' homes.... figure another 2 months or so.
i had been checking with cmon about a possible refund due to other issues when i got a response today saying "too late" seems that packing slips have been printed. anyone know from their previous kickstarted about how long between packing slips and actual arrival of goods? i'm in the u.s. if there's any major difference between us and row shipping.
had a senior moment there flavio
david, serpent clan is in the core box. why would it be available as an extra?
is there any chance that the serpent clan will be available for purchase in the future?
@dan, the update says that backer shipments are supposed to start leaving china "in the next few weeks" so theoretically the main production run is finished or about to be.  they are getting this limited supply earlier because they are airlifting it but everything is pretty much finished apparently.
i am happy a limited run would highlight any mistakes / complications before our full run.  i am happy for all the extra content and hope this means the current timeline will be a slamdunk
@eddie +1
good grief people, get over yourselves. if you are a backer, there is a good chance you wouldn't be first anyway. it will probably take 2 months to ship everything out to backers when they start. there will be backers who get theirs right away and some who will get theirs 2 months later then other backers.  gen con goers are not getting the exclusives, so what is the big deal.  i hate to think the complainers on here are all the $1 backers or late pledgers who couldn't support the game when the campaign was going on. i have more of a problem with those people getting kickstarter exclusives, then gen con goers getting the base game.
@cmon i'm incredibly pleased that this game is still looking to be close to an on-time release date. it is such a pleasant surprise. has anyone who has playtested the game played with 3 players? i'm holding out hope that the game will run 3 well... also: on visiting i expected there might be controversy on the gencon thing, but do remember it being clear that such things were a possibility. cmon hamstringing themselves because of a kickstarter makes no sense. they're investing in gencon like any other publisher would. not bringing inventory is ridiculous. we funded them so they could bring inventory, sell their game, and be a successful company with a successful game.
@cmon as long as there no fenrir's floating around i will be happy ;)
thanks captain :-)
hey guys, we want to give blood rage the best opportunity to be successful. that is important. gen con indy gives it the opportunity to be seen and played by hundreds of players. somebody asked if there will be opportunities to have stuff signed by the creators. that answer is yes, but i do not currently have that schedule because it is still being figured out. :)
@skazz i do not have the exact size, but they are the same mini sized cards as zombicide.  as for count the core retail box has 99 cards + about 40 more for the 5 player and ks exclusives.
just hope that nobody walks away from gencon with a fenrir miniature ;-) by the way what was the exact card size and the number of cards?
@captain, 100 is a tiny amount and barely counts as a first through the door rush to get them from people entering a con! i wish the uk games expo had a cmon stand this year, the companies who have games on show when i go to cons always have me reaching for my wallet as i see the games in action, close-up, and can learn the rules as i play! fingers crossed for next year! does anyone from the uk have any extra copies of rum&bones with sg in the uk ordered, i would love to get a copy!
@all who are angry  a perspective check here.  this is for 100 retail copies.  the print run for us here based on backer count was probably 15000 (complete estimation no inside knowledge).  which puts the 100 copies at .6% of the total games here.  that isn't even a full percent.  this game is very fun, got to play it at cmon expo, we want this exposure at gencon.
@cmon good luck at the convention - hope you generate some more buz for a great game.
@cmon i look forward to seeing both blood rage and rum n bones at gen con. i hope to get a chance to demo both games at the show. keep up the awesome work guys.
@cmon, any chance of resin minis coming along at some point (like on rum&bones) as that would be of interest?
@jeff, nice post, @xaerael, i personally think games that have been developed incredibly well, should be plugged at conventions at every possible opportunity. 100 is a tiny number! i am gutted i did not discover kickstarted r until s3 of zombicide and now very happy i can be part of backing some truly awesome projects, even helping some humble games come to life at all, and benefiting from the plethora of kickstarter exclusives that companies like cmon factor into their model and we all get to enjoy. my comment was a balanced one based on all i read. personally if they give out promos of exclusives after we get it, who cares, that's 'promoting', but it's hard to please everyone, and keep some faithful fans and enthusiasts loyal, so a hard balance for the creators to ever get right, and i think they have done well. if they sell 1000 core games with no exclusives at this point, i would have no worries at all. z-s3 is already delivered so they could sell stocks/give away promos to their hearts content of that one.
i'm not impressed. by the people complaining, that is. i'm fine with the game being made available to as many people as possible, as fast as possible. the way i'm seeing it, the version they'll be getting is the demo. we'll be getting the full blooded, axe wielding, mead quaffing version.
bunch of babies crying...
nicely said jeff.
i am a bit less miffed since cmon said they are only selling the core..... and even tho i did read the entire page sometimes it is easy to forget things. like the statement about them selling at conventions. and everyone has a right to an opinion.  after all we pledged our hard earned moneys to back this kickstarter, so no ones opinion is better than anyone else. some of us dont have a lot of disposable income and can only to afford to back a couple of kickstarters a year. so of course we will get upset when things dont go as we think they should, but in the end, at least cmon is communicative about the intentions and plans. and as long as backers are the ones that get the specials for backing i guess i am ok with then selling cores at conventions..
@ creator hey, you made it quite clear on the campaign page this was likely, and to be honest i would have been shocked if you had not taken the opportunity to advertise the game if units were available.  if anything the fact that base games are ready (only 100, but it is a start) reassures me that production is underway and we will see the game hopefully close to the projected delivery date. so to all the whiners out there, i really don't see your issue except that you are so greedy and needy you want this before anyone else.  you were warned this might happen, it was hard to miss (unless you cannot read). to the creators, thanks guys, and hope gencon goes well and looking forward to seeing bloodrage when it arrives/
cmon thank you for your decision to have a limited number of base game only, with a promise of no kickstarter only material, before backers receive their own copies. after reading many messages it is the right balance to reach. there are lots of loyal backers who are already backing bloodrage, zbp, and b-sieged, many at high backer/pledge levels, and with the others coming, it is nice to see recognition of that. have fun building up a further buzz for br and future releases at gencon, i'm sure zombicide piii will be a huge hit there!!!. any chance you might do a demo at 9 worlds convention in london 6-8th august, or the uk games expo in birmingham next year?
cmon thank you for your decision to have a limited number of base game only, with a promise of no kickstarter only material, before backers receive their own copies. after reading many messages it is the right balance to reach. there are lots of loyal backers who are already backing bloodrage, zbp, and b-sieged, many at high backer/pledge levels, and with the others coming, it is nice to see recognition of that. have fun building up a further buzz for br and future releases at gencon, i'm sure zombicide piii will be a huge hit there!!!. any chance you might do a demo at 9 worlds convention in london 6-8th august, or the uk games expo in birmingham next year?
hey guy, it is very important to us to give blood rage every opportunity to get as much exposure as possible. i would like to remind you that we will only have 100 units available at the show. we are only going to be selling the core game. they will be retail versions only, and *not* contain any stretch goals. add-ons will also *not* be available for sale
ben frost +1
this whole mess is predictable, and unsurprising, though still somewhat disappointing.  i read the disclaimer when i pledged and knew the gen con pre-release was a likely outcome, but decided based on the quality of most of their game and minis to still go for it. it is understandable that people will be upset that the game they have paid their money to enable to be made will be supplied to other people first, people who didn't bother to or couldn't fund at the critical time when the development funds were required. would a company with more respect for their backers treat them less like a cash cow? yes, but cmon are at least quite open about telling you that you are a cash cow, now that they are successful enough to get away with doing that.  on the plus side they still make good games, so i weigh up the pros and cons and decide it's still worth supporting.  though they'll probably find precious little good will if they get into difficulties or produce a few stinkers. this is a kickstarter project, and like all kickstarter projects, there are no guarantees. you could have been left with nothing but a hole in your wallet.  everyone should be reading the terms and conditions and making an informed decision.
ok, so some backers are unhappy about the gencon thing, but i'm more excited that we may actually get the game on time (or at least, not much later than promised)! not too bothered that a handful of people will have the game before me. any production updates cmon? some news/pics of that would be appreciated.
@jorune it's because no one can take personal responsibility for something they screwed up themselves.
@mark +1 that's hilarious!! well done!
i  just don't understand how anyone's surprised at this. big paragraph, bottom of page. anyone complaining about cmon doing this is actually complaining at their own ineptitude at not reading the ks page in full.
you're totally right! i think i will just ignore the "you may not necessarily receive your rewards before it's made available in conventions and special promotion opportunities" line just like you. now i am also pissed off at cmon for doing something they clearly did not say during the campaign! how can they do this to us! outrage i say! i promise not to pledge to another cmon campaign because they are providing basic games with no exclusives at gen con. as a matter of fact can i get my money back and some extra for emotional damage? if i can't have it first then i sure as hell think i deserve at least that! cmon why didn't you just say during the campaign you would make this available at conventions? just be straight with us almighty backers without whom you would not have been able to produce this game!
yeah but i don't appreciate that the game to be out for public first, then the backers when its all in the same country. i would understand if the game come out first in the states then say brazil cause it's all depending of where the producer located and so on.
ninja'd
these are all understandable points but it says, right on the front page of the kickstarter: . "please note that while we do our best to get you your rewards in a timely manner, you may not necessarily receive your rewards before the product makes it into distribution in your own country or before it's made available in conventions and special promotion opportunities. " . cmon did give us fair warning about this right from the start.
please stop complaining! did you people read the campaign page before you backed? from the shipping information section: "please note that while we do our best to get you your rewards in a timely manner, you may not necessarily receive your rewards before the product makes it into distribution in your own country or before it's made available in conventions and special promotion opportunities. we hope that the special price and exclusive items you will get during the kickstarter will make up for any such possible lag. however, if this is something that is not acceptable to you, please do not back this project, and instead wait for the retail release. thank you for your understanding."
after the zombicide season 3 shipping mess this is just plain insulting to me.  without us this project wouldn't be available to gencon attendees.
i'm on the same page jeff, doesn't make sense of selling copy's before completing the orders of people who helped you (cmon) reaching those goals and making this project reality. backers should always have a little advantage. i'm to far away to go to gencon so why be penalized for that.
i am also upset over the limited sales at gencon. we paid to back the kickstarter on the premise that backers get their copies first. and tho some of you think that isnt a reason to back a project, it is us backing the project that makes it happen, i would be fine if they were just demo showing the game, but to sell limited copies before backers who frankly paid for the game, is sneaky and underhanded. why should someone going to gencon get it first??? i cant afford gencon, and weather it is a retail version or not doesnt matter. it is bad customer service to tell your backers well you just have to wait, and like another pointed out, where did these come from since they probably didnt have two manufacturers........ ok rant over........ and to be clear i still am very excited about the game and cant wait to have it perhaps that is part of my frustration over this news. oh and this is my first official kickstarter i have ever backed....
@richard h, good point!
... i'm not super pumped that it's going to be sold (limited quality 100) at gen con, but i fully understand it. what bothers me is the obvious lie they say when telling us. "this extremely limited quantity was not part of the kickstarter orders, and was sourced separately from the kickstarter production." "sourced" to me is that you get a different manufacturer to make the goods... so you're telling us that cmon contracted another factory to open molds for all the minis, and printed all the game materials at another to come up with these 100 copies? or are they using sourced incorrectly, saying that they had the manufacturer produce these 100 games first outside of our "kickstarter order". either way it's upsetting.
totally agree, belisarius.
what's wrong with a demo? show the game, show the minis, why not, wet appetites but why the 'small unit' sales?? 100 copies, by air, hmmm would love to actually count that one out! and exclusives won't be 'sold', nothing says that they can't be given away etc, in fact it states that-i just expected that after release, and no word of that i notice!  sorry but my verdict is 'stinks-on-ice' and i will never get involved with a cmon project again, despite my interest in 'the others'.
ok, didn't realise it was only 100 copies. still a bit miffed but that makes it more palatable.  i guess as a previous person said, if they don't sell any of the exclusives it will not get folk too angry.  however, please don't judge me on my reasons for spending my own money.  if i would prefer that people don't get to own a game that i have helped be made, then that is my prerogative.  you may not agree and you may think that cmon are doing everything just right but don't dismiss my thoughts on the matter.  for the record, j back a project for multiple reasons and don't expect to get it first. i just think that it would show respect if we did.
it was stated very clearly upfront that some sets will go to conventions. that said, cmon advised that these will be retail versions, so your exclusive things are ‘still exclusive’. in terms of delivery, this will cause no delay in when we receive our copies. 100 people will have a 'retail version' before 10,000 get the ks version, and it is ‘only’ because there is a convention where the game is to be promoted. we make the game possible by backing it, and in return get the game, exclusive items and a cheaper price. that a handful of backers place so much value on having more than other people and having it before other people, tells me some are backing projects for the wrong reasons.
while i take on board the point about kickstarter not guaranteeing first copies of the game and can certainly see why cmon would take this decision, i just don't think it's right morally or customer service wise.  backers are people who put faith in a project and put money up front for a game they have yet to play.  if shown that kind of faith (and yes it's not a gamble as cmon will produce the goods), i would seek to reward that loyalty and good will by returning it likewise. allowing others to benefit from the backers faith before the backers is simply not a very nice thing to do and is a bitter pill for some to swallow.  i hope we don't see copies available in retail outlets before our copies are with us but i wouldn't be surprised.  i'm not declaring that i'll give cmon a miss in future because i love what they produce but i'm very disappointed.
gencon is a critically important event for game developers. i don't have a problem with cmon selling 100 core only games there. it's unfortunate that the con came before fulfillment but i highly doubt that cmon will make a cent off of these sales after flying them over to the us. they might loose money selling these 100 core games. it's all about having some games played in the gaming area and generating some buzz at the biggest gaming con in the world. we can't justly fault them. now, if i find out they were giving out or selling kickstarter exclusives at gen con i will be done with cmon. if they want to give out a small number of ks exclusives after we get our games and exclusive content it will be more forgivable. they didn't let us order extra giants or trolls during the ks. i will be pissed if they sell decide to them to con attendees.
complete and utter bs!  first run copies should be going to backers!  we take the risk and as such deserve preferential receipt of product!  we take the chance on the developer and the developer uses our investment to benefit other customers first.  nice.
@ole i s, read the print, limited numbers of the 'exclusives' will be available at conventions and for competitions etc! do the math dude we've been had, pure and simple!
arse!
also, a limited release at the biggest gaming convention in the world will generate interest in the game, which in turn will keep the game alive for years to come so that we can have expansions and other support for it.
(and i repeat myself...) kickstarter is not about getting the product before everyone else. we were never promised that. pretty much, we help promote the game by ordering it before it is done, and we get some free/cheap stash in return. it is not a pre-order to get it first kind of system. if you thought so, you were mistaken.
money grabbing mothers, last time o bother with their projects.
funny how they got "limited numbers" for gencon for both this and rum and bones but we will be luck to see either before end of next month interesting huh
been looking over the last few updates with the final proofs, and just looking at what is coming soon with this game. just can't hardly wait for this one! will there be a tracking number when shipped? i may need to take a half day off when it would be delivered...
what sleeves are you gonna use?
does anyone have a second copy ordered for sale? there is a guy called fab looking to buy a copy and it gets mentioned regularly on the zombicide blood rage thread on ks, so if you do, and are on that, say hi on that thread :o)
can we expect international september fulfillment? in z3 it took about 2 months from the day we got info about container ships to the rings of our doors...
good news!
sweet!
cmon just dropped me a message saying everything is good to go.  backers helping backers.  ;)  thanks guys.
hey guys, we are still on track for fulfillment in september. so far, so good.
@caleb & fatpob - thank you both.  that bit of information was useful and helpful.  previously i had sent messages to cmon to propose other forms of payment.  one proposal included getting a friend to use his paypal account, but i didn't know if there'll be any pitfalls doing that however.  your suggestion was much better; albeit, i didn't like how paypal required so much unnecessary information.  at least i got pass the shipping hurdle on this project with help from you two.  appreciate that, guys.  *fistbumps*
@ carl as caleb says you don't need a paypal account to pay via paypal, only the recipient of the funds needs the account.  you can choose to pay via cc rather than set-up an account so it shouldn't be a problem. if your issue is that the recipient is using paypal, well thats quite different.
@carl, i don't use paypal either. but i'm fairly sure if you follow the steps through you can just use normal credit card details. that's what happened with me.
i think it will always be hard to cover the payment facilities people prefer. on the conan comments the most common complaint is that the pledge manager will not support paypal. only using stripe or amazon will always limit your options, so i would reconsider and try paypal. good luck :-)
@max - i appreciate your response and since you took the time on it i want to address a couple of things you have said.  first before i get into it, i respect your perspective and opinions, but please consider whatever i might type up next; thanks-in-advance on that.  you asked, "what do you care?" [truncated].  i care because i do not want to use paypal.  true, they function similarly but the way paypal works as a pseudo-bank is something i happen to disagree with.  and i should not be forced to get it if i do not want it.  no where in the campaign outside of refunds does it mention its necessary use.  cmon's own site uses methods outside of paypal.  frankly, it was not made clear that ultimately paypal was required.  again, i would have opted out if i knew this going into the project.  but let's flip what you were saying in another analogy.  say you want to buy a gallon of milk at your local store.  when you get to the cashier to pay, the cashier says that the store cannot accept your cash and that you have to use the store's (credit) card.  this is in despite of any ready cash or cards or what-have-you on hand and there's nothing in or around the store that indicated the store's requirement to use their charge-free card.  some folks are okay with it (and will apply for the store's card if they don't already have one) and use it.  others are not (and will move on).  i just happen to fall into the latter category.  hence, it is not all equivalent to the consumer.  this is just a counter to what you have said and you are free to disagree with it, but i hope it does the job of clarifying my view to you.  this is just my little take the situation and we can leave it at that.  again, thanks for taking the time in responding though.  stay safe out there and have a wonderful day, max! :]
maybe mr lang should not discuss things outside his remit, and leave shipping/distribution etc to cmon!
simon, why the question marks? those are not questions.
@carl - refusing to sign up for a merchant's online payment system of choice is your decision, but i don't understand the rationale. i certainly don't see why a merchant should be expected to set up multiple services when they have one that functions for anyone who will use it. paypal doesn't charge fees to send money, so what do you care if they use that compared to things kickstarter uses (stripe) or has used (amazon payments)? it's all equivalent to the consumer.
i would suspect shipping to start around mid august maybe after gen con ? there hasn't been a update but guessing that things have been going really smoothly ?
ken, eric lang was the one who mentioned a possible shipping around gencon.
update on my comment just below. okay, so i finally (*finally*) got into the pledge manager from a link provided further down in the comments. don't know if it's because i'm using my home computer today. (due to the nature of my work i'm not home for 70% of the year.) in the pledge manager there are no options outside of paypal to pay for shipping. no where in the campaign's shipping section does it denote that paypal is mandatory; otherwise, i would not have backed this project. i don't have paypal and i should not be forced to get it. i mean, they took the rest of my money just fine... outside of trying to contact cmon again, there isn't really much anything i can do, is there? don't let these two comments make you think i'm angry--i'm not. i'm just not feeling the love, is all. more like mild neglect, heh. *shrugs*  hopefully i'll be able to reach them and get a response and try to work something out.
contact cmon directly.  they sent out several notices for the pledge manager and paying for shipping, so you may have to pay a little extra at this point.  but i'm sure they'll do their best to help you out.
how does one pay for shipping on this?  i was not able to get into the pledge manager when i first tried it and according to an update it's closed now. i was not able to get through to cmon via the telephone number given nor heard any response from the message i sent by kickstarter last month. perhaps i fell through the cracks but has many backers experienced these types of issues as i have? i'm doing what i can to get this project paid and over with. the shipping issue is my main hurdle. and i've been trying! as i understand it, if shipping is not paid in a timely manner then cmon will charge me more and more as time goes by; otherwise, they won't even ship it. so i'm asking the backer community, what else can i do? for those that ran into issues with the pledge manager, what worked for you?  thanks for any assistance, guys and gals.  cheers!
@bill behringer - estimated shipping is september, gencon is end of july, i don't think it will ship or be available for gencon. remember it was the 1st july update that showed the final preproduction proofs of the expansion figures. allowing 1 month for the production run to finish and 1 month to get from china to the warehouse puts shipping in sept.
still planning to ship before gencon? if not, is it possible to arrange to pick up my copy at gencon?  i'd love to be able to play it there! thanks for the updates!
three viking beards up!  :-)
ship it ^^
great review, can't wait to play it!
the dice tower has just posted their review of the game https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@beau salsman: thank you! we are happy to help.
they updated my address about twenty minutes after i asked for confirmation here.  nicely done cmon.  thanks.
@cmon can i get an acknowledgement that my change of address message has been taken care of?  it has been a few days now and i'd hate to have this sent to the wrong apartment.  thanks.
don sombrero, i was hoping to something like that. i would not dislike having it shipped two months earlier than expected.
@cmon - i don't know you do not want to make any official statements but could you comment in any way on eric's desire to ship the game to backers around gencon?
yeah :-) on track sounds great!
@cmon, thanks that nice to know :)
thanks cmon!
hey guys, just wanted to check in. we're still here. everything is still on track. when i've got actual information, well let you know. if you've got questions, let us know.
@weresheep, you lucky son of a... some sort of viking weapon.. you!
no way ... as much as i want blood rage, i have several great ks projects delivering in august and i have all of august off from work ... september can wait a bit ;)
blood rage blood rage blood rage blood rage blood rage blood rage
maybe if we all start chanting "blood rage" in unison, september will get here sooner...?
byron, with the pm closed, it is not possible to make any more changes.
here's a quick video from dice tower con in which eric lang talks a little more about blood rage.  includes some good shots of the minis. eric also mentions trying to get the game out to backers by gencon...that seems ambitious, but if that's true, then that's awesome. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
is it still possible to add the 5th player expansion to my order?
unforseen costs (medical bills, repairs ...).
not sure why people have been wanting refunds on this. i'd like to be able to add an extra copy.
@shalafi dave: i will reach out to you in the blood rage kickstarter private messages with the information.
is it still possible to request a refund and what email should the request be sent to? (only a last resort at the moment). thanks.
is watch it played guy doing a tutorial? i really like his videos.
i'm so eager to have that fenrir mini in my hands!
fenrir looks awesome!
thank you all very much. we will continue to keep the information flowing as it becomes available. :)
terrific update.
awesome update, fenrir looks awesome looking forward to this arriving!
absolutely brilliant, so loving 'the' wolf!!!!  well done all.
about the update. 1st picture of the exclusive clan, 3rd warrior. looks like he is swinging q golf club. everything is awesome though. i cant wait to get my copy.
the proofs look awesome and intimidating e. g. fenrir.
@kevin rodney smith from watch it played did an unboxing video of the core set at the cmon expo, if they already have a few complete core sets to show off then fingers crossed we should still be on track :)
@dan the shipping 'controversy' was for those who found out they had to pay $50-$60 a couple of months ago. the current issue is with people who still have not finalized their pledges.
as @kevin s, said! :)
is this campaign still on track for a september fulfillment?
@jason, thanks for the info.  i had put off finalizing my pledge because i knew there was controversy over the shipping, and if memory serves, i had assumed there were mistakes.  guess the high rates have held :-(
@dan heck mine was slightly more than 10 and i'm 2 hours away from atlanta
@dan, shipping ended up being higher than the highest end estimates for pretty much everywhere in the world
can anyone confirm that they were charged $18.36 (or thereabouts) for shipping to california?  the estimate said "about $10" ???
fyi, eric lang tweeted a review of blood rage from geek & sundry: https://geekandsundry.com/blood-rage-zombicide-black-plague-reviews-from-cmon-expo/
hey guys, greetings! just wanted to report in. any questions? let us know. :)
non official french rules (régles françaises non officielles) https://sites.google.com/site/cyrunicornbloodrage/home/telechargement
@scott.thanks for your comment. btw who won ?� was a video recorded ?
@scott, do you know of they filmed this, or at least recorded for their podcast?
@flavio +1
scott, what did you think of the game?
just saw this played live yesterday at the dicetower con.  players were eric lang, tom vassel, eric summerer and matt (sorry don't know his last name).  as a backer, i was really glad to see something live that i had backed before it actually arrived, and played by its designer no less.
it also looks like there room for card covesr and laminated player sheets
@williamb - seems unlikely.  i also commented that the minis exist here that could just use zbp cards but it went unacknowledged and then a guest artist now has a box of vikings for optional purchase...  would be so simple to design a couple of extra cards to use two  or four vickie's from blood rage in zbp as they did with b-seiged.
how thick do you think the player sheets are? they look pretty good to me, thicker at least than the cthulhu wars sheets which is a very good thing :)
i originally thought the board and the player sheets would be quite small but after seeing the unboxing i am quite pumped always nice to have a large playing board especially with minitures. also enjoying the finish on the board.
awesome video. great to see the igures have turned out nice. this is my main reason for backing the game.
great video! hopefully they'll also make a full watch it played series about the game.
hey belisarius! fancy seeing you here lol!
looking good.  think i may have to make a nice (aka completely fudged) foam board insert for the box to hold all the contents plus extras.
the game looks gorgeous, let's hope the use fast ships to transport it so we get the game early :-)
oh so beautiful, i so want this game now!!!!! one thing-the board looks so much bigger than i thought! loving it.
unboxing video was posted on rodney's channel - https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@weresheep, cheers for the conformation :)
agreave: same here but according to cmon, everything is fine with my order ... so i guess everything actually is fine and those $10 show that you have paid shipping.
silly question, on the pm when i click pdf it comes up with address/order etc all good but across it says $10-what's that all about? as i've paid my shipping.
hey, any chance of an answer considring a few cross over from bloodrage vikings to zombicide bp? would be a shame not to put thos awesome mini to good use !
crimson, are you asking?
on target for oct delivery it would seem?
i checked mine and it says “confirmed” at the top, but i thought i would review the rest as it may clarify what we should be seeing: the page shows "shipment phase 1" under shipping info and a packing slip pdf containing my address etc. but there is no tracking url or tracking number - is that how it should be? the red text saying "please note, we are not able to deliver to po boxes" is always showing. i assume that is just information and not an indication that the address field has been rejected?(in my case it is not a p.o box?) it always seems to say “confirm address” when i view the page. i assume that is always showing and no action is required? the shipping cost turns out to be less that the estimate. is the amount overpaid reimbursed to my card?
hey guys, just wanted to check-in. we have had a few stragglers who have not yet confirmed their pledge manager. to be on the safe side, we would like to recommend double checking. i have provided the link to the pledge manager below: https://ckpm.coolminiornot.com
looks good, but no stretch goals if you only take one set ... and: i backed battle systems fantasy terrain (cardboard) that has a lot more variety and will arrive this summer, i'm set i think ...
manor house workshops-modular underground project is now live on ks for anyone wanting a 3d dungeon in plastic.
pledge manager confirmed by the good people at cmon. looking forward to opening this one when it arrives!
bloodrage's latest updated has some examples from the "adrian smith" add-ons. i'm considering dropping black plague but love the look of these conan-esque mini's. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide-black-plague/posts/1268859
@markus, i believe it's 10%, as kickstarter and the payment company both take a chunk. i think you need to contact the creator through pm.
hello, i would like to cancel my pledge and i have 2 questions: 1) because more than 60 days have passed fees are not refunded -> how much will not be refunded? it's a 105$ pledge... 2) how do i cancel? contact via ks or normal website? regards
@matthias schneider: we have sent you a private message.
@josecarlos @ stefan thanks a lot, vielen dank! ;-)
matthias: die beiden (gods und mystics) waren stretch goals ... jeder unterstützer kriegt sie automatisch.
'ragnarok', i guess they are separate in bgg cause they will hit retail separatelay from the base game as mini-exp
@matthias, if i remember without mistake, these two items are inside what was called 'raganarok pack', in the pledge manager, free with the base game for ks backers.
uuuh, i think it's inside the "pillaging" rewards, isn't it? ;-) puuh, sorry ... oooh, ich glaube es ist beim core game dabei, richtig? ;-) puuh, 'tschuldigung ...
@ cmon: i don't understand, but by a fluke i saw at bgg the following expanions: gods of asgard => https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgameexpansion/174801/blood-rage-gods-asgard mystics of midgard => https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgameexpansion/175100/blood-rage-mystics-midgard i founded both neither at the campagne nor lited in the pm! how i get this? kind regards and apologize mistakes in writing ...
hallo leute, ich kapiers nicht. fand eben auf bgg folgende addons: gods of asgard => https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgameexpansion/174801/blood-rage-gods-asgard mystics of midgard => https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgameexpansion/175100/blood-rage-mystics-midgard ich fand diese aber weder in der kampagne noch waren die im pm dargestellt! wie komme ich jetzt da dran? ambesten cmon anschreiben ...
@belisarius - that makes a lot more sense, thanks for letting me know.
@zachary - on the conan comments, jamie's last comment was that the conan crossover content will be downloadable from the conan website when it's completed.
@cmon - got your message. thank you for double-checking my pledge. very much appreciated. @weresheep - if it says your order is confirmed at the top of the pm, you're good to go.
hey is there any news on the conan crossover? or have i just been daft and missed it?
so my pledge manager says "order status confirmed" and "shipment phase 1 september 2015" ... therefore i guess everything is in order? shipping costs have been paid via paypal - which also is visible in the pledge manager.
@erika: i'll look into it on our end and make sure that everything is okay. i'll reach out to in the blood rage kickstarter private messages.
please, please, please, make trays which can hold cards with sleeves.
paul, you are not backing zombicide 4. you are backing zombicide (not zombiecide) bp. and do not put a question mark at the end of that sentence. "i wonder..." is not a question. it is an afirmation of what is going through your mind.
this is weird. i made payment (or should say i thought i did) for blood rage a week before the pm was supposed to close - logged into paypal, did the transaction, and was sent back to the pm page. checked my paypal summary today, and there was no record of the payment to cmon. logged back into the pm, and the pledge isn't paid for. after some profuse swearing, i notice at the bottom of the page, there's an "i accept such and such" agreement check-off that wasn't on the pm page before. i check the agreement box, a link opens to paypal, and i log into my paypal account. instead of going through the payment process, i'm immediately sent back to the cmon pm page, where it says the pledge is confirmed, and the payment is now listed on my paypal page for today. very, very strange. has anyone else had this happen? @cmon - i apologize for not finishing my pm on time, it definitely wasn't deliberate. and thank you for another progress update.
and cmon delivers once again!
awesome stuff!
i'll be the first to express my admiration for the today's preview. i'm not overly attached to the components but those are really impressive!
hi guys, it's been a few weeks now since the last update. any chance of another to let us know what progress has been made, please?
@cmon i am also backing the zombiecide4 and would love some character boards of the figures in this game, so can use in that game as well. what do you think? come to think about it i wonder if i can use the zombies in this game as one of the clans?
a little french page https://sites.google.com/site/cyrunicornbloodrage/
any chance to get some character boards to use a few of those mini in zombicide 4?
@ gary concepcion: we will check on it an let you know in the private messages.
really gutted i didn't add the book now, if the pledge manager likely to reopen?
i see you're going to be at nova.  are you going to be running demos of bloodrage while there?  i'm assuming orders won't be filled by then.  thanks!
any chance you could check out my status on the pm? jus want to make sure i'm gtg.
@elessar: we really appreciate your support (and all backers.) thank you for the the compliment!
@cmon thank you for the kind reply, as i'm good to go i sat down and wait for september ;) to all backers, cmon answer swiftly and thoroughly, if you have questions just ask ^^
@elessar: we will check and let you know with a private message.
hi there @cmon, my pm say status: confirmed. is that it?  i paid shipping like weeks ago on 1st of may via paypal. sorry to bother it's my first pm (not first ks but team monolith is late on pm release so you beat'em) :d
the miniatures for this game look to be all turning out fantastic.
@duncan: good to hear. :)
thanks!  that worked!
@duncan: hmm.. i'll look in to it and contact your directly in the kickstarter private messages
i wish the pledge manager would stop saying my password is incorrect (even though i've written it down every time) and ends up blocking my ip for a little bit and i end up having to change my password.  every single time.
thanks for the answer cmon! now i just have to wait
@punxnbutter - psst... bones iii is rumoured (by me, here, now) to contain zombies, vikings, siege equipment and barbarian heroes...  always room for a few minis more..
man i have a cross over problem, i thought this game could probably stand on its own, but i wanted to flood my upcoming conan game with additional scenarios and minis. and now i'm a late pledger on b-sieged which i was happy to pass on until i stumbled on zombicide comments showing 8 hero boards/minis for the black plague.  ugghhh
daniel, i am with you. there is absolutely nothing complex about anything in this ks.
@jason i'm tired of this. if you are a bit smart you will understand the following... he said "this pledge manager thing is way beyond me and its just not worth the effort involved, as for paying extra shipping and import duty forget it". how can this be so beyond the average people to manage a simple form consisting of 3 options???? you are becoming ridiculous jason. also, how can it be a surprise to pay extra shipping fees if you buy additional stuff???? and, how can it be so unexpected to have to pay import taxes when every country in the world has regulations about importation???? those things are basic stuff. i will not excuse anybody for not knowing those things.
@daniel, i just don't see how its surprising that he didn't know how kick starter works when he hadn't ever backed anything before... clearly this format isn't for him and knows it now.  there isn't anything particularly funny about that, nor do i see how its deserving of mockery.
@jason i've made a simple funny joke with punxnbutter. so, calm down buddy. you see, the real problem with ks is that peoples see it as an online retail store. all the problems i've seen in all the ks i've been part of are based on those type of peoples. even if it was his first ks, to say that its too much to manage 3 options is hilarious at the most. what will he do when he has to answer the conan pm when it comes out???...because he did back conan also. so, if you still want to make excuses for him, thats your choice but dont try to lecture me.
@daniel, its his first kickstarter, and he just didn't expect it... i don't know why you feel the guy deseeves to be made fun of for that.
@jose - click on the coolminiornot logo, then click 'contact me"
oh man i didn't even see the conan backing....that'll be a fun day in the comments section.
heres a lil something to tide ya'll over... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@punxnbutter - i think @andy will suffer a stroke when he gets conan's pledge manager. talking about 20 or something add-ons, high shipping fees, and maybe import duty taxes. lolll!!!
64flavio , dont know how to send you a private message here :( as as you see is public, still, did you know why this is happening? i was told is maybe for lack of funds, or maybe a billing address issue, still its not solved yet
hi , thanks for the answer, however i didnt solve this issue, and still dont know if its from my side or maybe your side, or a problem with paypal, please check my answer
@lance @jose luis: you have been responded to. :)
jose, send them a private message through here.
please help, i have the same problem with the pledge manager, i paid with paypal, but received no confirmation, so i dont know if the transaction was done, also wrote to coolminiornot mail but they didnt answer yet.
cmon: i did pm you 2 days ago but no answer from you
and as far as i know: for europeans, blood rage will be shipping from germany - as the uk is part of the eu (still), there will be no import duties, it's just shipping.
really andy?  this was one of the simplest pledge managers in the history of mini games.  3 choices.... also freight charges were seperately from day 1.  hopefully you get the refund but be wary of backing any other game in the future because it's usually a gnarly set of computations to get all the minis you want.
@andy: we will contact your directly to help you.
hey guys, we’ve contacted several of you who have asked “how do i really know if my pledge manager is complete?” type questions. if you have a concern about if you pledge manager is complete, please send us a private message. we can check and make sure for your peace of mind. :)
how do you get a refund this pledge manager thing is way beyond me and its just not worth the effort involved, as for paying extra shipping and import duty forget it, i would just like my money back please
@tom https://ckpm.coolminiornot.com
@gem, considering what's been going on recently with massive fines and such, i'd say that's reasonable.
is it possible to pay without using paypal? i don't trust those dudes.
i can't log in into the pledge manager to check if i did everything  correctly for shipping and so on, keep getting an error 500.  on the main page it  only says i backed, and shipping is at 0$ but i'd swear i ordered the 5th player pack and shipping.  also i have a login name but it asks me for an e-mail?
i'm also having major issues with the pledge manager this time around. i can select my stuff, and get my address right, but there's no "next" button to continue my order. i sent in an email about this a few weeks ago but never got a reply. a little help would be nice! this isthe ... fifth? sixth? cmon project i'e backed and i don't recall having this problem before.  . be much obliged if cmon would help me out, here. i'm trying to give you money!
how do i access the pledge manager?  with all these e-mails about deadline now i am not sure i did it right...
hot damn!  these all look fantastic.  can't wait for the next update now.
i am getting paranoid getting all of these pledge manager emails. i am sure that everything is paid on my part, but how to i really check to make sure?
minis are looking amazing! can't wait.
so lovely minis, words fail me excellent job!
that was a short "few days"! the production proofs look amazing.
hey guys, we should have a new update coming over the next few days. :)
these ones are two months old...
@simona @manuel yes simona was right, but cmon finally got to it and refunded (btw the canceled part was a second copy of the game, didn't see the need to grab 2 if the pm was open to non-backers)
more pictures of fenrir: http://monster-zer0.blogspot.com.br/2015/04/blood-rage-ferir.html
any update on production?
greetings, if anyone is having an issue accessing their pledge manager, please send us a private message to the blood rage kickstarter. we will be happy to help.
@travis: we will look into this matter and contact you directly.
i have been unable to log in as well. i get the same error message. when i try to get the password sent to my e-mail, no e-mail is received.
and of course after i write this i succeed logging in. never mind my comment below.
when i try to check on my pledge on the pledge manager it just comes up with the error "error 400 you ip was blocked for security reason. please wait few minutes." but no matter how long i wait it stays the same. i can't check on my pledge a final time to make sure everything is correct before closure.
we paid the 75 + 30 for the 5th character when we pledged. why on the coolmini or not is it saying i pledged 75 and is asking if i want to pay an additional 30 for the 5th character?
ok i got in now. have no idea what was up.
why does the pledge manager keep saying;  error 400 you ip was blocked for security reason. please wait few minutes.  every time i try to login into confirm and make payment for shipping?
every time i look through those pictures of the minis i congrat myself on supporting this great game :)
is there anyone in germany who has yet to complete the pm?
@linus: anything can happen. i'll pass that along to the members of our team that would handle stuff like that. @everybody: just a reminder that the pledge manager ends next week. if you haven't completed it yet, do so. if you are having an issue with your pledge manager send us a private message. we'll see if we can get you sorted out. thanks!
you should let one copy to rodney smith on his youtube chanel "watch it played" he would probably promote this game better than anyone else
oh jeez..... apparently i need to learn how to read. please disregard my last message and my stupidity. sorry for wasting your time.
i am looking at the pledge manager. you guys already charged me $75 back on march 17 for this campaign. why are you asking me to pay another $75 dollars via paypal on the pledge manager?
@simona yeah, i realize now that it can be read that way too. doesn't change much, anyway
@mike the knight tanks, man, i have sent them a message.  i will be waiting then...
@manuel berger it seems to me, that paul just added some add ons and than realized that he doesn't want them/cannot afford them, so he wants only the additional money back, but still wants the base pledge
i see that when it comes to take our money, there is no delay, but when it comes to refund it...
@coolminiornot i keep being told, its being sorted, oh there was a problem, we are throwing more resources at it and since the 7 april i have not received my refund yet. you say be patient, i think after nearly two months waiting i am. i keep being told one thing and then nothing, all i want to know is how much longer
@paul their policy allows you to get a full refund if you asked within 60 days. don't settle for a partial! they must respect their policy! when did you ask first for a refund? and when did you send the first email that got ignored?
i'm not even asking for a full refund - just a partial, but the pledge manager just shows a negative balance and all emails to my tickets are being ignored.
@jason they have lots of kickstarter experience. they have managed to pull out big scale projects which were very successful. most of them already shipped and lots of backers are very satisfied. this doesn't seem to be the problem. i believe it's quite the opposite. it saddens me that we are treated very differently once our money is in their hands. i could have expected this from various others. i found it hard to believe that cmon does this to us.
i thought these guys were an established company with a good deal of prior kick starter experience, but maybe i was mistaken?  i'm not asking to be asinine i'm really curious as to whether or not i misunderstood something.
@cmon will this refund be sent to our credit card as promised? and what is really causing the delay? thanks
hi, we are aware of the delays regarding refunds. for those of you who have requested a refund, we are working to process them as quickly as possible. we are sorry for the delay and appreciate your patience. we also want to let you know that if you submitted your refund prior to the 60 day deadline as per our refund policy on the campaign page, we will honor the date that the refund was requested. in other words, if you asked for the refund before the 60 day deadline, you will receive a full refund including the kickstarter fees.
@mike the knight really thank you! first time something made me smile in this kickstarter in the last month!
@martin brochu under the created by: click the coolminiornot and then click the contact me button. explain your problem then wait 6-8weeks for a response.
@panzerkaput seems like they are doing as much as possible to hold our refunds... i.have not heard of even one person who got his money back. this smells really bad. ignoring us is not making this any better. moving more staff to press a refund button? i am not only unimpressed. i'm worried. cmon, seems like it is time for some answers!
@manuel i requested a refund on 6 april and was told it would be with you in one to two weeks. then i advised that they has been a small problem with the refunds and they have moved more staff to help clear this and you again have the refund in one to two weeks. well today is the 19 may and six weeks later i am still waiting for the refund. i have been assured by mr casey that my name is a list and still no response to emails and no refund. i understand things can take time but i am unimpressed with the way cmon have handled this. i still believe this is a great game and a great investment, just real life has taken over which is a pain. i would personally love cmon to answer my messages and update me please
anyone looking for more viking madness?? check out this ks, it is in its final hours, so take advantage while you still can!! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/roundedsquarish/ruddy-vikings-the-beardiest-card-game-ever
@ mike can you tell me the address where i send it to?
time for the raging blood rage fans to besiege b-sieged again? :p
cmon connects to b-sieged constantly but ignores our messages about refunds here? 61 days since project end. refunds should be sent within 60! how are you going to handle this?
we are officially outside the 60 day refund window. 61 days today d: where's my refund...
ignoring own promises and not answering emails is not what i would have expected from cmon. we were told to wait 1-2 weeks for refunds. it seems that no one has yet received them. cmon, you have to remember that we backed this project because we believed in you and in your project. i was a backer since day one, i participated here in the comments, convinced people to buy your game and was very excited about it myself. it was not my fault that you asked me 100+ dollars for the shipping of the base game when the most expensive estimate you gave was 50. remember that we were there for you. it's now your turn to be there for us, and give us our money back as you promised you'd do.  you asked to wait 1-2 weeks. i did.  where is my money now?  and why are you not responding to my mails from last week?
warning: this company does not appear to be honoring refunds as promised.
@martin brochu better send them a ks mail, it should be there with your other ks orders.
@joseph cheng: i would eschew wayland games like the plague, they had the annoying habit to list something in stock so you buy from them. however later you'll find that the items bought we're not in stock. so you need to wait wayland to order them for you but that happens only when they will make that huge order of the same kind of stuff so to get a great discount from the seller in order to offer some to you ... ... this end in ridicoulos weeks if not months waitings xd
i've found out about a lot of games through word of mouth so i thought i'd drop a note, the latest update for warquest is hoping to bring in a lot value for potential backers for these last 10 days https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/532062403/warquest
2 weeks have passed and no refund... also, none of my mails from past week were answered. starting to get impatient. anyone managed to get his refund already?
@joseph cheng in addition to the high shipping rate, that is also for just the core box. it doesn't include the shaman expansion or the gods expansion, in addition to all the ks goodies. thru ks we basically paid retail ($35 core pack, $20 gods pack, $20 shaman pack) and we get the ks exclusives as a bonus.
@ all. i have just realized that i can't see my br order on cmon pm.  i only see z3 order.  is this normal?  where can i fill out the pm?
hi, tried to reset a password, but got no e-mail... who to call or write? thx
i am pleasantly surprised by the retail price on the core box (assuming wayland do not change anything) but i am so glad i am getting the ks goodies.  i need fenrir sat on my desk.
joseph: please note that this is the base game ... we get a lot more as kickstarter backers (the base game contains 46 miniatures, we get more than 70 i think).
never mind my question. they charge very high shipping rate.
can someone tell me why the price is so low here? http://www.waylandgames.co.uk/pulp-horror-board-games/23836-blood-rage
some people here are really spoiled for asking a refund because it "barely" got over the estimate... i can't say anything to people who get 30 or more only for shipping 1 base game+ expansion but crying foul for a shipping fee over the estimate because you have "double amounts of pledges + double expasion+ double stretch goals" is asinine and hypocrite in my opinion
anyone interested in fantasy war games might want to check this out. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/532062403/warquest/description
the minis are looking awesome.  can't wait to hold the game in my hands.
bonjour cmon inc. une petite question sur le gestionnaire de commande il y a écrit nous ne sommes pas en mesure de livrer dans les boites postale je me dit que cela est du au volume mais cela sera livret dans un centre de poste prêt de chez moi? je suis en france merci pour votre réponse.
@micheal fuller fellow canadian here, you ordered more than double everything and are upset that it was only $4 more than a single pledge estimate? the extra volume and weight could have doubled the cost. i think you got off easy.
@kris, no it means if you have arealy fille dout the pledge manager, but decided you want more, you can unlock it to be able to add more.... until the pledge manager closes...
just noticed on the pledge manager, that there's a button called "unlock pledge". does this mean canceling the pledge?[serious]
is it just me, or did i do the pm, pay postage and get no confirmation from cm?
@luz it makes a much larger difference when you're spending a total of $240usd which comes to $290cnd.
@michael c, glad to have you still here! good choice.
called cmon directly and spoke to brandi who was able to resolve my situation. just closed out my pm
refund because of 4.18??? a man has to do, what a man has to do...
original shipping information: "about $15-$25 in the eu and canada, " actual cost to ship to canada $29.18usd almost enough to make me ask for a refund!
i was told 1-2 weeks for a refund to process 15 days ago now.  i planned on redirecting the money to b-sieged, but the campaign is almost over now.
thank you for the helpful replies guys. as a matter of fact i live in greece (that's us the eu country with the highest shipping), so i guess in your experience it won't be until june that i will get my refund.. =/
@yannis: 2-3 weeks is nonsense. 5 days max, if they hit the "refund button" then the banking systems dont need 2-3 weeks to send the money back to your account. 2-3 weeks is normal, if they use pigeons.
@yannis, i think they are padding the timeline a little, not much though. i'm not sure where you are located, but if international (not in the us), then it takes a little longer going through the banking systems. also i think they are coping with a large number of these and making sure they get the right account, right amount is important.
i have asked for a refund on the 11th of may. tonight i received an email acknowledging my request and informing me it will take two to three weeks (!) to complete the process. is that amount of time normal guys and gals? does anyone have previous experience they would like to share?
just a general question - does anyone know if the comp run by bgg (?) has been drawn yet?  and if so, who was the winner of this game?  thanks.
@cmon: i intially had asked for a refund but had asked if the request can be cancelled. not sure where i sit now. i have sent a couple emails/messages last week and this week checking to see if i should complete the pledge manager or not. any chance someone can provide me with an update?
@lance - three words: eric lang:)
did you notice how slow is the bsieged campaign compared to this one? i think the "shipping issue" did have some repercussion after all (of course on top of the theme and the kind of game that is more of aniche than blood rage itslef)
@randy & manuel i think they said that if you don't receive respond or money after 2 weeks, you should write them another email as a remainder, since they deal with the refund emails once a week
@randy: i hope you are wrong. haven't received my refund yet, though.... their policy specifically dictates that refunds requested before 60 days will be sent through the credit card... if it is not true, we'll have to demand additional money for paypal fees + fees for redirecting the money to the bank (which is not any cheap)
added the 5th player expansion.  just wanted the flexibilty if an extra player shows up at a game night.
@godfather punk: thanks!
stephanie gustafsson:  my guess is they're waiting until the 60 day refund period is up and then they won't give 100% refunds as promised.  it's been 15 days since i requested a refund, have received nothing.
@ron - yes, that's what the yellow 'unlock pledge' button at the bottom is for. just don't forget to properly re-lock your pledge in.
i was wondering if i can still unlock my pledge in the pledge manager and add money for another box?
@godfather, thanks looks like i am set now.
cant wait to get this nice little minis on my paintingtable. i hope i can grap myself an airbrush before they hit my desk ;) @cmon:thanx for continous updates!
the mini's look stunning. not sure if i want to paint them or leave them unblemished. will the shipped versions be the same whiteish colour, or will they be the grey / beige shown in the ks. i think grey monsters and beige clans (or the other way around) would look better on the board if they were left unpainted.
@tom beatty - did you fill out your selection on cmon's pledge manager page? that's the one you need to confirm & finalize your pledge. https://ckpm.coolminiornot.com/ i think you should be able to logon there with your ks email.
i am still waiting for my refund. it was requested 8 days ago and still no refund.
i don't remember getting out any pledge manager e-mail... i did fill out a survey e-mail.  is there any way i can make sure i have done everything i need to in order to get the game.
ah the new mini's look dirty, can't wait to play this.
fantastic work, really looking forward to this.
forgot-well done mcvey studios superb work :)
agreed-minis are so very, very nice, so needing paint!
@cmon: i intially had asked for a refund but had asked if the request can be cancelled. not sure where i sit now. i have sent a couple emails last week and yesterday sent a message via ks checking to see if i should complete the pledge manager or not. any chance someone can provide me with an update?
giggity.
hats off to the recent update!!!
simply astonishing preview of the mini's... and yes... this is something to cheer loudly at (hence the all caps)!!!!
i was going to ask if we had any news! those final production minis are awesome!
final production minis look great so can't wait for this game to arrive.
hi, just a friendly reminder. please remember that the deadline for the pledge manager is may 29, 2015. if you have yet to complete the pledge manager, please do so. please make sure that your order is confirmed and your shipping costs are paid. failure to do so could increase your wait for your pledge as well as cause you to incur additional shipping costs.
these look fantastic!
update #35... that's the sex
@the bat, hi, it would seem not a lot lol :)
highly recommend this game of pirates. now in kickstarter! skull tales https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1886312028/skull-tales
@corey +1 uh yeah duh! i'm mega-pumped! @matthias oh shit, sorry about your job, what happened? @agreave hi agreave! my eyeballs were hurting from staring at the conan campaign page and all the minis, so i came to see what was going on.
is the zombicide pledge manager still open?
me too. rhado really knows how to make people want some board games. just bought forge war a couple of days ago because of his run through.
yeah @skazz watched that and i'm sold!
@caleb this seems to be an awesome game. if you are not convince just take a look at the rhado run through. ist worth watching
hey guys, check out this sci-fi game, it looks super-tense and awesome! $85 and free shipping as well! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/241478362/project-elite
maybe we could start talking about the game again? . . . . . but on the other hand there is not much to talk about at this moment. so you might as well go on.. ;-)
@daniel desmarais salut! j'aimerais entré en contact avec toi. tu semble avoir les même goût que moi coté jeux. j'ai quelque question comme par exemple j'aimerais avoir ton avis sur le jeu fief france 1429. si tu as besoin de joueur pour des soirée jeux etc etc.  mon email est ovatha71@msn.com
i wasnt calling you a plonker either mate i was also stating that it was like the use of the word plonker it being used regional. sorry to have caused offence.
@corey h, me! :)
@pete b, well when i was in kent it was not in common use (and i'm english) and why are you making such an issue of this-i was trying to help out and avoid another misunderstanding?  if you wish to text/talk like 'colonel blimp'-great, good for you but please don't call me a plonker, with or without "-" okay. done.
sorry the you plonker should of been in speach marks
@ agreave i did and being from old blighty myself, lots of people use chaps, at least in the south. must be a regional thing like you plonker
my parents generation in australia and new zealand say "chap" a lot where i would say "guy".
maybe its a regional thing?
@agreave, i dunno... my best friend's dad is english and they both say chap a a lot.
pete b, "usually"! and it's not in  "common"usage! please read posts properly.
always were daniel just different of opinions thats all and a bit of a language barrier maybe too
still being used now and i am not upper class
@agreave thanks. i'm originally french speaking and i still dont know every twist of the english language. it looked strange to me at first but @pete explained the meaning he intended in his comment. now, we're good.
@daniel d, 'chap' is an english expression meaning 'man' 'bloke' 'guy' 'fella' etc, usually used by the upper classes-not now in common use since circa 1960s, it is not really derogatory-hope that helps?
@daniel no problems there. i too work in the games industry though my talents lay else where
@pete very well then. i thought that you still held a grudge about me and that you meant to use some kind of sarcasm. i've never seen that expression before. i apologize to you publicly.
@daniel actually if you are the chap i really mean you have real talent in your chosen field and it was  meant as a compliment. i might have different opinions to you but i dont go publicly attacking people.
@pete what does that mean "chap"? coming from you, it must not be a compliment. i know you are frustrated about me. anyway, since i have no clue, it doesnt matter. the fact that you are writing to me just to say that shows a lot about you.
@daniel if you are the chap i think you are, you have real talent
@elessar there's too many negative and malicious peoples on these forums for me to give more precise comments about my personal life... but i can say that it is related to gaming and entertainment. and yes, it is indeed a blast to be able to do that. :)
@matthias go into the pledge manager and change it, you can do that until they lock it for shipping
i need to change my delivery address on my order.  i was just laid off from my job of 15 years and i used to get my packages there and i need to change that.
so... who can't wait for september?!
hi @covenpines, shipping varies depending on the weight of the package. but we can properly answer your question during your pledge manager, when you can simulate all the possible shipping options. but you can be fairly certain that when you send multiple items in one shipping the shipping cost per item generally is lesser than when you send them in different shippings.
i'm not a business man neither in the least acceptation but i got out of this internet quarrel why so many people do ... get tax write offs or refunds out of toy purchases, that's a blast! @daniel what's your business i'm curious? (i'm not ironic i'm really interested).
@jeffrey - peoples have asked that we stop that. so stop. plain and simple!
@daniel - there, there. it'll be ok. you weren't talking about r&d... you were talking about write offs. and again, if it's a legitimate expense, it's a legitimate expense. a game shop owner could buy it for his game store, a teacher for a norse mythology unit, a printshop worker could buy it to look at the awesome fonts, etc., etc. anyhoo, you're even misrepresenting the entire conversation.... it's not like the initial question was about r&d... lolz. the question was about writing pledges off your taxes. how can i "got in at that moment" and "be getting started at you" if i answered first? did you ever stop and think that maybe *i* didn't want my conversation muddied up with wrongness? well, did you?
@sakerio you are right. i wont comment anymore on the subject.
@all - know that i was asked a question by @the bat! and i answered him and told him to seek counsel to his accountant to know more... not to only believe what i was saying. that was it. but @jeffrey took upon himself to correct me not know anything about it or even asked to join in the convo... which was over. that's what happens when someone doesnt mind his onw business. my apologies for him.
the conversation would be better done somewhere else besides the "blood rage" comment section.
@neil dont start it. i'm trying to put some sense in this arrogant yougster. or read the entire issue i had with this one since the beginning.
@jeffrey now you are ridiculous. i wasnt even talking to you and you started to get at me. i talk to him about research & development expenses at first. so the statement you are getting at me about was after that first one. so, i was continuing the conversation... but i didnt rewrite the same explanation a second time... but you got in at that moment. so, you embark in a stupid arguement about a conversation that wasnt yours in the first place. who's the jerk now? you are.
wow!  daniel, are you sure that is not 14 instead of 40?
@daniel - methinks now you're just splitting hairs to be right. you could just concede that your earlier blanket statement was incorrect, or you can keep getting your undies in a bunch over your own wrongness. whatevs.
@jeffrey as i said, your view is wayyyy too narrow. i was talking business expenses, not petty receit of gazoline, lunch, or whatever small expenses you may think of. what in the terms "see your accounting firm" is not clear to you. i would not advice such a thing for gazoline receit. frankly, you are just trying to piss me off. you know nothing of business and only a small minded person would not see beyond those ridiculous expenses. in business, you get way more options than that. so stop your childish comparaisons. its like compare a dog and a cat. when you get more expériences and more knowledge, we will be able to get an adult conversation about finances... real finance, not your paycheck. you really are an ignorant in this matter.
..................
@daniel - ok, how do you explain mileage? that's a business expense but if you're not compensated for it at the federal rate, then you can write it off. but i'm sure your 187 fortune 500 companies, garage of pristine ferraris, ninja dad, hottie gf/bf will be able to retort with a wall-of-text rant/blathering that combines "you don't even know" with "i'm done with you" in eloquent prose. and fyi, if mileage doesn't apply to whatever pillar of reasoning you call home, i suggest you familiarize yourself with the definition of "some" and why it is important in this debate -- you said employees cannot write off business expenses. i said in some countries they can; they can in mine. so obviously you're absolute is incorrect.
if i order another copy of the game will shipping costs increase? i live in europe.
correction "... i live what i say and i'm a living proof..."
@jeffrey would you shut up please. you know nothing. like i've said in the past, your view is too narrow. i've been running 2 bussinesses for years and used all the tax exemptions available and i also have an experienced accounting firm to see to all that. you're like those peoples in the forums telling companies how to manage a business but they never managed anything in their life except their pay check, which is your case from what i see. there is no compromise here because you dont know what you are talking about, and me, i live what i'm a living proof of what i say. anyway, i wasnt even talking to you in the first place but to @the bat!.
@daniel - welp, there wouldn't be a need to correct you if you would say correct things! let's compromise!
@jeffrey huhh? all you want. you are the trying to correct everything i write. if you were a business man, you would know right away what i was talking about and no, employes cant use the kind of expenses privilèges i was talking about. thats why i followed with saying that he should talk to his accountant or accounting firm, call that what you want. if you were smart, you would not try to correct every word i say but instead learn from what i say. you must be very young to bring the dad thing. as a man in my 40's, i wouldnt have tought of that one. oh and by the way, i dont have to prove anything to anybody. i just live well and happy with it. i dont know what problems you had in your life but you should learn to learn from others instead of playing the "i'm rigth, you're wrong" mentality. just an advice. i'm done with you young man.
@daniel - huh? where's the aggression coming from? the fact is if you are an employee, you can write off business expenses, depending on where you are, contrary to what you said earlier. and i'm glad that you're enjoying success in business and life. and i'm sure that your dad can beat up my dad, and every other non-provable pissing match jab you can throw. reading comprehension? you can haz it!
sorry, it should say "... until then, i will continue to enjoy success in business and in life... and you? :)"
@jeffrey ok smart guy. continue to try to prove me wrong all you want, that wont change the fact that i got a write off for my $3000 in ks in 2004...legally... in case you try to prove me wrong again. if you were that smart, you would know how to do it... but all you seem to look for is to be a pain in my a... i have not enough empathy toward you to even try to teach you a thing or two about that. maybe one day you will learn how it works... until then, i will enjoy success in business and in life... and you? ;)
but barry you'll still have the mystics for the expansion-you could sell them i suppose, but as there at retail........!
cheers, makes the decision to double down that bit easier....
@barry both the mystics and the gods are separate expansions.
does the retail box include the gods of asgard and the shamen figures - they're not eclusive, but i was wondering if these will be included in the core retail box or will be avaiable by purchasing an expansion later?
@daniel - depending on your country employees can write off expenses as long as they aren't compensated. @the bat! - it's tricky, though. if you go the gift route, how much of a pledge is a gift vs. how much much is a purchase. i wouldn't do it. :)
dead serious man. but you need to have a business though. employees are not allowed to  expenses deductions on their tax report. talk to your accounting firm to know how this can be done.
wai-wai-wai-wai-wait a minute. you can? you're not kidding? this wasn't a joke, because...i don't have a because, but pledging can, in fact, be a tax write-off?
and sooo beautiful! :)
@chris ... 32mm see the faqs
ok, here is a non-shipping related question: are the minis in this game at 28mm scale?
@the bat! you can if you classify it in your business expenses as i do. :) of course, you must have a business first, and you must find a good reason that will allow you to put it in your research & development expenses. i do. :)
@the bat! - you can if you classify it as a gift.
can we go back to the discussion about taxes? because i want to dream about the idea that these pledges can be used for tax write offs... :p
@rasmus t - i'll look into it and send you a pm with my findings.
@rasmus t: do your browser accept cookies?
everytime i try to pay shipping it just bounces back to the blood rage order summary page?
after a lot of pondering, i decided to back and pay that ridiculous 35$ delivery afterall. even if requesting a refund, with euro getting higher compared to dollar, i have already lost 6 euros between today and the time of pledge being collected. two more weeks, and it would be about half of the shipping costs. so, rather than losing money into thin air, paying a silly amount for shipping is better. this is just so you others who have paid with euro, remember that you will get less back than you were charged due to currency rates. you've already lost 6€, it's a big percentage of the shipping (well not to you who are over 50$ of course, but for majority of eu backers). i do hope though, that there are no added customs or vats anymore, as the first part of "eu friendly" failed miserably and in reality was "germany friendly".
woot!
and so am i-heck look at those minis!!!
+1000 @gabriel keep the spirit. i too am super excited. there's just to much negativity in these forums. got $17 in shipping to canada. cant wait to get this game, and also zombicide, and rum and bones. cheers to great games. :)
welp, i for one am still super stoked about this game, and can't wait. 15 bucks for shipping wasn't bad, and vikings!
@jeffery o, it sounds a lot like it! the shipping price thing has hurt too.
@agreave - i wonder if the zombicide debacle has gummed things up a bit.
@all, anybody here on r&b, cmon have just posted that they will be doing resin minis for it-at extra cost of course, date tba.
@belisarius, possibly they have 'overstretched' a bit-but at least there is ongoing communication from them indicating, at the least, an attempt to solve the problem! :)
good to see extra resources being applied. thought it does sound like coolmini is overdoing it with the number of kickstarters they are pushing out. this one is not over and another has already started and more are lined up meaning overlapping design, manufacturing, shipping, support etc. seeing one kickstarter through before starting on another may help.
@jp fairch, really? you are in america-california-and you are moaning at shipping! what at? seriously you are not helping when peeps have real issues with shipping (mine is within the quote so not moaning) grow up man!
@cmon, thanks for the reassurance on sgs-appreciated! :)
shipping costs seem a bit obnoxious.  hope this is worth it!
hi, we have been adjusting the personnel involved in our support department to increase our productivity in providing more timely service. if you have requested a refund, your request is included into a list. at the end of each week that list is forwarded to our accounting department. over the course of the following week the accounting department completes the refund request. if more than two weeks have passed since contacting support@cmon.com, we would like to ask that you submit another, completely new, request. as always we appreciate your interest, your support, and your patience.
hi danimal13, if a strech goal is unlocked we don't lock it back, it doesn't matter what happens later. we'll honor all our promises made to our backers.
@thomas too much upkeep even the fictitious ones
i would like a fictitious super-model girlfriend.
i would spend a lot more money on here if it was currently that way lol
i fully agree  i'm just stating what they say in their own terms of service
@david - as ks is the vehicle for these transactions, as the law catches up to the reality, i eventually see ks being required to aid in enforcement or it'll be replaced by one that will. take amazon, for instance. initially, it was buyer beware but now there are multiple levels of protection.
this is the reason that the legal term matters kickstarter provides a funding platform for creative projects. when a creator posts a project on kickstarter, they’re inviting other people to form a contract with them. anyone who backs a project is accepting the creator’s offer, and forming that contract. kickstarter is not a part of this contract — the contract is a direct legal agreement between creators and their backers okay now i'm done
@daniel - how is my view too narrow? because i'm using "donate" in the legal sense? or because i'm also using it in the generally accepted sense? btw, i think the word you are looking for is "gift" - you can give anything you want to anyone you want. and i'm losing your meaning in the second paragraph through the ranting and blathering. did i say ks and cmon are going anywhere? did i express disappointment? did i start something with you? no, i corrected you because you were (and still are) wrong. that's not "starting" anything, and i hope that you're not going to pull out being able to bench press more than me with a fictitious super-model girlfriend.
anyway i'm done playing with the local children i'll be back when something interesting happens
yes it was a joke you did not specify what type of french......also no matter what you try to argue here you're still wrong because the legal definition of pledge is what counts here.
thanks you coolminior not for your answer and all your help
@coolminiornot thank you for your answer and that is more of an answer that i have received from any of your people on your customer services and explains a lot. but with myself i was put on that list for a refund over four weeks ago and still no refund. whats more is the person dealing with my request on the customer services messaged the accounts department two weeks ago to find out what was going on with the refund and they have had no reply from accounts other than we are doing an audit and will get back to you. frankly, the communications are breaking down somewhere and it is actually starting to upset me. maybe you can help with this matter as  the customer service section doesnt seem to be able to.
@jeffrey your view is way too narrow. i see that you will say anything to prove me wrong. i can donate anything to anyone without getting a tax write-off and no laws can prevent that. of course, if someone want to donate to pay less taxes, then there are laws about that. but that not really a donation in the real meaning of the term. its donating for the wrong reason, to save money. so, whatever you may say, a $1 pledge to a ks campaign is still a donation. jeffrey, you shouldnt have started this with me. all you did was proving how a stubborn guy you are. in the end, all your talk means nothing because it wont change anything to ks. guys like you have been talking like you for years and ks is still here and well... and cmon too. so, continue to argue if you wish. you cant change anything. you will only be disappointed, not me. thats the point of all that discussion today. disappointed whiners vs happy backers who dont have false expectations. have a nice day all! :)
@daniel - donations are to charitable organizations. that's why they have tax laws around them. nice try, though!
@david lollllllllllll cajun french is not real french. thats a joke or what? you dont even know what real french language is. funny guy.
i'm actually cajun french...... so yah......again your wrong .... the legal definition sort of matters...just saying
@jeffrey again wrong. a donation is something that you give without expecting anything in return. your definition is not the general meaning of the word, only a tax term which can differs from a country's government to another.
@david look who's talking. another newbie (only 3 backed project) who thinks he know everything. i'm sure i know more of english language than you know about french smart guys. only dumb ones didnt get my points here. but since you dont agree with me, you resort to language debate. well, it is futile to try to reason with all the whiners in here. in the end, its me who will laugh because i didnt get any false expectations. poor all of you. lolllll!!!!
those sg were passed (inc buffer) fair and square, i would say that it is not our fault that a large number of refunds (if that is indeed the case!) have been requested. if cmon did start taking back sgs that would only generate more refund requests (mine for one!) and cause negative reaction to pledging on the ongoing ks and future ones. this is only imho.
i think i broke the troll.......
we were so far past the last sg that an alarming number of refunds would need to go through before that would be a concern
with the 'reported' number of refunds being requested - will this have nay impact on the delivered materials?  ie: will some of the exclusives be rolled back? i sure hope not at this point, but unsure.
so @daniel at least learn what a word means before you try to argue what it means.
@daniel - um because donations are tax write-offs? pledges aren't. and please don't misconstrue experience with ks for a general knowledge. it's both unseemly and fallacious.
here .... the definition of pledge..... something delivered as security for the payment of a debt or fulfillment of a promise, and subject to forfeiture on failure to pay or fulfill the promise.
hi, we wanted to let you know that our support team is experiencing an extremely high volume of request, not just for this project but for all of cmon’s projects. they process refunds, parts request, ks questions, shipping corrections and a whole host of issues that arise during ks campaigns. they are happy to help, and wish to do so as quickly as possible. if you have requested a refund, your request is included into a list. at the end of each week that list is forwarded to our accounting department. over the course of the following week the accounting department completes the refund request. they are working as quickly as they can to get current on those request. we appreciate your patience.
@jeffrey then why are they $1 pledge if ks doenst accept donations. a lot of ks also have donation pledge of the amount that you want. maybe you dont have enough experiences in ks like all the bunch of guys that i was discussing with here in the last few hours. its always fun to see guys with 1 or 2 backed projects to make statements out of nowhere. :) just proving you wrong again. :)
@pete - yeah, trolls were one of the stretch goals.
@daniel - actually, you did say backers can't, but meh. and fyi, words have meanings. rewards and incentives have no difference than purchase in this case. investments and donations are different, however. ks doesn't accept donations, and investments have their own benefits.
@ daniel god you're a prick as i was talking about the troll in the game.
@pete what? the truth is hurting you. :)  did you get your refund yet? lolll
what a troll? where...... i want to see
hey has anyone seen the troll?
@jeffrey you are really dumb or what? i never said that it was an impossibility. i never assumed anything regarding you. its you who were talking about lawsuit and i prove (and you now agree) that it would be a waste of time. your mistake is to compare backers to retail customers, not the same thing. as backers, you take the risk to donate, yes, donate your money to a project. its right that almost all backers get a reward. we call that an incitive, called a reward not an exchange) to help raising the most funds and they add some extras too. if there was not, the fund raising would probably be a lot less. i agree. the mistake that you all make is to think of yourself as a retail customer, you are not. think what you want but you wont change that.
@daniel - your first mistake is assuming i want a refund. i'm happy with my pledge and shipping costs. your second mistake is (again) assuming that because something is neither easy nor free that it is then an impossibility. yeah, suing over a $75 pledge probably isn't worth it for an individual, but that's also why there are class-action suits and state suits. finally, you're ultimate mistake is assuming backers are investors. they are not. when you back a project, you are not investing or donating. there's a reason that almost 100% of backers receive some type of reward - they're exchanging money for a product/service.
@yannis as long as it is not called pre-order, then its not. no matter your opinion. you are another who are putting your head in the sand. as for condencending, i'm not. i say the plain truth but you guys dont like the truth it seems.
@jeffrey i never said that buddy. i can call you buddy since you take the liberty to call me tiger. as i can see, you're having a hard time to understand reality like my other friend efty. my point was that a lawsuit is a long shot and its not worth the time, energy, and money to make it happened for $75. your chances of success are thin and the company has plenty of time to solve the issue way before your legal action could do anything. they have lawyers too you know. so, i beg you to try it. i would very much like to see how it goes and see you wasting your precious time and money in doing it. afterall, $75 seems a big deal to you. i do wonder how you gonna find the money for a lawyer if you cant afford losing $75??? :)
you seem to labor under the delusion that cmon projects are in the true spirit of ks when in fact they are not. ks is basically a preorder store for cmon. if you can't see that or refuse to admit it you are either a hypocrite or delusional. save your condescending tone it is neither needed nor appreciated. and just so we are clear i am done with you and i also urge the others to ignore you as well.
and regardless, ks backers are not investors. in a nutshell, investors get financial gain. backers don't (at least not directly).
@daniel - ease off the hostility, tiger. so you're saying that just because a lawsuit isn't instantaneous or guaranteed then it's an impossibility? fact 1: ks states that creators are obligated to fulfill their pledges. they haven't been involved yet, but i imagine within a few years they could easily be required to do so. fact 2: states and individuals have begun suing campaign creators. while you cannot get blood from a turnip and a lawsuit won't necessarily succeed, it is possible, especially when there is a contract in place. anyhoo, i'm glad you know where your money is, although i must admit i don't understand why that's applicable. now you just need to work on knowing your consumer rights! whether or not you choose to act on them is obviously up to you.
shipping fees and customer/investor service/communication regarding refunds are related to cmon acting professionally.
@efty listen, that debate about shipping has been done many times and it was not the point of this discussion. it started with the refund issues, not the shipping issue. you dont have all the info required to make a judgement on which carrier to use, only peoples saying this and that, no certainty. i trust that cmon has serious reasons to do that. i will not try to explain anything here about shipping since you cant even understand simple principles in the ks vs retail topic.
@daniel the whole point is that we do not live in countries so expensive to ship to. dozens of people have already mentioned this. dhl ships for less than half of what they asked us for, and that's not including discounts for bulk shipping. some people can find airline tickets from where they live to germany for less than what they were asked to pay. a guy from singapore complained earlier that it's cheaper to send a bike to china than it is to get blood rage delivered from china.
@jeffrey i see the facts as they are and i know where i put my money, contrary to you. its you who should take that course of action. you dont make sense at all. not because a lawsuits is filed that it has any ground to succeed either. millions of claim are filed every year you know. not many succeed and make peoples rich. its only in hollywood movies. lots of peoples went bankrupt for trying such things. so good luck in you lawsuit. :)
@efty i said i'm done with you. its not a question of attitude, thats how it is and some of you guys refuses to see it. you prefer to see it as a retail shop. thats your choice. me, i see it as it is, nothing more. regarding your irrelevent comment about shipping. if i was living in a country that i know cost a lot to ship to, i would not put money in ks. you guys seemed to live in hope that it would not cost you much to order anything. but when reality slaps you in the face, you complain. dont tell me that you had no idea how much it would cost to ship your country.
@daniel - just because it isn't easy doesn't mean it can't happen. there already have been consumer protection lawsuits filed. you can be done with this if you want (and i would recommend that course of action) because the facts don't support your claims.
i'm really curious if you would've had this attitude if you were the one asked for $60 for shipping...
@jeffrey good luck with that friend. you forget that it cost a lot a money to pay to sue a company and that its not as easy and fast as you could think... even more for a ridiculous $75. i'm done with you too because you dont make sense. also there is a big difference between a fraud and a long and difficult ks fulfillment. its even more difficult to sue than for a real fraud. i've seen a ks coins late by a year and half. did they get sued? no. why? because the backers cant. continue in your delusion. i'm done.
@daniel - you're right that ks doesn't force creators to complete projects, although they are obligated to do so (check the faq). if they don't, then backers can file lawsuits, and there are always fraud investigation possibilities.
@efty well, i dont see anything related to the kind of customer service that you expect. i'm done with you. you dont get it and never will. you are stuck in your retail mind-set. we'll see at the end if you were right or if i was. good luck.
@jeffrey maybe you should read the disclaimers that you got when you did back the project. nothing forces ks or the creators to make the project happens. no investigations are made by ks to ensure that and they clearly say that its at your own risk. so, they are not obligated to fulfill anything, no matter what you can say. they could shut down the project and you wont be able to do anything.
ok then, so because we're investors, not customers, means we don't get customer service, we get investor service. potatoe, potatoh. well, their investor service is lacking. ks terms of use say in order to fulfill their obligation, the creators have to make sure "1) they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; 2) they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers;".
@daniel - we aren't investors. we get no equity. we have very little risk - creators are contractually obligated to deliver the agreed pledge. the irs doesn't classify ks as an investment, and the eu is considering reclassifying how vat is applied because ks is being used more and more to purchase complete products.
@efty you are wrong. as jesse explained earlier... we are investors....not customers. thats what a fund-raising is...you give your money to a project. not the same as been a customer to some kind of retail store. you are asking kickstarter to follow the retail mind-set. wont happen. you are delusional about that.
@daniel, i don't want to change the rules, i just call things what they are. what i do want is cmon to be professional, with good customer service (because whatever you may call this, we -are- customers).
does not goes, should of gone to specsavers
i cannot argue with you there hence why i am withdrawing my support. anyway i hope you enjoy the game chap as it goes look good
@efty who cares what it is? its on ks then it is considered a fund-raising no matter what you think or say. get over it. you wont change the rules.
he is right, though. this is not a fund-raising campaign, it's a pre-order/interest-check. you really think cmon needed that 50k usd to make the game happen?
sorry i meant @pete.
@bate then why do you bother complaining here? you must contact cmon directly. they dont solve problems in the forum. sorry but what you think this ks is or not is irrelevent, only what is happening is. they did as ks allow to do, even if it looks like a pre-order. you have nothing to say about it. maybe you should have think about it before backing it. :)
thanks chaps but as neither of you work for the company and the complaint i have is with the company i choose to ignore your comments, no matter how well meaning they are. but i do agree what you say about ks but this really isnt a ks but rather a pre order
@jesse i agree with the principle, however, let's face reality... cmon is not using it as such.
@jesse well said. thats right.
@pete i understand your expectations but right now, its not what you think that is happening but what i did explain... refunds are complicated and slow on ks. thats not an opinion that i'm stating but a fact. we'll see if it will change in the future but until then, we have to live with that. so, you accept it or you dont put your money in ks. plain and simple. your choice.
@everyone complaining about refunds... you are all very ill advised as to what the ks community is supposed to be about and to ask for a refund goes against everything that ks is!!! you are donating money to a cause you would like to see succeed. if the creator pulls thru and gives you something afterward thats just a bonus. you should never expect to get something out of it tho, even if its promised. and you should never pledge more money than you are comfortable losing. this is not an online shop, it is a place for the masses to help inventors get their product to market.
@jason theoricaly, yes. but i was explaining the plain truth to some newbie andi, pete, and even efty. too many of newcomers get here thinking that everything is on time and refunds are as easy as it is in most retail stores. unfortunately, its not. i didnt debate on the right or wrong of the situation on ks. just stating the truth. i know that a lot of peoples would like it to be otherwise but its not.
@daniel, thanks for the response below re: pledge manager.
@ daniel actually i think that customer service regardless to where it is should be paramount and in my case i was told that my refund would be with me in two weeks. that was two weeks ago and ever since then it has been a nightmare. its not a money question too its the principle.
@daniel, i dunno... i kinda think cmon should be held to higher standard than most ks creators since they are an experienced games company and should be used to dealing with this stuff already.
we all know that about conan. it doesnt change the fact that my point is still valid. refunds are slow on ks.
re: conan, we should see how things go in the next few days. apparently amazon was holding tightly to their money and just recently gave in and made the transfer. then we can judge.
@andi & @pete i dont want to disappoint you guys but its not only cmon that slow down communications post ks and slow to refund. its seems a common practice here. when it comes to refund cmon has that problem, monolith (conan) too, and i've waited 1 month to get a $30 refund with asynchron (fief). so, the question you must ask yourself... is ks the place for me to put my money in if i'm afraid to lose it? frankly, i think you should consider to leave it because one must be patient on ks. if you think you'll find the same customer service as at your retail store...humm, i think you will be disappointed i'm afraid. i dont say its ok but thats reality.
@pete that is seriously lame from their part. abusing our good faith, and doing whatever they want with us, since they have our money. that's bad pr and customer service, i will be avoiding cmon like the plague for future ks projects, or at least wait for someone to sell the games retail in my country. too bad for the games and minis which are very good, but their lack of interest and communication post-funding is just something that i would like to avoid.
26 days after requesting a refund, that is before the delivery costs were know and i am still waiting. after quite a few emails, the last one told me that the accountants are auditing this weekend and i will hear something at the early part of next week, before it was we are waiting on the account department to get back over this and before that was the person that was dealing was your refund has left the company, i have no faith now in the process which should be a simple reverse of payment on my card. i am not going to be getting another game for cmon thats for sure.
@renato nobody is acusing cmon of trying to rip us off by pocketing shipping money. neither we nor cmon are that stupid. we're angry because we're simply asking they change the shipping method to one with an agreeable price or just lower the costs, and they obstinately refuse. if there's so few of us, they could afford to cut shipping fees down to let's say 30 bucks, since many of us are sending $130 their way and that's the retail price (which includes a sizable profit, or they wouldn't produce and sell it at this price). @matthias if it's ok to have this extra cost for being able to get the game early, how come only -some- of us have to pay it? everyone keeps mentioning dhl and all the cmon apologizers seem to ignore it. please, google it, get to their website and see how much it costs to send a 10kg package from munich, germany, to athens, greece.
and by the way, the sentence "we've successfully delivered wrath of kings" in the risks and challenges section of the main page is a lie. i'm a living proof.
hi, today, 47 days after the end the campaign, i have asked for a full refund, in compliance with the refund policy rules of this campaign. to explain my decision, here is a copy of my last post in the comments of the cmon wrath of kings ks campaign : "fellow backers, beware of the cmon (cool mini or not) company : mid february, the courier (dpd) hired by cmon failed to deliver (i'm in france) my wrath of kings reward, without any valid excuse (the tracking just says "digicode, access code required", which is a sheer lie. for the record, i have already received at this address hundreds of parcels from abroad). cmon was informed by me (february 19th) of the bad job done by their courier, without any apparent reaction. the parcel has been sent back to the german hub in march. since then, nothing has been done, despite my private mails (i also suggested a refund, to no avail). the last (and only) factual information given to me by cmon (april 14th) was a new tracking number, supposed to be for a new shipment. cmon didn't bother to answer when i warned them that this tracking number was useless and not new, as it was only the tracking number of the previous return to the german hub ! also embarrassing for cmon, exactly the same problem (same courier, same failure to deliver, same fake excuse, and same return to a german hub) happened with the shadows of brimstone ks reward. but the sob's team reacted quickly and efficiently by sending again (and succesfully) the parcel with another courier (dhl). two months and a half after the bad job done by cmon's courier, still no reward delivered, no pledge refunded, and no communication. unforgivable behaviour. cmon's customer service is useless. if a small problem happens, it's at the backer's expense, because cmon seems unable to fix anything. you've been warned, fellow backers." https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/coolminiornot/wrath-of-kings/comments…
@sinista yes it is. it allows to update, add, or remove items. after you confirm the changes, you will see it again until cmon lock the pm. so you may makes changes as you like until that date.
quick question...what does the 'unlock pledge' button do in the blood rage kickstarter pledge manager? is it just an 'edit' your order button or what?
how much for shipping in france? should i sell my car to get the game?
i've received a refund on a previous cmon kickstarter and received it all back without frills. my advice to anyone angry about shipping, get a refund and move on.
hi guys, does  someone ever get his money back ? i would like to know if cmon takes the 10% or not ?
@elessar, words of wisdom man, although the eu dream is steadily devolving into a nightmare, but let's keep politics out of this discussion, definitely the wrong place for it. @ matthias, you seem to be missing two very important points mate and i would really like to see you, or anyone else address them. first of all if you buy this game at retail not only you have to wait longer but you are missing on all the exclusives. and given that cmon makes the unfortunate choice to have exclusives that are not purely cosmetic, the retail version has significantly less replay value than the ks one. so for lots of people (myself included) either i get the ks version or i don't get the game at all. call it completionist, i call it getting the most bang for your buck. my second point is that as several people have pointed out (including myself), there are cheap ways to send packages across the eu (dhl for instance). so one wonders why cmon is using a more expensive option. hell every other ks except cmon's, which also send packages from germany (in most cases), also require lower shipping.  so it is not a problem of ks projects having expensive shipping in europe, it is a problem of cmon ks projects having expensive shipping.
hm. the anger about high shipping fees to some unlucky countries is pretty understandable. but: you can't have both. if you want to be the first in your country to get that game, you're going to pay extra. simply because it's not economically viable for any company to have shipping hubs everywhere. kickstarter or not. when they decide where they have a shipping hub, they look at their numbers to find out where it makes the most sense. that means where it's reasonably close to most customers. that minimizes overall shipping costs as well as median shipping costs per customer. that's really all they can economically do, they don't have the resources to make everyone happy. i mean, not even 10.000 backers worldwide! we're not talking about the next iphone here. your other option is to wait until there's a distribution company or publisher in your country that decides to stock this particular game. that could be a year later or may never happen. it's most likely going to be much cheaper, though. (or you could import the game from a shop in a country with lower shipping fees, once it hits retail there, which might also take quite some time. well, for you guys in iceland or greece: it's most likely not going to be from germany.) point is: i'm pretty amazed with how many shipping options there are. yes, there are some unlucky countries. that's unfortunate, but i honestly doubt it would be economically avoidable. keep in mind that you're living in your boardgame/kickstarter filter bubble. this is still quite a niche product. they don't get huge shipping discounts like amazon would...
hey lads, eu could not be the perfect dream it ought to be but is way better than none. just a few facts. no eu and everytime a ks parcel hits custom would be custom duties blood feast for sure. did you read about the canadians guys worries, yep you got it! moreover no eu's internal market no chance to buy our goodies searching for the best offer around 28 member states and get'em simply and cheaply at our doorstep. no eu's regulatory guidelines no common frame for evaluating a product worthiness and safety. finally no euro and with my national currency history of competitive devaluation i would have bought near to nothing overseas. i believe that many of us europeans tend to take for granted what instead are recent achievements. i'm not an euro fan sprinkling goodthinking mumbo jumbo, just higlighting cold facts to ponder on. and i seriously doubt they will impose such a tax to incoming goodies as it would be akin to a protectionist measure illegal under the wto treaties (non-tariff barriers) so no scare mongering fellows ;)
what if everyone is trying to be reasonable? starting with cmon, changing their shipping method for an affordable one? i find it strange that the cmon defenders all live in countries that have reasonable shipping costs, what if you need to pay 60-100 bucks to get the game? you will pay it silently? i dont think so. the shipping for my country is a bit high, not insane, but i think every backer counts and i will always stand by the peoples side, because companies have the possibility to keep every backer happy. if they wish. cmon clearly dont care his backers. not even you, who dont get stellar shipping fees, its just simply luck from your part.
@ang chee peng, way to be reasonable! that's why they have refunds! good job asking for one instead of accusing them of pocketing additional shipping charges or other such nonsense.
bye guys. i cannot stomach the shipping charges. asked for refund. will wait for retail version instead, if any. cheers!
@efty there is something you dont understand. its you, the europeans, who will pay that tax, never the sellers. if its not apart from the price, it will be included in it. no matter how its done, you will pay more. thats how businesses work. its always the consumer who pays. the more taxes, the higher the amount you have to pay for your goods. plain and simple.
@daniel they are selling us a product. vat should be included on their part, not ours, if they sell it to us at retail price. @isaac best solution would probably be sending it to a neighbour you trust. it does suck that they refuse to change the address, but frankly i'm not surprised...
israel. that price was quite a shock.
17,66$ for me which is reasonnable. but the fact that we have to pay for shipping for recent kickstarters, that we might have to pay vat in the future is not looking good for future eu backers.
102$ ???? omg where do you live ?
shipping cost: $102.02  i am out.
@the collector, except he specifically said that he already asked them and they said they wouldn't.
@isaac i got my address changed on all my cmon kss where the pm was closed so it shouldn't be a problem as long as the items are not being packed for shipping.
@issac, okay, i hope it works out for you! have a good one :)
thanks @agreave. it's a us address and they won't allow you to forward from it. i'm sending it to an old friend who lives across the country. better than not getting it at all.
@issac, are you uk? as it does not matter what/who the sender is as there is no filter-you still get the junk mail too! there is (as there always is!) a fee, but better than missing your package! if you are still stuck maybe a refund before the cut off! feel for you :)
also, it's great that you're attempting to help, but this is something cmon should be resolving, not its customers. of course, i've had no reply to my second inquiry from them and i doubt i'll get one
no, i can't. it's listed as business and you can't forward mail from one.
@issac, not knowing where you are, can you set up mail forwarding? it sends on all your mail to your new address. we have this in uk!
the issue is that i'll be moving by the date this ships, after the end of the pledge manager.  i won't know where i'm living until after the manager closes. according to cmon, there is no way to update the address after it closes. it would take a minimal amount of effort for them to change it, but no, it's not worth it to them.
did you try just going to your cmon pledge account and changing address there?
i asked about changing my shipping address after the pledge manager and was told by cmon there is no way to do this. it's completely ridiculous that s company can not accommodate such a simple request. virtually every other kickstarter i have supported had no issue doing this. and shipping? cmon has done many kickstarters, they should have been able to give a much clearer picture to customers. it's completely irresponsible that they didn't. i will not support this company again. there are far better companies and games than this to throw money at.
anyone else having a tough time with the pledge manager... tried paying for shipping on my pc and smart phone and it kicks me out every time... very frustrating!
@efty why do you always have to put the blame on cmon or others like them. the fact here is that the european union just want to take more money out of your pockets. plain and simple. they will always try to do that as long as there is money to get. if its not crowdfunding, it will be something else. frankly, leave cmon alone a bit and look at what your government is doing to you guys.
well, to be fair, that action by the european comission is mainly due to companies like cmon using platforms like ks to pre-sell their game. let's be serious here, folks ,we didn't crowdfund the blood rage game. we bought an already prepared product, which is obvious in the way they refused to make any graphic design changes. i'm stil la bit surprised (and thankful, too) that they relented and took out the 'shaman' name...
lol another proof that the european union is a joke! way to hit ourselves in the nuts! hope that thing doesn't pass
@mubod wow! thats really bad for euro customers. the way i see it, if it goes that way, the entire euro community will be cut off the worldwide market. as if they dont already have enough problems. i'm glad i dont live there. i feel sorry for them. 20% more than right now... thats a lot.
i have asked for a refund. too much shipping cost to greece. ta legame...
just a heads up but if you think "euro friendly" kickstarters are bad now just wait until the eu vat committee gets their hands on them! http://www.vatlive.com/european-news/eu-considers-imposing-vat-crowdfunding/
finalized the pledge manager. 2 x basic pledge + book + 5th clan. postage was 24 usd to denmark. that seems pretty fair to me.
hi, we have had a few "can i get multiples of my basic pledge?" and "if we purchase additional copies of the blood rage, will it come with the stretch goals?" questions. the answer is yes to both. if you double your basic pledge you'll receive an extra base game and an extra copy of all unlocked stretch goals. if you have an early bird pledge, extra pledges also cost $70.
i promised to put any reply i got from cmon here, so here we go. my question: "question regarding blood rage:  will any extra core games added through the pledge manager also contain all the kickstarter exclusive miniatures (e.g. the mountain giant, the wildboar clan etc.)?" answer: "hi, yes they do. if you look at the image for the option to add and additional blood rage game i believe it says "+stretch goals". best regards,  mr. casey" well, it doesn't say that exactly, but it does say core box set + ragnarok pack, which should be all the stretch goals, including the kickstarter exclusives.
oh i forgot as i finalized the pledge manager i can say http://i.imgur.com/tszskdj.jpg
@daniel that is true. my budget is super extended. i'm dropping $150 dollars on the all-in pledge for lords of war on the 15th and i can't pass that one up. plus a few other small ones. also cthulu wars in doing another ks in june. i need that one to get all the expansions to the base game i just got this week. money money money......
@decklin rivers yeah, i think i'll actually send them a message.
so i've just paid for the shipping charges 27,09$ (on my paypal account 24,85 €) so not that bad but not so good either. i suppose cmon could have done better but i'm in a midtier relative to the ludicrous charges to other lads. next time i would pledge, i will know that cmon charge something like 15€ more on the eu charges extimates to cross the alps and reach north-west italy from its germany hub. it seems they need to hire elephants to cross mountain hannibal style ... it's annoying but i want the game so i yield. sadly i couldn't buy the artbook which i would like to, but with these charges around 125 € for this game (core ragnarock plus 5th player expansion) it's heck enough ;) mind it for next time cmon, if you can find a way to better shipping charges people could be pushed to spend more on your products instead of pouring "monnies" on your shipping carrier. all in all i'm happy not to be in the shoes of the lads that got awfully expensive charges and to be obliged to choose between squandering an huge amount of money or renounce everything ...
@sakerio but you wont be able to get the exclusives include in the expansion box at retail you know. think about it. its not too late. the pm is still there for a while. enough time to get some additional bucks. :)
just paid for pm and opted out of the expansion. 12.88 shipping to upstate ny. may get the expansion retail if the base meets expectations.
merci beaucoup pour votre réponse daniel.
ral partha's chaos wars now has a kikstarter if u want to try a wargame with real metal miniatures from 40 years ago check it out !
@mendilli non, ce bouton sert seulement si vous voulez rajouter ou modifier votre pledge actuel. il faut d'abord le debloquer pour pouvoir faire les rajouts ou modification. une fois fait, il y aura un autre bouton pour confirmer les changements.
bonjour a tous c est mon tout premier gestionnaire de pledge que je remplie et tout en ba s de la page du gestionnaire il y a un petit cadenas et écrit a coter débloquer pledge doit je appuyer et répondre ok ? merci d avance pour votre reponse.
@john $10.21 shipping? thats nothing. did you expect it to be free? anyway, i said my peace and have backed 3 cmon ks to this day, and i will back black plague for sure.
@decklin rivers, thank you, i did the forgot my password again this morning and they sent me multiple emails each with new passwords. the second of four emails had the functioning password. seems a problem there. @daniel, it's not spamming for fun when a company ignores its clients and cuts off communications. i put in a help request because my password wasn't working and still no response. it's not spamming their other campaigns when it brings forth relevant information to new consumers that is being willfully misrepresented. this was the first and most likely last ks from cmon that i have backed. i was screwed by their previous company newwave games years ago and never compensated. i backed this only because of the conan crossover. i was thinking of getting the zombicide black plague, but this has turned me off of cmon again. final shipping to st. louis missouri in the usa was $10.21 for the base game and expansion, i skipped the art book.
well, what would you have us do, then? give up on a game we really like and wish to have, or pay 60 dollars for shipping that should cost 20? or twiddle our thumbs hoping cmon will, despite evidence to the contrary, actually care enough to do something other than say "pay up or fuck off"? if we hadn't posted in the b-sieged page, they would not have updated that project's page with the real shipping costs that they did know of since at least rum & bones. so even if it might not have solved our issue, at least people there who don't live in the privileged few countries know to expect fat shipping fees.
@efty well, good luck then. i still think its a child's way of thinking, but thats my opinion. for myself, i have nothing wrong to say about cmon. i'm completely satisfied with everything, including shipping.
@daniel who said anything about fun? not to mention it's not the creator who's takign care of the ks campaign, it's cmon - they're the ones organizing it jsut like they did with this one. they're the ones who set up the stretch goals & everything. and yes, i do think it's good for people to know the bullshit cmon pulls. i'd be happy if the game creator would see the people from blood rage and the other game complaining on the b-sieged page because cmon was ignoring them on their own project pages. i hope they then realise that will likely happen with their own, as it did with this one and rum & bones and others too. and i hope less bgame creators will deal with them in the future.
@efty so, if i understand you well. you think spaming another campaign by backing it just for the fun of harrassing cmon is a mature way of settling issues. all of those will then backed out after. wow. the creator of the game (not cmon) will like you very much for that i guess. because its him that will be harmed, not cmon.
@daniel desmarais: that pledge was before the blood rage pm went live, so at that time i did not know how much they will charge for shipping. as a matter of fact i will not decide to stay in that campaign, so as im not sure i will stay in this one too. if i can find someone to share the shipping i think i will stay, if not then i guess im out. but i have a couple of days to decide.
@daniel to harry cmon into communicating with us since they were posting on that page but ignoring this one...
@norbert i dont follow your reasoning. if its so disgusting, why did you also back b-sieged?
so, has anyone received a reply to their refund request yet?
i've paid the extra $ but cmon does ont act like gentlemen in this matter, "stand by your word"! no more cmon kickstarters for me :-(
cmon is not a small company, they have the funds to create this game, they dont really need your money. but they do ks with a lots of exclusive stuff, ofc you want those, so you back the project and when it comes to pay the shipping fee then you can decide, pay it or let the exclusive stuff go away. they dont give a shit what you choose. i really not appreciate this behavior, its disgusting.
@john i was having same error 500 issue this morning and when i came back to it later today it worked fine.  i didn't do anything differently except that when i clicked on "forgotten your password" i did not enter my email address into the login field beforehand.  don't know if that somehow had something to do with it or not.
still waiting for a response. my access to the pledge manager still comes up error 500
@cmon thank you!  looking forward to this game and also backing zombicide black plague next month as well.
@cmon, ty for a fast and easy pledge manager. 13.50 for shipping is not too shabby :d .cant wait for the game to arrive, and looking forward to using the figures in the conan game.
@daniel d +1. mind i'm uk so not really euro! :)
@steve bowen  and say goodbye to all the exclusives also... no way! not all non-us backers are hit by extreme shipping cost... why should we follow you? what a stupid idea! i would very much like to know how many are indeed hit by this issue outside that forum...what % of backers will cancel? sorry but i'm not the "follow the crowd" type of guy.
i've asked cmon through a pm, i'll write if i get a reply (unless they answer directly here in the comments).
@elessar+2
@claus since it's still obtained through ks, they should be there, yes. may as well ask them through an email/pm, just to be sure. if they answer, please post here whatever they reply, it seems we kinda scared them off.
@all non-usa backers. just cancel your orders and buy it retail when it comes out. you will save money and cmon will decide if they want to better serve you in the next kickstarter or start doing usa only.
@efty - i probably should have been more specific. i do expect that the general stretch-goals will be in the box - i was thinking specifically about the kickstarter exclusive minis (like the mountain giant, the wildboar clan etc), whether they would be included in games added through the pledge manager? :-)
any one in spain wants to share shipping on a single pledge? i am from a coruña(galicia)
@claus each game box should come with its own set of stretch-goal unlocks. i'm pretty sure i saw cmon post this some time during the campaign, and it's standard practice.
does anyone know if extra games added through the pledge manager will include all the unlocked extra minis?
sounds like they are using federal express to ship in the u.s.. they are the most expensive and unfortunately in my experience, seem to damage the package most often for me.
have you thought about using amazon they have to be cheaper then these prices. that is how jamey stegmaier at stonemaiergames ships all of his games.
@elessar +1 sharing the love :-)
i really wish kickstarter had a like button from time to time elessar.
ah ok cool thanks!, now time to mentally forget about game so it shows up sooner
i would be pleased to pay a little more, say 1-2 $ if that would have eased the shipping charges of greek, bulgarian, romanian, ukrainan, south african and icelander lads - i.e. the ones that got ridicolous steep increase in the charges. i mean if cmon have planned for fixed charges for determined area in so doing sharing the burden of the expensive delivery in the vast pool of backers, shouldn't be better? as i do suppose that the bulk of the backers are from us and western europe it would cost less than 1-2$ each and all people will be happy. many big companies plan in a similar way when they pool together the losses on one area with the gains in another. it gives a better standing and image to a company to be capable to satisfy every customer and do not let some little but vocal minority screwed up. for the record i'm from italy so i'm in middle ground here.
this was supposed to be a eu friendly campaign and thats a reason i backed it without any thoughts about being overcharged on shipping fees. thats why the games are shipped from different hubs around the world... what could go wrong? and sadly the shipping part is going ridiculusly wrong till this moment. probably you have chosen the worst handler you could. and since it doesnt affect you cmon, but it affects us the backers, you should take our suggestions into consideration and change your shipping plan. ignoring the backers who gave you their hard earned money isn't much appreciated. if any of you guys think that a shipment from germany (a central europe country) to another eu country exceeds 50 and 60$ then you clearly must live out of this world. so stop posting ignorant claims like "its not cmon's fault. thats the price, deal with it". @kyler ashley -> september
@kyler in theory it should be september 2015
anyone have an idea when this is being shipped out?
can we get a troll miniature in nappies holding a package so i can remember all the trolls that have been born by the blood rage kikstarter ! ( huck nash dar!!!)
shipping payed, now to wait and see wich company dare bring it to my door. ;)
once again guys ignore the child and it wil leave..
jonathan ... your grasp of the english language in writing ... your educated ways of expressing yourself ... your tolerance for other opinions and your politeness in dealing with people ... leaves only one conclusion: you're eight years old (and that's an insult to some eight year old kids i know).
@at all the trolls  i hate trolls so i will destroy u bring the rage.
the shipping rates to greece are preposterous! 60 euros is nearly the price of the game itself! this is totaly unreasonable. isn't there a way to ship it directly to greece via another shipping company? until a solution is found i will not complete my payment.
@david guidry "doc"  $15 for just the base game to iowa? i got $13.23 for the base game, expansion, and art book to texas. it sounds like the shipping company is varying the costs depending on where in the us you live. for a package that's actually normal. that's why shipping calculators ask for the sending and receiving zip codes.
generally i wouldn't mind another one. it seems to be kickstarter exclusive! :p
@yannis true that we already plenty of troll to feed (shaman, mystic etc. ) :p
guys stop feeding the troll. a person who makes statements like high shipping to certain countries helps poor cmon make this game a reality is clearly a troll and a bad one at that.
@jonathan i did. i've been using shipping of all sorts all across europe for more than a decade. cmon did not. they gave us a rough estimate that happens to be around the actual cost to ship inside the eu and then pissed all over it and demanded 2 to 3 times more money. if you have no clue what's going on, don't bother commenting. all ou accomplish is shedding light on your ignorance.
@jonathan we are not discussing the campaign itself but the fact that there are cheaper methods of shipping that cmon doesn't seem to even consider, especially for those countries that were hit with a high shipping cost... germany to italy or germany to uk is more or less the same distance (of course speaking in a general way) but yet the shipping cost quite differs... also germany to bulgary isn't really "far" from the hub so yeah they shouldn't get hit with that postage... again i think that cmon did a good job on posting the various fees for public knowledge but at the same time we think that could do even more! we want cmon to continue with the business we want them to be successful and at the same time we want them to improve on the customer service which seems quite lacking at the moment (and not only for blood rage) people say there are cheaper solution that could be used and demands why cmon can't even look into it to provide better shipment solution for everyone and not only the one that "lives near the hub" so yeah people aren't complaining without reason here nor they are thinking that kickstarter is for getting cheaper deals...
@efty  do your homework before you back all pay your bill.stop crying baby!
@pressureman are you serious? don't you think those costs should be part of everyone's shipping charges? the problem isn't that cmon charge a lot for shipping to everyone, it's that they charge -some- of us way, waaaay more than they charge the privileged few countries that probably have most of their customers.
@jonathan first of all, your writing is atrocious. improve it or expect ridicule. second of all, cmon themselves are using ks as a preorder shop. you really think they needed the 50k their goal stated to produce this game, when everything was pretty much done, except expansion content? third, we asked cmon to look into alternative shipping offers. we offered them the obvious example of dhl. they refused. they're saying "pay $50-60 or fuck right off, we don't need you", which is easy when you're sitting on a pile of money. and if you think it's ok to pay 60 dollars for shipping across just a portion of the european continent, while known courier services like dhl offer the same for 21 euros (for a 10kg package, mind you), why don't you send us the difference?
just a thought on why the eu shipping prices are so much higher than, eg, those quoted by dhl.  cmon doesn't have employees or a warehouse in germany - they contract that work out to the shipping company.  some of the extra costs are probably for the work of unloading the container, relabelling the boxes, etc... i.e. distribution.
@efty thanks
@captain matt  probably, we, from the "expensive to be shipped countries" are not so many, but cmon are just mocking with us. i am from bulgaria and it is part of the european union and .. 55$ for shipping?! and after they have announced around 25$? for 55$ i can buy an airplane ticket from bulgaria to germany and back. should i go and take it by myself? it seems that cmon have been too lazy to check other options for shipping to this countries.
@to all backers  kikstarter is not a shop .it is a way to help out and kikstart a new idear . if you r only backing this game so you can get a cheep deal then you have missed understood what kikstarter is all about .be smart and think about what you r all posting on this site .r u helping a new idear a great game with top of the line miniatures or r u trying to make coolminiornot look bad . they have done everything they can to keep the shipping cost down by sending to hubs .if you live near the hubs you will get it cheeper but if you live away from the hubs it will cost more you cant get the shipping for free . the only way to  change this is move to a city near one of the hubs . so to all the backers out there who r crying like a little baby i say grow up and keep quite ! stop wasting everyones time and let them get on with with there next idear .kikstarter makes any idear on ther site state where they r so if you live on the moon and dont want to pay a big postage bill wait untill the game gets to the shops . and yes i paid $26 postage and am happy with that . we live in a new world where many people buy online deal with it and move on !
@ captain matt. i would also be very interested in seeing this backer breakdown by country. and my problem is not just with the ridiculous shipping. it is mainly because there are shipping solutions that offer shipping that is a lot cheaper (dhl like some previous people mentioned). if every shipping company charged the same amount then yes i would say "sucks to be me". but as things stand right now it seems that cmon has selected a crappy shipping company and saying they can do nothing about it when in fact they can.
@captain matt, i think the reason for the complaints is when you buy online you aren't paying full price plus outrageous shipping.  in this case pledges are paying full retail price plus the shipping, why?  when you could just buy it in your flgs and not pay shipping, unless the extras made up for the extreme costs.  i don't think a lot of people felt they did.
if cmon really care about their ks backers, they should change the shipping partners, not just saying its original. there are many creators who offer the backers much lower price of shipping. most of asian countries are closest to china where they made games, but we have to pay much higher than north america (2~4 times more). thats nonsense isnt it?
@david which is your right to refuse to pay, but i just got something from an online game store that cost me $12 to ship from the midwest to the east coast and it was about half as much stuff as the base pledge here.  so blame usps, ups and fedex for upping pricing.
am i just losing my mind or wasn't there a retail package for backers?
@shipping complaints.  what i would like to see is a breakdown by country of the number of backers that came from there?  with almost 10k backers i wonder what % are in the "way overpriced" areas.  as a business person i feel that every backer is important, however when you look at it from a purely numbers standpoint we may be talking about a very small % of the total backers.   . i think cmon is listening, they have changed shipping partners in the past and might do that again once they are able to see the shift in customer locations have been.
i'm in america and i refuse to pay 15-20 for shipping that's just way over priced
agree on efty on this one... there's no point... from what i see most of the backers there are americans so yeah they don't care rats about "shipping"
what's the point. we already told the people ther ehow much it costs. cmon updated the project page with the costs. if they want to support a company that gouges it customers on shipping, it's on them.
i guess its back to the b-sieged kickstarter then...
i am pretty sure cmon doesn't give a leaky sack of rat droppings about buyers outside the us or western europe. if they did they would realize there are many cheaper shipping alternatives and use those for their customers, instead of continuing to do business with a shipping company that skins people. this is not the first project that this issue with extortionist shipping has come up (same thing happened to rum & bones). so they know plain and simple. they know and are unwilling to come up with an alternative, which is a pretty crappy attitude if you consider that smaller companies with a lot less resources than cmon bend over backwards to accomodate their customers. and the chances for me of buying cmon games outside of ks are exactly zero. i refuse to pay god knows how many times the price of a normal pledge to those bottom feeders on ebay, or buy the game retail (where half if not more of the content is missing because of kickstarter exclusives).
@nikolay gyoshev - in the top right corner of this web page, click on your ks account profile pic, then click on the fourth option under 'my stuff', that is 'backed projects'. then you should see a list of all the ks projects you have been a part of. on the right side of each item there's a big blue circle with a white plus in it - click that. it opens the project details where you will find your backer number (it's under project name, starts with #, like #1234).
@jeanrlavoie: sorry but what you said is nonsense. who choose the shipping service if not cmon? from germany to hungary 27 bucks? its not insane but its a way overpriced. blood rage will be a 10kg parcel? i dont think so.
i need help. where in the pledge manager is shown the pledge manager number? so i can write it in the e-mail?
@jeanrlavoie sadly you are wrong. if cmon cares about their backers they can offer a more fair solution. many well known companies offer much cheaper shipping fees. dont fall for their last update that pretty much says that eastern europe prices are 55-65$ and thats it! it's not. you can see for yourself if you wish by calculating the fees from dhl,ups etc...
i bought many things from many countries and i dont ever saw so much high cost of shipping. sorry but this is my last ks from cmon... great game but shipping fail. sorry :-(
@jeanrlavoie, how do you think that the shipping costs are not within cmon's control? they make a choice for a certain shipping company (dhl, fedex, national postal service, ups, etc...), so it is fully within their control... from my experience, shipping costs from the company cmon are using are twice as high as normal postage fees (€17 shipping from germany to the netherlands, which is a neighbouring country)... if they would use dhl it would be about half that, and dhl is not considered cheap... for greece it is extremely ridiculous, and the company that cmon is using should be ashamed... cmon should look into other suppliers for their delivery service, because they are losing a lot of money and customers with this policy... money that was already in their pockets, will fly out because people will be asking for refunds... plain stupid and lousy customer service if they don't look to improve on this...
@all-disapointed-backers they care. it's not their fault if bringing the package to your house cost more. blame the postal services instead... it's totally out of their control! they should have exposed better estimates, but you can check out the refund policy in the last update. it saddens me to see ppl say that they don't care! they miss evaluated the cost, that's it!
so cmon really doesn't care about their customers outside central/western europe. good to know. i will not back any more cmon projects (guess i'll get 7 sins at retail..) and will tell all my friends to avoid them like the plague. refusing to choose a decent alternative to their horrendously priced shipping for eastern & northern europe is downright insulting...
almost $15 for base game to iowa.....
and that is for california as well.
@juliethwang, $19.10 for me but that includes the 5th army and art book.
$17.85 for the base game (only) to california, usa. i'm not happy about it.
me too on board thanks to conan crossover so mainly for the miniatures, if the game will be a blast the better ;)
hey guys - thank you for the advice. i guess i will be getting the game after all :)
@don, actually i will be surprised if i play this game...i backed it mostly for the awesome miniatures from studio mcvey.  the fact that i will be able to use them in conan is an added bonus.  for my money, the value of the miniatures if very high, since the sculptors are top notch, and frankly (business dealing aside) cmon makes very high quality games.
update live: doesn't solve the issue but at least it's a step in our direction and a way to respect your backers!
@don what gun said is correct but also to answer your more specific questions: 1) not really... it all depends on the cards you drafted... upgrading rage is a way to have more actions but if you don't have the number of figures and cards  to back those actions you will likely end up wasting time 2) you draft the cards so you know most of them --> you can plan ahead 3) the low battle cards counterbalance this by applying special rules (e.g. discard your card, copy the value, steal rage and so on)
@don sombrero, well i myself really like kemet and if you are in one of the countries that has high shipping rates or don't care about the kickstarter exclusives for this game then i would recommed buying kemet from your local shop and then get blood rage when it is available at retail. just my personal opinion though.
guys - a straight situation - i'm a $1 backer and exactly 100% on the fence - please convince me or help to make any decision:) from dudes on a map games, i own ankh morpork and lord of the ice garden (also runewars, ti3 and game of thrones but they take too much time to play to schedule a game). i'm considering this or kemet as i don't want to have too many similar games. what i'm concerned about blood rage: 1. helmets and axes are an illusion - you have to max your rage first 2. cards are unkown most of the game (hidden information), can do a whole variety of things (variety) and have big imact on a game - effectively resulting in "a kind of randomness" from an indiviual perspective. 3. the battle cards have such high values that the whole aspect of dudes on the maps is not that important - you can usually outweigh the deficit in numbers by a stronger card. please hep me decide!
13.00 shipping that is
okay, i just (3rd time is the charm) finished with the pm and successfully paid (~$13.00 to oklahoma) with paypal.  seriously, getting through that should be stretch goal!
good work - we won't get any discount but at least now it seems right that cmon lists the actual shipping costs. good job!
nice siege work ragers...realistic shipping costs on b-s now is a good start and thanks for listening cmon
all the shipping rates estimates are updated on b-sieged, so it is a lot clearer and nearer the mark i think.
at least they updated the shipping on the front of that page of b-siege now.
@adam acree i think our pm questions are getting buried by the postagegate controversy.
now it's just a matter of waiting a bit.. let's see if cmon truly cares and provides us with an answer or it was just a way to kick us out from the other ks... in any case i suggest to lurk around it and strike again if the requests are ignored
@efty the art combined with the gameplay and the theme made this game a "i will back whatever you throw me" for me... i will enjoy this game a lot! b sieged... meh maybe not i'm at the 1$ level just to keep in check cmon in case i need to contact them fast :p also i find amusing how the "rage" flooded in us and we "besieged" the other forum! xd
this is just a way to compensate production costs of kickstarter's sgs :) dirty trick
if this game wasn't a brilliant combination of art by adrian smith and game design by eric lang, i'd have backed out the instant i'd seen the shipping cost and not even bothered commenting about my frustration...
i don' t think cmon really wants to resolve the shippings costs issue. maybe they are getting something from the side from the courier company...i am greek and i do not think that way, but cmon is starting to think that way. it was the same with rum&bones. they don' t care. period. they are getting a lot of messages, they will answer them with professional ease and go on. they are starting to have shorter period campaigns and give mediocre stretch goals to backers. i think that at least at r& b campaign the stretch goals were pretty ok, but now? alternate sculpts and markers...? come on....
blood rage fans raging on the page of a game called "b-sieged" - you can't make this stuff up... :)
i am think the name blood rage is very appropriate right now..
@vladimir we still have some time before the 60day full refund period runs out. let's see if they actually answer today, maybe they'll actually solve the issue. if not, then we hit them with the refund hammer.
+1 to angry backers. shipping to ukraine >$60. it was the same for r&b (shipping >80) and i have to cancel one of the expansions to compensate shipping costs. had package from germany 1000x400x500mm 10 kg with router accessories and it costs twice as cheaper (dhl). will definitely ask for refund in b-sieged if shipping for it will be in same range. very-very-very disappointed
@simon you are right but at least that is something...
if i don't receive a confirmation email that my payment for bloodrage shipping went through, should i go through the pledge manager checkout again? or just wait?
anyone else not receive their pm email yet?  i haven't backed cmon before and it isn't letting me log into the pm on the cmon website via the link they provided in the update.  when i ask for a new password i am getting a"500" error message.
@lance, they could of always posted it on the campaign where the problems were stemming from :3  it might seem ungrateful to bother another campaign about the issue but when you aren't really addressing the issue in the right place and people have put over $100''s of trust into your company it isn't really.
copied from b sieged page: @creator: cmon is very aware of the situation with blood rage, and is looking into what can be done about that, and how to revise our procedures for this and future campaigns. there's no need to keep spamming this campaign with discussion about other campaigns. the message has been received loud and clear. well at least it seems our efforts did come to their ears... let's see what they do now
cmon on the b-sieged comments page: cmon is very aware of the situation with blood rage, and is looking into what can be done about that, and how to revise our procedures for this and future campaigns. there's no need to keep spamming this campaign with discussion about other campaigns. the message has been received loud and clear.
@yannis that is clearly their stance... they don't care! so the more reason to go in their comment section and continuously remind them politely to come here and give serious explanations
@efty thanks, i saw! still i think we should teamup on a single pledge if you still want the game, as i don't expect cmon to care any less about this situation. either way i will be avoiding future cmon projects, at least until i move to germany or something.
yeah well cmon seems to be ignoring the problem hoping it will go away. they just updated the page with a new sg (probably to drown out the shipping discussion) and of course offred no comments.
great job andi! i wanted to compile that list too. i think it speaks for itself. would love to post this on b-sieged, but i'm not a backer there. i hope someone has done it already anyway. would be doing unsuspecting eu backers a favor.
@andi done. :)
could someone post the shipping fee summary for eu on b-sieged as well?! might be best to inform the backers on general cmon shipping fees.
@captain matt - in case of most countries (except greece, swedem, etc), it's not about a cup of latte but of unprofessional business practices - if for every ks you have prices ranging $18-$35 (with most being at least $20), you shouldn't post estimates of $15-$25. especially if your prices apparentyl are above market average (despite placing large orders).
could not cmon offer a 'diy shipping choice' for those countries over the high end estimate? as some seem to have found cheaper costed couriers already-or would this be too complicated?
short summary (cost for 1 basic pledge, no add-ons): lowest shipping - germany - $9.89 (1 country) austria, belgium, luxembourg, netherlands - $17.66 (4 countries) czech republic, denmark - $20.87 (2 countries) france, united kingdom - $23.40 (2 countries) italy, poland, hungary, slovakia, slovenia - $27.09 (5 countries) ireland, portugal, spain, sweden - $31.50 (4 countries) estonia, finland, latvia - $35.33 (3 countries) croatia - $41.80 (1 country) malta - $48.55 (1 country) bulgaria, lithuania, romania - $57.25 (3 countries) cyprus - $60.93 (1 country) highest shipping - greece - $63.72 (1 country)
first let me say i agree cmon needs to update their shipping estimates.   . now i have not done the math or anything like that this is just my observations from the comments here and on bgg.  with the exceptions of the $63 on a 15 to 25 estimate i see that the cost is about $5 more than the high side of what was estimate.  to put that in perspective that is a latte at your coffee shop.   . while it is easy to be a armchair kickstarter campaign manager we just do not know the business agreements or contracts that cmon has signed.  i know the personal shipping cost i do has gone up by about 30%.   . tldr - i support my other backers and want an updated estimates.  just remember cmon is not out to get us they just want to make cool toys.
@john matthews this is a long shot, but try using a web proxy. @everyone else pissed at the shipping issue - go back b-sieged, leave a comment saying how you feel and asking cmon as _politely_ as possible to get their asses in here. then back out.
this is the list with the shipping fees for all eu countries, for 'blood rage': austria - $17.66 belgium - $17.66 bulgaria - $57.25 croatia - $41.80 cyprus - $60.93 czech republic - $20.87 denmark - $20.87 estonia - $35.33 finland - $35.33 france - $23.40 germany - $9.89 greece - $63.72 hungary - $27.09 ireland - $31.50 italy - $27.09 latvia - $35.33 lithuania - $57.25 luxembourg - $17.66 malta - $48.55 netherlands - $17.66 poland - $27.09 portugal - $31.50 romania - $57.25 slovakia - $27.09 slovenia - $27.09 spain - $31.50 sweden - $31.50 united kingdom - $23.40 shame on your shipping company cmon! https://boardgamegeek.com/article/19099568
i feel for all the eu backers and shipping costs. i live here in the us, and can't even get into the pledge manager because it keeps tossing up error messages. multiple devices, browsers and tries last night and today.
@gooner saw it
@elias and others: go on the b-sieged page and let them know! i'm quite alone there...
@lance just delivered a rant on bs and then duly cancelled pledge.
there really is no excuse for these outrageous shipping costs. let's get a few things straight here:  a) there is, as we speak, a friggin' board game retail shop in germany that charges 20 euros for individual orders to greece without weight restrictions and this is just one example. why on earth would cmon charge more than 3 times as much to ship from germany?! b) this is cmon's responsibility and no one else's. please have the dignity to not make up excuses like little kids or make meaningless statements like "it's not up to us". 64€ shipping to greece? 57 for romania? 30+ for spain,italy, sweden, finland? this is clearly messed up. c) you've run how many kickstarters? you're not exactly new at this are you? one would think that after 15 campaigns you'd much more professional. at least put up a banner for each new campaign saying "eu backers might be skinned".
as i see now, cmon dont care about the insane eu shipping costs. they said "its out of our control", but its a bit strange, not they the one who choose courier service? the shipping is 27 bucks to my country, its not insane, but its a bit overpriced, because the parcel will come from germany. cthulhu wars shipping cost was $45, but its a combined shipping (cw and later theomachy), and cw is around 6 kg. i really dont think that blood rage is more then 5 kg. i think it will a way below that weight.
@ted i will after spamming a bit in there so we get the attention we deserve! i think all of us should go there and let us be heard
cancel your pledge to b-sieged. now!
considering a quick google told us dhl offers shipping at less than half of what they asked for, no, it is not understandable. if cmon came on and said "whoops, sorry, here's what we can do to fix this/make it better" or at the very least "we realise what we ask for shipping is a bit too much for some people, we're looking into possible solutions" i'd be happy. what we get, however, is silence while they happily spur people on to give them money for the next game.
cmon is full of ... i cannot say the rest.
@yannis stavropoulos: i have sent you a message in fb (i think you have the same photo there). please contact me. i am still in search of an answer for refunds...
@don i too think something is wrong here... because cmon is an established company so knows how to handle everything... this differences within eu are quite unreasonable... i will bite this time because it was what i really expected in the end (shipping to italy it's usually around that)  but for others i understand their reasoning
@efty - it is all understandable but nothing changes the fact they provide the same estimates on their new ks. and according to other posts, the same happened already in the past and we still got the same estimates. something's fishy here.
stephanie already did that. cmon then added a bull comment about how estimates are just estimates and refused to address the issue that most of the eu countries fall way outside their "estimate". so how does one get a refund over here?
stephanie we are paying customers and thus vote with our wallets. unless they come up with some satisfactory answers soon, i will be cancelling my pledge, as well as refrain from participating in cmon projects. if 63 bucks are preferable to missing out on at least 4 pledges i can think of (blood rage, b-sieged, zombicide, 7 sins)... well i just hope their business model works out for them.
has anyone backed the b-sieged project? it would be a good idea to create a post about situation on that site: 1. let people know they will be charged more than promise 2. draw cmons attention 3. just for pure decency
cmon are busy sitting in the b-sieged comments section. thanks for ignoring us d:
well that settles it then. if they have done the same thing with rum n' bones i doubt they will change anything for their current or future projects. a pity but if cmon is not interested in getting my money i will find someone else who will without charging me inflated shipping. @ ted could you elaborate about the refund procedure? i understand that it is done through stripe / paypal but how do we initiate it?
@to all greek backers: this has happened before with me at the rum&bones campaign. insane! what about cancelling all of our pledges in greece but one? (and then pledging multiple copies)  i have sent a message about refunding procedure. no reply yet. on comments earlier here, i have seen that we ask refund till 60 days through stripe. this site/service is not yet active in greece, i think...after 60 days, the campaign says we ask it through paypal. cmon is really delaying to answer any messages or replies with the style of a big earning company. i hope this is resolved or i will too cancel my pledge...
@ other greek backers of blood rage. has anyone of you backed another cmon project before?  because if this 63 usd nonsense is typical of the shipping it charges i might as well cancel my b-sieged pledge as well as any future ones i intended to make. by the way can anyone inform me what is the exact procedure to ask for a refund? i send a pm here on ks or is there another way?
shipping to greece 63.72$... this is insane. i've never heard of such ridiculous shipping costs before. and you claim to be using a hub in germany?! there are board game retailers in germany who charge 15-20 euros for shipping to greece regardless of weight. i'm sorry, i was very enthusiastic about this game, but now i'm considering asking for a refund. paying 64$ shipping for a 130$ package is just ludicrous, especially when your estimate during the campaign was between 15-25$.
i want the game, so i will pay the $31.50 for eu even though it is out of the estimates, but i don't think i will back other projects by cmon after this, cannot trust what they say...
@andi mersi, dar prefer sa astept sa vad cum raspund cmon, momentan. in functie de cat de enervanti vor fi s-ar putea sa prefer sa anulez complet si sa renunt.
they should better do something about the shipping charges or the refund hammer will strike! cmon should not be lazy and should look at this problem and change the shipping provider ,it's not too late!
@efty te intereseaza sa ne grupam 3 persoane pt un cost redus? http://forumboardgames.ro/viewtopic.php… , eu sunt l2extasy pe forum, te asteptam daca te intereseaza.  for people getting high shipping fees, grouping up with others seems like the best shot if you still want the game, otherwise it would be best to consider refunding and waiting to buy retail.
what is going on with this shipping?! prices are widely different across australia from $17.31 for victoria to $27.55 to wa when the original estimate was $15 for "australia" if you intend to charge different rates for different states, please say so from the start! most websites now charge flat rates across aus. i am now very skeptical about backing b-sieged, which also says shipping will be $15 for aus, and future cmon projects. underestimating the delivery cost by 80% is not acceptable. it's not as if cmon are new to this! delivery charges are an important consideration when many of us decide to back a project or not and delivery costs that are 25-30% of the product cost are not on!
i just checked and shipping within germany for the base game and the expansion is given as around $11. so compared to others i don't really have a reason to complain. except that i could go to the post office right now and send a package of the same size and weight for $8. and that's without any bulk discount or checking options other than dhl. while i don't think it's worth it to be outraged over a few bucks, i think cmon could definitely do better.
@cmon: please figure out if there is an error with the pledge manager and respond either way.  it looks like prices are all over the place.  i was charged 18.36 for shipping to california, another person 17.85 to california -- different prices to the same state.  additionally, despite the fact that the core box for blood rage does not appear to hold near as much content as the two large boxes and expansions i received for arcadia quest, i am being charged more for blood rage, (18.36 vs 12.42).  all this not taking into account that we were estimated to be paying around 10 bucks shipping (shouldn't that "estimate" have been 15?)  poor business practice if these shipping prices are not a pledge manage error.  how can less boxes and less weight cost more to ship just a year later?
yup, the project was funded on march 18th, so we still have a few weeks to either pull out or get alternative solutions to the ridiculous shipping charges.
@harri it's less than 60 days, so no loss in any case. harri, laita minulle mailia, niin voin koordinoida. ks kun ei tarjoa keskustelumahdollisuuksia.
@jani tarvitaan osoite. minut saa kiinni tämä nimi @gmail.
mulle kans viestiä jos jotain keksitty.  although i think if we cancel at this point,  we will lose 10% of the pledge.  then add local posting and i doubt there would be much savings
are you serious about this shipping fee of 35$ to finland?  from an eu hub in germany? as you state in your page.  i mean, come on! is the game coming in a silk-wrapping on a platinum plate? this shipping cost is a definite deal-breaker as it increases the price of the game by almost 50%. @kurisu and @tahd inskepp --> laittakaa mullekin viestiä jos yhteistoimitusta mietitte. although i'm from eastern finland. also as someone listed earlier, even dhl is waaay cheaper. -j
anybody knows what the estimated size of the base pledge package is? and/or the size for the 5th player expansion? and also, is package forwarding from germany an option?
@elessar and so that we can steer away from that shipping company in the future
@elessar - thanks!
@don sombrero wait for the link in your mail inbox @dimitrios baltoumas: i'd like to know what cmon would answer... @cmon @thiago at least you owe us the name of the company and the shipping method so we can do the math and understand ;)
pm live and i am all paid up. now i wait for the core box and 5th player expansion to arrive in sept / oct.
@kurisu laita minulle mailia @gmail, niin voidaan keskustella erikseen.
pledge manager keeps kicking me with a error 500. it still has not sent me a link for a new password.
hi, i have never used the pledge manager so i don't have a password. when i try to reset the password, the error pops up. does anybody have a similar problem or know the solution?
$99 shipping for two sets with expansions to south africa...
@kuritsu let's talk. there might be some other people also i have been chatting with.
dhl rates shipping costs for multiple items: up to 0,5kg 3,45€ (worldwide) up to 1kg 7€ (worldwide) up to 2kg 8,79€ (eu) 15,79€ (worldwide) up to 5kg 15,99€ (eu) insured up to 10kg 20,99€ (eu) insured up to 20kg 30,99€ (eu) insured up to 31,5kg 40,99€ (eu) insured dhl zone 1 (european union) *dhl zone 1 in detail: zone 1 (eu) austria, belgium, bulgaria, croatia, cyprus (except north), czech republic, denmark (except faroe islands and greenland), estonia, finland (except aland islands), france (except overseas areas and departements), greece (except mount athos), hungary, ireland, italy (except livigno and campione d'italia), latvia, lithuania, luxembourg, malta, monaco, netherlands (except areas outside europe), poland, portugal, romania, slovakia, slovenia, spain (except the canary islands, ceuta + melilla), sweden, united kingdom (except the channel islands so, why i have to pay 63$!!!! for shipping to greece?
what is the procedure for cancellation please? i can't find it anywhere.
$35.33 for 1 game to finland... anyone in finland willing to combine pledges?  shipping to finland for 2 games is $38.35, $41.66 for 3 games.
ok, pm live also for me and it turns out 27,09 $ (ie around 25 €). so it seems to me a little steep charge increase for shipping. i ordered here and there from germany but never anyone so far has charged me so much just to cross alps and reach north west italy, heck i'm living in the 'blue banana area' how can it be they charge that much this time? come on, cmon! i will appreciate guys at cmon to be less shady and at least tell me what kind of shipment options do they chose, like the company and the kind of shipment. i do hope it's at least a insured and tracked parcel. that's basic customer information. thank you :d
not happy with the shipping cost to spain, luckily i have some friends in germany who can pick it up for me and deliver my way a good deal cheaper. my question is - what happens if between now and september they actually move places and change their address?
i stand corrected, i just checked the dhl website. for regular packets, under 10kg, it's 7,5 euros within germany, and 21 euros for basically any country outside germany (including spain, finland, greece & romania). now, i can understand cmon looking for a different shipping company for cheaper costs for france, england etc. and that's ok. but i expect my shipping cost to be at most as much as dhl is charging.
coolminiornot kickstarter pledge manager : error 500  i forgot my pass word and get no new one... wtf!
gregor mascher: they could do the same search at the start of the ks campaign and tell the real costs (i assume they use other channels, but it makes no difference). the problem is not the cost itself, but the misleading information during the campaign.
@gregor mascher same dhl will cost you more than 10 bucks within germany. dhl has stupidly high prices. you might wanna think things through before you tell people to suck it up.
27 dollars for shipping to italy!! you said that was 15-25.... please review the shipping cost!
let`stry to be resonabel. if i simply check the shipping costs (for a package of 5-10 kg) from dhl for international shipping within the eu, i get the following prices (example): germany to tzech republic: 31.99€ (€ not $). that does not include packing, only the pure shipping charges. so yes, you might be disappointed, but the shipping costs are still pretty steep within the eu. or simply said: stop whining, start getting informed opinions.
for having sent and received shipping from germany, it's nowhere close to 25$ to / for france. seeing as you are bulk shipping i find it surprising you can't get a better shipping price, that's +33% over the game price ...
@brandon you do realise romania, greece and finland are about as far from germany as new york is from atlanta, yes? and there's no border or customs office between eu countries! our governments have nothing to do with this shipping cost. the cost is set by the shipping company that cmon picked. i find it insulting that it's expected of us to pay so much more just because we're in less important countries, even though the actual distance and difficulty is the same or less than plenty of cases where the cost is half or even less.
i can get a flight madrid-berllin-madrid for 31€... shipping prices are insane. just change your shipping agency because they are stealing from us.
@everyone- shipping across the planet costs a little more, greece, iceland, romania, california...there is a global supply chain we are funding to help blood rage deliver, without their buying trains, planes and automobiles... come on everyone! complain to your government shipping costs, not the game designers!
@efty and other people from romania, check here: http://forumboardgames.ro/viewtopic.php… maybe we can somehow group up to split the fee, if not then refund.
57.25$ ship fee to romania, f*** that, refund!
"again, estimates are our best guess. we try to be as accurate as possible" "turns out our shipping estimates were accurate for 85% of the eu " is this your first ks? have you never sent a game to greece or iceland? 85% of the backers or 85% of the countries? as i see much more then 15% of the countries got overcharged shipping, but i believe that the low cost to germany makes 85% of the european customers happy. make a new badge: germany friendly shipping. ;)
shipping to australia for 3 core games + 1 5p expansion was just under $30. much better than r&b shipping, it appears like cmon are certainly working to reduce costs.
@michael martell said "core box + 5th player + book $13.12 to nyc. can't wait! for the glory!" i am also in nyc and getting the same gear as michael-- now this is definitely nitpicking but my shipping was $13.23. is the shipping calculator really that precise that even different places within the same cities will get charged different amounts? i am happy with the shipping price but it's starting to seem strange that it would be different in the first place for the same shipment to the same location. i am not complaining as the difference is only 12 cents, i am just curious how the calculator works this out.
$27.09 shipping for hungary (base game + 5 player expansion). not much higher than the predicted cost, but im not happy. thinking that i will drop the expansion to cover the shipping.
15% of all eu countries would be about 4. there have been already listed far more than that eu countries with high shipping costs. that is, if all countries are even covered.
63,72$ to ship to greece.  very f disappointed.
keeps giving me a error message every time i try to log in, tried switching browsers, still keeps occurring.
@belisarius it might be that the cost in australia is not fixed and i'm getting a bad deal being in wa.  i've purchased plenty of heavy games from the east coast though and i'm not expecting blood rage to be heavier than eurogames full of wooden resources.
admittedly it is high for domestic, so i'll probably drop the book to cover the shipping cost and save me from having to mess round with paypal.
$17.85 to california?  wtf?
@shaun probably depends on where the shipping hub is in australia, and how heavy this is (minis and game box, gods box, shamans box) compares to normal board games. and if they're using australia post or an international company. considering how much some are paying, and how much monolith's conan may cost to ship.. i see $25 as a relief ...
$20.87 to czech republic (next country to germany) :-/ very dissapointed :-(
i still don't understand why the shipping cost in australia is $25.  i can get a game shipped from any australian game supplier for $10. i thought the original estimate of us$15 was reasonable, but i don't know why it's so high if there is an australian distributor. if cmon isn't making any money then they are not getting a good deal.
i'm having the same problem as maya dailey - it crashes with an "error 500" when i confirm.
$39.00 to ship to japan -- that has quite a sting to it.  good thing i only got the core box, and the expansion.  would've hate to seen what the cost would be for the art book included. :(
just checking: adding a second copy of the game to my pledge at the pm means i'll get a second copy of all the ks exclusive stuff right?
i can't even pay shipping! paypal wont work -__-
i don't believe there's no other way to ship from germany to romania that won't cost as ridiculously much as it does at the moment. as for only 15% of eu countries, please. poland is right next door to germany and the cost for them is $27, while for the united kingdom it's $23. i don't think cmon is doing this to rip us off, but whoever you got to handle eu shipping is, and that is not ok. you cannot expect people to be ok with more than $30 for shipping over such small distances.
@cmon, ninjad by @pressureman lol.
hi, cmon covers the cost to ship by boat the packages to each of the hubs (usa, germany, australia, and the china factory itself). the shipping charged is from those hubs to the backer's address. the shipping charged to different countries may vary because the shipping cost itself varies, quite a lot in a few cases. iceland and greece have to pay 3 times the cost of other eu countries because, unfortunately, the shipping charges from germany to iceland and greece are currently 3 times as high. believe me, cmon isn't making any money off of shipping. turns out our shipping estimates were accurate for 85% of the eu countries we cover. we are sorry that for the backers in the other 15% of eu countries the final amount turned out to be higher than expected, but i'm not sure what can be done about it. again, estimates are our best guess. we try to be as accurate as possible, but price increases can occur once we have the final weight of the product. of course, we are always ready to refund your pledge following our standard refund policy.
@lance - you asked how its possible that most of the eu pays more in shipping than australia does.  consider the process: 1) all the games and add-ons are manufactured in china 2) boxes for eu and australian backers are packed at a distribution centre in china. (pledges for us backers aren't packed yet; instead, all the us game boxes get sent by container to the cmon warehouse in georgia) 3) packed pledges for the eu and australia are loaded into containers and sent (by sea) to the distribution centres in germany and australia respectively.  cmon pays the shipping cost for this. 4) regional distribution centre dispatches the packages they've received to backers in their region.  this is what we pay extra shipping for - to cover the cost of sending from the distribution centre to our home.  the amount we pay depends on: i) how far we live from the distrib centre; and ii) how much the local courier/delivery company charges. australia gets it fairly cheap because the delivery companies in that country have a pricing structure that allows them to charge a similar amount for delivery anywhere in the country. some parts of the eu get a rough deal because there's a big difference in what the delivery company charges to deliver. not especially fair, but not mysterious either...
not here to complain about the shipping cost - but why does anyone exclude po boxes from shipping? unless you are using a courier, which would explain the shipping cost complaints? where i live, there is no door to door mail everyone gets a "free" po box, and all mail is sent there. i input my street address, so it should make it here and get cross referenced to my box, but i get a nasty note from the post office when that happens (more work for them, understandably) i am just not sure what purpose blocking po boxes serves? there must be some reason.
refund is via stripe to credit card
31 usd to ship to spain! this is ridiculous. i'm thinking to ask a refund. is the refund process via paypal?
$15.77 shipping to oregon for 1 core box, 1 5th player expansion, and 1 art book. no complaints here!
@michael sprague - i'm in louisiana and shipping was $9.96. it seems like for shipping, distance is everything.
@captian matt you are correct. it is shipped from atlanta for the us. it says that in the shipping section at the bottom of the campaign page.
@michael sprague core box + 5th player expansion was $8.29.  cmon is located in atlanta and if i remember correctly so is their warehouse.  so shipping from east coast to west cost will be more than shipping east coast to somewhere else on the east coast.
$17.85 to ship to california? yikes.. as if $75 for a game wasn't enough already...
$57.5 to ship to romania? we're in the eu, godsdamnit! this is ludicrous! i can understand getting surprises from the shipping companies, but this is 4 times as much as the initial estimate. something better change, or i'm tempted to cancel my pledge and just get the game at retail, the extras aren't worth doubling the price...
where are these shipping from, for the usa? because i just got the core game and the 5th player expansion - and my cost was $15.04 i really wish cmon would stop saying the estimated cost will be $10.00 - i have yet to see a $10 shipping from them... granted, this is a lot cheaper than zombicide 3 or rum and bones...
core box + 5th player + book $13.12 to nyc. can't wait! for the glory!
@paolo scusa mi sono espresso male... intendevo dire che non c'è possibilità perché della traduzione si occupa asterion stessa che ha già confermato di non avere nulla a che fare col ks e quindi l'unica lingua disponibile è l'inglese nel pledge di ks
@dv8, if you are going to do more ks a paypal account is a good idea as amazon are gone and stripe doesn't seem to be involved post campaign, so i assume more and more pm will go to paypal. doesn't help i know but......:)
the eu is supposed to be a unified place but instead every country gets it's shipping rates and some of them are utterly ridiculous! how is it possible that most of the eu pays more than australia (nothing against it it's just quite strange)
@lance: si lo so che la versione asterion non sara' la ks, infatti non ho intenzione di rinunciare al pledge. la mia richiesta e': visto che ci sara' la traduzione, e' possibile scegliere come backer la lingua italiana al posto di quella inglese?
ugh $30 to ship to hawaii, .  . . almost as much as shipping to nz or australia.   not good, i wasn't expecting $10 at all, $20 sure, but three times the rate . . . .
looks like cmon is trying to lower shipping costs everywhere they can. places like canada and australia seem quite a bit cheaper than their earlier ks games. some places are still expensive to ship too. at least vat won't be an issue for most row backers.
so to maryland usa shipping is $9.63 for 1 core box, and $12.10 for 2 core boxes... i decided to stick with 1 core box though
@lance codarin: ce l'ho, ce l'ho se uno finisce su ks significa che è già nelle maglie di bgg :d
@paolo asterion ha già confermato che non sarà la versione ks... e considerando i prezzi che ti tira blood rage sarà come minimo 60/70 euro... confronta poi con il fatto che non avrai nessuna espansione inclusa nel prezzo e nessuna esclusiva ks... si direi che conviene ampiamente restare su ks (anche perché c'è talmente poco testo da tradurre) @mikademus shakes hands @elassar: se hai un account bgg vai a vederti il putiferio che si sta scatenando sul forum
@poppenx i know, but that means i have to create a new account and link my credit card to it. and linking my credit card to something that i'll never use again is dumb and insecure. only offering one payment method (that actually differs from the original payment method for the kickstarter) is absurd in itself. regardless of how "easy" it is to use ...
well reading about some flat out unreasonable shipping charges here it seems that my - yet to be defined but probably as i didn't receive yet the pm link - 27 to italy are in a middle ground. nonetheless is not a good policy by cmon say something and then blatantly disregard it. i wonder about the reasons behind such over-charges it could help to understand if we get some explanations. as it is now i tend to imagine they charge proportionally to the interest rates of that country bonds or in my case to pass over the alps with elephants hannibal's style xd
@lance codarin: ok *shakes hands*
i know asterion will translate the game in italian. is it possible to have the kickstarter version in italian?
from bgg by thiago: "shipping is a fickle mistress. for most countries, the shipping has fallen within a reasonable margin of our estimates. but there are always a few countries with exceptional shipping charges (due to circumstances out of our control). greece and iceland are actually the 2 eu countries that ended up with the highest shipping rates... " let's hope on some clarifications soon!
@yannis partially agree! this is not exactly "eu friendly" in the sense they charge you a lot for shipping... it is still eu "friendly" though because we surely won't get hit by vat... of course like i said some of these prices are unreasonable
@mikademus that i don't have anything to object!  it's surely reasonable to ask for clarifications! i was just saying that it's too early to accuse someone... i hope thiago or whoever is in charge post campaign is listening and will provide a solution
i sincerely hope cmon can resolve this. first and foremost this has to do with respecting your customers. how is a project considered eu friendly when it charges more than half the product's worth for shipping? on the campaign page it says 15-25 as a rough estimate all the way to 50 for singapore and south america. does the shipping company in germany need a quick lesson in geography?
that's my pm sorted, £15 shipping to the uk is a bargain and a half.
filled out the pm and am now excited for the package to arrive!
"from the comment section in the updates someone posted this; "when it comes to shipping the company is not at fault - shipping companies have decided to rob everyone - every ks has their shipping costs going through the roof - sjg (car wars) is getting major complaints because shipping is 1 1/2 times the cost of the product!!! - other ks are getting the same problem ." . so it seems that it isn't cmon fault this time..." . it might not be cmon's fault but it is their problem: it is utterly irrelevant whose fault it is. it has driven the price up beyond what is acceptable and unless they address it in some satisfactory way will lead to mass cancellations, including my own.
for those asking if a refund is possible (from the main campaign page): refund policy we can refund you within 60 days of the campaign’s end, fees included. after that, we have a policy of no questions asked, though that’s minus kickstarter and payment processing fees (which we can’t get back from them after 60 days). however, if we’ve begun packaging your pledge for shipment (usually 4 to 6 weeks before the actual shipping date), no refunds are possible. if a component cannot be delivered at all, we refund that completely, including fees. all refunds after the 60 days close of the campaign are processed via paypal only. within 60 days refunds are reversed via stripe to your credit card.
@yannis giving how the eu system is treating countries like greece, spain and italy i'm not surprised on seeing this differences... that is quite steep though i hope you can solve it! also this is not cmon fault but the fulfillment company fault (the one in charge of eu distribution)
36 usd to ship to finland. i think there was a promise that the shipping would be 15-25 usd in europe. soi assume we will be able to get a full refund ?
@yannis i would recommend direct contact rather than the forums. you will probably get a response quicker that way.
@elassar  se hai già "pledgato" per il libro non ha senso toglierlo perché il prezzo sembra essere fisso per gli stati... indipendentemente dal fatto che hai o meno solo il gioco base il prezzo per la spedizione in italia è quello così come in spagna è 31 e in altri stati varia... ricorda comunque che il gioco ci arriva dall'america, viene portato in germania e poi spedito a noi per evitare i vat (che credimi è una manna del cielo per noi evitarle) preferisco spendere quei 10 euro in più di quello che mi aspettavo per evitarmi le tasse di importazione piuttosto che beccarmi 50 euro in seguito... @everyone else what i basically said was that i prefer spending about 10 euro more on expected shipping and avoiding vat instead of getting shafted later...
i would appreciate an official response to my question. during the campaign it was stated that the shipping cost for europe would range from 15-25 usd, which is acceptable. but i was about to finalize the pledge manager a few minutes ago i noticed that it was asking for 63.72 usd for shipping!! what is going on? what is the reason for this? i live in greece not australia. i hope you can resolve this because otherwise the chances of me supporting this or your other future projects are zero.
shipping seems to be sky-rocketing, i do not have yet the access to the pm (if i had understood right i had to wait a link via @) but it seems i had to pay more than 1/4 of my pledge - game plus expansion - address in italy. so it looks like a lot like paying a lump sum for the sgs to me xd sadly no adrian smith artbook for me on these premises :'(
with this shipmnet. i think i will only buy the base game
$17 to canada. thats very reasonable. i'm happy. :)
oof!  "only" € 16,32 to pay for shipping to belgium.  i had gotten scared when reading the comments here: double that amount to ship to spain, portugal, sweden etc...  that's plain ridiculous! whenever i order something from china (banggood, aliexpress, ebay, etc...) the shipping is free ! ! !
from the comment section in the updates someone posted this; "when it comes to shipping the company is not at fault - shipping companies have decided to rob everyone - every ks has their shipping costs going through the roof - sjg (car wars) is getting major complaints because shipping is 1 1/2 times the cost of the product!!! - other ks are getting the same problem ." so it seems that it isn't cmon fault this time... on the other hand i noticed that shipping is fixed for the country you live: spain gets around 31, italy 27, germany 13 and so on... so dropping anything that you already pledged for won't change the shipping price... adding may or may not depending on quantities
@matthew federico, that's when you at first tried to log in with a faulty password and/or userid.
£15 for uk shipping and all add-ons.
uh...when i tried to login i found my ip was blocked for security reasons. wtf?
11$ shipping to germany. i paid exactly the same for rum&bones but r&b had much more add-ons
@dv8 you can use a credit card through paypal. i used my mastercard. i got 2 of everything and paid a liitle over $30usd which was ok. the only thing killing me right now is the exchange rate, but i complained enough about that during the campaign;)
31.50$ to spain. douch!
31,5 usd to sweden, thats for base game + 5 player exp.
31,5 usd to ship to sweden :-\
@panagiotis kyriakou - 60% of your shipping costs went to the imf :d (just kidding)
$31.50 for shipping to spain within eu, great way to fulfill the estimate "about $15-$25 in the eu", great way to piss off people...
63$ for shipping to greece ?????they must be joking right 15-25 $ was the estimate and it'sbover 250℅ up???
shipping to canada was $22.70 for the base game and expansion.
"should be $15-$25 in the eu" - so why pledge manager tells me it's $35.33, just for the basic game?
i got 13ish for base plus expansion, or 12ish for just base. this is for shipping to new york. i am waiting till tomorrow to decide if i want the expansion. the difference in shipping is negligible so i will likely add the expansion.
while i can't afford to address the pledge manager for another week or two (money's tight in the first half of may this year) i'm glad to see the warnings about postage rates.
shipping to new zealand: $30.51 very close to what i was expecting.  i know its expensive to ship things to here... (makes *everything* so much more expensive than in the us...)
sorry for all of you who got hit by high shipping fees.... to germany it is quite n1, about 10$
quite annoying that i have to use another payment method for the shipping ... why not just allow us to use our credit card?
is it possible that the shipping rates become lower as soon as you add more stuff? 50 for only shipping seems really out of place for only base game
some of those shipping fees are really outrageous! i agree with others that you should start looking for better shipping rates! my rates were in the range of what i expected (usually when someone says "between x or y" i always calculate that i will end towards the higher... was never wrong on that
for reference, shipping the game + 5th player expansion + the art book to the us totaled $13.32 which was fortunately within the estimated range. for those getting any error message (i got error 400 on my kindle fire), i switched over to my galaxy s5 and it worked fine.
it works for me (and also $17,66 for shipping to belgium)
i had hoped to get the art book on top of my $100 pledge but that with shipping that adds another $48.40 (uk) and we have just had to buy a new washing machine :(.  surprised to find that dropping the book had no impact on shipping cost.  can't add much weight to the parcel then or stays within a particular shipping band.  still feel lucky that my shipping is within range of estimate, some of those eu ones are shocking.
ok, so i am not the only one getting a error 500 when trying to login to the pm?
please tell me the procedure for refund. not going to pay $55 for a $75 product!
maybe they deliver by drakkar and that's the reason for those costs. it's making me think about dropping b-sieged unfortunately.
"you ip was blocked for security reason. please wait few minutes." good job for blocking me after clicking on "i don't know my password" trollers :p
got a 400 in the login ... great lol!
sorry i should have added 27 shipping to italy
an order of 100$ total plus 27$ shipping... a bit on the upper side of the estimate! but looking at what we get i think it should be normal?
edit for the below comment: shipping to the netherlands comes out at $17.66 for the $75 pledge.
uk gave me $23.40 so slightly on the upper of the range they gave (as would be expected for a germany send out)
or to be more precise: $17,66
@digital: $18 here, for the netherlands ;)
nothing here on the pledge manager. but is shipping is really as high as people are saying it'll be i think i'll back out of this asap.
just to spell it out, $31.50 is 110% more than the low estimate! *furious*
no email here. i did get the survey and confirmed in that, but no email for pm.
i got mine, and done and dusted!
i have not received an email concerning the pledge manager yet ... but if shipping costs are too high, i'll ask for a refund.
cmon, you guys really have an issue with shipping costs estimations.
cmon wtf?? am i supposed to pay 63 dollars for shipment on a 100 dollar order to iceland (within europe)???? that's so far out of the 15-25 dollar range that i'm furious...
paypal only for the shipping?
it's $27,1 here which is definitely out of the 15-25 range. :(
does anyone know for how long the pledge manager will be open?
wtf cmon? estimated shipping to eu was 15 to 20 usd. now you're hitting me for $31.50?! that's half the entire base game cost and $70 already is a steep price! this better be a mistake...
yup! pledge manager is live (though i will wait until paycheck day tomorrow to complete my order)
was checking to see if there's any tracking numbers on my zombicide pledge and saw that i have blood rage in my pledge manager for cmon.
yeeesssssssss!
@balgin stondraeg: i hope it's not the case as i pledged also to have something to toy with while i wait conan by monolith :p @cmon: thanks for the quasi-update ^^
@cmon, thanks, good to hear :)
cool :-)
thanks cmon! for the glory!
@cmon great news!
typically one that means we need to wait 'til about 4 months after the americans get theirs :p.
hey, just wanted to check-in. not really update worthy, but i wanted everybody to know that the pledge manager is in the near future. we have to finalize a few more details. we don't have a definitive date yet, but keep an eye on your inboxes.
what courier do cmon use for eu deliveries? as i've had trouble with fedex before.
thanks
@ arthur - not as yet.
the pledge manager has not been sent out right?
what's the material for the miniatures?, i forgot
@sapuyapu yes i have tried contacting them and they stated that i would have the refund within one to two weeks. three weeks later and a dozen emails and contact here no reply and no refund. to say i am annoyed is a little bit of an understatement.
don't forget the others 7 sins possibly in june/july (rumour)
b-sieged on the 28th
@pete haven't you got a response yet? i asked for a refund to, and mr. casey replied very quickly and said that there's no problem. so i would try contacting them again if you really haven't heard anything until now (for all the others: i didn't asked for a refund because i don't want to back cmon anymore, but b-sieged is coming tomorrow and black plague at the end of may^^)
i have requested a refund on this project three weeks ago and i am wondering if there is a problem or can i have an update.
i hope the pm comes soon, i am so looking forward to painting these figs!
not until now. will come middle of may i guess.
has the pledge manager been unleashed yet? i've got money burning in my pockets!
@char thank you for posting!!!!!! happy day !!!!
you can even see his file tree in some images arcadia quest/new expansions/cards/ looks like were fighting demons in the next one!
arcadia quest expansion images!!!!: https://instagram.com/andrewcockroach/ he's the artist for arcadia quest, he has tons of art up for the next expansion, including box art, characters, new powers like intimidate and even a new feature pets/minions!
lmao
yeh but i have to plough through loads of crap re other kss to see any updates, answers to questions etc, then another idiot posts the same crap and on it goes-best if you see a plug for your project, that's it leave it! irony alert i'm now taking up space about it-see prats!!!!
@jonathan there is nothing wrong with what @loig did. this campaign is over so it doesn't hurt this campaign at all. if you don't like what someone writes just skip over that comment and ignore it instead of being rude to that person
i actually kind of like it. i wouldn't have known otherwise.
@loig there was nothing offensive about posting the link. people do it a lot. it does not hurt anyone and to my knowledge is not breaking any "rules". if someone does not like it, they can easily skip it. :d
but i would like to respectfully apologise if i have in any way offended the spirit of this community. that was in no way my intention.
if you say so... i was just being passionate. it's not like it's my own campaign or anything
there is no need to do adds for other kikstarters on this page anyone who is online hear would already have taken a look at what is for offer better to try blog sites but you might get blacklisted if u drive them mad .all backers care about is when they will get there game placeing adds hear is just a wast of time and silly.
hey guys, let's go support this awesome cyberpunk boardgame: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1803723298/human-interface-nakamura-tower
@cmon, could i ask who were the sculptors behind the figures? they are so good!
@fran why would someone drop out because of the pledge manager isn't there yet? it takes some time before anyone is getting access to it, that's nothing new.
not a mini game but it is a viking theme and it is not a budget breaker. 21$ includes shipping in the us, can, and the eu. give it a peek peeps. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/meromorphgames/norsaga/comments
@danimal13, that was just the survey, it gives them an idea of numbers required etc-the pm is where you choose for real and pay up! :)
@fran didn't they send out a questionnaire about what you'd like?
if the  pledge manager takes much longer to come out, peoples gonna drop this ks im afraid...
+1@paul auto backer would be great^^ well... maybe not for my wallet though...
@paul s, yep that could be an idea! lol. @ michael w, ok :)
considering b-sieged, zombicide black plague, and the others all coming in the next 2-3 months (and who knows what after) i think cmon should just make an "autobacker" account so we can save the time of having to back each project individually.
no problem, we can discuss it at boardgamegeek or someplace. cheers :)
@michael w, really?  i said that (after watching the vids etc) i thought it was a zombicide clone! all you said was that in your opinion the figs were better than zombicides, to be fair i can't say as i do not own any vh figs, do you?  i stated that this is the blood rage ks and that i was tired of the plugs-fair i think, as you were the 5th person plugging it!
looking forward to the blood rage pledge manager? me too! in the meantime, people might want to check this out if you haven't already: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1900818244/vampire-hunters
lol, more complaining. you wanted to talk about vh here when you called it a zombicide clone, but then i pointed out that it's really not, and now it's just too tiring for you to talk about it here. you are funny :)
@michael w, hmmm, your point is what? you seem to only wish to plug another game on this ks which if it was only you or another (since this is finished) it wouldn't be too bad but look back a few posts before doing it in future? as you back more projects you'll learn this. :)
yeh, mostly just complaining to complain, since nobody else is posting here now anyway ... lol.
@michael w, more because at least three peeps on all the kss i've backed are plugging it-you were 5th on here and another will probably pop up! so yeh tiring, oh yeh....lol.
yeah, so tiring, because there are so many other comments being posted here lol.
@agreave personally i don't like zombicide clones... it feels kinda cheap (i haven't looked at any of those vampire games yet, and probably won't^^)
@sapuyapu, yep it's getting a bit tiring reading them! the figs are ok but the gameplay is clunky imo, my choice for a 'querky' vampire game is "requiem-vampire knight", and that is most definitely not a zombicide clone! :)
wow vampire hunters really getting a advertisement spam in here^^
the vampire hunters minis look better than zombicide in my opinion: http://boardgamegeek.com/videos/thing/171964/vampire-hunters
sorry, dropped an eb on that as its just a zombicide clone but with added odd bits!
second the vampire hunters ks well worth a look
and after that zombicide: black plague (new standalone fantasy version)
can't do that loig, b-sieged starts on the 28th.
hey guys, come and check out vampire hunters boardgame, they got pretty cool miniatures. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1900818244/vampire-hunters
*seems… it seems…" damn repetitions
vampire hunters seems more in line with games like tannhauser it seems… though it's a fellow italian living in usa i won't back it… i have plenty of other games still to play and waiting for deliver!
b sieged ks on the 28th so pennies tight :)
....and it is not the same like zombicide! just for the first look
@ jason perkinson : i think vampire hunters looks very cool
@sakerio i just went and checked out that vampire hunters ks here you posted. i liked it, and think my gaming group will enjoy playing it as well. so thank you for posting about it.
dunno if it's your guys thing but the guy who made the pathfinder acg (mike selinker) has a new kickstarter up: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/loneshark/the-apocrypha-adventure-card-game/description
just thought i would post here to check out vampire hunters ks. very nice mini's and a cool gameplay as well.
@arthur dixon - you haven't missed it, still hasn't been sent. :)
i'm useless at this ks stuff i think i panic at the technology but ... has the pledge manager gone out yet?
@lance codarin sadly cmon tends to go all silent when their kss ends and only rarely put up updates and they don't seem to respond to comments, my guess is they are to busy finishing their other kss.
that was just an example but too bad...  i think an update somewhere down the line should come at least to entertain us with something to discuss... or is cmon usually silent when he finishes a project?
@lance codarin - i'm afraid we have seen all the mystics upgrades cards. there are only 3 of them and the identical set is added when playing with 4+ players. so no loki's chosed, etc:(
ehy cmon any news on anything? just to keep discussing this game! i don't know let us see all the mystics cards or anything else on the gods of asgard?
@jason go to rivetwars.com, there is a contact section there where you can send emails to support@cmon.com. send them an email with your complaint. i've had some problems with bad molded    figures in the past and i did get replacements, good luck :-)
hey guys, i know it's not the same game, but i was hoping someone might be able to assist me.  i just bought the rivet wars heavy metal set and was so disappointed to find my set missing the card pack for everything inside and now i can't use any of the figures.  i paid a pretty penny for this and know it was sealed as i opened it myself, anyone know what i should do?  i tried to message them through cmon but am worried they might not respond or it might take forever?
@vadim thanks! now i have to decide what project i'm going to skip... blood rage or b-sieged^^ going to back black plague no matter what so it very hard to decided... well i'll see what i'm going to do^^ anyway thanks again!
what agreave said. i'm going for the refund. they have a "no questions asked" policy, see all the way down at the campaign page. i did add in my message that i needed the funds for zombicide black plague. i'll keep on backing cmon, just have to make choices. i used the contact creator button, see if that gets a reply, if not i'll use the support mail address they mention in their pledge manager mails.
cmon offer a 60 day money back promise-as do quite a few other ks's.
@vadim so you can just say to cmon "i want to back out and get a refund"? thought since the pledge is collected you can't back out? did you just wrote to cmon via ks? still considering if i want blood rage or b-sieged more...
@vadim so you can just say to cmon "i want to back out and get a refund"? thought since the pledge is collected you can't back out? did you just wrote to cmon via ks? still considering if i want blood rage or b-sieged more...
i decided to back out. i hadn't anticipated another zombicide project and i can't back every game cmon puts out.
by the goats i'm waiting for the ruska - ottoman wave of rivet wars. have to moderate my kickstarter activity until then...
@paul  exactly! i just try to ignore b-sieged before i end up liking it to much... i want to save my money for bp and maybe one or another project on ks... but there are way to many projects i would like to support... :/
i've purposely kept myself as uninformed as possible about b-sieged.  i know it exists and will start this month, but have no idea about gameplay, etc. since i know i want to back z'cide: bp and the others.  too many games, and this is only counting cmon ksers!!!
@vadim yeah i can understand u very good... but i don't know much about b-sieged, so i don't know if this game can really grab me :| well i think i have to skip b-sieged, because i'm really excited about black plague... we'll see^^'
damn, with b-seiged soon on ks and them zombicide black plague, i'm considering if i should ask a refund and drop this game. i can't back every cmon project and the other two look more appealing to my taste. i'm also hoping on a sequel to arcadia quest. but on the other hand i love the minis from blood rage. difficult decision.
@ovatha71 - it was a poor choice of words. i'll often say expansion when i mean sequel.
that's what i thought... i don't know why he say that !!!!
black plague is a full game, not an expansion.
@jeffrey olsen  where did you see that zombicide black plague is a expansion and not a new game ??
@jason, in the update they posted here it says around the end of april as well. i haven't found anything further narrowing it down yet.
i think on facebook cmon stated something like "end of april" for the b-sieged game. very interested in the game myself, just hope that we might get a look at the rules beforehand like they did for blood rage.
i know i asked the other day but never heard any sort of response, anyone know how close we are to b-sieged launching on here yet? i know it was estimated at april and was hoping it might be soon though i couldn't remember what part of april they were hinting at.
@the schwartz - yeah, totally. it really depends on why you're making the vid. and the audience falls into many camps, too. i know i don't want to read the rules, so i want more of a tutorial, and others want to read the rules first, so a tutorial is boring. takes all kinds!
i guess you're right at @jeffrey, it depends on the audience, may the goats be with ya! ;-)
@the schwartz - i disagree. obviously, you're not going over everything, but i think if you're going to demo a game you should assume that your audience has no experience. i felt that in the rw vid, i should have some experience with the rules beforehand, which i don't - that may be why i only watched 5-10 min of it. watching the jogando vid, on the other hand, i felt like i didn't need to know the rules before (and i still haven't read them), but i felt they did an adequate job of showing and explaining the game. and i'll be the first to admit they're a little too kitschy for me, but i guess that's a taste thing.
right you are @jeffrey a demo should show the game in action, not a walk through of all the possible rules and combinations, by the goats! ;-)
@the schwartz - yeah, as much as i watched it that was pretty good. but i think jogando might have done a better job of rule explanation - admittedly, i only watched a small bit of the rivet wars vid. the problem that i see is that most videos explain everything, and they would be great resources if they were watchable. in contrast, the jogando vid was over the top and kitschy, but i was able to finish it (in 3 sittings). whereas the rw video, while the presenters have presence, i felt like there was something i needed to do before watching the video.
@don and @jefrey here's how a good gameplay video should be, this is of rivet wars: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@jeffrey olsen - can't argue with your reasoning - it's just wishful thinking:)
@don true, but i'm willing to wager those are the parts that are most likely not finalized. and the mystics may be powerful, but they require multiple cards. whereas you have the existing giant who kills everything, win or lose. i just don't see an additional video being a high priority with the optional additions. if they're not final rules, then it provides no help. and even if they are final, they have other things to do - namely finishing other elements and working on the zombicide black plague expansion. more videos are more likely when it would be most beneficial - near retail. but most pledgers have already pledged for the game, so there's no need to sell them on it.
@jeffrey olsen - i'm more concerned in assessing some balancing issues that i'm concerned about. shamanas / mystisc seem way overpowered (although technically an expansion) and some ugpgrades seem much more useful than the others. also, fenrir has some potential to make the game chaotic. seeing all of it in one video would help see how it really plays out.
the video was really bad, the rum&bones video was much better.
@agreave - yeah, it was over the top but once i got used to it i found it much easier to watch than the dry, deadpan videos for other games
and that vid was soooo over the top acted, please no more-i beg you!!!!!!!!
@don but the game is only 90% done, which is an arbitrary estimation on its own, so a further gameplay video might not be the same as the final product. the current vid showed several of the possible strategies and served as a decent preview of the game. i don't see how an additional video of an unfinished product could necessarily sway your mind more than just re watching the existent one. ymmv
@caleb o'brien - as for me, it's quite the contrary. i'm still on the fence ($1 pledge). i would really like to see how the game plays out in a more technical gameplay video. the game looks great but i have some major doubts about mechanics and the high price doesn't help either. a solid gameplay video would definitely be a plus.
oh @jeffery, i totally agree. i don't need another video, and i certainly don't want it to delay production. there were just people calling for another. it would be cool, but it is certainly not a requirement.
@caleb at this stage of the game, i don't need hype or promotion. i'm backing, and my money is spent (not just pledged). i'd rather they hold off on videos until they have finalized content.
anyone know how close we are to b-sieged lunching on here yet?  i know it was estimated at april and was hoping it might be soon.
another gameplay video would be cool, although maybe not an entire. just a highlights reel from several games, and the gods and the mystics are both expansions and i don't know if you'd play them together.
@nivesh +1
would really appreciate if the creators could upload a gameplay before pm with all the stretch goals included! thanks
damn. wrong game. face palm.
what would conan say he enjoyed more, rescuing the princess or killing all the dog scum on his way to her?  it's all about the journey.
@nathan, you're fine mate imo as this is a 'finished' ks. only bad form on a live project-and thanks for the info :)
not sure of the etiquette on this, nor do i normally share other projects.  but, for fellow rpg players here is a project for a viking themed pathfinder adventure. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/adventureaweek/into-the-wintery-gale-pathfinder-rpg-adventure/updates
still be before conan, lol :p
@tim johnson probably won't happen. normally the pledge manager is send out a few months after funding. i guess we'll get access to the pledge manager in may/june
have they said if we will get the pledge manager this month?
ohhh that wolf looks goooood....   must say i am impressed with the look of all of the minis and am eagerly anticipating the arrival of this in the post.  good job guys.
@ paul i have seen the dust stuff and i am rather impressed with them
@pete - i believe it's a step up from the zombicide plastic.  your best bet to get a really good idea of what to expect is to try and see some dust:tactics minis in person as they will be the same plastic.
great news about the mystics :-d thank you for listening cmon fenrir looks fantasic, can´t wait to paint it!!!
@gabriel - they're the same size as conan. 32 iirc
is the plastic being used like that used in zombiecide 3's figures?
hey guys, just curious... in the gameplay video these minis look bigger than zcide minis. am i mistaken, or are these dudes huge?
cor'blimey that is one hell of a wolf and well worth the wait
@gianlucka - the part where it says "if you are a $1 backer (or didn't select any reward level)" should have made it clear that you do not have to do anything.
fenrir looks amazing as do all the figures. your design team has done an amazing job! can't wait to get the game and see them in the flesh and to play it.
i approve of fenrir and mystics! i wasn't bothered by shaman at all but it's ok!
faster than a speeding goat pulled chariot!
damn @punk - by the goats! you beat me to it ;-)
@gianluca you do not have to do anything yet. when the pledgemanager opens you can specify what ever you want. the pledgemanager is a sort of a final check on what you want, and where it should be shipped to :-)
@gianiuca - this email (and update #32) was about the ks survey, which is used mainly to get your contact info to cmon.  the link to the real pledge manager where you can select your options and buy optional purchases will be sent to you at a later date.
mystics > shamans.  also, fenrir looks great!
this email arrived to me: hail brothers and sisters! first off, let me clarify something about the survey that was sent out last week: if you are a $1 backer (or didn't select any reward level) the survey will not be sent to you and you won't be able to fill it out. don't worry, though. you'll still be included in the pledge manager system and will be able to indicate how many pledges you want, how many optional buys, and pay for your full pledge and shipping. now, on to the fun stuff. after much deliberation, we've finally decided on the final name for "the-vikings-who-used-to-be-called-shamans". i present to you the mystics of midgard! the problem is that i've already paid 75 dollars and selected the other items to buy (5 players exp and the book), so, what do i have to do?!?
the big bad ass wolf!  by the goats this is totally approved, and the mystics name is a good choice. now just waiting for the final sculpt of  thor ;-)
that face. fenrir is gonna eat me! he came out better than i hoped. worthy of legend.
i am happy with the name. they all do look quite mystic like :) also holy hell that wolf looks amazing!
looks great, any chance of a scald pic of it next to one of the other viking figures?
kick-ass! really can't wait! looking good!
worth the wait ... so great
amazing update. love the final name choice and love the sculpt. wow. so good.
love the name and the wolf sculpt looks awesome. clearly you've been feeding it a lot of goats! can't wait to get this later in the year.
@ creator - for the record mystics was my suggestion in the original update asking for them!
can't wait to get some paint on that guy.
well that update just made it that much harder to wait until september!
also thanks cmon for the update info and damn fenris looks great!!!!
has anyone else's backer history gone blank?
by the gods, that is a gorgeous sculpt!
i got the survey email but i can't seem to get to it. i chose the $75 level.  please help.
i pledged 75$ after fenris was announced but kickstarter never accepted the change from no reward to 75$ level. it said it did but when the campaign was over it had me stuck at no reward
played kemet again last night and it has me excited for this game.  some similarities in the different factions starting off equal but buying the power tiles to create asymmetric powers.
@der speigel. - i was with you on the ancient egyptians that would be great, but arthur and co in dark age briton would be awesome.
@Þráinn gunnlaugur Þorsteinsson - usually the cmon pledge manager (not the ks one) lets you adjust your shipping address until a few weeks before shipping.  i think you're safe until the containers leave china or until they print the shipping labels, so probably august. (*checks other pending project*) yep, the address can still be modofied.
@thiago, i've just finished the survey and started thinking about the shipping address. i may have to move before september, will i have an option to change the shipping address i gave up in the survey right before shipping starts? (changing it in the pledge manager wouldn't do me any good because i don't know if i have to move until later this summer).
@jason according to people on the arcadia quest forum cmon have said they have no intention of another arcadia quest ks, but they are releasing some sort of dragon scenerio. there are pics on the forum and on boardgamegeeks of the dragon.
@der speigel, if you only pledged at the $1 level, you won't get the survey but you'll still get access to the pledge manager. at least that's what thiago said in the comments section of the new update.
@8th pagan- that would be cool i was kinda hoping for adrian smith egyptians but britons/cells would be cool. adrian smith designed nuckaleave would be pretty epic.
right but what we're concerned about is if we don't get to fill out the survey how will cmon send us the pledge manager
@whodat - the kickstarter survey comes before the pledge manager. the survey is just to help plan what they will 'probably need to make'. the pledge is where you commit to the items you want to buy and will follow some time after the survey.
.... art update....something....?
i only received the kickstarter email... have they released the one for blood rage already?
that would be nice, but the next cmon ks is b-sieged.  www.b-sieged.com.  was really hoping for the next rivet wars or arcadia quest.
ok... next game by cmon should be a dark ages britain. i need some angry scots, mythical creatures and saxons for my next rpg. merlin, arthur, lancelot, guinevere and friends. my money is waiting to be pledged, so get on with it :)
just wondering if those of us who chose the no reward pledge due to lack of funds will also be receiving the survey due to now having enough funds to take a more active part ?
@nall if you add an extra ragnarok pledge in the pledge manager later you will get this, yes by the goats! ;-)
i miss dwarfs and black elves. and there should be card with them as well. how about a card with black elves and dwarves you can play in battle, but it doesn't give you str. it just give the winner/ a misfortune ( a litle like loki but with another twist)
@buissonnet; for the zombicide s3 ks they charged shipping after they closed the pledge manager, so they had an exact price for each order depending on size and destination.  you get invoiced for that amount with a deadline if you want to be sure your order goes out on time.
i emailed cool mini but no response yet
i found where it should be but kickstarte would never l et me change my reward from no reward since i initially only pledged a dollar.
for $180 pledge i wanted 2 blood rage core games and 1 fifth player expansion and all other unlocked kick starter bonuses should be doubled because of buying 2 blood rage core game sets! let me know if this is correct? thank you my email is 22mikenall@gmail.com
@agreave - that was my thought as well. unfortunately, my spam folder is empty:( but thank you for the suggestion!
i need to update my survey.
@don, mine went into the 'spam' folder, have you checked there! :)
i also did not get the second email - only the ks update:(
he he @zenlein! - by the ozone divine!
where is the option for the goats? xd
man, shouldn't have done the survey on my phone, somehow in the rush of work, left out the "c" in com from my email address.  i hope they'll notice as it is fairly obviously but just in case i messaged them.  wish there was a way i could edit it.
if anyone like disturbing, epic, and amazing female fantasy and sci-fi figures. go check out the new raging heroes kickstarter.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/loudnraging/tgg2-light-and-darkness
@sebastien-its full of adrian smith artwork
i'm not seeing the survey guys
just did the survey. wish there was something that could really convince me to get the book.
hey guys, this is just the kickstarter survey. it is the built in mechanism from kickstarter themselves after a campaign finishes that cmon use only to get your email and to get a rough idea of everyones wants. . cmon does not rely on this survey for final orders and shipping. cmon will at a latter date, send out invitations to their own pledge manager. . when we get access to cmons own pledge manager (in approx another couple of months) you will then be able to adjust your pledge and order as much as you want of anything and then pay for shipping. . the biggest thing to get right in this first ks survey is your ‘email address’ that cmon will rely on for future communications. they are also just trying to get and idea of what extras (art book & expansion) that may be required from the 9,825 backers of this project, just for their plaining requirements. . if you put down you want ‘1 art book’ now, you will still be able to adjust that amount when you get cmon’s own pledge manager later.  . so how you answer the questions now does not commit you to your response and adjustments up or down will be available to you later.
i'm also still waiting on an email.
no email for me, not sure what to do
by the goats! still waiting for an updatecon sculpt progressprogress! for the ozone divine!
shipping cost*
when will be charge the shipping costume?  it wasn't ask in the survey to adjust our pledge for including them?
@majbrown thanks mate. most appreciated.  :)
@ mick - it's just art
hi guys, just wanted to seek some advice prior to filling in the survey. does the artbook contain any gaming content? scenarios etc? or will it just be art?
@adam, i received 2 emails, first was "response needed!.." and second was "project update"; one the response needed one there should be a "respond now" green radio button, press it and it should take you to the survey
oops, found it, everything is good!  ragnarok, bring it on!
filled it in but it directed me here... any way we can see what we completed?
i hate to say it though cool mini usually takes a lot longer then their estimated dates. you might be looking at holidays or 2016 before you get it. but that's kickstarter for you
@coralline.. thanks, but i dont have the banner!! tried everything!
and while i wait for this i just want to listen "wake me up when september ends" (green day). don't know why... x-d
please i dont  receive any survey sent. can you look it
survey sent!!! now... this will be a long waiting time.
survey done! question time: will we be able to provide addirtional information to the courier (eg: phone number in case i'm not home for the deliver) at a later date?
survey done, now the waiting game starts.
@adam - it's at the top of this page in a banner. click "respond now" @cmon - please let us add extra troll and giant figures.
@ahn - there is a shaman for the wildboars...  the wildboar and ram shamans were both unlocked at the $750k sg.
hey guys, im a bit of a noob here.. but where do i find the survey? nothing was sent to my email...
@anh the wildboar (and the ram) clans both got their shamans unlocked at 750k.
this is just a pre-pm. keep cool! ;)
so are most people here miniature painters/collectors?  are any interested in lord of the ice garden, another viking game, more about the game than the minis though
@ batmann don't worry, it will probably be delaid...
so the serpent warriors are all females but their shaman is a guy and raven shaman is a woman? and there will be no shaman for the wildboar as well? killing a bit of the hype here...
i was told i could double pledge, but i didn't see an option for it during the survey. i hope cmon or not takes this into account for the pm
woohoo! backer survey submitted �
i'm not going to be in the country when this is shipped... i am hoping that it gets shipped early >.<!
@cmon will there be a chance for backers to buy a seconde set of all the monsters, exclusives and stretch goals as well? i would like more gribblies without having to buy two sets.
i'm bored! give me something, a better gameplay video at least?
ah, thank you schwartz.
did any one get their pledge managers yet
by the goats! i'm pussled too @sapuyapu, and bored, not much activity as of late ;-)
@jonathan tilbury i don´t understand the question to be honest... what backers are pulling out were? and what does wwe has to do with blood rage? o.o
can anyone tell me why backers r pulling out of wwe kikstarter it is veary strange
@cmon  is there a way to have my account charged automatically or in advance?  i will be deployed for a bit and may not have access to the email which will ask for the final details.
thank you
the last update said the end of april for b-sieged.
@cmon when does b.sieged go live? i asked on fb right after you posted about it but never got a response.
@abba - yes, all your shipping stuff will be done in the pledge manager.
i need to change my address for shipping i assume i can do that in the pledge manager?
you can add it later @linus when pledge manager arrives :-)
i have pledged 75$. i also want the 5th player expansion. can i add that now?
he @punk - nice one! ;-)
for me, they could be sacrificing the goats, if that improves overall quality. :^p
no dont rush them as i want a lovely sculpt of it
;-)
oh yes @paul, they might be making the goat steed driven chariot for the finished sculpt of thor ya know! by the ozone divine!
@thiago - if we can rush them without sacrificing quality i vote for that. :)
@skazz: as soon as we get the final fenrir sculpt picture i'll make sure to share it with you guys. we don't want to rush the sculptors on that though, right?
can we have an update with new fenris pictures please. want to see the final model :-)
@jeffrey - agreed to an extent.  zombicide had way more sgs than this and even with that i received all of my pledge on time (base game 2 months early and the angry neighbors expansion + sgs by the estimated time).  the z'cide base game must have been near complete when the campaign was going on in order for them to be sitting in a warehouse taking up space by december.  if this game is as complete as they stated i could see it shipping early or at the very least right on time.
@paul from my experience the zombicide 3 situation was an anomaly because they had to clear warehouse space. i'd bet that it is more likely to go late than early.
thanks @bjorn. and yeah, i'm with @viyullas... can tomorrow be september?
@thomas. yes, both copies will come with strech goals.
i'm certain this has already been addressed in the comments and i sincerely apologize for my search-fu failure, but... i have decided i'd like to pick up a second copy of the game to give as a gift. when the pledge manager opens, if i add a second copy to my pledge will i receive a second set of ks exclusives and stretch goals?
is it september yet? :(
yessir! @david! may the goats provide! ;-)
i want at least a mini update   can't wait for that
hoping for a big fat update soon.
i will just be happy to get everything on time
that would be nice to get it early. my weekly board game friends are in need of a new game and this is perfect since we generally have 5 at a time playing.
i hope so, and for more reason than the obvious "i want it".
@christopher - i bet it varies from project to project.  i backed zombicide s3 and i received the base game two months early, and received the rest of it on time.  i would think with how complete the game supposedly is going into this campaign that it has a chance of shipping before the estimated date.
@ christopher beller: i don have the impression that cmon is early with sending the goods. i backed the bases and they're over a month late now. and not sure if the game itself was highly anticipated - but the miniatuires most certainly are! ;-)
so does anyone have any idea about how long the late plegde deal will last?
so how likely is it that this could possibly ship earlier than september?  i know cmon is no stranger to kickstarter, but i have only backed one other cmon project  (zombicide season 2), and i do not remember if that was early, late or right on time. with this being 90% finished already, is there a good possibility we could have this in our hands by sometime this summer? i know that this is one of my most anticipated games i have purchased. so i am very excited to get it.
if you want something post apocalyptic but quirky you could always try out wasteman :-) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2032267828/wasteman-a-game-of-desperate-conflicts-in-a-desola
agreed @david they should have set their fund targets higher and priced lower. but by the goats!  it looks great. to steep for me though ;-) for the ozone divine! ;-)
and horribly overpriced, bobby, sorry to say. they are quite well sculpted though.
the edge a ks in a different style but with amazing miniatures for a post-apocaliptic steampunk universe. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/awakenrealms/the-edge-new-miniature-universe…
i was just over on conan and their refund period ends on the 11th of april, so expect our pm's to begin arriving from the 12th ( i would hope ). on that note, ( if the refund period is the same ? ) would the pm's for blood rage begin to arrive on the 18th of may ?
@joe: my educated guess will be the first week of april though i wish before. it's amusing how br and conan ks seem to have just the same people. i do believe that the cross-over potential boosted a lot br campaign and i'm so glad for it ;)
anyone know when the conan pm opens up?
@jack unfortunately really gone off playing computer games over the last year or so, might be due to the fact my kids can now beat me at them :-)
video game... nahhh
@baldypat the next big ks rush is here! halcyon 6! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kenseto/halcyon-6-starbase-commander/description
oh dear no one talking time to back the phroggs kikstarter can't wait untill our next blood rage update games like this is what makes kikstarter fun thanks for all the hard work so far blood rage team
yessir @bakdypat, by the thrice blessed goats! i'm hoping that the ruska/ottoman wave of rivet wars will come soon.;-)
@baldypat: let us know what you find. ;-)
yup post ks blues, no more regular updates, comments have all but dried up... time to back another project for that ks rush lol :-)
yessir @david, kind of slow here, people are starting to use the forum for other things... ;-)
need an update....
was there ever an update for shamans if you pick one that matches your clan?
@angelripper: ok, dann schick ich morgen ne mail.
@melekh  der pledgemanager von conan ist noch nicht online.
danke. wie lange läuft der pledgemanager noch? dann schau ich, was ich man ordern kann.
@melekh emailadresse ist in meinen profil schreib mich einfach an.
@angelripper: cool, da wäre ich dabei. wie sollen wir's machen?
@melekh geht auch bei conan.
@angelripper: wäre toll, wenn das auch noch bei conan ginge :(
more and more like a market this, maybe the goats will be on offer later ;-)
da hier so viele noch bei rum & bones mitmachen wollen, biete ich mich an für 60,- euro aufwandsentschädigung/porto/riskio für euch mitzubestellen.
the goats - the goats! by the ozone divine! i forgot to mention the goats! ;-)
i don't know @gabriel, i guess all banks seem to act as if they're kind of greedy when it comes to transactions ;-)
@gem abed i don't think the prices for the gods and shaman expansions have been announced, but i wasn't here during the early parts of the kickstarter so i might be mistaken.
@the schwartz my (swedish) bank always charges 1,5% fee when i pay in any foreign currency. maybe danish banks have a similar practice?
@gem my guess is some where between $40 and $50 for an expansion in retail. would shure like a tanngrisnir and tanngnjóstr and hel with glamr plus níðhöggr ecpansion. sure miss them goats ;-)
the gods expansion was already unlocked as a sg when i backed,  and the shamans were just announced as well.  i'm curious what the original cost of these two expansions was,  and if anyone can tell me?  thanks.
@renato lule thanks for letting people in on your rum & bones pledge. i've already sent you a message on facebook.
nice one @jensen ;-)
i feel that with the resounding success of this project we should at least get a extra thing, like a t-shirt or something, maybe with the words: "i backed blood rage and i didn't even get any goats..." :-)
@thiago we're starving for more updates haven't you got some pictures and updates of sculpting progress and other news by the goats! ;-) i mean, you must be over the hang overs from the finishing party at this stage ;-)
@jason l, if you're interested in rum and bones still, you could message me on facebook or email me. i'm helping a few people out already by getting them in on my pledge manager. you can find the info if you go to my profile and look at my past comments.
@koen i partly agree, changing the name will not change game.  but it will make the product more complete quality wise. in the end it's up to the creators if they want change the name. i still recommend seer as the best popular name, since the magick users in nordic are clairvoyant beings with magic capabilities :) and hey! i miss me goats ;-)
#shaman.. i feel like changing the name is only a minor thing for these. because the only thing that feels magical or mystic about these are the sculpts. the 3 cards could just as well apply to a "warmaster". it'd there would be an action card that would let you see the cards played by the others. or change your own card played. that would be more fitting to a "seer", or participate for half their power in an adjacent province. something that feels more magical in play.
if you haven't already, i recommend reading short, but magnificient fantasy book about ragnarök, day of the giants by lester del rey.
there is no shama there is seer as well as the william wallace portrayed in brave heart never wore a kilt and never was painted blue in his face in real life. when everything else is so close to the nordic mythology than why not use the closest to proper word here? just my 10 c as a native dane...
#shaman = witch doctor? #shaman = sorcerer?
#shaman = druid? "while archaeological evidence has been uncovered pertaining to the religious practices of the iron age people, "not one single artefact or image has been unearthed that can undoubtedly be connected with the ancient druids."[3] various recurring themes emerge in a number of the greco-roman accounts of the druids, including that they performed animal and even human sacrifice, believed in a form of reincarnation, and held a high position in gaulish society."
i really hate i missed out on rum & bones. this ks made me think how much i regret missing out on that.
and of course glamr and nidhogr :-)
yessir the 'grudge of the dead' clan! give us hel and the goats! ;-)
hela and her legions of undeath would make an interesting "villain" faction
a 6player board +some cards for a nice price would really be great the 5th player add-on would be upvalued a lot from that.
i'm hoping for an eventual expansion brining us to 6 players, playable gods, more monsters, etc.
@joe & @atila, from the shipping information on the story: "based on past experience, we will be charging shipping after the kickstarter concludes based on the actual costs incurred to ship. we will collect this via our pledge manager after the campaign ends." so yep, we'll have a pledge manager, don't worry.
@atila you might need to talk to the @creator about that, i don't know if they are doing a pledge manager on this ks and if not you might be out of luck.
hi! i wanted to buy the 5th player expansion (u$30) + the core game (u$75) but for some reason my pledge is u$104. am ii going to get the 5th expansion? if not, is there anyway i can raise this one missing dollar?
shamans have specific effects based on the god who blessed you with the shaman.  update 22 shows three of the cards and what their effects are.  for example if you gain a shaman from thor you will gain 3 glory for any battles you win that the corresponding shaman was involved in.
@johan the god's seem to be glorified rule modifiers for specific provinces. they move around based on circumstances. for instance, no one can die in whatever province frigga is in, battles can be won and lost, but no one dies. in loki's province, the loser of battles gains points instea dof the winner. etc. i was actually kind of let down by this, because i was hoping the gods would be more interactive. i play risk: godstorm a lot, and this game seems very similar to that in a lot of ways, and in that, the gods are basically powerful units that lead your army. here they seem pretty neutral and not terribly involved. just pieces that move around independently and modify battles randomly. the monsters seem like powerful hirelings. just units that are more beefy than average, and can be recruited to your clan with special cards. i haven't the foggiest idea what shamans do, but i believe they come into play later in the game, after you've upgraded a bit. i assume they're just a slightly more powerful unit for your clan to upgrade into. all that said, these are just the general ideas about these things i've picked up around here. i'm sure someone knows far more specifics than i do. *shrug*
i think i was charged som 1.5% more than the exchange rate in denmark. by the ozone divine! - dissapointing! i expected a good deal for ancestors of the vikings! ;-)
in some countries, the cc companies can also charge you a transaction fees for exchanging the currency, which is very high here in canada. so yury, thats not totally true what you said. for me, $75 us cost me $98 can which is more than just the exchange rate with the us dollar.
thanks for some of the comments.  i wasn't sure if i was suppose to be charged shipping cost as well... looks like, at the moment we should only be charged the pledge items;  the core +expansion.  shipping cost would be available after the pledge manager is available, to determine the actual/nett payment. cheers folks.  i hope i got this right.
i do not know how banks work in sweden, because i am from russia. but in my case i pledged 75$ and have credit card in russian rubles. so i was charged 75$, as was my pledge. at first bank made a hold on rubles on my account according to one exchange rate( that is higher than regular one), for example it would be 5000 rubles. then, when transaction finally arrived to bank several days later, bank calculated actual amount in rubles according to the actual exchange rate (it would be 4500rubles) and returned me 500 rubles. so, i advise you to call to your bank and ask transaction amount and currency. it must be equal to your pledge.
not at all.  i always have a heart palpitation when i see the actual visa charge. figured that was the most likely culprit.
@wm coles im from sweden, so there is an exchange rate. but never mind.. i feel extremely stupid right now. i trusted an out-dated currency app. :/ the app had an old ratio of $1 = 6.71kr, but the current exchange rate is more like $1 = 8.68kr. sorry for bothering with a stupid misstake from my side. i do feel stupid. :)
magnus, are you paying within us? the difference could be currency exchange rate. the $105 pledge has cost me about 130 after that.
hi, im new to kickstarter. so this was my first pledge. i did pledge for $105.00, as it also says when im logged in. but i have been charged $137.00 from my visa. and in the emails it says that the shipment costs will be charged later on, so i guess it is not it. is there any extra fees of $32.00 that im not aware about? thanks
is this another "mccoy" game where one haven't got information for what the monsters (and shamans, gods and cards) do? i know some are listed under the stretch goals. the rule book don't seem to contain the information. has it been said what the monsters do? why not release whole rules & show what those would contain? it's so precious i would roll my own out of blank paper and buttons this time too?
on the up side, i won't be as broke this month :-)
@belisarius i saw it below in the comments. it wouldn't surprise me. i don't believe the game will be out by october. there's sooooo much extra stuff they're doing. my money is on blood rage hitting their release date first  (if i was a betting man.)
@punk 90% finished you say! there might be hope for them goat steeds and the holy chariot of ozone divine, finish it i say! ;-)
where are they saying april?
damn. they're saying april now for the conan pm?
when the pledge manager comes our, probably in a few months, simply select the optional items you want. you can pay for them along with your shipping.
how is it possible to buy the optional purchases? thanks!
@rick thanks man. i think someone else mmentioned it before but i couldn't find the comment.
so folks who missed out have a chance still? awesome.
got a nice message from monolith regarding conan late pledges: don't worry: you will be able to pledge (with all the add-ons and the sg and the ks exclusives) during the pledge manager which should start in april. in order to be informed of the launching date, i invite you to follow our fb page: http://www.facebook.com/monolithedition
i have no problems with late payment. i have backed several projects where i actually added more in the pledge manager (which was mentioned on the page) simply because i didnt have the extra cash in the games budget at the time of closing. it would be a much different story if it hit retail and all the exclusives were included, but in this case there is nothing wrong imo. i can pledge as much as possible now, and add more later if i want.
late pledges are ok with me, though it would be nice if they were advertised before hand as i could have delayed payment by a month. but hey ho i'm getting a game i want so all is good.
@wm coles, if you just want to play the game this shouldn't bother you, so relax. :) if this bothers you because you aim to resell this game for a profit with "exclusives", you're the kind of person that publishers shouldn't care about. :-)
agreed, but it still does. quick quick, get in before the dead line, and get a bunch of exclusives, as long as you get in on time. once the deadline ends, these will never be offered again. ahh, nah, nevermind, those who got in early, too bad, we decided we didn't make enough out of the kickstarter, so we are going to throw it open for an indefinite amount of time, come one, come all, and get everything here, regardless.
@wm coles, why should that bother you? you're still getting all your goodies. all cmon projects have a late backer period. we even hit all our stretch goals so it's less of an issue.
i am a bit pissed that there is now an option to late pledge, after the time has expired. please tell me that those who late pledge will miss all the extra goodies and freebies. otherwise, what point supporting in the time requested?
i still hope the gods will get a make-over to attain the same quality as the rest of the minis.
i don't remember if it was explicit, but as the game is 90% finished and the number of and add-ons extras is limited (and probably it's just fenrir that was unexpected) i assume one wave would do.  they managed to ship arcadia quest in one wave and that one had a lot more ks exclusives and variables.
has it been said if shipping will be all at once, or in waves?
@buissonnet   definitely not my card (which is visa) spoken at length to my bank. no payment is even being requested, let alone rejected.
i wish i kick started for rum and bones i missed it
@jack  nobody has been charged for shipping at the end of the ks. i know you are new and invite you ro read the faq. it has been said numerous times that there will be a pledge manager in a few weeks where you will be charged for shipping and where you can add more money to purchase other copies or add-ons. its important in ks to read the faq and all the updates written by the creator.
@elb @john. had the answer, part of, from cmon. we can late pledge then paypal. methinks we'll be kicked out at the end of the 5 days left in here, given that they do not care about their failure. cheers. thierry
@belgat @john  i had exactly the same answer from kick customer service. as if they are not aware that they have this problem with several kick campaigns. i asked yesteday cmon if there is a way to cancel that backing and then late pledging to cmon but had no answer. seems we are going to save some dollars...
has anyone been charged for shipping or does that come later?  a payment has been taken for the game but nothing for shipping as far as i can tell.
@belgat @john same problem here. no problem bank side. card refused by ks.
hello again. fifteenth try at paying with both cards, same trouble. no answer from the "support". @john jackson, is there a way to cancel that backing and then late pledging to cmon ? cheers. thierry
@john yes it could be due to your card.i also encounter this kind of trouble few years ago.maybe your type card is rejected for foreign payment.only solution is to have at least à visa or something egual.
my support ticket :hi when trying to pay $150 to pay for pledge to project 'blood rage' i am constantly getting the message that my card issuer has refused to make the payment. i've spoken to my bank and they are saying the problem is here - no payment is even being requested let alone refused. i've made sure the card is valid and plenty of funds are in the account, payment is simply not being requested as kickstarter is saying it is. other people on the same ks are having the same problem. please could you look into it and let me know what is wrong ks response : kickstarter support (kickstarter) mar 19, 11:48 hi there, thanks for writing in. your pledge will be charged in the currency reflected on the project page - in this case, usd. if you have further questions about this, we'd recommend reaching out to your financial institution for information about foreign currency transactions. best wishes, katherine are kickstarter always so abysmally poor in their customer support ?
i've just noticed a kickstarter that will allow us to use our mini to do any rpg style game: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1059822030/dungeon-of-the-day why not reuse our super nice blood rage content! :d
collector does not = elitist. that being said, i see no issue with people who are late to the party but still backing getting all the rewards.
@j master. don't worry no problem with that.i maybe also was a little upset. anyway they (cmon) must at least communicate what will be the final pledge and numbers of backer.and determine a later backer deadline.
@buissonnet  sorry if i came off as a dick. i meant no personal attack. as snon suggested a slight increase in price might be a simple solution to persuade backers to get in while its live at least for the amount of the core game. if someone did that and used the pm for add-ons (not with a price increase) it might help their wallet out. @greg robertson i did as well with a recent kickstarter. i was watching it (like zombicide a long time ago) but just didn't have the $$$. they let me in on the backerkit and were also using it to unlock sg's not met in the initial campaign. i think they unlocked another 6 or 7 doing that. that was pretty cool. original backers got even more stuff, and late backers helped them get there.
@greg. yes i also agree with that.in that way if there is a later backer system they should unlock new sg that will be more fair.
i have no problem with companies opening up a "missed kickstarter" program. i've participated in a few myself due to either missing the original run or lack of funds. what i would love to see is what a lot of companies do in this situation... create new stretch goals and count the escalation of funds toward them. this way everyone benefits from the new backers.
@ j master. i can understand your point of view. i am just writing my feeling. i didn't buy this game for saling it on ebay, i bought it because i find it great.conserning retail, i wrote that because i am angry and i think the later back system will increase people who will buy this game just for saling it due to ks success.you maybe right it could be a kind of elitist or a need of reconnaissance.
to clarify, i have no issue with it and if that is the direction it is going to move i have no problem with late pledgers.
clever idea, first to run the campaign 16 days only and then open up a late pledge site for the same price! with no set end date. i would have appreciated a small price increasement (5$) for this.
i think the shift towards more campaigns allowing late backers is just another piece of kickstarter becoming a pre-order tool for many companies.  i mean, does anyone think this game wouldn't have been able to have been published without a ks campaign?  ks is a great way to infuse a company with some initial capital, but i am sure cmon could be publishing games without it at this point.
regarding shipping. will all of it be shipped at the same time, or in waves?
@buissonet  i backed this project fully, but i couldn't disagree more. ks exclusives are exclusive to backers and won't see retail sales. i don't need any more "special stuff". with all due respect, your statement sounds either 1) elitist. i need to have something someone else doesn't. "to show i was there/found out about it first" or 2) scalper. i'm going to take advantage of this via ebay to exploit it for 3x it's actual worth. i'm a gamer first, collector second (and since all my stuff is "open" cause i actually get use out of it, not worth as much). the pledge manager hasn't even come out yet and if someone just discovered this project today i see no reason why they shouldn't be able to get in on it. they are paying what i'm paying before it's mass retail release. they should get as much enjoyment from the extras as i will. i personally think ks exclusivity is bs. that's the biggest reason why i've never played and never will purchase zombicide. i missed out on the all the "special exclusive figures" that are now ridiculously overpriced on ebay and i won't support that. that's my belief,  and i know not everyone is the same.
@phoenix i think you immediately replace the missing token or you slide the third age one up and draw another one… they are still testing it so we will surely get to know more on it at a later date
hi, i am not agree with "the later back" concept, i really feel fooled and diddled.does it a ks or an online sale?that is not correct against real backers (i mean people who didn't change their pledge to 1$ just before ks closure...).i hope you schedule to give a kind of extra bonus for people helped and support this project from the beginning.
hi! still recuperating from the hangover of the fenrir sg ^^ @thiago iyou think is possible to give to the backers as present some blooad rage wallpapers from the amazing art of adrian smith (it will help some dubting people to buy the art book ;) i was looking to the last image posted ( with all the clans and the total amount pledged)  and i was thinking what an amazing wallpaper for mi desktop!
@jobra - should be this month
how is it possible to buy the optional purchases? thanks!
anyone know when the conan pm opens up?
@coremaster. everybody that gets access to the pledge manager gets the same options and rewards. in other word yes!
a friend of mine ist still interested in the game. if he uses the late pledge, will he still get the ks exclusives? it is mentioned that you get the stretch goals but there is no word about the exclusives.
@elb had the same problem for the last 24 hours. submitted 3 help tickets and posted multiple times here and only had stock responses saying to check card is valid. thing is the message i am getting here on kickstarter is that my credit card issuer are declining the payment but my bank are clear that no payment is being requested. problem is definitely with ks.
bear in mind that the sg was spontaneously created and it was stated that the full rules for the doom wolf will be provided once finalized.
page 10: "take the 8 ragnarök tokens and shuffle them. place one on each of the three ragnarök spots on the age track. the tokens should have the text side facing up, indicating what provinces will be destroyed through the course of the game. "
@phoenix, it's been a bit since i first read rules and watched the gameplay video, but i thought the provinces to be destroyed where chosen at the start of each age, rather than all at the very start.
@benjamin: any homepage listing adam von bremen as a credible source can be dismissed before reading.
@thiago #rules_clarification regarding fenrir: lets say the three doomed provinces are muspelheim (age 1), gimmle (age 2) and utgard (age 3). now at the end  of the first age fenrir is in gimmle, so gimmle is destroyed instead of muspelheim. during the second age fenrir is destroyed and is in valhalla, so his ability doesn't work. what province is destroyed? muspelheim, a random draw or no province at all? now muspelheim seems like the obvious choice, but:  what if fenrir destroys utgard during the first age and some other province during the second age but is destroyed during the third age? should it be muspelheim, gimmle, a random draw or none?  if the answer is 'a random draw', then fenrirs  ability has an effect on the gameplay, even though he is out of the game, because the location that is destroyed is no longer known.  i see no good solution to this problem. maybe just to immediatly redraw the province destroyed by fenrir.
i've exactly the same paiement problem as belgat. (and the same useless answer from the kickstarter). seems that kickstarter is not a reliable site for some credit card and/or banks and that they never fixed it. i've asked cmon if they can erase my pledge then i will perhaps use the new late pledge which use a different paiement mode. i said 'perhaps' as i not now sure to feel like giving my card number to an unreliable site.
hi, anyone know if it will translate to spanish?
nicely put, @niklas, the goats are laughing +1 ;-)
hullo there. i'm from france. i'm having trouble with the cb payment. both cards belong to positive accounts, a basic visa and a premier. bank says no problem, no restriction thus far. jes from the hotline just answered me to check what i already triple checked, to no avail. tried to pay for the 9nth time. my conan ks with amazon went super smoothly. it's just mayhem for my second one. any hint ? cheers. thierry
@renato @j masters, thank you, i'll check them out!
@benjamnin. i've heard about the cowboys kangaroos as well, a guy at walmart told me, but unfortunately i can't ask him again because he imploded by his own weight and became a black hole. but i found this: http://www.dark-stories.com/eng/kangaroos_in_the_united_states.htm so if cmon makes a cowboy name the cowboys should ride kangaroos, well they could look like horses but the card should say kangaroos. the cowboys in the game should be gurkhas on the card but look like cowboys. the gurkhas on their kangaroos should roam the american states australia, sweden and india because there are no other countries besides the us and a. and they should all eat at mc donalds
mr. john - exclusive = not retail.
there were nordic shaman. http://norse-mythology.org/concepts/shamanism/
wait - the late pledges - the ones done post kickstarter - are getting the kickstarter exclusives?  perhaps the word exclusive does not mean what i thought it does...
@princess keep an eye out for dark gate games "vampire hunters". the miniatures look amazing. hope the gameplay is as good, though those minis would easily proxy in another setting.
i think i read that they were shooting for a june/july kickstarter for it.
when is that going to be released? the others?
@princess_gamer, the others: 7 sins for sure! its horror based on the 7 deadly biblical sins terrorizing a city. it looks fantastic!
what is the next big boardgame/miniatures kickstarter i should be looking out for? fantasy/horror themed if possible.
norse magic doer.  makes it clearly norse, describes their ability, and is gender neutral.
he he @renato but a good idea with wizard or witch perhaps @marcin, still seer i say, by the missing goats! ;-)
bummer
@marcin, that's a great name but i feel like it just might be a little too long to fit onto the cards.
how about calling shamans "older wise wizard-like gentlemen with certain degree of mysticism and aura of inner connection with afterlife world" - yeah, i like that. +1 to that.
there are allot of good suggestions as to what to name the "shamans".  personally, i like shaman but seer and mystic are also good. why can't the "shamans" have different titles? wildboar mystic. raven seer. bear shaman etc.
i'm so excited for you guys and gals!  huge congrats and i look forward to playing!
@psycho - no it just lists the reward tier. you'll be able to specify the expansion in the pledge manager later.
i got my email "your pledge has been collected". is everything that you get suppose to be listed down in that email, because i left $105usd expecting to get the 5th expansion but it wasn't listed in the email.
i prefer seers to shamans myself
anytime i see shaman now, all i think is "nerf shaman!" and "frostshawk!" #wow1.0trauma
@flavio - check your junk folder?
wahooo!
runecasters
@shamans  - my vote is for mystic... fits the wider interpretation of the characters, and isn't as 'passive' as seers imo. other random suggestions for name changes: change the mystic troll to troll mystic, and the troll to troll warrior. that way there's warriors and mystics for the clans, and a troll warrior and troll mystic  =)
@paul, thanks for the reply, i'm going to look them up.
-1 for seer
skalds or rune skalds is what i would go with not entirely correct name but good balance of cool and norse and in the general area
+1 to seers
i have not recieved any e-mail about the payment from kickstarter. i did get information from the bank saying that the payment was made. do i have any reason to be worried?
+1 for seer.  i think they are more like advisers with a magical insight rather than fireball chuckers. by second pick would be soothsayer.
@yury, another pledge would come with another set of stretch goals. @jorge, you should receive an email "your pledge to blood rage has been collected!" when the payment goes through. @guillermo, shipping should be calculated as part of the pledge manager @tyler, no - the info you need is in the email "project update #30: blood rage by coolminiornot"
arg.  just binge watched the first season of vikings. i do believe i like this show more than game of thrones! thanks to the backers that mentioned it during the pledge!
i like either mystic or seer over shaman.
+1 for "seers"
since it apperantly it to much of a hazzle calling them by their original name, which is völve,  seer is the name that comes closest to describing who and what they are/do. so my vote goes for seer.
rune caster
seers i say! by the ozone divine ;-)
eugh...shamans in the nordics, and the american cowboys rode kangaroos...
rage prophet is awesome.
i like rage prophet, but shaman would definitely be my second choice.
those of having problems with the credit card, try logging from another device, for example, from my tablet i could not pledge when i used  the laptop the pledge worked fine!
i like shaman the best out of the different names.
@curt- i actually think they are a bit more clairvoyant than a casting type. could be wrong though.
is it sept yet?!
same problem with the card. retrying does nothing.
strange one with those payments, i wish you luck gentlemen...
after a few problems with my credit card, i´m in!!!!
@sebastian pacześ   thanks for the advice and trying to help.  i spoke to my bank about it this morning. they stated clearly that no transaction is being requested, despite the message on the kickstarter payment page saying my bank are refusing the payment.
i totally don't get why nitpicking the magic viking's name conventions is a thing. i saw shamans and really didn't give it a second thought. guess i've just been around enough fantasy/medieval/old timey games to get that it translated to "these are the battlesword swinging vikings" and "these are the magic slinging vikings" that said... if people really are so twisted in a knot about it. i'm not all that attached to it either, for said reasons. so if they want to change it *shrug* no big whoop to me. personal opinion: i feel mystic is the most generic while still conveying the idea they're caster units. mage or wizard sounds too medieval, same problem as shaman sounding too native-american (which i guess people have a problem with?). mystic sounds... more all-purpose to me. seer makes them sound like clairvoyants imo. i don't like seer. sounds like a specific niche magic, like cleric or warlock. if there are spells like "fireball!" in this game, seer wouldn't sound right to me. (i don't know if they're are spells like fireballs for these guys, i haven't read up extensively on how shamans fit into the game tbh. i just assume they're generic caster-esque units with caster-esque gameplay.)
that's seer is the way to go @jorge ;-)
+1 for seer, if only because of the seer in vikings the tv show.
john check your transaction limits. i had similar problems - but i got notification that my correspondence transaction limit was to low. i was amazed because i purchase staff online and overseas - and it was the first transaction that utilized that channel.
@lobst5er thompson - i know you said g+ so this may not be helpful at all, but there is a conan painting group on fb: https://www.facebook.com/groups/bycrom/ monolith should have a site up eventually too with a forum.
@tyler *lol* good one^^. try again in 2-3 months.
is the pledge manager open yet?
hi there! excellent work! just one query... do you know when the shippment address is going to be confirmed? and also if there would be any chance that we choose the carrier? cheers!
@joe "jobra" smith (and any other people interested in other miniatures) - you should check out tre manor's ks. add some "evil vikings" to your blood rage game, saga game or any other game or rpg. :-) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1103158358/barbarian-hordes-by-red-box-games/
@the schwartz goats you say? hahaha xd
i haven't received any mail about my payment. does that mean that my payment is ok right?
seer i say @bdh ! ;-)
still refusing payment after relogging  and entering payment details again. received a stock reply from kickstarter saying check card details are valid (they are) message i am getting is payment has been refused by my bank, but my bank say that isn't true and no request for payment is being made
great campaign, in the end i backed the base game and the expansion!! might add the art book during the pledge manager, have not decided yet... looking back, i would have thought that the valkyrie on horseback would be a model, since the awesome artwork is shown a few times (ie. in the video at 0.30)... will there be any expensions or additional models at a later date / second kickstarter for this game? or is what we we have unlocked now the final line-up? for those seeking a new ks to spend their money on, and those who like a good dose of nostalgia, why not have a look at the thunderbirds boardgame! it's going great, with some awesome updates already unlocked, and much more to come! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/modiphius/the-thunderbirds-co-operative-board-game-by-matt-l/description
if i add another box to the order later in pledge will i receive ks exclusives doubled?
i think mystic is too mellow for vikings. seer works because of the vikings show currently on, but i don't mind shamans either. shaman sounds more tribal which i think fits the setting.
i chose apple pay on the app for the first time and it worked beautifully.
*mystic is better in that regards-
at first i thought seers, but i understand the point that seer sounds pretty passive. mystic is in that regards but it still doesn't fit very well.
the mystics.
the seers you mean @niklas ;-)
congratulations to the successful kickstarter and please change the name of the shamans
also i apologize for interrupting pledge questions, those are important. thank you.
couple of things: 1) i know this is poor form, but there are a lot of gamers here so i wanted to ask if anyone here knows anyone who'd be interested in helping out these fellas with their tahira: echoes of the astral empire campaign? they've got about 40 hours to go and ~$11k to go and i think what they're doing looks worthwhile. i know this probably rubs people the wrong way but i'm trying to help, so if you know anyone who'd be interested (since we're all broke) would you let them know? 2) @mikademus, you still around? i was gonna hit you up on g+, but i don't know how to track you down. 3) are there any good gamer groups out there on g+ for these conan/blood rage crowds? i'd like to keep in touch with you guys because this was was a lot of fun and you guys were great. i can't wait for these games.
i'm having a payment problema. ks is not accepting my credit cards (master yesterday, visa today). i call my bank in colombia and they say that yesterday there was no charge, and that today was a charge of 0.00 on the visa. when i go to fix payment, ks is now rejecting both of my cc. what can i do?
however my worries cc was successully charged yesterday night ... yeppie! http://i.imgur.com/nya7ulf.jpg
had a call from my credit card company today, they asked if the transaktion to ks is ok. seems there is/was something fishy going on...
had the same payment problem, i just chose new card, but used the same as the one first used and payment went through.  i'm very happy with this ks, awesome minis and everything for a very décevra price :-)
also message i am getting is that payment has been refused by my card provider.  i've submitted a help ticket to ks...
@john jackson: same problem over here. just re-added the cc and it worked instantly :)
same here @eduardo - congratz to eric lang, adrian smith, mike mcvey, thiago and all the production team behind this project. hope you had a great party last night ;-)
@joe "jobra" smith - this game looks really interesting and has some praise from ignacy even.  would be cool too to see a real small project get some love if folks went over and backed it. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1759497187/the-lord-of-the-ice-garden-2nd-edition…
*cool
i just passed to say congrats to the team.... i am looking forward to play your game as much as i did look forward to play arcadia quest last year from coolmins dont betray us and make it a coll game ok? ;)
thanks andrea. tried logging out and back in and no change :( i've submitted a help ticket to ks so we'll see what happens.
@john jackson i've had the same problem this morning, but after that i logged in, chose the (same) credit card saved on the kickstarter account and it completed the transaction itself.
message i am getting is that payment has been refused by my card provider, which isn't the case :( sounds like ks is messing up ?
problem with my payment. card not being accepted through kickstarter. checked with bank and it's not being blocked. anyone else having this issue ?
@joe there is a miniature game set in the future currently running. looks good, just waiting for the game play video to be put on the site https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2032267828/wasteman-a-game-of-desperate-conflicts-in-a-desola
thanks. sorry, didn´t see.
@grutischmpf there is a faq on the main page... it said. "can i make just a $1 pledge now? you can make a $1 pledge now, and when the pledge manager goes live after the campaign has ended you can add more funds to get a full pledge and any add-ons you'd like. however, you won't be able to get only the add-on. you'll need to get a basic pledge in order to enter the system." so the answer is yes  :)
hi. will it be possible to upgrade my pledge in the pledge manager to get the 5th player expansion. just pledged 75 bugs, now i think i could give you some more mones...
@joe "jobra" smith other running miniature ks: - https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1682672801/nova-aetas-dark-renaissance-tactical-game-relaunch - https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1700755582/myth-journeyman…
@joe "jobra" smith it's time that they put up more informations about b-sieged ;-).
@cmon: so, now guys, having all this money and seeing the love of manowar and all on your side the next thing to do is to introduce the heavy metÄl set, available later through the pledge manager. you know you want it :-))))
whoo been collected, roll on september. feels strange had 3 ks on the go this past 6 weeks now i don't have anything to check on compulsively every 20 mins, any other mini's ks happening at the moment?
wow great campaign! i really love this game and can't wait to play it at the end of the year! also the community were simply awesome! one of the best projects i backed so far. and i can't wait to get my sweet fenrir wolf :3 and of course all the other awesome figures ^-^
@der spiegel thanks, i gues i'll have to sniff the ozone divine in another way ;-) @francesco, you can specify what you wan't in the pledge manager, you'll get a link to it in a mail later :-) btw like the 'pludge' meme ;-) can't wait for the game, but hey! i have rivet wars to play until then :-)
thanks skritter, i'll take a look when i get home from work. i can't view it right now.
is anyone here from chicago and have access to the rum and bones pledge manager.
@francesco they will send you a mail when it's ready.
what is the pludge menager? a mail that i must wait or a option of the site?
here's to maybe the full odin since we haven't seen his sculpt yet w slepnir wolves and ravens
@steve. there is a link to download the rulebook on the projects front page. all the information you are after will be in the rules.
is there a newsletter you can subscribe to for future releases, and can you sub without creating an account?
this was for me the best campaign that i've backed so far. great product, great backers community and a lot of enthusiasm from thiago/cmon and everyone in the comments. looking forward to playing the game at the end of the year!
can anyone list the proper spelling of each of the lands on the board? i don't see them listed anywhere. the font and size that i can see are too hard to make them out. i tried looking up the names online, but i found the 9 worlds of norse mythology. thanks
looooools ty, didnt think about that. ;)
@schwartz-sorry we didn't get the goats buddy it would have been sweet!
if you have fb i'd like their page.
*their
i have signed up @coolminiornot, do i have to do something else in order to receive an email from them when there next ks hits live?
itm! thank you ladies and gents, knights and dames!, its been a great ride goats or not! ;-)
congratulations on a wonderful campaign!
the miniatures in this game are so good i bought them just to play saga. the boardgame is an added bonus!
@cedric, go ahead and email me buddy.
this is the game here http://www(.)warandpeacegames.com.au/saga_the_viking_age_s/2322.htm
@jeremy - i can see people using these miniatures for the saga  - which is a 28mm viking skirmish game.
my pledge payment has been done and accepted. going to add the art book via the pledge manager when i pay the shipping. so excited about this game, though. hopefully shipping will be no later than september.
@ renato, could you look also for me? in canada ?
e-mail sent. thanks one more time.
renato(dot)lule93(at)gmail.com just replace the parentheses, i don't wanna post a link
what is your e-mail? and thanks in advance.
@flavio, ks doesn't have a private messaging system. you can either message me on facebook if you have one or contact me via email. whichever works for you.
@renato, how do i send a message here? i am still new here at kickstarter.
@flavio, i mean, i am but in my experience, international shipping can get pretty pricey... if you message me and let me know where you are i can try to get you an estimate.
@renato - are you willing to help people that do not live in the us?
so excited. this will be the greatest game in my collection.
@renato ok, message sent �
so, i've seen a lot of people complaining that they want the 5th player cards without buying the rams.  there's a fairly easy solution to this.  you just buy the rams, take the cards out, and sell the minis.  with the 3 ks exclusives and the beauty of some of these minis, you could probably get most of your money back.  thoughts?
@donnbobhard - thanks.  no.  not counting the ships.
@david, sf giants hat
@don ok, thanks again for your response.  i appreciate it. @renato ok, sweet! i'll send you a message on facebook.  what am i looking for in your profile pic? haha
@greatlich - looks right.  i take it you are not counting the ships?
@jeremy - same here, i will use them for me rpg gaming...
am i correct that the total number of minis (excluding tokens and addon) is 76 ?
@david, i'm currently helping people out with the rnb pledge manager if you wanted to talk about it. you could message me on facebook if you have one or email me. whichever is better for you.
@david - yes.
@don ok, thanks for the response.  so i'd have to get onto someone's pledge.  is that the "pm" (pledge manager, i'm guessing)?
dale you will be able to fix that in the pledge manager, nothing to worry about.
@david - the only way at this point is to find someone who will let you in on their pledge.  you might have had better luck while the campaign was more active.  you could try the cmon forums.
hey, so does anyone else plan to use some or all of the minis for purposes other than playing this game? 'cause me, i have got big plans (heh) to incorporate the trolls into a pathfinder game. and i suppose i can now have my pcs go up against a pretty big human barbarian clan if i ever wanted them to. anyone else?
new to kickstarter: so i definitely enjoyed watching his campaign unfold. i was wondering if there is anyway to get into the rum and bones campaign? my gaming group and i are into lol and other moba's and this seems right up our alley. thanks in advance for your help!
@gary - that email comes from ks, not cmon, and ks has no knowledge of the add-ons.  but as rafael said, cmon will make sure that you are taken care of.
hey gary, cmon always create a pledge manager where you specifically enter the items you want to ensure you get the items you paid for. they even allow you to buy multiple pledges.
cmon emailed me this...  unfortunately it is not showing that part of the 106.00 dollars is 30 dollars of it going for the purchase of the 5th player expansion set.  would of felt a bit more comfortable if you email to me would of noted that as part of my reward for the 2 pledges i made... one for 75.00 dollars and one for 30.00 for the 5th player expansion set... which comes to 105.00 dollars... the extra dollar was for if in case something did not get achieved in the final stretch goal... i would be able to still purchase it.  i just do not like my email not showing that my reward should also include what i purchased, which is the 5th player expansion set. amount pledged  $106.00 usd reward ragnarok! - blood rage core game + exclusive wolfman monster + all unlocked stretch goals! *shipping charged after campaign ends (see shipping section for full details)
awesome, hope to donate more in the future, is there a way to pledge post-kickstarter? would love to secure more before release, congratulations!! we hope to commission a miniature from you guys one day, if you are interested please check us out, thank you https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/wormholecity/wormhole-city-sci-fi-pc-game-xbox-one-ps4-stretch
great campaign! i really hope they include a late or final stretch goal / goals, as they are still accepting pledges, and really would boost many late supporters to take the steps :) maybe freya, hela or niddogg, all will be great!!  well, thanks to all, and greetings from bolivia!!!
skipping the next one, but i'll hit the others for sure.
i don't suppose there's any chance of the add-on price for the 5p expansion being reduced a bit, perhaps as a $900k(!!!) retroactive reward for backers?  i'd love to have it (the minis look fantastic, as do the others in the base game), but the price tag (a 40% increase over the base 4p game) is keeping me away.  perhaps a survey question ("if the expansion price were reduced to $x, would you increase your pledge to buy it?") might give you an idea if the cost of doing so was worthwhile based on additional sales?
dale some might, i rather prefer, if they finish one ks completely instead of having multiples in development over the same time. ks is no pre-order, so it's said but a lt of companies handle it just like that. jae that's what the mentioned survey will be for.
well  how  can i chose optional  purchuse? i tried but i couldn't find way
cheers moses that takes alot of weight off me now. xd i can see why suddenly seeing another game show up being a bit odd. i mean how many folk out of the under 10k here that funded this have the money by april to fund another game?
@dale, no reason to worry. you get a chance to pick everything you pledged for once the pledge manager comes out (and pay for shipping).
dale because the reward is just the core game - the add on is that and of course not mentioned. no worries, as they wrote - survey, pay shipping, wait wait wait, game. only thing that irrs me is, they already have another one in the pipe.
excuse me but i put down $105, $75 for the core box and stretch goals and then the $30 for the optional 5th player expansion. however looking at the e-mail then it only says my reward is: "amount pledged  $105.00 usd reward ragnarok! - blood rage core game + exclusive wolfman monster + all unlocked stretch goals! *shipping charged after campaign ends (see shipping section for full details)" there is no mention of the 5th player expansion which, is an optional. was i meant to do something else to say i was paying an additional amount for the optional?
cool paint or not?  from the videos presented these minis/maxies need paint.
cmon, i was trying to ignore b-sieged, why you gotta throw it in my face?
guess i'll play zcide till sept.
now just the long wait till september. ..hope some additional videos of game play come out to tide us over some lol
i hope that conan pm and br pm don't happen at the same time. too much into minis as it is. oh well. easier for forgiveness then permission.
collected!
that was quick they got my cash visa is fast for kikstarters
rage prophets!!!
seer to me any day ;-)
great ks! see you all at b-sieged - sons of the abyss and/or the others - 7 sins ;-).
well done there chaps for being us blood rage
#shaman i like rage prophets
this was a fantastic kickstarter to be a part of :) awesome stretch goals and worthwhile add-ons. thank you to all involved!
wow, the last 3 days earned more than the first 3 days.
@grixxly - you sure can. lots of people sill wait for the pm to add them.
for the ozone divine! good night - it's been a pleasure ;-)
Þráinn, don't be worried just yet. it can take hours to charge everybody. vikings will invade iceland once more.
this is also using the new payment system, rather than amazon, so it make process a bit differently.
i forgot to add in the optional ram clan. is it still possible to add it in during the pledge manager? or am i practically sol?
give it a little time, there are almost 10,000 cards that need to be processed by the machinations behind the scenes. erm, well, technical stuff anyway. ;-)
@johan, no i just got the mail saying the the project had been funded. i'm just a bit worried because when i pledged for the conan game there was no problem. and yes i'm icelandic :)
@thiago: midgård can be had for little ($10-22) and this game cost more than twice as much as chaos in the old world so i guess $290k wasn't totally unrealistic too.
prainn: i'm quite sure you won't get away with not being charged =p. have you got the mail? it doesn't necessarily show up on your card straight away. iceland?
noooooo we only get one month for our wallets to heal!!!
sooo, do people who pledge post-kickstarter get all the kickstarter exclusives?
i was just wondering if anyone else is still waiting for their credit card to get charged for the payment. i'm starting to get worried. :s
take care thiago. time to get some much deserved rest. you did us, and the game, proud. you won a place in many of our hearts. well done. all the kudos are belong to you.
just have fun like a viking. see this great talented team at "the others".. and you folks hopefully too :-9
and so it ends.... https://dailymythogies.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/ragnarok_by_harrybuddhapalm.jpg
really enjoyed this kickstarter... unlike some with crazy stretch goals. kudos to all the backers!
wtf @ facebook post lag! sorry for double post!
ok guys, i'm off to celebrate in true viking fashion! take care of yourselves, and see you around. again, it's been a pleasure running this campaign for you! for the glory!
just wanted to agree with cédric de chardon in that sgs over add-ones was a very welcome change! keep to this path! :) and it seems like exclusives wasn't a very driving force in this campaign (which is the highest grossing one for cmon so far given the short time it ran!) so i look forward to even fewer exclusives in coming campaigns!
i think u should drop off the first game in person to the first backer then take a pic and post it for all to see !
skal!
just wanted to say i agree with cédric de chardon that sgs rather than add-ons was very welcomed and i hope you keep to this path! i also see that exclusives was a much lesser force in this campaign than other ones, and i look forward to even fewer exclusives in future campaigns!
290k that's xenoshyft territory.
+1 goats of war!
@thiago - the guy who guessed 290k should buy the first round of drinks tonight. haha
congratulations everybody! i chipped in an extra $30 to get the expansion too! i hope you guys don't mess it up when you start shipping it! :d
@ thiago and schwartz blood rage 2; goats of war? i'm on, when do we start? ;-)
@thiago: wow, okay that was beaten, surely... thanks for your answer ;-)
@gawain_77: we had people taking guesses around the office. i'll say that the lowest guess was 290k.
+1 for the goats of war thing!
kuddos cmon and thiago. great ks. i really enjoy the lot of stretch goals instead of a lot of add-ons! this is the way to go! sorry that cmon doesn't want my money for r&b but hey! better for my wallet i suppose :-)! thanks again ks in itself was fun now let see the game!!!
@the schwartz: keep an eye out for blood rage 2 - goats of war !
\(0-0\) (|*~*|) (/'.@)/ happy viking dance!
you don't have to answer, but it would be kind  ;-)
@thiago and for the ozone divine!
congratz  every one !!!!
@lunarsounddesign: don't worry, you'll be able to add more in the pledge manager.
@thiago: can you tell us what amount you really expected before this campaign started. just curious ;-)
will there be a pledge manage i forgot to add for the add ons
and now you can "late pledge" on cmon's homepage. is that good style - is that how you do it?
guys, thank you all so much for a great campaign! it's been truly a pleasure sharing these past 2 weeks with you, and we've managed to accomplish something really special here. i hope to see you all around the cmon forums soon!
congratulations. a good sg surprise might be different cards, different text, for minis monsters. it would be cheaper, right ?. ;)
congrats :)
and now wait until delivery :)
i thougt 870k, but donn was very close as he said we can get to 900k.
again, i told everyone so! i predicted this perfectly. in the reaper forum i posted before the thing started that it'd hit between $800k and $1m, here we are... $900k! awesome!
good finish
now... till sep... have to catch up with vikings the series ;) and finish painting zcide and other cmon minis ;)
he he @mikademus ;-)
oh yeah!!!
soooo many good looking minis!
i'm very much looking forward to this game, could be as fantastic as zombicide:)
for the glory!!!
nice @punk but no way will i say the b word after they smashed the sculpt of thor! ;-)
congratulations everyone!!
almost 10,000 backers! insane!
here it comes the ragnarok!!!!!!
congrads!  glad to be a backer!
gentleman, it was an honor for me to fight beside you!!!
congrats cmon and eric!
"the schwartz, and lift off by the ozone divine" and odin is like, "wtf is this pointy thing up my butt?!"
905,532 sbam!!
grantz for the ks cmon!
boom!!!!
now, back to myth...
congratulation
*brr brr drrrr!! <---(battle horn sounding)
massive congrats to cmon and eric!!! :d
i feel like a part of my life just ended......
update! update!
vikings!!! that is all!
yay - great rejoicing
wow, what a finish !  =)
752 of 750 early bird backers. oops did i break something?
wait, this game is about vikings?
grats to all backers and thx to cmon :)
lol, someone added a pledge a 1sec :-)
and so only surtr and a handfull of humans remain...
and the prize for having surpassed by 85k last sg??? :) :0
aaaand wolf time is here! ragnarök!!!!!!
thank you thiago! thank you cmon! thank you backers! thank you odin! thank you thor! thank you kickstarter! my wallet is dead but i'm a happy camper. [¦-)
boom!
congrats!!!!! cmon!!!!!!
tear open the mead!!! ~>゜)～～～ jörmungandr released his tail!
and lift off by the ozone divine! ;-) congratz everybody! :-)
woot!!!
ahhahaaaaa!
for the goats! we did it! <3
yay!
skol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
--->>> 5 <<<---
boom ragnarok
ragnarÖk is upon us!
bàààààh!
juest http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/slow_clap_citizen_kane.gif
--->>> 10 <<<---
10
20 seconds... well done guys...
for the gloooorrryyyyyy!!!
--->>> 20 <<<---
20 secs left to add goats! :d
i'll see you all in the halls of vallhala!!
--->>> 30 <<<---
just 30 seconds!
--->>> 40 <<<---
bleh, eb's are fine especially for such a small discount. it's $5. they help build the hype, they get the word out and make it more successful.
@zeon: seem like you'd have some more time even if you missed it :)
the end ist coming!!!
@the schwartz u win
goooats!!!!!!!!!!!!
countdown in seconds!
1 minute
odiiiiiinnnnn !!!!!
i forgot about this game  and made it with less than 1 min to go yea
by great odin's raven's beak, well done!  congrats thiago and cmon, this is becoming a habit.
congratulations to the team: thiago, cmon, adrian, mcvey. great campaign, i love the miniatures and the art. the game mechanic is really interesting and fresh. longing for the "the others" which will bring this team together again. thiago, see you there :-)
i totally respect and is very thankful that you let backers come in late. however if it could be rejected on your end that would had helped. and it would had been nice if such policy was always there from the beginning and if it was the standard policy of cmon. late backers are just fine and awesome imho. early bird specials are not because they are just unfair :) so if you can do it in a way which make more people feel cared for then the better :)
1
wohoooo great ks! thanks to thiago and cmon for a well run campaign. especially grateful for the effort in making fenris available to us :-) cheers to all other backers too!
@johan krüger haglert: i'm afraid you'll have to go the refund route. sorry, this is up to ks, and out of our hands...
--->>> 2 <<<---
well done everyone, especially thiago and the team!
@mark urlacher: that'd be... very nice. :-p
@igor - the amount you pledged here will be withdrawn from your card right when the campaign ends. then a pledge manager will be available down the road where you pay for shipping and indicate what items you have pledged for.
gratz @ben blohn
2
some way to cancel me or whatever at least? for sure? or just afterwards?
if every backer added $11 to their pledge in the next few minutes we would hit $1,000,000...just sayin'
@johan krüger haglert: sorry, no way to ban you. :-/
congrats ben!
a moment of silence for schwartz's goats...
for past projects, which carrier did cmon use?  couldn't be usps since then, all us backers would have the same postage?  btw, my r&bs shipping ended up being just under $30 and i think i got the same items as @coralline algae.
--->>> 3 <<<---
after that first guy said an early bird canceled i've been sitting here for 10 minutes refreshing the page every 2 seconds. sure enough, another early bird canceled and i got it!!!! sweet lol.
3
isn't that crazy that kickstarter itself gets over $90k for having this platform?
@harrio: at least we'll supply you with the cardboard box!
oden!!!!!!!!
wtf. page even say "click here to.2 @thiago: just throw me out now if you can and i can use the "for a limited time only later." same as with conan.
of course it was @thiago ;-)
@harrio - feel ya!
eric lang does it again --->>> 4 <<<---
ok..who can explain me exactly how does it work the payment at the end of the campain?will be done automatically?or we can wait for some pm or pledge manager to add something later if we want and then we can proceed to pay?thx.. as i've told some days ago..it's my first ks...eheh
@godfather punk: still alive, baby!
4
@the schwartz: hey, it wasn't me. it was the sculptor, i swear!
it would be great one sg surprise! :d
$80k to pay the 10% fees from ks.
i know we have not seen the odin sculpt but to celebrate getting to $900k is there any chance he could be mounted on his eight legged horse???  that would be something.
dammit, you sucked me in with nineteen minutes left. i'm going to be homeless, in a cardboard box filled with kickstarter games...lol.
eric lang does it again --->>> 5 <<<---
@thiago - ellen mclain?
just life's budget...i told it to shut up and brandish a ball-peen hammer in lieu of mjolnir..
oh yes nicely played ks @thiago even though you 'smashed' the sculpt of the wielder of mjölnir! ;-)
5
5
has been nice to see such a cleanly and well run campaign. congratulations, everybody.
congrats guys on a hugely successful ks! big fan of your games and i'm really stoked on this. the subject matter hits close to home. : )
for the glory! for the glory!
i'm super stoked about all the stuff we are getting in this one! can't wait to start painting up those monsters!
@coralline indeed! real happy to have been a part of this!
80k into the pocket ;)
--->>> 6 <<<---
6
@kelly n.: is that your game purchases budget or something less important? ;p
7
been a blast watching this progress. hats off to cmon.
game changing campaign cmon. 1st rate from day one!
7
this was a triumph! i'm making a note here: "huge success!" it's hard to overstate my satisfaction!
budget: cancel! me: keep it! budget: cancel! me: keep it! budget: cancel! me: keep it! budget: cancel! me: keep it! ...to be continued.
congrats again thaigo and cmon
8
@ub3r - definitely not bad. it was a big factor in choosing to backing this. i think they're getting better and better with shipping, even though all shipping will be more this year than in recent years. oh, after they fixed the shipping calculator for the mas base pm it was pretty fair there too. about $8 for 5 sets. i was very happy with that.
--->>> 8 <<<---
9
@godfather - wb!
lol the same situation like zombicide1 700k was the last sg but the campagin raise 781.597$ and here the last sg was on 820k and we raise 901.931$ booth campagin raise more then $81k at least sg :d
pocket money :)
i got back just in time for the finale. :^)
902k lol
9
10
it been great participating in this ozonos ks;-)
@paul hay a mini steve carrell with a trident. not theme but cool
11
got a friend piggy-backing on my pledge for the art book. he may ask me to add on during the pm, we'll see.
count down
@estheon - happy to help out :)
@ub3r_n3rd thank you!!
i expected this game to do well but this is a surprise.
can i get a special sg for being first at calling out 900k? like a dedicated lyrics quote by thiago? :d
and this thing is just keeping on going like crazy in the last few minutes of life
@coralline - wow, that's not bad at all!
@ub3r - $13.65. that was with both expansions, skull☠kickers, various pirates and some dice. can't beat that! i'm only a few states away, though. some us backers paid more for only the core game. it's kinda weird.
maybe we get odin't eye patch as secret sg. that way can use it also in pirates games ;p
wooow hoo!
great odins raven = channel 4 news team clan sg
would of been fun a 900k surprise
@estheon - yes, in a couple months
900k just for fun
@onei: i'm having a beer! why aren't you? :-)
add a new add-on pack and you will make a million :-)
@curt - yes. if you have eb it's just $70+$30 * 2 = $200
are there going to be a pledge manager in the future?
thiago said odin's raven next sg?;) 900k amazing
now for the 10k backers goal!
i wouldn't object to higher shipping prices if that equated to higher quality mini production = heavier packages.
nothing to celebrate the 900k?
just insane, over 900k...
$900.000 is a fact!  now gimme my surprise stretch goal bonus!   :-d
yihaa!!!
great odin's raven! 900k!
i'd keep an eye on it for anyone still looking. capitalize on those people abandoning ship at the last minute. ps. so if i want 2 games and 2 of the $30 expansion pack, $200 should cover it if i have the earlybird right? the earlybird rate carries over to the second copy, correct? (+shipping later, obviously)
by the ozone divine!
1!
51 more!
900k!!!chapeau my friends !!!
900 badaboom!
get ready for the 900 k - dance!!! ragnarök-style! (and perhaps a surprise???! :d  )
very stable on $899,769 now :)
postal workers need their mead too.
@coralline how much did you pay for shipping for r&b with all your add-ons?
greetings from spain! a shame there are not more sg. a bear-man would have been good too! or the king of the nibelungs!
same here @ub3r_n3rd ;-)
looks like origins 7 sins might be the next big thing.
$900 000 lets do it
me too
@thiago - i understand. they just haven't always been even close to the real charge. i was very satisfied with my rum & bones shipping charge, even with the massive number of add-ons i added.
i think of the eb i got as saving $5 off my shipping hehe
i mean ;-)
@thiago thanks for the great kickstarter.  i really like what direction this one took.  now you guys just gotta combine the brilliance of the acardia quest guildmaster box with the amount of goals and addons this one had and it will be perfect.
congratz @curt ;-(
@curt - congrats on the eb!
can someone do a countdown to the last min
hahaha... i went into the pledge manager to update my payment method w/ my new card that just arrived in the mail today, and there was an earlybird available so i snagged it. last minute score ftw!
happy! happy! joy! joy!
@coralline algae: they're not quotes, they're estimates. and as such they may not be accurate. sometimes it turns out to be less, sometimes more.
sploooge. hi everyone. i haven't been this excited about a ks for a while now. for a basic package and add on. i am paying $105 plus postage for 78 damn nice miniatures, 30 odd 3d token (multi uses) and a handful of awesome and epic monsters. thats value for money that is hard to find for the quality and amount of miniatures. add to that a game to be played. sweet. all that's missing is some redundant themed dice. common september.
uh oh lost a few there maybe we need an add on to boost the  numbers:)
.... and i still hope rum&bones comes with an additional brute.;-)
@popenx - this is cmon. if anything we'll see a 50-100% increase in shipping from the quotes if history is any indicator.
different browser didn't help either (ie now.) wasted whole damn evening including 2 simpsons, 2 top gear and gym session for nothing =p
@coralline algae: we sure didn't!
more than fine, you deserve it @thiago!
@ub3r_n3rd: you'll excuse me if i've already cracked open the first ale casket.
@my wife's angry : lol @ the name!
@adrian haha that would be sweat
and for the ppl with eb??that they (and me..eheh) trusted in this ks from the begin ?! some surprise?? :d
we will actually make 900k. bet cmon didn't see that coming on a 16 day kickstarter.
how about 10% off the next kikstarter for all backers that would get almost 10 000 backers the first day
another cool miniatures game, another loss of self control at the last minute for me.
@japester: it would not be the first time this happened. zombicide 1 came with more zombie figures than promised. arcadia came with 4 faceless as heroes that people never knew about. boardgames are like a box of chocolates...
@the schwartz  maybe have some epic viking poem about you and your relentless fight for your goats printed on the backside of the lid. "long was thy struggle, strong thy will, in the end the goats fell i'll, but thy name we hail in rememberence "
omg lol!! https://scontent.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/v/t1.0-9/11013182_10153148636314513_4966429749485403214_n.jpg…
the next time im in line for something at retail, i'm gonna yell, "100 buys!  stretch goal!"  see if anything gets added to my purchase.
if anything i would want a discount on shipping. but i'm 100% good with everything right now.
the end is night
thiago now thinks he's gandalf, someone get him his meds...
@the schwartz  here https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@jonathan tilbury: "blood rage - vikings do it for the glory!"
@weresheep of sin aka stefan: then fly, you fools!  ;-)
how about car bumper stickers (blood rage)
and ate the goats!
8-legged with an magic 8-ball
$900k surprise bonus?  :)
@weresheep - the wolf scared them all off.
we ain't got no horses ...
personally, i understand and accept that there are no more official sg's.  it's not like a ks campaign is an exact science.  this is all relatively new, both for us and for them.  but who's to say that when the ks dust settles, and cmon looks at the money raised and analyzes the production costs, they don't surprise backers with a little something extra in the box?  we don't need to know about it in advance.  and if the profits don't support it, then don't bother.  but there is absolutely nothing stopping anyone from adding goodies after the ks ends.  :-)
monster add-on option in pm would be glorious!
a sword day... a red day... and the sun rises!  ride now... ride now... ride!  ride for ruin and the world's ending!  death!
monster add-on option in the pm!!!
guess i need to re-read the books, re-watch the movies, been a while.
@uber - what with it being ragnarok and all, may as well. . . @thiago can't take it all with him. and think of the party we shall have.
where where ? ;-)
@ub3r_n3rd: actually, it's theoden, from lotr.
@chris baginski - perfect choice...for this last moments of ks i will loop gibu and the will finish with helvegen :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
just the figure, no need for cards, etc
i see some goats ... ^^
know what i think would be a badass final goal to give to backers? a 2nd fenrir for everyone. :p
i think the schwartz should have a honorary mention in the game for his/hers contribution of goats in this campaign.
nine is also pretty much the most sacred number to our northern ancestors... so this feels right. (: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/numbers_in_norse_mythology#nine
if 2 of the cards per player @ 4 players is left out for a total of 8 and 6 cards is needed then i guess one could make a somewhat different game of five players with the cards in the game.
lotr ub3r!
@all so with this wrapping up what other games are people backing?
@thiago - are you quoting more music again?
@johnathan - no problem!
if this is to be the end, then i would have you make such an end, as to be worthy of remembrance!
backers keep rolling in despite the goals being over. the gave us a cool game at a great price and we will come in droves!
@jimmyz - daaang that'd be expensive! beers are what $3-$4 each x 10,000 = $30,000-$40,000??
can i have my tracking number?  can i get mine delivered overnight for this weekend?  lol  are there any expansions?  :o)  lol
these mini should go well with my dwarven forge stuffs :)
@ub3r  thanks all in for 130 i didnt want to eat this week anyway ha ha!
@thiago - when we hit 900k you can buy us all a beer!
@jeff girard don't hold you breath on this....   i ask a few time what is the quality of the card, if they are linen finish but none was able to answer ma question...  even thiago aranha - cmon was unable to answer me.
with 30 min to go i just wanted to thank you all for making my first ks so much fun. the game looks awsome and i hope to see some of you again in future ks projects. :)
@thiago no one wants you to suffer mate - now's the time for that last minute release. let the pain go and lets see this out properly to 900k.
do they say "ragnarök has destroyed this .. and he's going to destroy .."? do ragnarök really have any he in it? or it?
@kbl - no problem :)
the fenrir concept art should be the cover, wow is it awe-inspiring.
@zip - heh @delo - magic 8 ball says 32 minutes...
magically delicious!
@jeff @ub3r  i always thought that the initial goal (50.000) covered that part and anything above that, was just considered frosting, sprinkles and cherries on top. thanks for enlightening me.
@jonathan - yes! shipping is paid for during the pledge manager in a couple of months.
man... is this thing ever gonna get funded? :o)
@ub3r_n3rd; almost, i'm a subgenius every other day!
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
is it 130 for the lot
hahah!
i do see quite a few there johan - thanks.  need to sure check them out more.  more of an old wargamer but this was fun.
thiago, just pop in a print with close-ups of painted clan members as a painting/inspiration guide :) that would be a fine bonus!
they're always after me lucky charms! ღ ஜ ♥ Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ ✽ ✿
@coralline - agreed about fenrir, he's amazing! and yeah, reaper forums are frickin great, very friendly and nice people.
@zip - are you a leprechaun? ??
@thiago - fenrir is all the last day stretch goal this game needed. @ub3r - hahaha! best place on the web hands down!
@900k, new upgrade card surprise?!?!?!
robert, reality check: calling other people |"whiners" isn't an auto-win :) it also doesn't change reality or facts. they 1) presented a basic delivery option as a stretch goal and 2) called it a bonus to you. 'nuff said about another game here, it is good and you'll be pleased (not sarcastic). cheers!
@pete: don't block ads on boardgamegeek and you'll get some banners there for those who pay for bgg. and i guess paying for bgg is good for us all because bgg is awesome :d
@coralline - i thought i knew you from somewhere... :p
@ub3r_n3rd; follow the path of least resistance, and a bucket of gold will be at the end of the rainbow, trust me! ;)
@thiago you do not have to give it to us....just ask eric and adrian.;-)
guess you can email them to yourself and listen later ;d
@ub3r - cool! you're on the reaper forums too?! ( ¬‿¬)
sabaton - primo victoria: https://www.youtube.com/watch… (about allies on d-day.) sabaton - poltava: https://www.youtube.com/watch… (where the super-power status of sweden started to break down due to loss of war and king ..) sabaton - lejonet från norden: https://www.youtube.com/watch… (the lion from north) sabaton - en livstid i krig: https://www.youtube.com/watch… (a lifetime in war) sabaton - karolinens bön: https://www.youtube.com/watch… (the pray of the warriors of karl.)
@robert s, +1 conan was the best ks i've been on, good community, well run and loads of stuff! i only objected to so many conan figs! :)
@pete - no problem! it's down right now for some odd reason, but usually it's up and very active.
thanks ub3r
naglfar would have been nice, another sea 'monster'. and there would have been other great possible sg as well but i think we are here at the end of all time now...
@thiago - no problem. it would probably cause a ruckus with some of the people who aren't getting the book anyway.
@jakub pamuła: thank you for being with us all the time! it really pains me not to have something to give you guys for a 900k sg...
@zip - but... but.. .then i wouldn't be able to buy blood rage!
@pete - i'm a very active member of the reaper miniatures forum. there's a kickstarter section and we all go check it out when new games/miniatures kickstarters are up and about.
@jakub pamula - now i want goats....
@ub3r_n3rd; firewall you say!?! quit your job immediately!
thiago it was a great ride, thank you for being with us all the time! we will break 900k, but sadly, no last sg for us...i was dreaming about naglfar emerging from the depths...but even goats would be nice final touch....
@kbl, probably on fulfilling the extra orders that generated the funds. just a guess, though. :-)
@kbl - it's used to produce the game/miniatures and send out to backers their pledges. not like they got $70k free from us, they have to pay to produce it all for nearly 10,000 backers.
@mikademus we have a different view of the world i guess, i like to think the best of people where i can.  that said, it doesn't really matter, their ks went beyond what they envisaged i believe and at least they just didn't let things fade away.  no one was fooled, we just accepted things gracefully rather than whine.
are there particular places some of you keep track of potential new miniatures oriented kickstarter projects?
i think thaigo said yesterday that the art book will include all art created for the kickstarter including art that wasn't used
@coralline algae: well, i can't promise how many pages will be added to the art book, but it's sure to be beyond 50 pages now.
uber nerd: it's sabaton - carolus rex with the swedish lyrics but english subtitles and video content from a russian movie about our war against them. it's post-viking era though =p
meh, can't see youtube from work pc. it's behind the evil firewall.
thanks all!
@cmonn - you could always post an update saying "10 new pages added to art book" due to the shamans and fenrir. would be kinda nice in place of a stretch goal. ~_^
so just outta curiosity. what will the extra 70+k funds be used on? also congratulations to all, on a successful ks.
@justin - yes you can make the base pledge now and add the add-ons in the pledge manager later
i vikinged you. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
so not only add-on but game + add-ons is fine.
lol @ johan - you ninja'd me, i just copied that to paste here too!!
bottom of front page faq: "can i make just a $1 pledge now? you can make a $1 pledge now, and when the pledge manager goes live after the campaign has ended you can add more funds to get a full pledge and any add-ons you'd like. however, you won't be able to get only the add-on. you'll need to get a basic pledge in order to enter the system."
@johan mmmnm?
yes.
@justin: yes.
so just to be clear i can just keep my base game pledge and add the expansion later in the pledge manager (and it will include all exclusives and whatnot)? this was confirmed by cmon?
@schwartz: "make your own stretch goal guide: bring some cooking oil close to a boil and throw in some miniatures. let them simmer for a few seconds and pick them up and pull them apart."
@ justin - affirmative!
for valhalla, a surprise 900k thank you from cmon  for all backers!
hi! can i add the 5th player expansion later in the pm guys?
grandfather please tell me a story of an outstanding ks campaign.
soon $900k and 10k backers i hope cmon has a suprise for us
i do believe we'll get there by the ozone  divine! ;-)
@renato email sent, thanks
also, throwing this out there for you other painters again. tre manor of red-box-game is near the end of his barbarians kickstarter. he produced high quality metal figures in true scale. some of them would make good stand-ins or add variety to our clans in this kickstarter. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1103158358/barbarian-hordes-by-red-box-games/description
donnbobhardy, that's true viking metal! yngwe 4evaaaah!
we would have been able to unlock another sg ;) too bad we did not have another monster
it's the final countdown!
we need a stretch goal for $900.000 ! ! ! !   :-)
@ben - happy to help out a fellow painter! i'm in it primarily for the figures as well, they are awesome. the game is just gravy for me as i'll see if my d&d group will try it out with me a few times and see if we like it.
thanks ub3r_nerd
@ruud: myth still beat duel of ages ii collectors edition which came in a box of twice the necessary depth with no plastic bubble wrap or styrofoam whatsoever so during shipment the boxes could smash around as much as they wanted to within the external box. and they did ;)
@johan krüger haglert: please use the pm system and casey will try to do what he can for you...
perfect stretch goal then
thanks for the help guys. this is my first backed project on ks. this models in this game look amazing. i am primarily a tabletop miniature gamer so i was hesitant to buy into this but the models are so great that even if i happen to not like the game i can still use them for other games like song of blades and heroes. i am so glad i found this before it ended and look forward to release!
@thiago - lol!
@adrian ruiz, that's be terrible in the us. there's already an obesity problem.
@amaro vitoria: unless it's a surprise to me too...
@deathwarden: ...i don't think so. why would you keep your art book inside a game box? it deserves to be on a book shelf!
@paul. it should be a thiago mini for sure :-)
i wish restaurants were run like ks campaings.  the more people order meals the bigger the meals become
robert s, the only cheaper option for monolith was everything inside the box in a bag. you didn't get anything for free at monolith's cost, you got the standard basic delivery option, at a cost reduction to monolith, and you thanked them for it. that said, i throw away inserts myself so i wouldn't have minded the solution, but it was dishonest to present it as a bonus and outright insulting at the $3m level, but all of you took it as a gift. you were fooled by that sg, and you thanked monolith for fooling you.
@ch, yea renato(dot)lule93(at)gmail.com sorry for the parenthesis and such. don't wanna post a link on here
@thiago: would you be ok sending me an e-mail to dospam@gmail.com and i can send a message there without disturbing this comment section so much?
@ben - yes, you will add more money to cover shipping in a couple of months when the pledge manager opens up. at that point as well, you can choose to do more add-ons such as additional copies of the game, more expansions, or the art book.
@thiago: so, are we done? for sure? can i go to bed? no last surprise?
i'm still holding out for a surprise sg of an adrian smith mini and an eric lang mini.
@becky rose - story section bottom under faq's you can see the scales, the gods are comparable to the vikings 32mm at the eyes.
@thiago, will the art book fit in the box?
@ub3r_n3rd - ah ok. am i able to add more money after the ks ends to cover shipping then?
@ben - no. shipping will be charged in the pledge manager - they are estimating $10-$15 shipping in the usa. go look at story section towards the bottom.
@renato don't have facebook, can i at least here how much you charge? email work?
i am curious, how large are the god models compared to a normal 28mm mini? same or bigiature sized?
is shipping free in the usa? i want to pledge a total of $105 ($75 for the game and $30 for the 5th player thing). i see the game ships from atlanta and i'm in the florida panhandle but it hasn't added shipping costs.
@mikademus yes, we said thanks, they could have just ended the ks and let the cah pile up, but they added that on which will cost them, so we have something to store and transport a lot of miniatures in.  so yes, we said thanks.
@thiago aranha - cmon yea, i found one but between his commission and shipping from california to florida it really adds up. thanks for at least looking into it.
come on just drop a bonus sg or everybody will lose their mind hehe...
@ch, they've already said you can't get in to rnb as a late backer. i've offered to help a few people out via my pledge manager though if you wanted to contact me via facebook. same name as here with an sf giants hat as my profile pic
thanks you thiago and cmon! i am looking forward to september. hope to hear and see a lot of you until gÖtterdÄmmerung! for the glory!
@mikademus, still beats myth, which just tossed everything in baggies together with the coregame in the box used for shipping..
@ch: sorry, i don't think it's possible to get in on the rum & bones kickstarter. unless you can find a backer to piggy-back on his pledge.
by mjölnir! nice back door @thiago ;-)
belisarius: the conan 3m boxes for the minis was a sham sg. you got the standard packaging (the cheapest and at the same time transport-safest option, the same as arcadia quest uses but didn't pretend to be a stretch goal) and you thanked monolith for it. :roll eyes:
i saw it, too. now i can go to bed.
@johan, yea i am keeping my fingers crossed, since they are still allowing those backers to change pledges.
are people still asking for more free things? come on.
@the schwartz: we were just about done tweaking thor's sculpt, attaching the goats to his awesome carriage, when the sculptor dropped it and it smashed into a thousand pieces. thank the gods the thor sculpt escaped unscathed, but i'm afraid there won't be time to redo the goats.....
$888,888 dollars!
@thiago/cmon -- since the box is likely to be heavy, and some will try to cram in as much as possible, maybe the last "stretch goal" could be just making the box sides thicker?  in other words, using thicker cardboard to make it sturdier.
@johan krüger haglert another way of saying good luck resolving your technical predicament ;-)
@ch: i don't think they really do late backers but maybe you're lucky :)
thx @thiago aranha
soooo... is it september yet?
+1 collector box we all are collectors, thats why we are here!
@thiago aranha - cmon  might have missed my question, was there anyway to add money via the pledge manger for this game to get a copy of the and the expansions of rum & bones? thanks
lol the idea of how large the box would have to be to fit all the stuff i'm getting for only $100 is why this pledge is so awesome (not to mention the amount gameplay ill get out of it, which is unboxable. not because it's not a physical object but because im gonna play the bejeesus out of blood rage)
@johan krüger haglert i does not fit into the retail box for sure...
thiago, it means that there is an image, usually on its own paper, covering the naked cardboard inside the to lid of the game box. it looks very pretty and luxurious for the games that does it and apparently costs very little.
@thiago: i think both sides can cancel the pledge so to say. i don't know how it works though. if it's a ban which disable me from ever getting back in or not.. i assume one could regret the action but i have no idea whatever it would had kicked me out or not. i'm pretty ok with trying .. depending on what the alternatives is :)
a collectors box would be a nice stretch goal. conan did that when they were scrambling for ideas on the last day. it fits all of the stretch goals. in this case it could include the stretch figures, expansion boxes and exclusive in the rams add-on.
@thiago aranha but it would be a great last sg and not too expansive to produce.
well i'm off to to life stuff, will try to be back for the end! :)
@psyco363: the art book has likely gained quite a few extra pages already, what with shamans, gods, extra monsters, and the glorious fenrir!
still hope for huge  cardboard tokes pictured with lava and stuff that could be used to cover the destroyed provinces on the gameboard. this would look so cool i guess seeing the world beecome smaller and smaller.
i wonder what is on the back of the clan boards? is it plain boring black, or is it clan art?
@ben blohn: you have nothing to worry. you extra $30 will be used for whatever you tell us you want to use it. you can even ask it back later if you'd like.
can we have a biger book? more pages?
@thiago aranha - cmon ask gamezone about the inside printing of the box. they do that with hq25. but hey they will not answer you anyway. they stoped talking since the funding is over^^. but i still belive i will get my hq25 game  :-).
and what about that thor sculpt @thiago! ;-)
and what about a poster of the epic viking on the box as a last sg? i am fan of this art!
no need to discuss an extra box if it turns out it all already fit into the retail box =p
@schwartz: what?
@angelripper: that would be a pretty large box, i fear...
may the ozone divine be with ya @johan krüger haglert
@ben blohn: lol. i'm very confident they just won't take your $30. but i'm also pretty sure you can add it in the pledge manager too and all stretch goals are unlocked anyway so do what you want :) see the faq at the bottom of the page. even paying just $1 is enough to be able to add more stuff later.
@mikademus: printing the inside of the box? if you don't mind my asking, what's the point of that?  i don't even know how we'd go about producing such a thing...... the clan dashboard displays the full color art for each clan's warriors and leaders. you can just use that as a color guide. or if you want a better look at those art pieces, you could get the art book.
*push* @thiago aranha - cmon you could give us a nice big box in that would fit the retail box + the gods of asgard box + the shamans + all other stuff we get. even more great would be if the 5th player addon and the artbook would fit in aswell!
@mark: but they want the $30 of course. and i guess lots of people have accepted paying it. it could had been a $100 ks but now it looks like a cheaper one but .. yeah .. that may not really be the case :)
i'd rather add the extra $30 for 5th player when i know for sure i'm getting it through the manager. i can't just add $30 to my pledge and then have them say oh thanks for paying extra...i really want the ram clan.
@thiago i just found out about your game company and really liked the rum & bones games after backing this, is there anyway to still get in on that?
@johan krüger haglert: sorry about that. not much we can do at this point. i don't think we are even able to ban backers...
@thiago: what about a print on the box inside? another really appreciated thing would be a paper with suggested color schemes for the clans.
viking clan skirmishes... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/590134953/open-combat-miniature-skirmish-game-rulebook ...or gods and monsters ! i think this sounds interesting. any experienced gamers comment?
@ thiago, thanks for your quick reply!
@char - yes (75+25+30 = $130 total pledge for everything).
@johan krüger haglert this will not happen and i still would prefer the big box and pay for the 5th player addon.
@thiago: i've contacted them but i'm not sure it will be resolved in time :)
i thought the separation of the backdrop made it pretty clear it.
anyone of you who have a game from cmon can tell me if the card are linen finish or not. because i don't own a game from them......
we so could have had another stretch goal
@ruud2009: mini-sized, like zombicide.
@ben: pay $30 extra or possibly wait for the pledge manager and add $30 extra and pick it then :)
@ johan -  or even a discount on it since $30 is quite a lot for a backer-price, for a fifth player. ;)
@johan, ah, really screwed up! sorry nothing left except await the time out/ks end, and see what happens? :)
i just backed this. how do i add the 5th player thing?
@johan krüger haglert: i'd advise you to contact kickstarter technical support. if that does not resolve your issue, we can offer you a refund. but that will only happen after you've been charged.
i wonder why they pulled the 24 cards of the unlocked extra race. i understand it for financial reasons, so it's not a free 5th player expansion like the add-on, but still it seems like a little of an unnecessary money grab.
@angelripper: make your last stretch-goals 5th player included for everyone instead, way better ;)
130 is enough for everything right?
@uber nerd: but not only exclusives are left out. the gods and shamans too. they just aren't exclusives. they may have done themselves a disservice by now showing that clearly because people may assume all the rest will end up in the retail box.
@thiago aranha - cmon you could give us a nice big box in that would fit the retail box + the gods of asgard box + the shamans + all other stuff we get. even more great would be if the 5th player addon and the artbook would fit in aswell!
great! thanks for explanation jeremy bedwell, johan krüger haglert
so i presume i will know when i will receive the game !!!!
thiago aranha, what is the card size?
i was lagging apparently, anyhow i didn't misunderstand, but my answer came after his next question.
agreave: i can't reach the manage page. on the blood rage front page if i press manage pledge it reloads the webpage and says "your pledge is still processing. please try again momentarily." so i can't cancel. i supposedly can be banned from the project but then i can't pledge =p
@ovatha71: cards are same quality we use in all our games.
i don't want any more sg components, but a ks exclusive collectors box at 900k would certainly help keep things tidy!
@ub3r_n3rd - a bad excuse in my opinion, regarding such a higher "bonus" than expected.
@ubernerd: or get the retail version and accept losing out on some extras. likely a better solution unless it's a very bad game and hence sold cheap :)
also, the shamans & the gods will be their own expansions.
@sniegov: no, gods of asgard and shaman of midgaard will be expansions sold later.  i think ub3r_n3rd mis understood your question.
gods will be retail but not in the core as far as i know
thanks renato lule !
anything with the red "kickstarter exclusive" tag is not included in retail version.
@sniegov: exclusives will be exclusives. the others will likely be available or at least can be available but not all of it will be in the retail box. most of the monsters is supposed to go into the retail box but not the plastic markers and not the gods nor the shamans afaik.
@ub3r_n3rd thanks!! so gods of asgard will be included in a standard retail product right?
@johan, you may have tried this but have you tried hitting cancel pledge? then come back on a buck?
@mark glen jespersen - read this: . thiago aranha - cmon 1 minute ago @mikademus: as much as i'd love to give you guys something for this amazing last stretch, the fact of the matter is that we're tapped out. :-/
likewize @popenx, likewize :-)
@sniegov, if you look at the main page, they have all the stuff included in the retail version in a nice convenient box that says core game. that's all the retail stuff.
if you want it after the kickstarter, you'll have to buy it off evilbay err ebay...
i am amazed that they did not throw in another sg/gift for reaching 60~70k+ since the last sg.
@the schwartz ever the optimist. it has been a pleasure.
we want last sg :)
@sniegov - kickstarter exclusive is exactly that... it is exclusive to kickstarter backers only, not retail.
i wonder if thor is the actual santa claus (sleed, rain-deer = capricorns and so on.)
will all the stuff apart exclusives from a ragnarok pledge be included in a retail version of the game or some of it will be available as an expansions ??
but we still haven't seen the finished thor sculpt! for the ozone divine! ;-) or i'd hate meself if i didn't try! ;-)
@will ah, that sounds bad. i was checking the game on some stores and found it hard to see any info about extra models and scenarios. hell, ffp does not even have sob on their main website. maybe some day i will pick it up, but need more local friends that are into tabletop games so i have someone to play it with.
ks had a an issue before and didn't worked as it should and i guess my previous change is stuck somewhere in the system as kinda being worked on but not finished .. and unlikely to finish but need to be reverted / unlocked / timed out / whatever.
if the wolf is the last stretch goal and it was 60k ago, there's not need to pledge up front to the max  - you can just go the minimum and defer additional purchases to later with pledge manager - that's why stretch goals at the end help, they encourage people to go all out.
what is the quality of the card in the game ?  linen ?
@will: because ks says "your pledge is still processing. please try again momentarily." each time i try to manage my pledge ..
how to communicate with queen games: back a new game and leave a message. your first one may get a reply. if you want to contact them again wait for a new project and repeat .. (supposedly the message system on ks isn't all that good either.)
@johan why dont you back out of the project and back in at 1$?
you could always give out ious for free hugs at gencon :)  also, if they do this, does anyone want my iou? lol
why are people pushing for extra stuff. i admit it would be nice but it has to be difficult to come up and design them on a fly like this.
@will: i don't think communication is connected to actual game play. however it's of course sad with any company which doesn't communicate or live up to promises. queen games is totally terrible to communicate with too.
thanks thiago and cmon and everyone here for an entertaining ks campaign. till the others! lo there do i see my father;  lo there do i see my mother, my sisters and my brothers;  lo there do i see the line of my people, back to the beginning. lo, they do call me, they bid me take my place among them, in the halls of valhalla, where the brave may live forever. for the glory!!!
@mikademus: as much as i'd love to give you guys something for this amazing last stretch, the fact of the matter is that we're tapped out. :-/
@thiago: guess you don't want to but for me it would be alright / preferable if you simply banned me (as long as it's not from all cmon projects) and contacted me through dospam@gmail.com and if that would had been an ok way later. i have no problem with bank transfer or paypal or whatever. i'm not convinced i want the game so i don't want to have it pay $75 really. of course there was the refund possibility but it still charges spreads and fees (on the card.)
with all that delay and almost 0 communication i kinda lost all the hype i once had for sob.
this will land somewhere between 900k and 1m. cmon, you really need to throw in something extra here! :)
joahn: how about asking for a 74$ refund after money are taken? that way you should be still counted as a backer for the pledge manager… is that viable @thiago?
@johan krüger haglert well i'd a 140$ early bird and got sucked into upgrading for 500$ to minecart post ks and added all the extras as well for a total i rather not count ...
anyone knows if (apart exclusives what is obvious) all other stuff from ragnarok pledge will be included in a retail version of the game or some of it will be available as an addons like "gods of asgard" ??
another vote for a final stretch goal included please, we have smashed the last one and are still going strong!
@the schwartz. the ozone divine, is that the smell when you open up a new boardgame box ? i love that smell..
off to work, for the glory!  great job on the kickstarting up to this point.  can't wait to see as we move towards september
@agreave: i have a $75 but it's stuck because i tried for get a $70 and i want a $1 :)
for the ozone divine @dbh!
nowadays we only go as far as getting drunk. we forget about the plundering part :)
@johan, you must have some sort of pledge as you can post here!
not for oden?
later!  if i'm not back for the end, "for the glory!"
@will: i still wouldn't had mind a $145 copy. however i didn't cared for their project at all due to the stupid mine carts catastrophe. which they had no intention to fix.
thanks @david, @renato and @donbob !
"your pledge is still processing. please try again momentarily." bla bla bla.
@runeclaw backed sob because it sounded so cool, but i've to say ffp is not doing a really good job though.  the first minis were lackluster and an horror to build up. and then we got little to no news beside the fact that the add on were almost pushed right away 1 year late and then another extra 6 months because nothing has been playtested ...
@johan krüger haglert: you need to be a backer to get access to the pm.
@thiago: ban and unban? =p
@thiago: oh =p. you can't just get me access to the pledge manager later through mail then? or do that rely on ks too?
i remember people last year were saying that kickstarter was going to change their policy to make it tricky for backers to pull out of a project at the last minute. was that just a rumor?
@will: ok :)
@johan krüger haglert: i think if we banned you, you wouldn't be able to get back in...
damnit, missing top gear. shouldn't bother about this. stupid ks.
i came here via backing seith and sword: a viking fate of the norns game. might be of interest?
will gods of asgard be the part of retail version of the game?
@johan krüger hagler that monster is from reaper 1.
@marcin: as small as possible? that would be a new thing for 98% of the board games.. ;)
come on cmon, you need to reward the tremendous over-funding with somethingsomething extra!
@thiago: if you can somehow "throw me out" of the kickstarter and grant me access to the pledge manager later at dospam@gmail.com please do so since ks doesn't work as it should.
@bobdonhardy. didnt know about that. knowing that retail space is at premium i would think the designers would make it as small as possible to fit core elements. its just the engineer in me speaking
@gooner https://www.facebook.com/pages/the-others-7-sins/1478864392330945…
how about a pirate stretch goal? or chibi ninjas? wait, think i just stroked out there for a minute!
it's terrific that all the sg were reached.  i only wish there was one final sg at 900k.  some kind of monster.  for example,  light elves, storm giant, stone giant, or fire-drake.
and what about me goats! ;-)
@thiago: is there any way for you guys to throw me out of the kickstarter and maybe free me from getting in again on the level i want / just grant me access to the pledge manager? i want access so the idea would be to pick $1 but ks messed up before and i tried to get a $70 slot under that time when it was available and now i'm stuck not able to change my pledge because i guess their data base is messed up / i'm in between pledges because something broke at their end.
@thaigo 900k stretch goal???
will there be a surprise stretch goal if we make it to 900k? heheh.
@andy: of course i can't change my pledge regardless ..
@andy: yeah $1 will get access. both said by them and also in the faq at the bottom.
@marcin -  most of cmon's games have a lot of excess space in the box.  i was able to fit all of arcadia quest's extras into the core box.
@gooner, idk about "soon" but people have been talking about "the others". it looks great.
guildmaster box please!
@gooner - it was called blood rage.  you missed it!  :p
never seen this before: https://boardgamegeek.com/image/2255810/myth…
@donbobhardy. why would it? they eould have to redesign it for retail. it is not efficient
@andy dorman - yes, $1 will allow you to get into the pledge manager and buy the game + add-ons + pay for shipping.
did i hear something about another cmon ks due to start soon...?
wow - just logged in to find we blew through the 820k stretch goal by 60k, think that deserves a new stretch goal - "come on cmon"
@donnbobhardy: we can't tell yet. but i'm pretty sure we can't fit everything. we'll try our best to make the core box fit al least some of the basic extras.
@marcin "codevirus" that is how i feel about the game "shadows of brimstone". i so regret not backing that game. in fact, that regret is what made me back this game. if i regret backing this one, it's just money i missed out on. if i regret not backing it, i would keep on drooling over the figures and regretting not getting them.
will $1 pledges get access to the pledge manager on this? i could do with passing this onto next months pay cheque ideally.... damn cars!
surprised we're not seeing some kind of last goal.. so much $$$
it was an amazing stack of cards the french and german backers got though (instead of the regular cards, but i guess they didn't got those.)
one more cooool fantasy troll or something :d a non god!!! comon! one more kickstarter exclusive super cooool minature! i think its to little trolls... sea monster etc.. more like that.. to many human looking figures! comon! its tails about vikings :d
@ cmon... we crushed another 50k come on that's gotta count for something!!!
anytime someone mentions conan, i kick myself for not jumping on it. please stop. lol
@thiago - do we know if everything will fit in the core box or not?
for myth it would help having a good game first. like take the $6 now, deliver upgraded content to september. if the game didn't sucked then ask people for the other $300 to back the new stuff.
special box
@thiago aranha good to hear ;-).
i've backed conan and blood rage. you can check myth journeyman. they are super generous with sgs. just remember that the code game is the biggest pledge. the core game is huge !!!
there should have been a sg for a special kickstarter box of the game, designed to hold all the stretch goals and ks exclusive figures, just like conan did.
@agreave: i know very well indeed. that's why i wrote awesome jeremy clarkson and so on.
@angelripper: thicker ones.
i bought a laminator to laminate my dominant species boards. i haven't done that and no-one want to play the game anyway and it was a total waste and those are just thick paper.
@johan, fifth gear i'm aware of, just didn't realise the former colonies had a knock off version of top gear! you do know that mr clarkson is suspended currently and the series suspended? :)
@thiago aranha - cmon like the old zombicide player boards or the new ones from season 3 (they are thicker)?
my myth pledge came with a "special stretch goals box", all thrown on top of the regular box.. but of course it all was held together by an external brown box ;d
:-(
no luck for a special strech goals box like for arcadia quest? such a good idea ;)
@andreas schiffelholz: player boards are zombicide-style.
it's like listening to a "not hans zimmer" soundtrack ..
yeah there is us top gear and australian top gear and there's also fifth gear. us and australian have three guys who try to act differently who do stupid challenges. but it's not top gear.
@delo: don't worry, he'll sign every single card.
hey eric.. we know you're reading this stuff.  c'mon.. get your pen warmed up.
quick question: are the playerboards made of thick cardboard or comparable to those of zombicide?
@bill: different browser won't solve shit either. it's ks fault. also ie is so shitty it likely won't work even if ks was totally fine .. ;)
+1 for erics signature! :d
i actually kinda would dig that sig...  but carpal tunnel is nothing to play wit, mang.
actually that's a cool idea having eric sign our boxes!!
there's a us top gear? *shudder* how awful :)
johan - different browser?
@johan i don't see it open for eb again.
@marcin "codevirus": i'll pitch him that idea. i'm sure he'll love it!
i was backer #700, it was insane that first day when all 750 sold out in less than 3 minutes!
lol. i can't manage pledge and one is open again but i can't manage to take that either ..
missing a us episode of top gear was a blessing from the gods. lol
idea for final sg. each box comes signed by eric. only about 10,000 signatures would be necessary.
maybe i'm thrown out now then and can fix it =p
(backer #20) no.. you can't make me... i'll never give up my early bird spot... no way, uhn uh... forget it.  just turn around and walk the other way.
poor 751 and 752 :( i will raise a tankard to their memory!
@donnbobhardy: ah, then i get it! :d
missed all of top-gear because of that. but it was the us one so not all that much of a loss. now it's top gear: the perfect road trip. with mr awesome jeremy clarkson. haters be gone! =p
purged from valhalla?
we're down to 750 ebs!  we had 752 awhile ago.
didn't it happen when ks took that dump a while back?
oooooh @johan-you broke the internet! :)
http://i58.tinypic.com/6p4u4i.png http://i59.tinypic.com/ws5s03.png http://i57.tinypic.com/287hta8.png
i don't think it would allow us both through. first would had got it and the other would had been rejected. it was likely only shown available a longer time because none could do it because ks was borked at the time.
didn't you say you tried for an early bird when one opened up?
@coralline algae: hear, hear! i hope all of you are readying your beverage of choice to celebrate the end of all things!
@johan, i'm wondering if it's because you are "stuck" as that 751st eb when there's only supposed to be 750, so you and someone else did it at almost the same time, but they got in and you got stuck.
751? you mean i was that? or it's your way of saying at $75?
@andrius - that's not true at all. after a successful raid vikings spend their time feasting & drinking. let's follow their example!
nope. logout, clear cookies for the three kickstarter domains, close browser, visit again, login and try didn't help.
i just hope the shipping does not go silly on this one-as the 60 day wonder will come out if so this time!
@popenx. season 3 was my first one. i kick myself for not finding out about it sooner. missed some nice exclusives.
@ub3r_n3rd; we could have reached another on on $90k, if there would be one. =p still have to pledge for my 2nd game, but will wait now for the pm. spreading the costs. xd
@johan - maybe you are stuck as the 751st pledger for the eb.
sergio m +1 (or an upgrade of it, like more cards) jorman +1
i'm still sitting here chuckling at the doubters who were so worried we wouldn't hit all the stretch goals for this game. i love saying, "i told you so!!" muahahahhahahahahahahah!
@schwartz, i have pitta bread and chilli sauce left? :)
@uber_nerd: i'll try. but i think it's ks which has messed out. it was slow before and they had a message on it on their page. there was a $70 open and i tried to change to that. that didn't processed as it should. now the site is back but i can't manage my pledge at all because it's left in some weird state since before.
no more sg? +50k or +70k over the rainbow and nothing? realy?  thats so non vikingish... :p
@ovatha01: no idea. seem like most producers go with linen. i guess i'm ok with linen at least with bright not very detailed cards. but matte is better.
is the thor sculpt finished? i see the goat steeds have pulled long and hard, they deserve a place in this me thinks, eh thiago? ;-) and hey! we shamed the kicktrack prediction from earlier, good work!
@johan - try logging out, wiping your cookies, and logging back in. see if that helps.
f*g kickstarter b*s* let me change the pledge damnit. stupid piece of s*
@marcin  wish i was there for zombicide. love that game
@coralline - exactly, i don't know why people keep asking when they keep being told that it's not feasible and that they aren't going to do another "last" stretch goal. just be happy with fenrir, he was added because of us. :)
we could have reached a 890k sg :(.
@jorman - fenrir took care of that.
@jorman - just like the last 2 zombicide ks campaings, no new stretch goals for the remainder.
jorman +1
@agreave - i think you nailed it. ha
@ticiano lino: valeu pelos comentários. vamos fazer os ajustes que forem necessários para deixar o jogo o melhor que ele puder ser. don't think we'll change the clan colours, though. but thanks for the input.
nothing special at 10k bankers or 900k step.... two long hour for something more!?? give us a ragnarok to remember!!!
amazing
i think zombicide 3 was also a well ran and communicated campaign (and my first one). the community it created was amazing.
@coralline, you were on r&b and you know how that was, i think this was a 'nice' blip, and on the '7 sins' it will be business as usual! :)
last sg at 880.000 a 10 usd discount in the 5 player expansion? :-) congratulations cmon ¡for this succesful ks
got to hand it to them for this one though. it was an amazing campaign! loved everything about it.
@kelmantor - beautifully put. couldn't agree more. @johan krüger haglert - i was pretty close to writing off cmon because of their terrible communication also. my decision is still a work in progress.
@roger b, my guess is that they will probably come in the retail boxes like the zombicide expansion figs packs. :)
just to let cmon, guillotine games and thiago know, you guys did a great job at sending this viking ship into the great unknown. you held to the standards that make giving you money an easy thing to do. it was a smart, well run campaign. the game looks to be a blast to play and the figures, well, they say enough on their own, "blood rage!!!" ,cue heavy metal rock music. thanks from my greedy little heart!
wow, this may end up hitting 900k...
thiago, parabéns pra todos os envolvidos, esse é meu primeiro ks e estou ansioso, o jogo parece muito legal e bonito. pena que minhas considerações não foram levadas em conta, porque realmente acho que principalmente as cartas dos deuses e a trilha de pontuação ao redor do tabuleiro foram feitos um pouco às pressas e poderiam ficar bem melhores, mas enfim... esse frete + taxação certa pro brasil vai me prejudicar. vou dar o endereço de algum amigo nos eua e tento pegar qdo der. just so i don't lose my whining side: are the clans' colors carved in stone at this point, already? it wouldn't affect gameplay at all, but i thought: raven - purple, serpent - green, ram - yellow, wildboar - brown, bear - red and wolf - blue.
@johan, i got sw retail so i know your pain! this is with mcvey too but they seem to have learned the mistakes! :)
this too is my first cmon kickstarter. hooray for the newbies!
will the expansion stuff fit in the main box?
@evi was 7 lefti think when we got to fenrir =p
what is the finish of the card... linen or normal ?
"your pledge is still processing. please try again momentarily."
such an awesome campaign to be part of. the stretch goals were crushed mercilessly.
@agreave: guess that would had been good for me.. to actually get the notifications at least =p i never backed sedition wars due to the poor communication and lack of interest to show the rules. and since then i've stayed back of cmon. the rules turned out horrible too so .. that have helped. since then they have released some games which hasn't been a mess too though. but of course they are always expensive and always full of plastic :)
what?  no more stretch goals after fenrir $820.000?  :-(  there's still two more hours to go!  :-)
@steven, this is pvc mk ii if you like, think 'dust' and star wars ia figs, so only slightly bendy but not enough to shed paint, to be fair the reaper stuff is quite flexy but no paint shed (so far!) my only worry is for the spears and other 'thin' parts :)
@cmon - first time cmon-backer here. thank you for an awesome campaign! i appreciate the pledge value and the way you have handled add-ons and exclusives.. i like that you treated this as a blinged out board game instead of a miniatures-campaign, so that gamers could spend 70/100 $ (which is a lot for a board game!) and not feel like they were missing out.. also the ks exclusives are nice, but they are relatively cosmetic, which will hopefully mean that most people will also be able to enjoy br at retail. so, good job! i hope the high number of backers will persuade you to do more campaigns like this one - i´m in for another ride :-)
@gyulai tibor: don't worry about it, you'll get access to a pledge manager later where you decide what you wanted. and the shipping cost are just estimates atm. i assume you could also just have $75 and add the five player expansion later, it help with stretch goals to do so now but they are already open anyway. anyway it will be sorted out. no worries with it :)
arcadia quest looked cute in the ks but i never looked at it more than that. lots of cute minis games. that, super dungeon explore, krosmasters and so on..
hi! i backed the project with 105 dollar (without shipping). i need the base game and the 5 player expansion. how can i sign this? in the pledge manager shows no shipping, and the expansion dont displayed as purchased.
fucking stupid ks still don't allow me to manage my pledge since their page fucked up and there was a $70 slot which i and likely tens more tried to get. and now it's stuck and don't allow me to change to $1 because it haven't processed that or whatever. damnit.
@steven maier look at the production images on their facebook for some idea. there's a reason reaper bones does as well as it does, and that's really bendable pvc. painting it is fine, just don't expect the crisp details of resin or newer hip. this looks more like descents recent offerings though, so probably not nearly as bendy as bones.
in for two!  just started playing arcadia quest with the missus this past week (we love it!) and, oddly enough, picked up marvel dice masters for the first time also this past week.  so of course blood rage was immediately on my radar.  digging the miniatures and the viking theme.  my second backed project on ks.  ^_^  can't wait to see the final product on my table!
@agreave, thanks for the info. the reason is why i was asking is because i'm used to painting gw miniatures (which i think is polystyrene) or resin miniatures (fw and such). pvc is new for me as a miniature plastic. i also read that the pvc would be more like those older toy soldiers, so bendable (to a certain degree) and soft. can image this would decrease the paintability and yields softer details in mass production... perhaps my uncertainties with the quality of pvc miniatures are unfounded and fed by mistrust of the material, so please change my mind if i have it wrong... it's my only concern with fully pledging for this game and the mini's... the game looks great, but i would mostly get it for the awesome miniatures!
so stoked for this!
@marcin, in r&b we got an xmas gift and the last sg even though we didn't unlock it so you never know :)
@steve: thanks for the link -very good idea i would add one of these to each province when it is destroyed (& also flip the counter), so i don't think a name is really necessary
almost enough for a $50k sg!
thanks
@marcin, once cmon have your details they email you their campaigns, monolith may do the same eventually but best advice see web sites like tabletopgamingnews or beast of war etc :)
i am not holding my breath, but in zombicide 3 ks, cmon gave everyone a final treat for successful campaign. i hope they will do something here too but of course i don't feel entitled to anything. all of the sgs make this an already great value.
can the extra money after the last stretch goal cover part of shipping costs for the backer?
@steven, reaper with their 'bones' series say no primer required, i did the endwath (?) dragon and just washed and painted and it was fine :)
@snon i'm planning on getting these: https://www.coolminiornot.com/shop/beveled-edge-bases-40mm-lava-flow-5.html for the destroyed lands, might try and find an engraving place that could do the bottoms with the names.
@paul s, well good news is privateer are releasing starter sets (all in one box now) including some of the web shop only's figs so start up could now be reasonable (i am uk so price????) i found it too gwish so lost interest and did malifaux instead.
quick question that has probably been asked here before, but going through 10000+ comments is a bit much at this point... to my understanding, the models will be pvc. but i wonder how will this affect painting the mini's? will the primer required for painting affect the pvc? do we need 'special' primer for painting these pvc mini's?
how doni find out what other games cmon or guilotine will kick start. i am bumbed out about missing conan. dont want it to happen again
thank you guys. makes sense. i am a completionist so it would be too expensive. plus i just read about it and i am not sure if the world is that appealing to me
@agreave - and thank you!  i am going to embark on painting up my battlelore set soon.
@snon: no plans currently for foldouts in the art book.
@marcin - i was tempted to back myth, but the world is so intertwined it seems and the modules might not hit retail, and with my personality i was looking at almost $700 to make it what i wanted so i ended up not pledging. @agreave - painting them is one of the biggest reasons i want to get into a miniatures game! :)
@marcin - i did the first campaign and then sold it all unopened.  by the time i got it, i'd heard a lot of horror stories about it.  supposedly, the rules have been fixed and they were the worst part.  also, there's a huge buy-in to get everything.
@snon: sculpted rangarök tokens would not have been feasible. they're quite big, there's 8 of them, you need to be able to flip them on either side, and they must have a province's name printed on one side. just too much of a hassle for a sculpted token.
mr sousa, warmachine? better get them painting skills going my friend (the gladiators did look good!)
sounds good. thanks thiago. i'm really looking forward to seeing the gameplay with the shamans. those guys sold me on the whole game. i was only interested in the minis until they hit the table. heck of an upgrade.
@thiago: will the artbook have one or two folded sides for a (very) large panoramic view?
it would of been nice to get a bigger box to fit everything in,  . like arcadia quests guildmaster box
@nicolás mogollón  ---  you just click manage pledge and add the dollars needed for those items. *after* the kickstarter, they will have you fill out a form with what to do with the money.
nicolas - you just raise your pledge by the appropriate amount.  alternately, you can just wait and raise your total in the pledge manager.
anyone pledging on myth? is that looking interesting? anyone knows anything about it?
hi, i'm trying to buy the 5th player expansion and the art book, but i don't know how, there is no option to buy the add ons. can you helpe me before the funding closes?
@thiago: how about ragnarök/destroyed counters also as sculpted tokens (blazing red flame) or skazz about 2 hours ago ... add the nice cardboard tiles that have the shape of the different provinces and could be used to cover the provinces when they are destroyed due to ragnarok.
kickstarter couldn't handle so much epic viking awesomeness!
so while we're all just hanging out watching thiago's mead fund rise i have a question.  anyone on here play warmachine?  i am considering getting into it and was curious just how big of an initial investment is needed to really enjoy it.
cmon ==> $_$ face lol :d
kickstarter's defenses were weak. the blood hordes took a swipe at them for fun. just a little poke.
@coralline algae: yes, i'll do my best to give you regular updates whenever we have something new to show or tell.
@delo, cheers :)
conan has the team element, where blood rage does not. i believe blood rage to be played quicker and may be easier to learn, while conan requires teamwork and further tactics on the long run
can we just hit a last money monument, jormungondr. that would be sweet.
@agreave, kickstarter threw up a bit
@thiago - are we going to get regular updates after the kickstarter ends? i'd like to see the finished sculpts for the wip figures once they're done.
what happened, did someone break the internet?
which will a better game: conan or this? quite different games but still, any opinions? :)
i'm early bird backer #20... yeah, a bit excited about this one.
possible 2nd edition  -please consider then a (smaller upgrade) option for 1st edition backers (example: 6 player board + special cards/rules instead again full box with the "old" 6 clans) or full game with 6 complete new clan figures & then a (small) discount for 1st edition backers
wow, we've already passed yesterday's total!
752 ebs?
true that.  most campaigns start off with a bang
this would actually be terrifying at the very start of a campaign. to have the wind taken from you sails right when you're making your first splash would be devastating.
no 3 other got the 1 earlybird i was trying to take ;-)
that could really be devastating for some kickstarter campaigns that are in their final hour.
i've tried to post that 3 times.  third times the charm!
uff, got scared there for a second. thought ragnarök had arrived early!
@ub3r - i'm more of a game guy than a mini guy, but thanks for the recommendation! @eithereven - i meant on this project, not on ks in general.  :p  i subscribed on their website to hear when the ks starts.  it looks good so far.
glad that's over.
finally!
thanks :;d
@gawain no probably i may have missed your comment... oh well i tried just to let the discussion going on a little bit more xd
@jf_fuenla - yes!
at least that is my past experience with other ks who even if did reach all sgs giving the high succes they gave a little freebie (just some special ks exclusive tokens adding more choices to an existing modukle  but it was somethign as a thanks)
hi i can pledge 1$ and later in pm up to 75~$?
@donnbobhardy - yes :p https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1103158358/barbarian-hordes-by-red-box-games/description
@donnbobhardy not true my friend, i'm waiting for vampire hunters in april. check it on fb....https://www.facebook.com/pages/vampire-hunters-by-dark-gate-games/1563677073855967…
@lance: i tried to guess the total amount, it was $871k. did i got you wrong? but maybe we'll climb even higher ;-)
dagnabbit!  the discover link is down!  anyone have any suggestions?
i will stick around unitl it closes... who knows maybe a little surprise could come up if we continue to get lots of pledgings ;)
well.  i guess it's time to go find another campaign.  i don't think anything interesting is going to happen here until september.  other than seeing the full fenrir sculpt, of course.
@theodore +1 for more campaigns like this one
you were trying to guess how close to fenrir we would have been... now try to guess the exact amount :p
thiago & cmon thanks for making this an amazing campaign. best bang for my buck i could have hoped for and i didn't need to break the bank with addons. i'll support every campaign you run this way. i know it's not the typical cmon mo. but showing the success of this campaign hopefully they are run more like this in the future. rage on guys.
@lance: we played this game 48 hours ago, it was a lot harder at that time ;-)
@ivan - either one.  with no more sgs, you can just wait until the pledge manager at this point.
let's play a game: try to guess the final amount... closest to it wins a free internet thumb up and possibility to enter valhalla! i say... 893754$
given that most of the sgs didn't exist when i pledged, i'm ecstatic at all the wonderful miniatures included in this offering.   heck, even without the game, just the norse figures are more than worth it :-)
so, how do i purchase the expansion? do i add $30 to my donation, or do i wait until after the campaign ends? i am very confused by this.
you could probably make a simple expansion for this without too much trouble.  make a board that plays more players, add a clan or 2, put some 6 (or even 7) player cards in, include nidhoggr (and other lesser monsters), and you're done!
gods of war i call you my sword is by my side i seek a life of honor free from all false pride i will crack the whip with a bold mighty hail cover me with death if i should ever fail glory, majesty, unity hail! hail! hail!
@thiago - ah, makes sense about the card fitting on the dashboard. not ideal, but not a deal-breaker either. hopefully it won't adversely affect game play. nidhoggr would go a long way toward easing the disappointment...
@donnbobhardy: $900k will be close at least. my guess was $871k. it will be fall close of that.
what is the finish for the card ?  linen ?   if not maybe a upgrade :)
@andrius: seeing the resounding success of this campaign certainly encourages us to think of a future second edition. eric has already shared with me a few interesting concepts for some different things.....
@agreave - ah.  ok.  that makes sense now.
@bill that would be a terrible idea simply because majority would drop the 5th expansion
does anyone know the size of the game board (inches or centimeters)?
@donn, in the video!
@agreave - cast?
actually - adding the clan cards (the 5th player cards) to the free clan would be amazing.
@coralline algae: i guess we could try to make a video with the extras, but that could wait. we still have several months ahead of us before release, that would be great to tide us over.
@all: well, feeling a bit stupid as i did not see the update n° 28 :( apologies to cmon and back to the extension, so +30$
@tiago, but what about 2nd season in the next year? :) still so many interesting things, beasts, units and boards left undiscovered :)
there's my original projection of $850k.  can we beat $900k?
@adrian ruiz: i am oh so glad to say there's been very little whining. makes me proud.
and please lose the 'cast', please-i can offer money!!!!
one thing i have thought they might do. perhaps they are working on testing 6 players and a pledge manager surprise will be a double sided board and 6 player rules and added cards. .. gives us something to hope and dream about for the next few months or so
how about uploading another gameplay video that includes the gods, shamans & fenrir? you don't need to use the official minis. it would be great to see how the full game was played. i understand that you probably couldn't make a video for a few days but it would be great to see it.
i returned for the whining.
@skazz: it's not an issue. the gods are always redistributed to undestroyed provinces at the start of each age.
@thiago just get you metal body down to the shirt printer and make us a couple og hundred blood rage shirts ;) ... or maybe release the logo *coughs*
*puffs cheeks out* *slowly turns blue* *passes out on the floor*
if it makes all your more stretch goal fans feel a bit better.  pretend the ram shaman was 820k (and not the 2 for 1 stretch we got) and and 860k is the wolf.  then you can play a game for the last few hours!
@mubod, pvc is the material.
just on rule question: what happens to a god if he is in a province that gonna be destroyed. this could happen due to fenris i guess.
@mjcc - it's been confirmed.
@donnbobhardy: i'll look into it, but don't hold you breath.
i have pledged one dollar and no reward, since to my understanding i can change that to a full order when the pledge manager starts. i know a lot of people have asked this and i am just confirming ;) my financial status right now isn't famous...
@thiago - but if you made it an extra, so the retail still had the small ones, then those of us willing to take that inconvenience could have them!
yes, the art book contains nothing but art, and little bits of flavor or descriptive text.
i'm afraid there's nothing to be done about the size of the cards. given the way you upgrade your clan by placing cards on your dashboard, bigger-sized cards would be impractical.
@cashwiley - if you're willing to cover shipping (and are in the us), i could help you out.  my email is in my bio.
haha - maybe studio mcvey have learned their lesson about adding extra unplanned items to an unexpectedly successful ks, and thats why there are no more sg's. agree with everyone who says the game, as it stands, is completely satisfying.  but a little sad to miss out on the excitement of opening one more present.
just joined up! although i'm sure it's mentioned somewhere but i haven't been able to find it.. has there been any mention of the plastic being used for the miniatures? the sculpts are so detailed it would be a shame for a low quality plastic that just flattens them out!
gotta say, it was kind of funny to watch all of the comments saying "what if we don't unlock all of the shamans" or "we'll never unlock fenrir in only 14 hours". what a riot they made!
@matlockheed, you seem to have been missed but the art book is art-really nice art-but art! :)
overall i am very happy with the stretch goals as well. fenris for sure will be the thing that will be remebered. my second ks with fenris in it.
if the mold is the problem for extra minis it is posible to pull a closed path of minis, even if they mix some diferent minis. if the case is not possiple i prefer to get 2 games and left the expansión, the monsters are great!! i need more to paint!!
the worldserpent is in the game allready - hes just called "big sea worm something really boring"  i soooo hope they change the name to the midgards worm instead, and "big giant fire dude" to sutr etc
not allowing add-ons without buying the game = canceled pledge. i just wanted the book.
if we add another 50k from the last goal perhaps we will be gifted another item... heres to hope
i'm completely satisfied with having no more stretch goals fenrir was all the sg i needed. ^_^
i know this is from a little bit ago but to add to @jimmyz's point about the molds.  the other reason it may be happening is that they do not know how the molds will be laid out yet.  if they were to commit to a pack of monsters it could either not fit optimally or need multiple molds to pull off.
i think the wolf was 'the' bright light in this ks and i'm grateful, i won't blow smoke though-i hated the shaman sgs, most boring dull sgs ever imo (well maybe the god ones were worse?) but a clever ks to achieve the amount and backers in the time, very clever. and i, a confirmed add on hater, was shouting for add ons, who knew!! :)
woof woof aroooo
what about the world serpent?
no more sg????????? why?!?!?!?!??!?! at lest a bloodrage tshirt!!!!!!! please!!!!!!
what is this?  i wake to see the mighty fenris wolf is in our midst?  a mighty creature he is!!! so, no more sg, huh?  did thiago say anything in response to the begging and pleading (i'm sure there was both)...?
eh, don't count on the 10k backers, that's a lot to go in 4 hours.
now i just wonder if its gonna hit 10.000 backers
@popenx - absolutely.
i'm glad with what we got. we totally surpassed what the creators expected i think. i'm not spending anymore money so any add ons would be wasted on me and i'm super excited about fenrir. this is all more than i could ask for. thanks oh mighty creators
@agreave - lol, true true, i was just thinking of the distinct sculpts when i put that 6 shaman, but you are absolutely correct about there being 12 total shamans.
a t shirt i could wear on my manly chest at a metal show would crave great respect ... especially when i make it clear its a boardgame not a metal band ;)
@joe brown - i'm not disappointed at all we hit the top end of their stuff and fenrir wasn't even originally going to be part of it, he was a final figure brought about because of us wanting him so bad.
@ub3r, there are 6 'clans' so 12 'shaman'-that's all :)
little disappointed there are no more stretch goals. we're 26k past fenrir, and i'm sure we could've hit one more in the next four hours.
maybe if we can wave our money and yell loud enough?
@ruinaes - i would also buy that add-on.
i wouldn't mind a little extra for the expansion ;-)
@andrius - depends on how much profit you want.  if you're looking to make a fortune, probably not.  if you're just trying to cover or discount your copy of the game and are willing to take the time to go through ebay or bgg, then go for it.
@ruinaes: i'd buy that add-on.
i would still love an extra set of cards for the boar clan. just make it an add-on. the good will would absolutly carry the pledges upward. i know that the game was balanced for 4/5 but should we really believe that the time and money were spent on a full set of clan sculpts including shamans and were never considered other than just being "skins"? really now?
@agreave - pardon? how is it terrible, what did i mess up?
very pity, thats its no more sg, because we have 4 hour left and some berserker angry to hit more and more, but thats it... so, people, i am buyer, not seller, but could anybody give me advise, it is worth to buy second core box witth all exclusives and sell that all for example, 6 months after september? :)
ub3r, really your math is terrible! :)
i just thought i would give a shout-out after backing the project! i can't wait to get this game home.
go to the story section and see the base pledge picture, it has everything in there now, including fenrir and the 6 shaman.
@shakall unless i missed something all the shame. we're unlocked?
shakall, lol, we already got the shaman a few updates ago.
@shakall, but you have them:)
@donnbobhardy thanks for the quick reply,loos like your doing thiagos job today lol
just give us nidhug ;)
@thiago: i thought a physical poster might be out of the question but perhaps the other option or even something at retail in the future might be a consideration?  anyhow, even without it still hyped for this ks :).
@shakall - there are no missing shaman, they are all 6 included in the base pledge.
i agree an upgrade of the card size would be a big improvement to the quality look and feel of the game i think.
i was expecting the last free sg some of you talked about or at least a free sg with the missing shamen.  obviously, they will not come into play as fenris is announced as being the last sg. extension to 5 players definitively  canceled.
i'm fine with no more sg. but there is one thing i miss. we have a doom token for the next region that will be destroyed but we do not have tokens for those who allready destroyed. those are still cardboard only and the after everything is replaced with 3d tokens on the board those will look unfitting.
@mark - yep.
@mark tresidder - yes
@bonelock - the sizes/scale of each is in the "story" tab at the very bottom under faq's. but yes, they will work with pf & d&d figures.
man.. the art book looks pretty awesome.. and it's exclusive... kickstarter, y u do dis.
how would the blood rage figures work with pathfinder battles and d&d miniatures? they look like a comparable size.
another question, would i be able to pledge at say 10$ and choose no reward and still get in the pledge manager phase?
yes yes! nidhogr, hel and glamr! still waiting for me goats, bring em on! ;-)
please thiago, even a goat if we arrive to 1000k xd, but we need any sg.
does the artbook contain anything like additional game rules/variants?  or is it strictly art?  from what i've seen, it's entirely art (not that there's anything wrong with that), but i just wasn't sure if there was anything else to it.  particularly from a game point of view.
just backed today and have a couple of questions/comments: 1 - would most love to see the nidhoggr added. 2 - are the clan colors already set or could they be modified to better fit the associated animal?  bear - brown is great serpent - green wolf - red is fine (white or gray would be great) raven - purple would be an awesome fit (or black) ram - yellow wildboar - not sure, maybe brown if bear was black 3 - the miniature cards gave me reservations. unlikely as it is at this point, any chance of upgrading to full-size cards? 4 - not a complaint but a question - if alternate sculpts were planned, why not have a male & female sculpt for each clan instead of one clan of  all women and the rest with all-male lineups? this would have been a great chance to do something fairly unusual in gaming and reflective of the source culture. that said, i am looking forward to this game. i owned midgard and liked the gameplay but the bowling-pin vikings limited the thematic immersion enough that i let it go. very glad to see the game re-implemented with the fantastic miniatures!
ha. . . that is it. you can get extra minis but it is a random grab bag for $15. could be a troll inside. could be a giant inside. could be 7 first player tokens. . . a grab bag for glory!
@mark - sure will.
is there going to be a pledge manager phase? will i be able to pay for additional copies and add-ons during that phase or do i need to put down all the money now?
@jimmyz - that's an excellent point... but i'd still pay for the other random figures to get another troll or giant. that would make it odd though, so you're probably 100% right. would be weird and not worth the hassle for cmon. a dreamer can dream...
@tiago cmon, now, after all, could you tell to us, to all your thralls and warriors, there will be second season of "br"? tiago, please, the true to us tell you must...
a 850,000 sg would be nice though ;)
great ks for a great game. incredible rise almost 1m with only 2 add ons i would love last sg with another big monster or a double sided board and see how much we can go. a ks without a sg at the end is not the same but... thank you very much
wooden case for miniatures to all backers if we make 900k?
@donn - i would think perhaps the company doesn't want to put out an awkward set. people may still want it and buy some, but likely there would be people bitching because they got this or didn't get that. seems like extra headaches for them in my eyes. . .  bigger cards would have been nice, but they would make the game harder to play because the player boards would have to be much larger than they currently are.
at last fenrir has eaten the sun .
@donnbobhardy, agreed
@ mr bushtroll, yup thinking i can use these minis as a viking saga force when not playing this game. also am getting some open rules so i can use these figures in another game.
@thiago aranha: parabéns pela ótima ks campanha., será que no futura veremos mais alguma coisa nova em relação a bood rage? vocês já tem alguma coisa em planejamento?
yep, this was a great kickstarter. it's so refreshing to have a game that didn't rely on add-on after add-on and it was wonderful right from the start. i didn't really expect them to stay so committed to the idea of "you want a complete game, get the core and it's done". amazing. loved every minute of it.
@thiago - ooh!  could we have an add-on/sg of poker-sized cards?  i'll play this game with the mini cards if i have to, but i really hate those small cards in zombicide.
probably too late now (and it's probably been mentioned before) but i think regular sized cards, to draw into your hands, would've been nice. instead of iddy biddy sized ones.
@jimmy - so?  is someone is willing to pay for that just to get the mystic troll, why not let them?  sure, i wouldn't add that pack at retail, but for here, i don't think it would be a problem.
@donnbobhardy - thanks for the quick answer!
we want more sg... pleeeeeease
@andi - yep to all.
i have a feeling the "set" in a mold would not be to anyones liking. it would probably be like a mystic troll, the first player marker, bear shaman, bear leader, 4 serpent tokens and tyr. . . what i am getting at is that they probably have the molds set to maximum space efficiency which would lead to some very useless items being produced.
cmon thanks for fenrir!!!!
if i only pledge for the core game until the ks ends, will i still be able to add the 5th expansion and the artbook later? can i add extra cash for another core game or addons via the pledge manager?
@ thiago  congrats on a fine campaign!  i'm really excited about this game.  is there any chance, in the future, of resin versions of the miniatures being made available for miniature collectors/painters?
thanks cmon... as for being scapler.....may you be locked in your long house and it torched....a true viking law to cowards and traitors. i am a table top gamer....and look at having these awesome miniatures used in skirmishes and being leaders....heros in my saga troops and playing with d&d campaigns......what a more honor could i do them...then more battle.
i wake up and fenrir is mine!!! couldn't be happier, beautiful muchisimas gracias cmon, now if you ever release a hel expansion with armies of the undead and larger board and more monsters i would buy it for sure! you were scaring me there with all the shamans but you really pulled through with  the wolf in the end! well done!
and it keeps growing.
a 2 sided board, allowing for 6 player would be awesome...sad there are no further sgs.
c'mon, guys...one more stretch goal?  pleeeeeeaaaase?   :)
cool!  i was the 10,000th comment.
@tom - yep.
@thiago i wish to lower my pledge to a $1 and get everything in the pm,when i go manage my pledge do i reduce it to $1 and then choose no reward? will i still be able to purchase in the pm
what?!?!  no more sgs?  this is boring!  such a boring campaign!  imma gonna drop my pledge!!!
@thiago how about a nice 9k/840k celebration surprise & at least one of the 2 youngest clans (ram/wildboar) will also be female warriors -as serpent clan?)
awesome, we made it. give me a year or so to paint this lot, but in the meantime get adrian working on some ancient egyptians as a sequel game! love to see what he could do there.
i'd also buy extra packs of minis. the giants and trolls make that option worth it. easy!
pledger sorry
@luke - absolutely
@thiago@cmon we already talkie-walkie about that but maybe à double si de board could be great as final sg.anyway this ks was great thanks to all the team and pledge.
@skazz - ahh, wasn't part of that one, so didn't know about it. maybe, but i won't keep my hopes up after the comments from thiago... . @zoroaster - oh yeah in the pm would be perfect as it'd give them more time to think about how much more money they could bring in without ks taking that 10% chunk outta them too.
can i add the 5th player expansion at a later date. when paying for the shipping for example?
strangely, my interest in the monster packs evaporated once there were no more sgs to hit.  however, if they were sold in packs based on the molds they are on, i see no reason why this would be difficult.  obviously, selling them separately would be a logistical nightmare, but i don't think anyone is asking for that.
wow, it's amazing to be part of this. no more stretch goals it's ok because the logistics then would be a little problem, maybe a discount in shipping? hahahaha just kidding. i really want to play it as soon as possible!!!! great work cmon!
@ub i know, they said the same thing in trickerion and still gave us some final present ( and just do not call it stretch goal) so i trink we can still dream for another 4 hours
by the way, i meant as in a monster add-on pack for purchase, in the pledge manager.
@zoroaster - yep, same here!
i would love to see add-ons of monsters.  i'm not a scalper.  i collect miniatures and use them for d&d and similar games and would love to have a couple extras of those beautiful giants and ogres.
the strangest feeling campaign i've backed was [redacted].  they actually closed the pledges before the end of it to limit the number of backers so they could deliver on time.  it was very odd, but felt good to get the game as promised.
@skazz - they've already said absolutely no more stretch goals a few times here and it's in the update.
a lot of us would buy extra figures in packs if you guys allowed it and figured it out even if we have to get a couple less desirable if they are made in the same tool
cmon i can't wait to play this game. it feels like september is very far away.
first of all fenris is such a beautiful creature, thx a lot for the little wolf. having nothing left to stretch for feels strange now. really hoped for another big stretch goal at 900k. even it is no additional figure (naglfar would be so cool) maybe you could increase the size of the clan ships or add the nice cardboard tiles that have the shape of the different provinces and could be used to cover the provinces when they are destroyed due to ragnarok. i guess it would be so easy for you to create such cardboards. anyone else interested?
is it not possible to block parts of the mold to do not all minis? as i know it is possible.
@coralline - really? wow!
@bruce you are speaking the truth! the only ones that now insists for add on a e msotly scalpers (with few excpetion)
this is officially the second most back cmon kickstarter. just passed zombiecide 2. amazing.
then you have no "left-overs"
@thiago - don't break them up then, just do a "pack" based on the tools they are placed in. so a pack of fire giant + 5 dark elves = $xx.xx
@thiago i think i speak for everyone when i say i require no more stretch goals, addons, shirts or posters, everything is awesome, and thank you so much! can't wait to see fenrir finished and this wonderful game on my porch hopefully in september.
@mr bushtroll: the problem with doing that is the logistics. the miniatures are arranged in molds that are distributed in relation to the game box they go to. if we sell, say 1000 extra fire giants, but only 5 extra dark elves, that means we'll produce 995 dark elves for which we have no use.
@cmon, re the ships-could we not have a raised clan symbol on the sails, so painters are happy and non painters too?
@mark urlacher that's all subjective i'm afraid. i've sold some stuff from here and made a profit (games i didn't want) and other none will touch. others go up in price once an expansion hits ks - i.e. can't buy myth base game in the uk for love nor money atm and all ebay ones have almost doubled in value! at best it's a punt but with this one being so beautiful and awesome miniatures - i@m sure more than just gamers would like them :-)
@mark - it really varies and it depends how fast you want it to sell.  people will tell you to look at arcadia quest's guildmaster on ebay where it sells for $700 for a $200 investment, but those are listed at the price, not selling at it.  i usually aim for $100 more than what i spent on the single game and gratefully accept extra if possible.  but with this starting at $100, i'm not sure how high it would go.
hey cmon some addons for purchasing the larger miniatures separately and even purchasing different clans....would be a sweet.... a nice finishing touch
over 9 thousand backers. i can't express how happy that makes me feel! what a glorious crowd of warriors!
i have never purchased more than 1 game off a single kickstarter but i was wondering if anyone on here had done it in order to sell later. if so could you give me an idea of what they go for with all of the ks exclusive content? i want an idea before i go in for a second copy.
a mini of adrian smith as a giant for an extra monster would be an awesome last sg.
9k+ nice
if we reach $850k you should toss an extra random warrior in for us to custom paint as ourselves ;)
@koen: sorry, no bases for the ships.  just keep the sails in the clan color, or add some ink to the hull of the ship! @francisco: i wasn't expecting the spansih inquisition! ;-) @david cox: adding a big poster to people's pledges would be quite a hassle.
5 hours to go, probably end around 9300-9400 backers and around $870k
@mr. john - yes i see it now, i was checking updates not story section.  thanks!  can't wait!
literally. cant. wait. to. play this. here's hoping for a sneaky last minute sg :p however, this looks, and plays really well so thank you for producing it!
10k+ backers at the end? :)
@lance - thiago already stated that there'll be no more stretch goals.
@all i would be happy though for a final surprise but i highly doubt it!
@marcos jormunugadr is supposed to be the sea serpent i think... nidhogr though... a nice dragon would be icing on the cake that is already full of stuff! can't complain though this campaign is a success in every way possible!
excluding ships, clan tokesn, and other tokens, i count 76 normal game figures (including 7 big ones) and 12 expansion ones.  here is hoping for a nice midgaard serpent final stretch goal surprise....
jÖrmungardr!!!
all cool @baldypat, i'm sure he'll do another one in a few months, it helps him grow his line of figures and he does have a web store (red-box-games.com) that sells all previous stuff for a couple of bucks more than kickstarter prices.
because i did on my first go round!
@david, exlcuding the add-on would have removed 13 figures. so 81.  did you forget to count the boats too? :)
come cmon if we hit 900k how about a double sided board and 6 player option
lol this campaign beated the crap out of the rum&bones and arcadia quest campaign! double the number of backers of both and pledge amount higher than zombicide s1 too! and people were complaining about "slow campaign" xd as i said though i'm ok in having two kind of campaigns runned by cmon because this way everyone is happy, including ebay scalpers! :p
@ub3r they are nice figures, if i had the spare $ would have pledged for a set.
frank the norse called dwarfs svartalfr, the dark elves, and they were not described as particularly short or broad. i assume that adrian knew that when creating these.
@ danimal13 - there already is one.  the size of the images isn't that big, but it is there.
@jeremy, that count was excluding the add-on
@baldypat - yeah, rbg (tre) makes his in metal, not plastic so it's a bit more spendy, but still cheaper than retail. he's a small businessman, i like to support him and am happy to call him a friend of mine too.
thanks david
is there going to be a graphic showing everything that is in base game, what we get for ks exclusives, and then the same for expansion? base+monsters+gods+shamans+extra clan + plastic instead of cardboard tokens? expansion + plastic instead of cardboard tokens?
and i missed the gods, so +6.  i give up, need food.
@greatlich: i was, 70.  i missed fenrir.
i must have miscounted... i counted 94 minis with the ram clan added in...
@thiago cmon. not all sgs have to be added models that delay production. you could have one that gives a discount or reduced price on something (e.g. 5th player) and sort out during cost of shipping charges to save on reducing amount pledged (age of empires iii did this but did not achieve it). in terms of shipping charges these can be quite high (though pleasantly surprised by the rum and bones shipping). but do have a look at the thunderbirds ks. they have done an amazing job on reducing the shipping around much of the world.
come on @thiago show me that finished thor sculpt with me goats and chariot! ;-) don't get me wrong, this is a great ks :-)
&ub3r_n3rd: i presumed it was adrian's creation. glad to hear it is based on the sagas. it does make sense -- there can't be a lot of hearty food available living under the mountains?
@greatlich: 69 unless i am mistaken.
how many minis are included in the pledge now ? (excluding tokens and addon)
@ ub3r the price of those shield maidens, really makes me appreciate the value i am getting with this ks
sorry for the dislessic typing
@ liang weihao  did you pledge for the game? ; )  i was drawn in for the minis and mainly for the art. just love adrian smith' artwork, its almost  as he did an expansion for the sons of kronos.
@andre: add $30 to your pledge
how can i obtain the expansion to play with 5 people?
@frank - artistic choice made by the artist adrian smith. dwarf minis i actually really like since they aren't the "typical" ones and are more a re-envisioning of the race based off old norse stories and mythology.
@liang - a small number of minis? this is close to 100 minis in this game (with expansion).  that doesn't seem like a small amount to me. . . personally, i liked the gameplay video. i thought it showed off the game well and showed people actually enjoying the game.
proof again that you don't need tons of addons to make a succesful campaign! i hope that more project by ycmon will flollow on blood rage footsteps in the future  (coulb be a nice thing altsrnating between an heavy add on campaign like zombucidea nd a blood rage kind of campaign)
i hate to say it, but i'm deleting the ram clan. i know i can get it for $20 later, saving $10 plus the extra shipping.  we'll rarely if ever have a 5p game. those dwarf minis are the most emaciated i've seen. ever. curious artistic choice. am i missing something? i may pnp the 5p cards later and i'll have the boar clan ready and raring to go. congrats on a great ks campaign! (love the fenrir addition!)
@justin - just wait for the pledge manager to open up in a few months. see if they allow it at that time.
please let me pledge for 3 more sculpted doom tokens!!!
@koen - paint colored symbols on the sails...
got it. first time i've made a pledge and didn't realise you could change the amount. i thought it was set.
@jimmyz -  "clan" would be rank x1 (us) pledge of $40 (for 5 helsmaidens) + $35 add-on (for 5 more helsmaidens) or they are $8 each if you want to get 3 rather than 5 it'd make it $24 instead.  . so what i'd do is this actually: $40 base pledge + $24 (3 more helsmaidens) + $20 mounted elite = $84 or $40 base pledge + $32 (4 helsmaidens and paint one different as the elite) = $72 or for $3 more you have a 5th helsmaiden $40 base pledge + $35 add-on of 5 helsmaidens = $75
@ben:  keep you pledge level but change the amount pledged to $105 to cover that level plus the add-on.
i'm a little short on funds at the moment. can i pledge 1$ and wait for the pledge manager to calculate the grand total and add funds afterwards?
why are so many people confused about add-ons? you don't need to wait, just manage your pledge and add the appropriate amount. it isn't hard.
ub3e_n3rd, a big box don't impact the qa of the game. and will be so cool as ks exclusive! because we have 1box for the core game + 1 box for asgard god + 1 box for shaman.
this campaign has shown the power of having a well known designer behind a game. despite the issues with the stretch-goals, horrible gameplay video, lack of add-ons that would push up funding, and a relatively small number of miniatures compared to other miniatures-based cmon games, blood rage still managed to fund such a huge amount. imho its mainly because of the name eric lang. i sure hope the game is as good as i hope it would be!
@thiago:  the cover art image from update 29 would make a fantastic 36"x24" poster.  is there any way cmon could look at making that available to backers, eithers as a purchasable option or a hi-res download to print? (copyright issues obviously being an understanble restriction).
so, thats it? i pledged $150 thinking i could but some extra stuff (not interested in a book) but there is only $105 + shipping worth of goods. are they going to unveil some extra (new) things or only duplicates of what we already seen?
@thiago , any chance to get extra bases for the ships? when the sails are painted it'll be difficult to tell them apart .
@noitamies ... as in don't pledge on the actual game just put $105 in the no reward?
oh well i could not resist... :/
what would be really nice would be some basic box inserts to keep all the minis from rattling around... encourages us to paint them and keep them safe in th ebox. go on - set us a target like $870k if you like...
@ben ... just increase your pledge to 105$ and use pledge manager later to determine how you spend the money.
i think you all underestimate how hard it is to get into valhalla! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@benjamin - they've said no more sg's, don't want to adversely affect the fulfillment and quality of their stuff by jamming it in at the last minute.
@uber - i like those minis. looks like it would cost about $85 for a "clan" of helsmaidens. that sound right to you? one pledge as a themed set at $50 and then add on a rank at 35.  i may need to look at it more closely though, it seems worded oddly.
75+30 game + 5th player !!
@ub3r_n3rd - do you reckon this one will take that long ???  this could be days and at present it's just a 5th player or book to add on.  this is not complicated compared to some previous cmon ks'ers.
@mark i dont know where you live to get good gameboards for $30 but over here in canada its between $60 and $100 in retail. so, i still think that br is well worth the price we pay + the exclusive in addition.
one more stretch goal... pretty pretty please.
@nerdtown - usually the pledge managers take 1-3 months to get ready (coded/tested/etc) before being released to the backers, from that point you usually have around 30 days to add to your pledge and pay for your shipping.
arrrgggh. his do i add the expansion pack? i can only make the the pledge for $75
just a last sg with a big box to put the core game & all the addon. that will not'impact the game if we do not unlock this sg. but it was so cool.
how long so we have for the manager to up our contribution to $75 or more and still get all the unlocks etc?
i remember one ks gave a colouring book as a sg! can we have a blood rage colouring book please ???
@thiago  can you please explain us know, how you were expecting this ks. seems cmon didn't expect this amount of pledge due the introduction of several add-on as sg. how amount of pledged money was the  expectations? how cmon decided the diferents sg? what is the general feelings from the company about this ks? this ks is going to change the way that cmon focus the next ks? cmon has got to cut some profit from the expected one to feed the backers? it has been so interesting and the backers only have seen one face of the coin. thanks in advance for your answers. another time congrats for a properly done work ^^
day or two*
we need a box to put the core game + all addons!!! plz do a last sg with this idea.
@jimmyz - no pledge manager in the rbg kickstarter to raise your pledge afterwards. he sends out a survey and you tell him what you wanted. he also have a very fast turnaround sending out the figures. the dude can sculpt a figure in a day or to easily.
thank you for an affordable campaign that does not overuse the 'kickstarter exclusive' tag, with reasonable add-ons and reasonable prices. i'm now on the cmon bandwagon.
cmon, give us a 880k stretch goal!!! mouhahahaha
@mark - the complication with the cost of the 5th player set came about when they gave us the 6th alternate clan as a sg "freebie" . . . so now we have 5 clans by default but the 5th player expansion still is on the side as an add-on.
@mark-no one is making you purchase the add-on. it is not required to play the game. many of still want this expansion. they have said it would be the same price at retail, but getting here helps the game. it is what it is, like or not!
@mark turner: if they offered the cards for $5 - $10? i'd buy those as well, assuming i could use them to add a 6th player with the wildboars. i think it's a bit of a misrepresentation that you're only gettting the cards for $30...you really do have to count the minis. my only disappointment is that i can't go to 6 players (i often  have 6-8 players on game night and the first expansion i get for any game is an extra players expansion if it's available).
give unto the masses another stretch goal and we shall shatter it as well!
thumbs up! really good end for the campaing! i for sure feel more confortable with an statement of 'ok, that's all we have left to give you' while showing photographs of finished designs for the models, than the urge to pull into sgs of 'hummm, ok we will do this... somehow' i am also backing conan, but being realistic, the big quantity of sgs and addons undefined clearly at the end of the campaing will for sure become an important delay. i think that on the end conan backers will have a great game and goodies, but at the moment i cannot leave appart my feeling of having backed a lot of promises. blood rage feel more solid and i am excited to play it!
this has been a great first kickstarter experience for me!  great stuff!  plus we are so close to surpassing zombicide: season 2 for number of backers.  how impressive!
@mark turner.  don't forget that your 75$ pledge includes what everyone assumes to be a 20-30$ god expansion and a 20-30$ shaman expansion.
i am genuinely happy for those people that bought and think the fifth player add-on is a great bargain. but tell me - if they offered the 24 5+ player cards as a $5-$10 add-on, without the rams and without the 3 alternate sculpts, would they stick with the add-on as is, or buy that instead? i realise that for some of the minis collectors here that money is no object, $30 here, $30 there - it's confetti in the wind. but for gamers, who are primarily interested in the game rather than the bits, $75 is definitely on the far end of what we usually pay at retail. now in this case, i am happy to pay it deal: the beautiful minis are all gravy, and i'm happy to fork out the extra. it's an eric lang game - in the tradition of chaos. that's great news, and congrats to cmon for pulling it together. but $30 for the 24 cards i need for a 5th player? that's now taken it into a different league. of course the company is entitled to offer whatever it wants, and its customers are free to pay whatever floats their boat, all power to you all! but it is definitely a new kind of proposition to offer what amounts to a "you may now play with 5 players" voucher for $30, take it or leave it. $30 is what many games cost in their entirety! this is one for the economic text books.
i'm still kind of hoping for a rum & bones type last minute stretch goal but we're already getting so much that it really doesn't matter.
are there any other pics on the art book as thinking whether to pledge that as well or not
my god!!! a cmon kickstarter that isn't going to leave me broke!!! i know i've droped in and out of this one, but i really do like this method of ks with reasonable add ons etc. thank you to cmon for taking this approach with this.
thank you all for the swift responses people! kickstarter virgin here and i didn't know how this all works. i will have it all sorted out by tomorrow. once again thank you all!
@giannis stavropoulos it happen to me last week... kickstarter will give you 7 day to solve the problem with another card or the same if you refill your card
@uber - maybe you can shed light on those minis. do they use a pm allowing an entry pledge and then increasing later?  comparing, it makes the minis we get via cmon a phenomenal deal. only reason i am considering it is the helsmaidens would make a really awesome  7th clan and would even come with a mounted female helsmaiden to use as their leader. could just use shamans from another clan for them to round out the clan
@giannis - yes, charged the moment it closes. if you need to lower your pledge, you can do so now, and re-up it in a month or two in the pledge manager. for example if you are in for $105 for the base + 5th player expansion, drop to $75 and then pay the $30 + shipping costs (and anything else you want to add) at that time.
@giannis, it will charge immediately after but if it doesn't go through, it keeps trying for about a week before cancelling.
@giannis - it'll charge right away, but if it fails i think you'll have a couple days to fix it.
a question for anyone that could enlighten me guys and gals. the campaign ends in six hours. will our credit cards be charged at that time? i made some purchases with my debit card today and the money remaining is less that the required sum. i will not be able to deposit any more until tomorrow morning. please tell me that i will not lose my pledge.. =/
@eric can you tell cmon that we want blood rage tshirts that we can wear into the glory of a moshpit ;)
@eric lang your the man /bow \m/
we want more streech goals !! one box for all miniatures for example  :-)
i'm very pleased with this campaign so far. there are only about 3 things cmon could do to increase my backer satisfaction at this point. a little love for the other norse gods and monsters, perhaps in an expansion down the line. a pledge manager before june, bonus points for each earlier month, especially if it comes in march. arrive two months early, like my zombicide season 3 core box did. if none of those happen, and the game arrives on time, this will still be my ks high water mark to beat. thanks, and die gloriously, surrounded by enemies who went before you.
i was about to sugest an easily made add on.. like dice, then irealised the game doesnt use dice... doh!
final count (including the 5th player expansion): 94 individual figures (not including sculpted tokens) 127 individual figures (including sculpted tokens) 47 unique sculpts (not including sculpted tokens) 57 unique sculpts (including sculpted tokens) 8 of those are huge figures on top of all that we get the actual game!!! that is amazing value for $105!!!  congrats on an incredible campaign!
@eric lang: i am really looking forward to playing this, so thank you for what is going to a fun game.  i hope to pick up some of your other creations soon.  a fantastic job by thiago and cmon too.
congrats eric!!!
yeah max pledge here is $130 to get all add-ons, very very nice for how much we are getting.
for my fellow danes in here, when we get the game, lets take on a friday night at the bastard cafe & die together on the battlefield ;)  deal brothers n sisters \mm/
i totally agree with simon.  very good proposals.
can i do an add-on for the art book when you send out your pledge manager?
there, i upped my pledge for the 2 add ons. glad it stayed reasonable compared to z3 and r&b where you could easily go over 300$.
and so... the battle begins! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i need to find my old music albums of bathory... this will fit perfectly for this game.... at least for me :)
@jimmy - i counted all the 6 shaman in it.
great campain, pity not to have a final big end goal. would of loved to see a yggdrasil mini for the center of the board, else níðhöggr. cause every game needs a big frikken dragon.
@uber - you list there being 6 more distinct figures with the 5th player add-on. isn't it 7? 3 ks exclusive alt sculpts, leader, 2 sculpts of warriors, and a shaman sculpt. . .
hi, just jumped in. is there an information what material is used for the minis?
so i don't know about the rest of you guys but... backing conan, ghostbusters, this and myth... my wife use going to kill me! idc tho addict <~~ :d
hey you guys! it's been a wild ride and i'm so glad to have been lurking while thiago helmed the ship (and he did an amazing job!). thank you so much for backing this game with your dollars, but more importantly, with your faith. there are a lot of good games on the market now, and a ton of kickstarters with "cool-looking things." even though cmon is a leader in this industry, blood rage still feels to me like an indie movie with a budget. viking lore is one of my great loves; i grew up with these stories as folktales, passed on by grandparents and parents alike, and remember being utterly captivated by the idea of valhalla and the circle of glory. the chance to make this a board game with these kind of stunning production values, and to bring this brand of fun into the crowded marketplace, has been an absolute privilege. thank you. fellow warriors. and into glory ride!  \m/
toda vez que leio shaman em um jogo sobre mitologia nórdica, me parece como juntar samurais e deuses gregos! es klingt einfach nicht gut shaman mit ragnarök zusammen, sogar ein bisschen absurd!
no more blood to spend you say! but where's me goats i say!@#$?!? ;-)
this one being so cheap allowed me to back rbg kickstareter again, i've backed 3 of tre's ks's, great guy, awesome sculptor and puts out amazing figures very quickly.
great campaing. it would be nice like a last sg to have slots for storage all the miniatures.
@thiago, é verdade, sofremos kkkk
thumbs up guys! this package grew from really nice to fantastic in just over two weeks. hope the rules (especially balance issues) will be equally high quality. see you in september(ish)!
sorted. all is well thank you!
i don't have the funds to back that ks and it only has 3 days left.
@rodrigo marra: se tivesse como melhorar o frete, pode ter certeza que eu daria um jeito. infelizmente, brasileiro sofre....
will someone over at cmon give eric lang a big ass hug for me!!!!!! and start arcadia season 2! :o
@thiago:  how about one last simple sg, a print at home, self assembly kennel for fenrir? :d
@great ham-el they are actually
while i never have anything against nice free stuff, i have to say as things now stand, i'm very happy with this ks.
@thiago, thanks!! congratulations for this campaign!! agora, vocês poderiam melhorar o frete para o brasil né, a dona dilma está quebrando a gente e alguém poderia ajudar de alguma forma hehehehhe
oooo, thanks jimmy. hopefully same scale.
what about a new pledge with a new box to put all this nice stuff ? they did it for the conan game. it would be nice to have everything in one big box.
@jimmyz - i'm a huge supporter of tre manor too. i'm actually also in that kickstarter too. he's got those helsmaidens and just unlocked a mounted helsmaiden.
@jevr: i want to take my time with this. no need to rush a decision. we'll update you when it's settled.
i just saw this. might be of interest to those wanting more females. there is a 5 piece helsmaiden set. get 2 of that and you have yourself a new female clan. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1103158358/barbarian-hordes-by-red-box-games
@thiago any updates on the time frame launch for the others?
hello stu, just up your pledge to $105 now, and the details get sorted out later. hows the family?
"honey, i'm hoooome! did you walk the dog already?" "awoooooo!" *snarl!* *snap!* *bite!* "guess that answers my question.." $0k !!! congrats to cmon, thiago but also to all of us :^)
stuart, just increase your pledge by $30.
@thiago, out of curiosity have you decided about the shaman final name?
wow, i didn't expect final sg to unlock in the time it took me to get back home.  well done all!
really pleased i supported this game.  very excited.  how do i get in on the 5th player expansion? will it be available to add at the end of the campaign as i cannot seem to add it now?
@rudolfo - perfectly stated. i'm also very happy. get out of here for $100 (plus shipping paid later).
http://youtu.be/n1webfdr-go something to celebrate this ks!
@rodrigo marra: the others will be something different. the cmon game it's closest to i guess would be zombicide, but it will be very much a different kind of beast.
left my thoughts on the final update, but well done @thiago. let everyone know there how wonderful a ks campaign this was for us. if anyone feels short-changed with the two full expansions and amazing ks exclusives in this campaign (which were stretch goals and not optional add-ons) they are fools. the add-ons themselves were optional and didn't make me feel like i had to part ways with 100s of dollars to get a complete game (though i have added the 5 player expansion :) ). well done brothers for unlocking fenrir. i'm a happy man tonight.
i only came for the whining.
i'd like a kind of tribute to st patrick, in memory of the viking raids in ireland, as today it's st patrick's day. maybe a drunken viking figure to celebrate the victory in the game.
maybe that thor image could be used for inside the box lid?
so what about those t-shirts ;)
@thiago: thanks for not sleeping during the last 14 days. well done and thank you.
thank you all for the compliments and well wishes. this has been an awesome campaign! sorry to this disappointed by no more stretch goals. we wouldn't want to compromise both the quality and the delivery time by shoving something else at this point.
@thiago, any spoiler of the "the others"? it will be more like zombicide, br or something different? will be a 30 days ks?
in case any other figure painters are interested! . the final breakdown! . base $70/$75 pledges: figures total of 40 distinct (8 ks exclusives). $70 pledge = $1.75 per distinct figure $75 pledge = $1.88 per distinct figure .  base pledge $70/$75 + $30 expansion: figures total of 46 distinct (11 ks exclusives). $100 pledge = $2.17 per distinct figure $105 pledge = $2.28 per distinct figure
great ks. i congratulate everyone. thanks cmon
@cmon how about an sg giving a reduction on the shipping ($5 increments) or an add-on deal for additional game with two expansions for $110 (that expansion is seriously overpriced!)? now i wonder how long before a 6th player expansion set comes out (larger board, 6th clan with shaman, extra cards for the deck plus card card)?
@loig, compare this to the ghostbusters and you will be no more disapointed! i beleive that they did not expected such sucess
i meant bummed not biked :)
my third cmon kickstarter and i still couldn't be happier. thanks cmon and thiago for a well run campaign and for being easy on my wallet this time. i think i'll finally add the 5th player expansion just because there is nothing else to spend my money on ;)
the only reason i would suggest one last stretch goal, is because it is in the final hours that most kick starters see there big money.  i bet they could break a mill easy. but if there is nothing left then the 9000 people already in this will be done, and it will be the slowest final hours in kickstarter history....
glad i jumped on on this, another crazy ks ending :-) must remember not to go through the tabletop games section of ks for a while or my wallet will cry.
really great campaign, thiago! should be a model for certain games that suit it; great work!
no more sgs? that's kinda wack. guess i don't need a second copy after all.
ok so i'm oficially disapointed. no more strech goals? really? not even something to dream for? like sculpted tokens or something.... well....
no chance we can get frey as an additional god figure?
@thiago and cmon thanks for everything!!! it indeed was an excellent campaign!!! (now i can rest my eyes, they're begining to sore). beautiful art and minis. i'm so sorry that i don't have more money to buy at least two copies of the game, but alas, i'll probably be my favorite boardgame for a long time!!! thanks thanks thanks!!! (trifolded thanks!!!)
the wolf marks the spot where all worlds end. thank you so much for this weel-run ks-project. looking forward to the game and the artbook!
awesome! time to hold the heathen hammer high!
$820k in funding with minimal add-ons, lots of free content in the base pledge...well done indeed
@the collector what do you want more... a t-shirt? just kidding.
@collector yes.
@cult librarian scott: hehe, yeah. anything beyond 820k goes to the "thiago ale fund". ;-)
i'm really happy for the thrilling end. it has been an amazing to pledge. congrats everybody for this amazing ks!! have a beer (or two)!! for the glory!!! ^^
so even with 6 hours left we can call this ks over now.
yep, thank you for a well-run ks!! i'm excited about getting the artbook by adrian smith, the minis, the game...heck the whole package!! :) kudos to the whole team and all the backers!
@ cmon do you not want any more of my money?
well! i'm really satisfied with this ks, even if i was a bit grumpy in the shamans sgs period. i'm glad i came on board and will enjoy the game and those exquisite minis. congrats cmon for another big success! :)
still time for more ;) 40k more might be doable.
@seneca - that wouldn't be smart of them to do the $100 for resin of each figure, there are over 40 distinctly different figures. i'll post the final count in a moment.
look at it this way: we have just under 7 hours to build thiago a legendary beer/mead fund.
i'm a bit disappointed there are no more sgs but at least there was no stupid goats involved.
well i am very pleased with the end result. i am quite satisfied i got my money's worth and look forward to a smooth pm and shipping on time.  this, to me, is worth another sg. congratulations to cmon!!
free shipping to australia stretch goal? a guy can dream.
we got the wolf but where is his matser ragnarök?
6h time for one more sg ;-)
even fenrir was a very late addition and the "sky limit" for them.
ah - cmon, just offer a resin edition for the painters (1 of each miniature) for 100 bucks. you may see the ravens soar...
rats part of me was still hopeing for the cards to use some of the conan minis as factions or say the not red sonja mini as a merc you have to bid rage for oh well great kickstarter glad i was here:)
@thiago & cmon - thanks for a well run campaign and am excited to see how quickly this gets delivered!
well so much for the techno viking zombicide character
no more sg? :_( is a bit anticlimax...i was expecting that the sky was the limit...
i was hoping for a stretch goal to get an extra base for each ship, so that when they are painted they are still clearly recogniseable :(
then is fulfilled hlín's second sorrow, when Óðinn goes to fight with the wolf, and beli's slayer,bright, against surtr. then shall frigg's sweet friend fall.
for the glory!! as predicted "at least 820k" now to wait for the game.  awesome!
but..but.. now what will i stare at all day?
even with nothing else for a stretch goal this was an awesome awesome kickstarter. congrats cmon, studio mcvey, and guillotine games!!
as my first ks this has been a fun ride. glad i got in, now just have to wait for this awesome game to come in later this year!  for the glory!  oh and the goats as well! lol.
that was an epic run...i couldnt be happier
what ? no sg ? not realy !!
well i'm amazed, just got in and checked and there it is-well done all! :)
@peter - i don't think they were ever going to be add-ons unless this campaign performed way under their expectations.
how about that sweet box art as a print.. seeing it in that update made me really appreaciate it!
biked there are no more stretch goals. wish they would have added plastic trays for the player mats or something as a far extra stretch goal (and possibly addon if it didn't make it)
sorry guys, there's simply nothing left (unless we take paul sousa's suggestion and make the next stretch goal "fenrir's sculpt gets a head added to it".)
that weere all the sg, no expansion update? :-) oh well .. let's see how the gaming coins ks goes .. ;-)
congratulations all around, never seen a short ks nearly this epic!
is it september yet?
6 hours to go and no sg? where's all the stuff that would be stretch goals if the shaman/god expansions were add-ons then?
@sakerio, no. :/ maybe as a thank you at the very end. mcg did it with mercs recon.
nope thats all folks:)
so excited for this. for the glory!
hmm i do think it might be cheaper to buy another copy of the game to get extra miniatures as a box of 1 clan costs $30 and you can get 4 clan for $75 by buying the core box... seems strange.
"there is another......"
we made it!
nice run everybody!
tyr is crying :p
no more sg to crush :'(
no more sg. time to cash in cmon hahaha :d
gah! no more???
as the bard says, let loose the dogs of war : )
pause while cmon scrambles
no more stretch goals? do you know what withdrawal symptoms are?
welp.
fenrir! awesome. :-)
it's over people... no more sgs
and padded!
release the hounds!
all hail the devourer of worlds! fenrir!
bring on the last stretch goal. one more for glory!
congratulations fellow backers! 820k!
im gonna high give tyr on this one ... ooh only one hand ? #standupjokesinvalhalla
what happens in pledge manager stays in pledge manager
i'm so happy right now. *ugly crying*
70k in 11hours. happy st.patrick's day!
yeeesss
devour the sun!!
now we just need to get past the buffer :)
that buffer will be gone in a minute.
*snap-clink-clink* awoooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!
amazing.
@anthony - the optional purchase is available today if you up your pledge to the $105 (and it'll be charged to your card right after this closes) or you can go in for $75 and wait a month or two for the pledge manager to open up and add it along with shipping and anything else at that time and pay for just those things. anything added in pledge manager does not count towards today's total and the stretch goal(s) being met.
the fenriswolf is loose! aw-oooooooooo!
come to me wulfie !
for the glory! for the glory and the minis!!!
is there no way to get extra sculpted doom tokens!? why is that an add on? don't we really need 4: one for game board 3 for side board?
booom baby!
everyone needs the fifth player expansion with tim the enchanter's clan!!!
and there was 820k :)
wooot!!
wow i figured we would get fenrir, but that was insanely fast! :)
what next
ding! 820k unlocked :d
ding! 820k unlocked :d
yeahhhh fenrir released!!!
$820,000 achieved! unfettered will fare the fenris wolf and ravaged the realm of men, ere that cometh a kingly prince as good, to stand in his stead. all hail fenrir :)
done!!
running on the fumes of the ozone divene! gimme gimme! ;-)
820k! congratulations!
with fenrir on board i'm seriously thinking about getting two copies in order to resell one.
@anthony the optional purchase can be done before (pledging 105$) or later using the pledge manager. keep in my that the second option doesn't help to obtain stretch goals ^^
did it
woohoo!
ahhhhhh almost!!!!
auuuuuuuu!!!
i'm really looking forward to this one, the sculpts look fantastic!
give schwartz his goats!!! goats goats goats!!!! ahahaha
boom!
@anthony: you can do it today by managing your pledge and adding the money ... or later in a pledge manager, but if you can do it today, you help unlock fenris;
@anthony unless i missed something big, the base game is 4 clans, and the optional $30 add-on is a 5th clan....
@anthony - the rams?  just add $30 to your pledge and details will be dealt with later.
antony: just add the 30$ now :)
@ tom its in update 10 check it out
@tom - conan will include a crossover scenario in the nordheim expansion.  frederic henry is making it.
please don't bash me, i'm new. is the optional purchase of the sixth clan done today or later?
i just up my pledge from 75 to 130$ :)     beautiful game. the mini are soooo amazing !!!!!
alright.  i gotta run.  should be about 500 comments to churn through when i get back.
i mean at this point, they pretty much have to give schwartz his goats as a 1m sg.
i say the guilt of releasing fenris is collective, we are all guilty ;-)
shouldnt there be a crossover with the conan ks ? or did i miss something?
i might as well dump $500 bucks now just to see whats next
i'm pulling my pledge if the next sg is not a punchable camel.
a resin monster set would be an epic high end stretch
we will now pause while 20 different backers all try to time their pledge so that they can be the one who unlocked fenrir.
since he likes us, maybe this time @thiago will allow us a -$500 buffer as he knows we will clear fenrir with ease
next sg is fenrir's missing parts.
@paul, a certain person from conan ks would jump on board here for a winged ape :-£
i was really hoping they were doing fenrir. i knew they would not disappoint.
@paul: hahaha
ahhh this is tense!!!! the chains are about to break any minute now!!!!!!
almost
alright cmon... whats next???????
i would laugh if they posted a $1m sg for a winged ape next.
ok, gonna watch us unleash fenrir, and then go for lunch. irish stew!
1k :d
remember there is a $500 buffer we must overcome before we will see the update.
yeah, donn. same guy.
@donn - that makes it even more unlikely to be done as different people want different sets. the only way i can see this being resolved is for everyone to buy an extra copy right now and after we get our games we have a massive swap meet with the extras!
don't waste time typing, we gonna see what is next in minutes! less than 1k!!
getting close to us having 10k comments too :p
and $75 for 50+ minis is a steal, considering quality and size. imho. and soon the wolf shall devour the world :-o
bada-boom!
i can hear him coming....
less than 1k people!!! yieeessss!!!
less than 1k?! holy!
$1k!
a lot of people would love an extra pack of monsters as a pledge manager add-on, i bet they can just baggie those suckers and people wouldn't care about the package being cool or anything spendy.
i do like the female warrior sculpt as an idea, we are seriously lacking and viking/norse women did play a significant role in fighting as well... where are all my shield maidens at?
lol
@nivesh - aren't you the $10k guy from yesterday?  now you're planning to drop to $1 pledge?
@jimmy - i don't think anyone wants all of the minis.  a pack for a certain clan.  a pack for the giants and/or trolls.  smaller subsets.
1500 left (+ or - a troll buffer of about 10k)!
less than 20 pledge needed, 7 hours..., it's good :o)
are these figures 3d printed? also, just to confirm, i will not lose out on ks exclusive stuff if i change my pledge from 75 to 1 then again to 75(during pm), right?!!
many have asked about extra minis. (first), they are 99% unlikely to do that. primarily because (second) it is highly unlikely it would be possible to do new packaging of just the minis and have it less than the game itself. . . buy a second copy and you can use the extra board as a poster!
yes, and hel would be nice too. and she is female, which is another plus.
@ phoenix that's a +1!!
a yggdrasil centerpiece would indeed be nice though i prefer to give them hel :)
i'm at work, have to pay salaries (working at the treasury of my country)... mwahahahaha but everything can and will hold it!!! the big bad wolf is coming!!! mwahahahaha!!!
if the next sg is really good i'll probably double my order just to have full backup set.
this campaign is flying!! - there might even be room for yet another stretch goal..? just a small one ;-) maybe an extra god or hel :) keeping my fingers crossed that cmon has something in the drawer that they haven´t used yet...
i would also love a yggdrasil centerpiece very much. no extra rules, but huge impact on the visuals.
i wish i could order just another set of the miniatures as an add-on. i suppose i could just buy another copy, but i was hoping for less than $75.
@ don... so there is ...uh .. well...
@donn - when i lose? odds are i am rarely going to get to play it as i have no gaming group. i need to either rectify that soon or block myself from ks. @thiago - black or red it shall be. . . i agree those are the best options, but it seems like i always see cmon people wearing blue. and maybe you only wear yellow shirts. :-d
@donn you better go now.that will take you all day lol
2k to go! keep rolling that chariot me goats!
2k left! will my ipad's battery hold out?
$2k!
~ $2k left... the fenris-wolf is soon to be "released from its chains".
hurry!  i have to go setup for marvel legendary soon!
@crimson - there is one in the core box.
bonus and/or stretch goal when we beat zombicide season 2 for 2nd most backers ever on a cmon campaign?
can we get a valkyrie model? that would be nice
i also would like to point out that i predicted way in advance (at the very beginning of this kickstarter) that we'd hit over $800k! to the people who scoffed at me, all i have to say is this:  . pffffffffffft! :p
check out open combat in kickstarter. between that, conan and blood rage there can be some awesome gaming crossover.
@jimmyz johnston: guess i'm a large. and how could you make a blood rage shirt in any color but black?  ok, perhaps blood red...
@donnbobhardy - perhaps, if it was a 40k sg, but what if it's a 50k or 60k? would enough new people join in the last 7 to get us over the hump? my guess at this point is that we'll end at around $855k
@ub3r_n3rd a yggdrasil centre piece is a good idea... i may have a few bits at home that would fill that void nicely.
@thiago - many thanks!
@donn - nidogg is my guess for the next sg. . . which we will get, have no fear
@jimmy - you're certainly welcome to flip your board when you lose.
@thiago i kinda figured as much. so i guess you will surprise us with something just as exciting here in a few minutes, maybe an hour tops?
@zombie57 if you really from london you can see in update #61 that the last ship is expected arriving in 2 days. there is a good chance that the partner in germany started shipping already, if not important parts are in the 3rd ship.
@jeremy - thanks!  i misunderstood the monsters as a whole and thought the ages they were listed for meant they were only usable in that age.  that's what i get for speeding through the rules.
@thiago - woohoo. . . thanks. . . does this mean i get my flip board now? ;-)  (just joking of course.  but do tell me what size and color polo shirt you want. i am serious about making a blood rage shirt for you. before anyone else asks, it would not be for sale as cmon has to license any such endeavor.)
just over 3k left!
we just did $70k in about 12 hours, right?  so, we could get another $40k sg.
@donn - thanks again.  i shouldn't have just skimmed the rules i guess. :)
just increased my pledge to get another copy. the amount of stuff you get for $75 is crazy. now, let's get that wolf to make it even better.
@paul. thatn!means other players need to pillage the area that he is in and win to destroy him before the ragnarok phase
@sakerio: profit margin doesn't really increase significantly with huge campaigns. a huge ks is a very complicated endeavour to fulfil. shipments get broken down into several containers, any surprise is exacerbated, etc.
by odin, ragnarök is soon upon us!!!
tree figure of yggdrasil would be awesome here, but unless it was a paid add-on, i don't see it getting funded in the last 7 hours.
ah well, it was a pipe dream anyway. :d
@zombie57, hahahahaha, that comment made me laugh loudly. it does look like the comment said that though. :)
@paul sousa: if someone gets his card in  the 1st age, yes.
i think yggdrasil would be amazing, but i'd be inclined to keep that mini for a future expansion with a second board. the tree mini could be a stand allowing asgard (or hel) to be stacked above midgard! how awesome would that look?
hmm i don't know the accounting of the campaign of course, but i would think that the profit margin would be much greater at that level?
@paul - if he is drafted during the first age, he'll be in play for all 3 ages.  but that is true of any monster in the first age.
even if it doesn't, we'll still make sure to put him in play each age :d
actually, doesn't this statement about fenrir make it seem like he'd be in play for all three ages? "meanwhile, if the other clans wish to be able to benefit from ragnarök, they'll either have to try and predict fenrir's movements, or make sure he's sent to valhalla before the next ragnarök phase!" since each age has one ragnarok phase?
@sakerio - yes, your shipping.  :p
vidar lost his father odin now he seeks out for revenge devourer fenris has to yield torn apart by vidar's hands
jimmyz johnston speaks wisdom.
i think adding another sg when fenrir gets unlocked seems very unlikely and very pointless.
@thiago indeed. but do the hard-working dwarves that forged those chains have any other surprises for us if ragnarök comes early?
$4k
@zombie57: i'll pass the note along to the people responsible.
and since i suggested said sg, there would be a nice freebie for me:p
the idea of free shipping as a bonus or super sg would kill the company. for an average backer at $75 or even $105 the shipping is likely to be $15-25. that is potentially 25% of the money paid (and ks takes 10% as well i believe). no way could cmon or any other game company do that (unless it was planned in advance and the shipping was included but we weren't told.
a yggdrasil mini could be cool.  not as cool as nidhoggr, but what is?
@thiago - sorry to cross post - is there any chance of a cmon update on zombicide shipping etc.  some people are getting a little excited there!!! many thanks...
#rudolfo they brought to life a malicious force a vile beast that cannot be tamed fimbultyr's nemesis now is born a vile beast that can't be restrained
i think, and i have to agree with vinicius a yggdrasil mini, though completely aesthetic would be cool to go in the middle of the board just to give a sense of physical depth to the playing field. though a $1 million sg for free shipping would also be awesome.
those chains won't hold for much longer. and they seemed like such strong chains...
think about it, if the final sg were 1 million unlocks free shipping, most peeps would increase their pledge and the logistics for the pm would be 1 step easier. makes sense yes?
watch the last sg be a goat.
we will definitely get fenrir, this is so awesome!
@gem - lol, i misread your comment, i thought for a minute you wrote a 60 minute soundtrack of a woman howling!!! :o
@rudolfo da fonseca: i welcome its sweet embrace!
arrrgghh i can hear the distant barking of demonic goat steeds! ;-)
@thiago when fenrir breaks his bonds are you ready for ragnarök?
ok thanks :-)
bring on some more valkyries or female clan members!
less than $5k till the chains break!
maybe a 60 minute soundtrack of a warhorn blowing. that could be the last thank you sg.
@donn @tim - doh, i misunderstood how he worked when reading the explanation and totally missed the "age 1" in the art.
we definitely need 2 more monsters so that the 3 ages are balanced.
serpent's kin born of sin dark within father of the wolf
i say let the next sg be the valkyrie on horseback :)
jorge: your credit card will be billed as soon as this kickstarter ends.
@jorge - as soon as the campaign ends, but you can add more through the pm.
@jorge coronel: your pledged total will be charged to your credit card the minute the campaign ends.
@zombie57 pledge now an when you do not like the game sell it at ebay. you will not loose any money for sure.
there can never be enough norse mythos miniatures! especially family friendly world devouring wolves ;-)
if fenrir is unleashed, maybe a new goal of a bag of runes would be cool. maybe they could have the actual rune and a simple -2, -1, 0, +1, +2 modifier that could be used in play to add some randomness, similar to tides of battle in game of thrones. what is a norse game without runes???
5k more
@thiago this is my first ks, so, i've a question. the amount (in my case) of 105 usd will be directly discounted from my credit card or just when the pm is operational?
@don: thank you sir!
@thomas godel: the cards are mini-sized, like zombicide.
@zombie57 the answer is "more vikings". always more vikings.
@zombie - stick around!  don't do it for the minis, but for the game!
a leader upgrade, that allows you to change your leader for a hero. for example, conan the barbarian ^^
@gem abed from myth to blood rage welcome ;-)
*snap-clink* so he found the heart in barren land with evil thoughts of vicious kind and sinister disdain his thoughts of bringing back to life the witch that died in flames
thomas - same as zombicide (64mm x 41,2 mm).  except the god cards, which are tarot.
jesus - i hate this ks!!! i really can't decide, back, drop, back, drop, back.  i have a terrible feeling that if i don't back it i'll regret it - but what with conan etc - how many more vikings do i need!!!
5.5k! my god is the mountain! mountain!!
does anyone knows what is the card format? just to make sure to get the right sleeves for them =)
i am betting that would lock in any holdouts.
@paul - fenrir is age i.
more monsters !!!!
@tim, but fenris can be played in all three ages so i think it's still balanced?
@sakerio - +1!
after fenris, we need another age ii and age iii monster. =p i say, 1 add-on, 1 sg. xd
i'm in. congratulations for the success of the project. great minis, btw.  now i have to review >9500 comments to see what i've missed so far.
i think an awesome final sg would be..... 1 million dollars unlocks....free shipping:p
i admit it. i'm hooked to the adrenaline of the last hours of a ks. love the game....but the passion of the last 8 hours, oh my! i'd love a hela sg also, just in case odin listens
@caleb - there can be 5 monsters in each age with the 5th player expansion.
@henrik - me too!  fenrir is fun for the whole family.  in a hand eating sort of way.
i would love a sg of 1 extra of each clan miniature to display...  :)
i'm way to old to be a kid, but i still love fenrir ;-)
a small sg. . . how about ratatoskr. squirrels are small. @caleb - thanks. i would have tried checking but ks locks up on me every time i do anything other than refresh. (to post this i know i will have to load a new window with blood rage)
so he found the heart in barren land it was beating, still alive he held it gently in his hand and looked up to the sky
blood and glory! i love the final hours frenzy!!
kids just love fenrir.
the crazy thing is our pace is likely to increase after we unlock fenrir!
we have 10 minutes to reach $820k! i drive home and want to see the update before^^.
actually.. i guess we would need 4 of them then... so nevermind that idea.
nidhögg or hel would be nice, but really anyone of them will do, just as long as the fenriswolf is freed ;-)  aw-oooooooooooo!!!!!
i still think a ragnarok token would be cool.  it doesn't have to be one for each cardboard tile.  instead, it could be a token that goes on the area that is next.  then you wouldn't need to put the cardboard tiles on the board at all :)
834k is my guess for final tally.
i am trying to think of some small $850k sg to suggest.  something that wouldn't impact production in general, but some small extra ks exclusive.  any ideas to throw out there?  i assume they'd have no interest in offering another mini, upgraded components, fancy box, etc. as that could impact production.  i was thinking maybe something like a dice bag, but obviously not that exactly since there are no dice.
@donn i know! making it hard for me you all are!
nidhoggr!!!
*snap-clink* *awoooooooooooooo!*
goats! that sounds bleatfully fantastic.
looks like rodolfo can't even keep up with our pledge rate!
the fetters will burst, and the wolf run free...
so given we *might* have steam for one more sg after fenrir, what would we want to see?  i would go for hel or jörmungandr.  as the sea serpent seems to be a stand in for jörmungandr, maybe hel would be the best bet? oh, and as a late idea, how about a massive jörmungandr that surrounds the entire board as an optional add on. ok, not practical but would be pretty awesome.
*ker-clink* *awoooooooooooo* "nine puny links left. huginn and muninn: fly my ravens. gather the warriors from all the midgard clans. it is time!"
correction: we have 4 in each age.
@jimmyz, am fairly sure we've got three in each age, and when we unlock fenrir there'll be four in the first age.
@thiago i see that we will crack the last sg easily. any plans for another one?
@jeff - a month or so after the campaign closes cmon will send a link to the pledge manager.  that is where you specify add-ons and can also add more content than what you pledged for during the campaign.  it has become a trend to allow folks who missed the campaign to get in on the pledge manager as late backers.  i have no problem with it as it helps the company, but some small perk for those who pledged during the campaign would be nice, but i am fine either way.
@paul sousa: +1 again.  that was worded better than my response.  you're right, jeff.  we can back out at any point, however, it's those of us backing during the actual pledge that do the heavy lifting with putting our money up front to unlock those special stretch goals.  allowing people to come in after all the goals have been unlocked does generate money for the company, which is great, but it kind of shrugs off the backers that were here during the campaign that helped it come to fruition.  like paul said, it eats away at what kickstarter is meant to be.  now i'll shut up as to not start an argument because i do like that the companies are able to generate extra funds after the campaigns are over without giving 5-10% of that money to ks.
-9k
9k to go and goats, that covers the basics gem
hehe @rudolfo
@all, so i just backed. what have i missed? ... everything.
@adam reeves: the pm can take anywhere between 1 to 3 months to go live. we need to get some info like updated shipping costs, dimensions and weight of each box, and get the system in place. the time to do that can vary quite a bit.
most excellent way to waken:)
@paul sousa - ah, never heard of pledge manager before.
after we get fenrir, with the next sg likely to be at a 70k increment, i do believe it will be our last one. . . hard to imagine with no add-ons at this point pushing much past the 900k mark. i haven't looked, but where do we stand balance wise on new monsters added per age?
@crimson ghost +1 techno viking add on pack, with goat - pulled chariot with a banging sound system. only $25! complete with extra colored bases!!
going to commute a bit. i suspect the wolf will have devoured the world by the time i get home. wake up nidhogg! for the glory!
congratulations on breaking kicktraq as well brothers! the forecast can't keep up with the pace of the campaign!
ok so we look like we might smash this goal too!! so whats next folks??
@godfather - yup, that is what i mean.  maybe this is just some miscommunication between jeff and me.
@punk: thanks!!
@rodrigo - yes
so. much. momentum! - fenrir here we come :d
@thiago or anyone:stupid question, if i add the ram expansion after the end of the ks, during the survey, will i get the expansion ks exclusives?
@jeff - i think he meant backers that join through the pledge manger, after the ks hhas ended.
@jeff - i don't need to feel special, i assure you i am not.  and if the campaign offers late sgs then that is a great solution, but most i have been involved in have not offered late sgs.  i am fine with late backers, as i stated, but there is something to be said for trying to hold true to what ks is intended for.  but i guess it really is just becoming a pre-order service if pledging during a campaign means nothing anymore.
well... i hope you something else up your sleeve thiago. looks like fenrir will be ours soon!
@thiago when does the pm usually go live? im hoping to add some more sets when i get paid
10 k in 7h. next sg please ;-)
*snap-clink* *awoooooooooooooooooooooo!*
joining amon amarth and manowar as soundtrack to br: joined by the cry of ravens a chase in the winter cold first born son of storms hated and scorned free from the cage of morals shadow of the ruling kind the echoes of the savage call roll across the land truth and lie will join and die grey ruler show us how to fight the wolf will rise the end of lies corruption dies free forever burn with the lord of sorrow claimed by the shit of nails life and death - final breath born into the grave storm of an ancient fury power beyond compare serpent's flood - brother's blood end of times is here truth and lie will join and die grey ruler show us how to fight grand magus - i am the north
the only thing missing is the kraken!
oh no, that's just a normal sea serpent. the kind we see when we go to the beach. now jörmungandr...boy, oh boy!!!
less than $10k to the wolf time!!!!
rigth on @rudolfo!
@jeremy bedwell - and anyone is allowed to back out of the kickstarter at any time before it's completed with no money lost, so there is no risk on the part of people backing early as compared to those backing late, so i still don't see why early backers should get things late backers don't.
oh man! only 10k more? this is intense!
10k surely running on the ozone divine! run tanngrisnir and tanngnjóstr run! ;-)
10k!
@marcos i tend to think of the sea serpent as jörmungandr!
@luceononuro: hehe, no worries. i found myself in the exact same predicament as some find themselves during this ks, where i just didn't had the funds at the time available; yet still hope to get in on it afterwards. *fingers crossed*
dear lord! fenrir is really anxious to break his bonds, isn't he? easy there, boy!
looking at another ks now, name not going to be mentioned... but i find it hard to back when every instance of "resin" in their pledge boxes is spelled as resign.  i know it's silly... but things like that irk me to no end!
i don't know that another campaign will ever be as epic as conan was.  it would require an awesome ip, a great crew of commentors including some oddballs, solid interaction by the project runners, and an insane funding amount.  some campaigns may hit some of those things, but not sure another will hit all of them.
too bad we didn't get a techno viking zombicide crossover... http://cdn3.sbnation.com/imported_assets/310908/viking.jpg
guys, the latest pledge was a backers' suggestion, so why not make another one? a son of loki, jörmungandr is the midgard serpent, a snake so big that can grasp the world with it's own tail. when jörmungandr releases earth, ragnarok will be upon us! well, i sent cool mini or not a tweet. if you feel like helping, please send them a message using the hashtag #ichooseyoujormungandr (yes, pokemons, i know...). for the...minis? https://twitter.com/marcostwaf/status/577843009485709312
just re-backed and got an early bird... :)
@paul sousa - and the late backers are the people who allow you to get things like the late stretch goal. excluding any kickstarter backers, who are all getting in on the game far earlier than anyone else, from certain things just because they may not have heard of the campaign as early as others is a new level of 'needing to feel special' that i have not seen in any kickstarter campaign until now. congratulations, you have allowed me to see something new.
@robert i'm so jealous! :)
and the howling just grows louder and louder ;-)
@luceononuro it got really wild right around the camel...
@reinhard thank you very much sir.
$11k ...
@paul sousa: +1.  i don't mind people getting in late due to money issues or just missing it, but i feel like those of us that pushed to unlock the sgs should get access to stuff the late backers do not.  after all, they were able to see the whole kit and caboodle before pledging money.  not so much for the rest of us.
*c-link* "send for thor vassal, and heimdall, it is time." "lord? it cannot be! it is merely a wolf!"
@paul i do know what you mean. i would have been in on conan from day 1 if i had heard about it. it must have been such a wild ks to be part of!
i hope @thiago forgives me. @luceononuro, i wrote them earlier this month with the same question and they replied to me the following: "don't worry: you will be able to pledge (with all the sg and ks exclusives) during the pledge manager which should start in march. in order to be informed of the launching date, i invit you to follow our fb page: http://www.facebook.com/monolithedition  "
while i am fine with late backers, i do hope campaigns start offering some exclusives to those who get in during the actual campaign run since their dollars are what help unlock them.
"12 links? did those dwarven fools find the ale stores when they were forging the damned chain? send down thralls, all the thralls you can find! we must play for time!" "all-father we have sent down all our thralls and the dwarves to try stop the beast..." "and?" "the fenris beast has slain them milord..."
hey guys.. i'm a noob when it comes to ks.. i was wondering when the pledge manager is sent? i want to go in for a second copy.. but won't be paid for about a week.
$11k - i have no words... it's spinning out of control... @robert - i was a late backer for arcadia quest, so it's not unknown for cmon
@luceononuro that i did not know, apologies.  perhaps use the contact me link on the conan ks, if anyone knows i would hope the creator of a ks would lol
11k
@luceononuro  @robert, it depends on the creator of the campaign, some will allow late backers in the pledge manager, some won't. i have seen both done, cmon tends to lean towards allowing it. they allowed late backers in both rum and bones and zombicide s3
@aaron; yeah, that will work too.  took me a bit to catch up on comments as i was driving and then hit a temporary dead patch on mobile data signal :o.  need to keep up my fix at this stage.
yikes we are really picking up speed now!!
@robert s  they said that you will be able to join if you missed the campaign during the pm phase. i understand that other campaigns have done this too but i've never been involved in one.
@robert - not always true.  being a "late backer" is becoming more common.
@luceononuro to the best of my knowledge you can only be part of a pm if you pledged during the activeks.
we need add 162 backers to win the game :o) actual rythm is good but stress is here
ftw this is wining speed!
12k
"ah! good. we still have 13 solid steel links holding this bea.." *c-link!* "*gulp!*" $12k awoooooo!
@ randy raines well you are getting a 5th clan with the basic, but no card expansions or rules to use 5 clans.  i went all in as it's more economical for me to do it now.
is anyone planning on joining the conan ks when the pm opens up? i can't find any information on how to join when that happens.
i miss some berzerkers as a game element.
i pledged for the base game, just usually my play group is 4 players, so im not sure i really need the expansion, but was just curious about it. may decide to just to have it.
@the great ham-el pledge managers are great for sorting postage (which can fluctuate depending on companies like the royal mail, or weight of added sg's) but for me that's usually where it stops.
@ robert s i like the conan box ;-).
@ rudolfo and godfather love your visualisations :-do let fenrir break free!!!!! aw-oooooooooooo!
pledge managers are garbage. back while it's hot or gtfo. just my opinion.
http://www.comicbookmovie.com/images/users/uploads/11367/thors-chariot.jpg there's no stopping now :)
@thomas nedbal nah, these should fit in the basic or 5th player box.  this isn't like conan where the extra box they added won't be big enough for all the sg lol
ah, perfect. thank you guys!
*k-clink* "what do you mean the only thing keeping him there are 13 links in that chain?" "t-t-the rest have been broken sire!" *awwwwoooooooooooooooooooo!* "then it is true. the end-times are upon us!"
@randy raines this was on the faq's re a $1 pledge, and i think it covers your query as well... can i make just a $1 pledge now? you can make a $1 pledge now, and when the pledge manager goes live after the campaign has ended you can add more funds to get a full pledge and any add-ons you'd like. however, you won't be able to get only the add-on. you'll need to get a basic pledge in order to enter the system.
hmm we need a box for all the nice sg. like arcadia quest guildmaster box. !!
backed with expansion
@randy - yes, yyou will be able to add after the ks ends
sorry if this is pretty common place, but this is my first backed project. after the kickstarter has ended, if i were to decide to add the art book or the 5th player expansion, does the pledge manager allow me to do so? or will i miss out if i decide not to do it in the next 8 hours? thanks!
13 k
göddamn! $13k already?
@robert - actually, looking at the ram mystics, i think we already have them.
13k left. no way are we missing this sg.
@robert - i ... would be ok with that.
http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5264/5644905031_ae7715cf0d.jpg
@donnbobhardy for a second there i thought you were suggesting weresheep were the next sg and i was thinking wtf???
and we alll like surprises here!!
good to know guys.
@donnbobhardy i would say yes. the total heigth of the miniature is maybe a bit more as from the giants. but he is standing on a higher platform.
@weresheep -unless cmon has any surprises left up their sleeve, yes.
@weresheep - no-one knows.
so ... is fenris going to be the last goal?
@popenx there is a heroclix convention figure from 2009 called thor's mighty chariot
is fenrir going to be comparable to the giants in size?
@popenx pathfinder has a goat figure..
14k!
"he's breaking loose! i can't hold him any more!" *k-chink!* awoooooooooo! (*bàà!*) snarl! $14k @pope - there's a dwarven ram rider in the reaper collection
okay, i'm finally in, since i was just waiting for fenrir to come! next (totally secret) stretch goal: jörmungandr! since fenrir was a backer's request, maybe we should do another. what do you think, guys? i'll cross my fingers!!!
fine, i give in, i'll get the 5-player expansion!
just a question for the mini collectors in the group. are their any goat minis on the marke? let alone thor's goats? just sayin', might be quite a rare item if they make it:)
so close.hope we will reach also the next sg.
*snap* 15 accursed links left to break in this accursed dwarven chain. awoooooooooooooo!
$15k
@robert, true, glad i jumped in in the end :-)
i also had trouble sitting through the example gameplay video, took me 5 attempts. i wish they'd had a different video without all the 'zany antics'.
hey, however we got here, we all made it : )
ok so i've been keeping tabs on this since this morning (and lurking in the comment shadows for the better part of the campaign) and we're averaging about 6 k per hour the last couple of hours (it's 15:30 in europe now). this morning we were averaging 4 k so we're gonna get to mighty ass fenris no problem. and then we'll feast on the flesh of those who backed out.
oh man, the video was what got me excited for this game. they made it look like a lot of fun.
doing approx 3k in 20 minutes at the moment..
@robert i struggle just reading rules to decide if a game is for me, so i had to sit through it
16 links left in this accursed dwarven chain. awoooooooooooo!
@baldypat i read the alpha rules download, couldn't sit through the video.
no need of another sg after fenrir, more than enough even if we don't reach him (although we are going, i ahve no doubts ^^)
@earth worm, i sat on the fence for most of this ks. it has great theme and mini's but o my god what an horrendous game play video. took me ages to sit through it to decide if i was in on this game
$17k :) "stay on target..."
@jorge +1 hahaha! ;-)
no further sg after fenrir. let's just get to him for now. i would still walk away incredibly happy with the amazing spoils we'd be receiving if he were the last one.
@popenx i want two goats and i want me a chariot in the finished sculpt of thor. i really need a whif of the ozone divine ;-)
@luceo you will be receiving a special goat.... just wait ahahaha
@earth worm jim  100%
i promise i'll be here to the end... to the ragnarok! hahaha... to the goats!!! hahaha
can i pledge at a higher level to avoid any goat nonsense?
in rum&bones we get the last sg 739.xxx k from740.k
why the are some people that wait until the end?? i cant undersand! i mean, the fun part in any ks is to be here in the comments forum, be in the discusions, be in the poll, rise your voice, watch all this sg being anounced and broken. i dont understand why some people miss the real experience of a ks!
@david  why not goat heads hanging from fenrir's chain? worked for serpent clan...
the flying goat can be just for someone who bought the artwork too? some hand drawing of a goat? hahahaha!
@andrius; with my experience with cmon, we might still get it when we are only $5,- away. no guarantees, but in two campaigns from cmon where we didn't reach the last sg, we still got it. =)
17 k !
what is the next sg ? ;-)
just pledged! im in lets doooo disssssss!!!
18k left until ragnarök! awoooooooooooo!
so i have to say that i'm very excited for this game. with the release of history channels vikings series i've been digging more into norse methodology and cannot wait to fight for glory during ragnarok!
18k!
optional dead goat miniature that fits on fenrir's base.
i'm new to the campaign but would like to help push toward the stretch goal of fenrir.. any chance we could get a níðhöggr and jörmungandr set as an optional buy? that's make for a firey finish to this campaign!
heh, i remember a few days back when someone was skeptical that we'd reach 800k...
@francisco - any usic would do for me. even abba. but instead i have colleagues who still think that on the phone your voice must cross the real distance and forget about all that electronic stuff..
this goat thing is so unbelievably annoying and puerile.
about stucking at 819.995... remember, what happened during fallen frontiers ks, when we stucked just one little step before next sg :(
ya at least 1 goat. and hey getting close to 9k backers. maybe a goat for 9k backers?
@godfather the same happens to me!! i'm total exposed in the case my boss come to my office (attracted here due the loud power metal from rhapsody that goes out of my computer speakers)
@thiago - a simple goat-token that allows thor to move 1 province at no cost
yeah, if this doesn't hit another $50-60k minimum in the next 8 hours, i'd be surprised.
yeah, we will smash 820k!
my campaign dreams are satisfied, i believe fenrir will be achieved. can we fulfil schwartz's dreams @thiago? can we get one last flying goat-flavoured sg?
ummmm... you guys realize how loooooonnnnnnng 8 hours remaining is, right?
$19k d...d... d.. d...d...d...destruction! 19..... 9-9-9-9-19
actually, watch it be 820,024 at the last minute and someone decides they don't need that art book after all.
it doesn't help that my back is to the door. did i learn nothing from thufir hawat?
let's hope we don't get stuck at $819,995 =d
@godfather you need to have a blank tab open that way you can switch to it and then alt tab a little more casually.
@renato: typically when people you don't have on your friends list send you messages on fb, it goes into the "other" tab.
hmm 20k in 9 hrs?
@andres, that's right but i don't have any messages in my inbox.
symptom of the boss hovering around my desk and alt-tabbing
@godfather is that the candy or a symptom of not being able to type?
@renato, i sent you a message on fb last night, the one with the sf hat right?
gpunk -> butter fingers -> typoz!
someone comment 2 weeks ago: "the vikings are the new zombies" 800k awesome!!
thor -> lighning -> ozone
thanks @captain matt!
@the schwartz, can you explain the ozone thing to me? i understand your goats but i guess i missed where the ozone thing came from.
$800k!
20k to go, pulll me goats pullllll!!$ ride 'em in goat hide! for the ozone divine! ;-)
fenrir must happen! we have 9 hours for fenrir, then maybe... just maybe jörmungandr or fafnir? either way i cannot wait to play this game!
@andres aguilar, i can still get you in if you want to message me on facebook we can talk about it there.
yeah... not really expecting a final add-on frenzy, given the way the rest of the campaign has gone.
i also think another sg won't make it. unless they put a very pretty female 7th tribe in the expansion - so most people who didn't will get an expansion after all!! ;-)
@pressureman my feeling is that we have at least one more goal after fenrir.  got to have something for the last add-on to push us too.
at the rate we're going... i am going to assume that it is, however.
i looked at thiago's comments, and it hasn't been conclusively stated that fenrir is (or isn't) the final sg.
i think thiago has stated they don't have any sg after fenrir. maybe he will surprise us?
hmm gute idee werd mir ach mal was überlegen :-)
worked! there was an option to change my payment method on the rewards page. didn't have to remove pledge, would have worked even if i had an eb!
@thomas nedbal da hier alle nur mit nicks posten, habe ich mich da auch mal angeschlossen. ;-)
and @matlockheed
@angelripper  woher der neue name ? :-)
okay great! thanks for the reply @pressureman
@paul sousa: thanks for the tip. i still hope there :d
@tysonk28 - it depends on the company.  but considering how fast this ks is moving right now, there's almost no chance that fenrir won't make it (it'll probably be there in about 2 hours).  an additional stretch after fenrir might not make it.  but we don't even know if there are any after fenrir so that's not a huge deal.
@tysonk28 - all of those are possible, depending on the company.  in the most recent cmon kickstarter, the final sg was missed by a few hundred but they included it anyway. we're going to get fenrir on our own, of course :d
@angel thank you, am trying now.
@rudolfo - strange, it gives me the option to use a new card
@paul yes, only gave me option to delete the card i usually use.
@rudolfo da fonseca yes. cancel your pledge, and pledge again.
i'm kinda new to this, what typically happens if we don't unlock the stretch goal? do companies typically just throw it in? make it an add-on in the survey? or forget about it all together?
@rudolfo - did you go to manage your pledge and try selecting change payment method?
i want to use a different card altogether - don't have an eb, so that's not an issue. doesn't seem to let me add a card in my account. do i just remove pledge and add it back on?
@andrea - i doubt they can make the change since the color scheme is more throughout the game than just the bases.  i bet you can buy bases that would fit the minis though (not ideal to spend extra but it could be a solution).
@renato, can you still get in or no one can?
good morning, you can change the colors of extra bases to allow even those who are color blind to recognize immediately their figures? i suggest these colors: black, white, yellow, red, blue, brown
wow, no idea why katy replaced latter.  good job autocorrect.
@rudolfo da fonseca i would wait for the pm if you have an early bird. if not, just cancel your pledge and repledge with new cc data.
@rudolfo - do you want to split the charge between two cards?  or just use a different card altogether?  if it's the katy just go to manage your pledgr and select change payment method.
@godfather punk i don't have the rules at work either here but iirc they are only support and do not attack each other.
thanks @francisco for the recommendation of open combat. i supported that, since some backers are recommending another ks:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/590134953/open-combat-miniature-skirmish-game-rulebook
@rudolfo - i think its one card only.  but you can add extra using a different funding source in the pledge manager after the campaign.
i haven't got the rules here (at work). what are the rules again for when 2 ships are in the same fjord?  do they fight each other (or the sea serpent) or are they only used as support for the neighbouring provinces? (with 5 clans and only 4 fjords this has got to happen sometimes?)
ks based question lads, can i change the credit card i use to pay for my pledge? i really want to add the art book to my pledge, but would need to use another card to cover extra amount.
@popenx, wise man. raven and wildboar are clearly superior.
by upgrades i mean using the cards to improve your clan.
ya the upgrades in game play make up for it. i personally will be either raven or wildboar clan as often as possible.  thems me favorite.
@yury game was playtested with clan abilities, and they found that they needed to be removed to make for a better game. trust me, you won't miss em once you play
@andres aguilar, it's been confirmed that you can no longer get in on the rnb pledge manager.
@yury there are no special rules for the clans. the only differences are aesthetic.
@cmon, can i still get in on the rum and bones pm?  i know some people are willing to add to their pledge but i don't want to rely on others if i don't have to
@john mcmillen and @aaron m. originally i had thought to support 6 the board would only need one more province and just up the number of villages on each province.  then i thought about the ships and realized that each province touches exactly one fjord.  so i am between two camps here, should the board keep the same number of provinces or add two more provinces.  both would use more villages, the current ratio is 3 at 3, 3 at 4, and 2 at 5.  the one of the new ratio would be 3 at 4, 3 at 5, and 2 at 6 which keeps the spirit of limited space forcing conflict.  the other new ratio would be 4 at 4, 4 at 5, and 2 at 6, but i think it looses some of the forced interaction.
what the difference between clans? i hoped they will have different special rules...
30k till fenrir!
have i missed anything interesting since last night?
@thiago tempt our greed and throw us a bone of what can be next!! don't be afraid the ragnarok is here!!!
@princess, i recomend for you chronopia... at least, it was a great game, and adrian smith painted some nice art for that world... and vikings will idealy fit to role of sons of kronos ;)
love seeing fenrir as a final stretch goal. i'm not sure how great his ability sounds though...
https://m.youtube.com/watch… - to evoke the wolf!
@thiago: any sign of something beyond fenrir???
as long as the numbers climb steadily....
i hope that in 4-5 hours the fenrir will be done ^^
verry nice run !! will we get another sg ?
@pressureman then they better announce something quick. i leave for work about 2 hours before this ks ends and would certainly consider a last minute add on. i've already got the 5 player and art book pledged. i could afford a little more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@graham: +1000 we'll get to fenrir regardless, but please let us do it with something new instead of everyone having to double up on their base pledge :d
@thiago rhapsody?!?!    \m/ Ò_Ó \m/
rage hard! rage hard!
gloria! gloria perpetua! in this dawn of victory!
come on cmon one little add on and we can unleash fenris
@sheiss - www.youtube.com/watch…
come on now! i only pledged because of the fuckin fenrir wolf. show some respect you little rich kids and start pledging really hard!
@godfather xd !!
@aaron m. the problem is that the game gets pretty crowed with 4 players. 5 is pretty much the limit unless you make a new board with room for more pieces on it.
@ godfather :-p
@francisco thank you very much.
all right, fenrir finally pulled me off the fence...gotta say, not too crazy about how few traditional names are used, and the lack of 6-player support. really hoping the community comes up with balanced house rules for 6 players, would be nice if my entire gaming group could actually play a game for once instead of having an odd man out :/
@godfather xdddddd @princess some backers are recommending this another ks: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/590134953/open-combat-miniature-skirmish-game-rulebook…
fenrir will eat whatever is at hand. ²
can anyone suggest a good skirimish game these miniatures would suit? i'm sure i will enjoy the core game but i'm looking to expand into wargaming.
at first shaman squeaked a bit for me, but know i'm getting used. anyone knows what kind of food eat a fenrir? i live in a small flat and i'm worried if the fenrir is going to get used to live there. it seems to be a pet that needs a lot of attention. i don't want to come back home one day, to find that he has made a ragnarok in my sofa!!  btw it will be awesome if the hand of tyr is represented in the base of the fenrir ^^
yeah i used to be in the seer or mystic boat but i've come back around to shaman. accurate or not, it gets the job done.  my only issue now is that my brain likes to make me pronounce it differently at random intervals.  "sha-man" or "shay-men" i have no control over it lol
welcome @jean, all the good stuff is from france at the moment it seems! :)
hi everybody from france ! after pledging for conan, i'm here now...;) happy to join your group, for another nice project...
@justin same here! shaman is fine for me
@justin mystic is the most probable name. seer is the most accurate but is not enough warrior like for them
i actually really hope they keep the name shaman instead of changing it. but i do not know how people voted.
haha :) no actually, i love them. i was just getting a bit of shaman fatigue.
joo got sumpin against shamen, homes? :d
finally a stretch goal that is not a shaman :)
i'm just in awe of the sculpt quality.  i've backed mini figure kickstarters before, but these are the most exquisitely detailed figures i've ever seen, and i've been a rpg mini gamer for over 3 decades...
just got stone age, from z-man, (i know i'm late) and what a beautiful, simple, flavorful and elegant score track around the board... just saying...
@technoir; yes that is true. ^_^
i`ll have to check my credit card deposit, if i can allow myself a second core box...
is there a berzerker clan upgrade?
so tempted to get two copies (and two expansions) for selling one later...
@punk by the goats! he must have sniffed to much ozone divine! ;-)
@timvdw not to mention there's a lot of ks exclusives!  we're getting amazing value here.
@lobst5r - a moment i though "man, we're flying!" :^)
sorry, fat fingers. 30k!
now only $30k more guys...
@ tim i'm all in for two copies too ;-)
20k!
here's me, still hoping for a final $1m goal.
@henrik; the gods and shamans are expansion. no idea what msrp is, but we get them for free indeed. =) that fenris is so awesome. will get myself a second copy of the game as well, just for fenris. =p
the core box is fantastic value imho. for  $75 you get 30 extra minis (gods, seers, extra clan, all the exclusives)! i don't think these will be included in the regular edition (and ofc not the ks exclusives won't). and the awesome fenriswolf is still to come!  :-)
conan was the most fun ks in months. there's a special vibe when the developers keep throwing stretch goals at us that got pulverized one after the other.  "another $100,000 goal? bring it!" this one was fun too, but because it was so limited in scope i missed a bit of the madness that was conan (or the first bones).
yes @punk some 24k have rolled in during the last 5 hours. :-) by the goats this is great ;-)
will they have any add ons?
seems like a lot a grumblin' about the value proposition for the expansion (not sure i agree, but whatever). i'd love it if they threw in another troll variant gratis (with its own rule of course). or, if *anything* were to fit the theme of the the ram clan expansion it would be that goat chariot which has been mentioned once or twice (sic). what would it take for the expansion fence-sitters to top-up?
i am sooooo upset i missed conan ks. for sure it will hit retail but without all of the exclusives. :(
$30k!
i reckon all parts of this game are fantastic value, really hoping for the last stretch goal to be met :d
after you guys talking about it so much, i checked out the conan ks, pretty bummed i missed it! oh well, i guess ghostbusters, zombicide season 3 and the awesome blood rage will have to do! hehe, roll on fenris!
@jorge coronel thanks, i don't check the ks comments every day so i guess i missed that one.  ah well, i may have to splurge on a second set for my backups then.   best go see if anyone needs a slightly overused kidney lol
i can sorta understand the minis, but some of the other tokens and stuff...that'd be nice. we can always hope...
@jorge, robert: yes too bad, i definitely could have used some more of certain minis!! :-p
he he! by mjölnir and goats! - 30k ozono divine about to be sniffed ;-)
@robert they have told us already a lot of times, that they will not sell apart the minis from the core game
@robert_s true, but if reaper can manage to deliver 15,000 pledge rewards, well in excess of 3,000,000 figures with minimal customer satisfaction (aka order mistakes), i imagine cmon can figure it out. :-p *challenge issued*
@christian blair lol yeah, the current usd to gbp is why i have splurged on conan, ghostbusters and blood rage recently, but i am so going to have to be careful for a month or two : )
just added the expansion and art book. it's to good of a deal to pass up.
@technoir i asked that question yesterday ironically, if some mini's or items could be optional buys.  still waiting a response.  unlikley as it'll add a level of complexity to the order process, but you never know until you ask.
fine! ok! you win!  i'm in! with the current rate of the £ vs the $ i'd be daft not to buy two... at least that's what i'll be telling the wife... now push this to fenrir, ya gits!
okay. you guys sold me.  in for a second copy + expansion.  i knew that i should have stayed off kickstarter this morning. ;)
@justin maybe if we ask very nicely, cmon will make some components available as add-ons... or, failing that, we work up a good viking barbarian bloodlust and take what has been deemed by the gods as rightfully ours! more token/component add-ons for odin's children!   *cough* sorry, got a little carried away there...caused some prairie-dogging here in the office...
alright,  i'm all in for the $130. between this and ghost busters i'm tapped. looking forward to both.
yeah, you can use the open combat skirmish rules or for us conan backers we get to use these minis in our game thanks to monolith.
oh yess! by mjölnir and the goats! seems we're pickin up speed! ;-)
i know i dont need the 5th player expantion ...  but the minis are to badass to pass on now it it was an all female clan going 666% shieldmaiden i would be even happier or valkaryes led by freya on mighty steeds coming down from the sky. ohhh well there can always be made an expantion at some later time / maybe somebody makes some skirmish wargame rules for this, then i just need some englishmen to invade / swedes to fight ;) ... uuuuh lookie 33.000 togo before fenris will arrive
love the $820k goal
@michael baxter that's the right attitude to have. we're  getting an overall good deal, and better components than if we wait till later and buy the expansion at retail prices.
another way to look at it is to reward the cmon team for such a great game and great value and contribute the extra $30 for the expansion for a total appreciated thank you for a fine achievement.
today may be st. paddy's, but this is how i'm celebrating: http://s29.postimg.org/cxklaxpsn/viking.jpg
i really wish i could buy 3 more 3d doom tokes for use on the board :(
@francisco i always buy multiple copies of ks games. i keep one copy and sell the rest. worst case so far is that i get my copy for free. best case is that i have more money as i spent at the complete ks.
i think the 5th player expansion is priced fine, its the base game that is priced suprisingly cheap! even ignoring that, the expansion pack includes a new squad of 9 figures, 3 different sculpts, the ks exclusive ram tokens and the 3 alternate monster sculpts, as well as the additional cards required for 5 players, sounds great value for $30 to me! of course, its only £20.32 for me, so maybe thats why it sounds better heh.
@victor hi!!! nice to see here another alomgaver here!! ^^ @angelripper i love the way you think! then buy two core sets and the 5th player add-on. you can sell: the 3 kickstarter exclusive monster for 20$ the gods expansion for 20$ the shamans expansion for 20$ the kickstarter tokens for 10$ the boar clan for 20$ the boards + cards 10$ each extra clan for 10$ (40$) the core monsters for 25$ --------------------------------------- total 165$ from an 180$ pledge. you are going to have the core game plus the 5th player add-on for 15$ xddddddddd
considering i'm not going to have to buy the 'gods of asgard' (probably $20) and the shaman expansion (probably another $25), i don't mind paying a little extra for the 5 player expansion. plus i'l get the ks exclusive components instead of having to use cardboard tokens. @teowulff unless you only have 5 players. then you'd have to borrow cards from the second set to make the decks the proper size. and of course, make sure to get them back in the second copy.
he - he! soon only 35k lets shame that kicktraq prophesy and get even higher! goats speed! ladies and gentlemen - goats speed! ;-)
@john, jpa, franscisco: i just dropped my expansion pledge (1 opted for 2 core games + 1 expansion initially) so i'll go for 2 core games! :-) even with 2 times 4 people you have a choice between 5 clans on each board (plus a mysterious ram shaman) so enough options.
@teowulff  just sell the 3 alternative exclusive miniatures from the addon at ebay and you will get at least $15 for them or even up to the price of the hole addon. as result you play $15 to nothing for the addon.
@teowulff i was actually suggesting that if his group had 8 potential players, two copies would allow them to play 2 separate games with 3-4 players each. two copies of the base game, plus one 5 player expansion, would easily cover 2-8 players, even if they aren't all playing at the same table.
ey francisco! another one from barcelona! :d
i don't disagree. that's why i got two core sets + the expansion. my only debate now is how often i'm going to play this with 5 players.
i think the expansion should be like 1/5 of the core price, not 40%. even if you don't take the gods and huge monsters into account, you don't even get 1/5 of what the core game offers. $15-$20 feels more like the correct price.
@jorge spread the word!! i know some paraguayan that are really badasses players (btw also very bad phd xddd )
@francisco cool, i'm from south america, paraguay, probably the only paraguayan backing this, who nows haha... :d
the proposition is clear: a) $75 plus shipping for a 4 player game with loads of minis and extras, or b) $105 plus shipping for a 5 player game with pretty much the same components. it's $30 for a token to be able to play with 5 players! an interesting proposition indeed...
really the add-on that i love to see is a heavy metal themed clan...(thinking in the videogame brütal legend right now)
@jorge i'm from spain, from sabadell ,a small city near barcelona ^__^
@jpa, john mcmillan: perhaps true, but if you buy 2 core games (for $45 more) and not the expansion you get more than enough cards to play with 5 players (minus the few expansion exclusives) and loads and loads of extra miniatures that you can re-sell, for instance. except those few cards there isn't a lot in the epansion that's really worth the price - compared with the core game. 1 clan and 3 small minis versus 5 clans, gods and lots of huge and smaller minis?!
@angelripper sorry if i couldn't explain better my self. i have no problem with the 5th player expansion, at the contrary, i think that the idea is soooooo good that i prefer to buy a second core game and have all the extras twice.  imho i think that the extra cards needed to play really are so few that it doesn't make the difference in playable talking (or you can print the modificated text and put it over another card into the card sleeve to keep it total standard ;)
@ ron derkson  in rum&bones we hit 40 k in 1 houre
$37k to go...
i assume that the 5 player expansion can be added later once the pledge manager comes up?
please please please fix those god cards it's absurdingly subpar to the rest of the game
@francisco just curious, where are you from? :)
@robert i prefer small sg to reach them...for example some heroes as leader upgrade (a conan eastern egg will be amazing). but i don't expect we achieve any more sg after fenrir if the goal is 60k$ more. here you can see the expected pledge: https://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/202091912/#chart-exp-projection the most optimistic calculation talks of 825$. let's see what happens when eeuu wakes up. anyway thiago has told that the game wasn't thought for 6 players, and they hadn't tested this option. but maybe it comes in a future expansion. i had post some home made rules in bbg about it, and i'm gonna keep working in them ;)
@i and i well sir, with 8 players you need to buy 2 copies of the game.
@angelripper i completely concur. this is great value and adding the 5th player expansion on for what is realistically a very reasonable price to get some more excellent models is just gravy! why wait for it to hit retail when you get those gorgeous ks exclusives now?
yes, creators said that 5 players are the limit, so... sorry guys, keep dreaming at that.
@robert s the creators have already said there won't be a 6 player expansion. if you watch the gameplay video, the board was already getting crowed with just 4 players. five is apparently the practical limit without them designing a whole new board to accommodate more players.
the update for the 5th player add-on reads as follows: "all of these cards have the "5+" players pre-requisite listed on them. while most of them are extra copies of cards from the base game, there are a few new ones, like the "widespread!" quest, where you need to dominate any 2 provinces." the only reason not to get this is that you don't want or need it, or you get the retail version later.
this is the best notice when someone wakes up!!! fenrir!!!! (sorry if this is a late message, here in my country its 07:39...  hoo hooo!!!!
i do not get your problem with the 5th player expansion. for $105 you get a 5 player game with over 80 miniatures in it.
the expansion gives you the cards you need to play a 5 player game - you don't get these with the sg clan
@robert s: yeah, i feel the same. we usually are with a large group (8) but only about 6 of them are people who would be interested in playing this. would love an expansion that would make a 6+ player game possible :d
@teowulff the problem is that without the extra cards, when you deal the cards at the beginning of the age practically every card will get dealt. that means it will be easier for everyone to get the specific cards they are looking for, which i think will lead to a more boring and predictable game. part of the games design is to work with what you're given and adapt.
do you know if the game will be ready for purchase at gencon2015?
@francisco: indeed! i'm even considering dropping my pledge for the expansion as it just doesn't seem worth it. we already got a 5th clan (and even get the ram clan shaman included with the core game) - i just don't really see an incentive to get the expansion anymore.
you know what would end this really nicely for me, a 6th player expansion : )  that way my whole group can get round the table with this at the same time. i know, unlikley, but i can wish lol
@john there are cables you can get to transfer files from the c64 disk drive to the pc. check youtube as there are multiple videos on how to transfer if your interested.
@jpa this cards are the same cards of the core set, but they come with an indicator to remove them easily if you play less than 5 players. i'm going to download the list from bgg, use the cards from the 2nd core game, and mark with a permanent pen the card sleeves of them with a +5.  ^^
hm, 40k in 12 hours... this will be an exciting finish.
so of the 24 cards in the expansion, most a repeats with a small number of new ones. "all of these cards have the "5+" players pre-requisite listed on them. while most of them are extra copies of cards from the base game, there are a few new ones, like the "widespread!" quest, where you need to dominate any 2 provinces."
my budget doesn't allow it now, but i'll prolly get another copy on the pm for resale later on. the game looks amazing, and it sounds like a good invesment. anyone able to afford it should double pledge now, to make it an even better invesment.
@teowulf totally agree. also the 5th players expansion you can always buy it in the future as is not a ks exclusive (with the awesome monsters for all the ages that come with this ks you are not going to notice the 3 mini monsters that you don't have). in the other hand the core game come with a good amount of exclusives that you are not going to have the oportunity to buy it (except in ebay, and lot more expensive xddd)
just getting the expansion for some cards doesn't seem lile a great bargain tbh ;-) not even sure if they are really all that neccessary if you just leave 1 extra ragnarok area open if you play with 5 players ..
@francisco that seems fine, but remember that the 5th player add-on has cards that are not included in the core set.
@yuri counting as a leader means that con can invade for 0 cost of rage points (the rage points is like the action points that you have). so if you play it at the age i, you can play it during the next ages without paying rage to invade with him. also all the leaders upgrades are also applied to him, so is a good deal ^^
@schwartz but will it be destroyed? and how not can be moved?
@yury there are two giants and they have different abilities. that's about all i remember. although the abilities may change, i think both got used in that gameplay video and their abilities were mentioned there.
@francisco: exactly what i thought - only you already get 5 clans in the 4 player core game (unlocked wildboar clan stretch goal). the only thing the expansion offers is an extra clan option and 5th player cards. plus 3 small sized exclusive alternative minis.  if i were cmon i would have made the expansion far more attractive.
@yury the ship counts as being present in the two regions that borders the fjord where it is placed - so good support
can anyone discribe me how abilities of giant works (count as leader) and, how the ship works? it can support attack on region, but will it be destroyed if player looses?
hi everybody, i'm buying two core games.  the reason is obvious for me: with the core game you pay 75$ and you obtain 75 minis (some of them maxi-minis and kickstarter exclusives), plus the board, cards, all the tokens. you are paying less than 1$ aprox. for each mini. with the 5th clan addon you are paying 2.5$ for each mini (12 minis, 30$). the content is only another clan (the core comes with 5, imho the ram clan is the less interesting of them), 3 alternated design monsters (in the core they already come with the core design) and 24 cards more (copies for 5 players from the cards that come with the core game, that you can use from the second core set downloading the list of the cards from bbg). so at the end i'm paying 45$ more for 63 minis more (some of the exclusives, and big monsters), with tokens, more cards another board (especially important for the people with kids as me).  you only have to paint the bases from a duplicated clan from the second core game to play 5 players, and you have more cards/options to tune the game as you want.
@tom champion i did buy "the bard's tale" on steam and got the old bard's tale retro games. i guess i could try and replay them.
@elessar with the money we saved we got half blood rage, lol!
if we hit 9000 backers, we're golden. that's roughly 533 more people. or people buying more copies of the game. i think it's doable in 12 hours. if not, we're going to get real close.
but my characters are still stuck on my disks. i know i still have a drive somewhere, but i doubt there's an usb to c64 floppy drive adapter i can buy.
@john i would be in the same boat but no longer have the c64, it was a fantastic computer and learnt a lot from it. i started with the vic-20, then c64 and then onto the amiga. those days where fantastic, the first hard drive was a huge external case and a whopping 10mb
i meant when we hit fenrir.... give us 6 player goodness to shoot for to end it with.
unfortunately most of the cards are that undersized, size. it's a standard size in euro games apparently for cards that are placed onto the limited space available on player console cards. the god cards however are tarot size.
dear cool mini or not double sided board and a 6 player option... that should be our last stretch goal... we have hit for fenrir.... come on...  6 player goodness....
@ yasu gomez: i was one benjamin (100 bucks) short from all in ... and i'm very happy today to have decided then and not have waited for pm
@john maybe you can get some in .adf format for the uae amiga simulator. the goats willing that is! ;-)
he he! the goats have driven 30k ;-)
@punk thanks there's also: https://www.youtube.com/watch… to get some speed on that goat chariot! ;-)
@tom champion  my question is that if they let us import our old characters, how am i supposed to read them off a 5.25" floppy disk formatted for a commodore 64?
40.000 usd to go!
still need 40k... ;(
@fran - small-sized cards are quite useful when you're playing with limited table-space
elessar, i'm in the same situation. lucky i went all in into conan then and didn't wait for the pm, or my pocket would have felt it with how euro has dropped.
@fran they were using a playtest copy.
got that eb!  my lucky night... i'd not expected that.
sorry if this topic has already been discused here but, i saw the gameplay video and need to ask...  the little stamps they use and call "cards"... are they really going to be that size??? it's ridiculous! :-(
@schwatrz +1
well currency values today are a b****, ecb's qe for sure had an effect on our finances as backers. if conan was to be pledged today i would have paid something like 30€ more for the same. hope it will boost economic growth but i don't think so. european economies are not like the us one, our companies get fund through banks more than through equities so all that liquidity on the market will probably end up in banks' caveau ... sadly.
the art book looks good too. hard cover with all of the game art, paintings and sketches,  including art that wasn't used.
eb open
@punk  come ragnarök  come goats come thunder!  and the ozone divine https://www.youtube.com/watch…
the ram clan expansion does include 3 exclusive monsters, and you need it to have a 5 player game because it has the required cards. base game has a 4 player limit.
i think there is no more sg
i think it would be smarter for cmon to put some very nice extras in the expansion box - so a lot more people will want to get it. now its contents kind of pale in comparison with the overwhelming number of minis in the core box and hardly has any incentive to get if you're not planning to play with 5 people.
but we can save those for an expansion (ks in the future) as well.
níðhǫggr and jörmengandr as last sg? jörmengandr to eliminate gods and níðhǫggr to have an effect on yggradisil? i want to see hel also, perhaps as an extra board to fight over, when 5 players and a figure with a game effect.
@tom we're all suffering under the high dollar, but the goats will prevail! ;-.)
@john so looking forward to it, bards tale was one of my favourite games and i still remember my party which had a monk that was so high that no monster could hit him. if they do as great a job as they have done with wasteland 2 then i will more than happy.
as this is a rather simple ks, i hope the pledge manager comes before the 60-days back-out period ends. that way people can judge the exact shipping costs and still decide to stay in or drop out. of course i hope evrybody stays in. i believe i paid about 16€-18€ for shipping kaosball, xenoshyft and the scenic bases ks. the contents of this project seems similar in scope.
@john battle same here. but i really wanted this game. shame on all the thousands of euro's going into rebuilding
do we have any kind of eta on the pledge manager? i'm trying to juggle a few kss (and another pledge manager) at the moment so it's important information for me to factor in.
it doesn't help that the australian dollar is down down at the moment, it was great when it was higher than the u.s. dollar.
@elessar - thanks...better late than never, and couldn't pass this up.  house renovations be damned!
oooh, come on, i want to take you higher.  oooh, come on, let's set these goats on fire! www.youtube.com/watch…
welcome john battle ;)
thanks guys... well here we go than 210$ d-;
@semtx: wildboars are a ks exclusive clan, ram i suppose will hit the shelf. come one lads, the starting pledge it's at 105$ ^^ (average pledge is still around 90 green backs)
ok, i'm in for $130...great to join the party at last!
@semtx - only the 3 alternate sculpts and the 3d ram tokens are ks exclusive
@semtex, you get some alternate monster miniatures and the rams heads.
isa the 5th player expansion kickstarter only or just some of the miniatures?
gotta get to bed now, but i'll be up for the madness as this comes to an end :-) i soooo hope we all pull (together with the schwartz's goats, of course) to the fenrir finish line!
@tom champion what?!?!?!?!?!?!?! there's going to be a bards tale iv? aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
were rolling towards the 30k limit, whip them goats!  ;-)
woke up to discover the long wished fenrir. so, thanks a lot for the addition !
yes,they come in retail boxes, and the 3 bonus ks figures with the rams add-on come in their own box.
just got on board for $130, i have been reluctant as i know that i will be pledging a lot for bards tale iv when it appears and have just pledged to shadowrun: hong kong and i'm also looking at seven dragon saga bt tsi but the money only goes so far. i love mike mcveys miniatures as i backed sedition wars. hopefully we get to the fenrir as its a great miniature and i have all my pc equipment named after norse mythology.
@jobra - yesterday we made 40k (710 - 750k) in around 7 hours.  we have plenty of time to reach fenrir - and if cmon are feeling very generous, we may get one more sg after that.
i'm going to assume that the gods,shaman and rams will all come in their retail boxes (boars too?) probably in zombicide type extras boxes? the rest fit in the core box?
@punk i want it all i'm staying at my level, but where's me goats! ;-)
come on you horned beasts pull me goats pullll! ;-)
we need 3.4k a hour to hit this sg
thanks! i guess more sg reached will mean heavier and heavier boxes - thus more postage :-p lol
@teowulff postage will be added later in the pledge manager, as cmon explained, postage now artificially raises the total, better to add later.
@teowulff don't add the shipping costs. those will be calculated one they know the size and weight of everything, which won't happen till after the ks is done.
thanks!
fortune smiles on this project.  thank you cmon  for structuring a project where the backer feels they're getting a great game, rendered with beautiful art and figures, at a wonderful value.  just signed up over at cmon's website, and am purchasing supplies to paint with.  after pledging for two games and a book here, my only question will be how many to add for gifts later. much appreciated.
as there are no shipping costs mentioned, i have no idea what to add to my pledge. if it's to be added at all at this stage?! i bet we would have reach a 10% higher plegde total if we'd know what postage & handling costs to add!!
as there are no more add-ons, i have lowered my pledge to $100. :^(
@yosu gomez possibly. we won't know the actual shipping charges till they set up the pledge manager. i would assume so, but at a certain point the box could get to big and they'll have to break it up into multiple shipments, which will cause a price jump in shipping.  a few extra copies are probably fine though (don't forget the expansion and art book for everyone).
well, had to add 5p clan as with unlock i'd have pointless shaman figs otherwise! wish the wolf was an add too, only thing-aren't zombicide figs 28mm and these 32mm? but-hey ho-hope it gets unlocked :)
just did my part and doubled my pledge to get an extra game for a friend :)
@yosu: yeah, i believe this is possible... my sister did this for us back with zombicide s3
is it possible to group several friends and add pledges so they are all shipped to one and save in shipping costs?
yeah it just seemed like a few more than normal all at once. i wasn't sure if i missed something about this particular campaign. hopefully not as i am excited for this game!
cheers guys, guess im staying woop
the hairy painter - read story section above... and bottom questions there.
@mark - their wives said "you have too many kickstarters".. and that was that.
@mark urlacher it happens in every ks. someone either changed their mind, or suddenly can't afford to pay up right now. the latter is easy to understand. as for the former, i can only guess that maybe they thought there would be more free/exclusive stuff and backed out when that didn't happen. i know i managed to jump on an early bird for another ks because i just happened to be there at the right time, although i think the person may have just changed from early bird to a much larger pledge level.
would still love the option to add on duplicates of monsters without having to buy a complete second game. i'm sure there are a few in the same boat, and i'm sure it will give a nice kick along to the final pledge tally.
any idea why early birders were dropping this evening?
dammit patrik, my wallet can't take that
in games w her using her soldiers could have a...price
will studio mcvey release some limited edition resins to go along with the norse theme?
@godfather punk-nice i liked that movie
so i can add the main game to my pledge later, just don't get paid till the end of the month and would rather not miss this.
+3 for last minute add-ons! let's bag this hound!
the hairytale - yes, but you cannot buy just addonns, because they are addonns.
hela and her armies of the dead would be an interesting faction in "one less" games they could be controlled by a random player each turn
i believe you can pledge $1, and then increase your pledge later. as long as the $1 gives you access to the pledge manager, you can make all the pledge changes you want later.
@ron - "if you double your basic pledge you'll receive an extra base game and an extra copy of all unlocked stretch goals." ... so its extra copy of all!
if you double your pledge, do you get two games including all stretch goals? or do you get 1 game including stretch goals + 1 base game?
morning guys, am i able to back this project at $1 and add the full game to my pledge when the pledge manager gets sent out? or is this not an option for this project?
@graham - an add-on would totally rule at this late stage.  knowing what sells - give us a pack of female figs please!!!  make 'em berserkers or valkyries, not tied to any one clan. i think its too late to hope for an add-on, but... we can dream.  (of goats)
@schwartz - i'm afraid thiago looked a bit too hard for the goats... http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view/55365/stare-at-goats-o.gif
tbh i like the fact that the clans are similiar at this point atleast. because for example in ti3 i hear nagging all the time when playing with certain factions, about some effects and powers being imba. blood rage ignores those things and is more pick up and play. + if cmon wants they can easily playtest after and before releasing the base game and add clan specific stuff with clan cards etc. :)
@thiago 'tanngrisnir and tanngnjóstr are the goats you are looking for!' ;-)
just give us a $10 add on and we will blitz this
i think when they play tested it did not work as well with clan specific abilities. people will slip into favourite clan tactics - the kind of thing they wanted to move away from. with this system, you don't know your abilities or how you will play until you draw the cards that define what your clan can do and what you have to use. and you also don't know how the other players will play, so people who would otherwise try and play a certain way each game, will have to form a strat based on their clan cards.
@nathan land: the expansion gives 5th player upgrade cards. if they were for download on pdf there wasn't anything that you'd need to play with 5 players. must say that, relatively, the expansion offers very little for almost half the price of the core game if you see what's included.
15 hours and 48k, going to be tight but we should be able to do it.
also, adrian smith is an amazing artist and you all want to buy the art book as well.
awww...come on...just give us the big bad wolf at 780k......
@jimmy: if i remember correctly, they decided against that, as it would shift the balance of the game in a significant way.
@john, i like the mind tricks. cunning.
to the creators of the game (eric lang and friends): there is no difference between the clans except of how they look (and by thor, they look amazing the figures). i have a idea (a great one i think ;) ). each clan could have a "clan specific upgrade" from start, to make them to stand out more (this could be a free rule to play with). those specific upgrades could then later be changed with those in the cards of the three ages.
nice one @der speigel as it should be! when fenrir is said to be the slayer of odin come ragnarök. now pass me them goats @thiago! ;-)
772k... about 50k to go before fenrir lands. what after him if we get there early?
the correct answer is yes, you do like the miniatures and want to buy them.
"we" need another +$48k, do like me, send a call to all of your clans members :) @nathan land - the boar clan is just to be able to have one more clan to switch between in the ground box play. if u want to play with 5 players, u need the 5th player expansion since you also need the extra 24 cards (8 cards for each of the three ages)
the base 5 clans are just flavour, you can only still play with up to 4 players.  the expansion adds all the cards etc for 5 players. if you will never play 5 then you have to ask, do you like the miniatures enough to buy them.
@nathan land - the wildboars are just a lovely gift from cmon; the cards you need to play with a 5th player are in the expansion. in other words, you'll be wanting it if you want to play with 5, but it's your choice *which* 5 clans get played.
not sure if this has been answered yet.  but with the 5 included clans of the base set, just how useful will the expansion be?  also, will the expansion be more of a rules for 6 players, or what?  i am debating on whether or not to get it as well.  rather confused now that there are 5 clans in the base set, but yet in order to have the rules for playing with 5 players you need the expansion.
i'm looking forward to the art book, contains all art including any unused art in hard cover.
nice it's said here: yes, if you double your basic pledge you'll receive an extra base game and an extra copy of all unlocked stretch goals.
@pressureman if i hadn't already pledged, that gameplay video would have sold me. yes, the players might have been a little overenthusiastic, but if you can get past that you'll see how fun and interactive the game is. definitely a game for those looking to have fun and laughs (and possibly adult beverages).
@henrik-ah knew the last part but didn't know that was odins rune... appropriate fenris treads upon it.
@teowulff - can't disagree with you there!   for myself, (and i know i'm not the only one) i have plenty of pretty minis that i never get to use.  which is why i get excited when a game comes along that looks good and i know will get played often.  this is one of those games.
i am a new backer, so may be already discussed... only i think that tyrs mjolnir looks too simply in compare with other hammers in game?
@noit: pretty sure you do.
so do you get all stretchgoals double, if you add another 75$ game ? ...
so garmr may be fenris but maybe not... @cmon -alternate sculpt of fenris sans chains with a more warhoundesque head sculpt?
@ der speigel the valknut rune symbolizes odin (it often appears close to him on runestones for instance) and at ragnarök odin will meet his doom in the jaws of the world wolf.
@pressureman: not sure if people pledge for the "quality of the gameplay" as for the extremely cheap and pretty minis we get for the money. even if the game sucks, the minis are more than worth it - so people won't be disappointed either way.
upped my pledge to $195!
i'm still in awe of how successful this campaign has been without a bunch of add-ons to keep the pledge total moving.  the bulk of the growth - even now as the end approaches - is due to base pledges.  it says a lot about the perceived quality of the gameplay that we are still drawing new people in.  good job, eric lang, and well-run campaign cmon!
@henrik-i saw the rune but didn't understand the significance. illuminate me
on the base, you can also see right hand of týr
@schwartz-didn't know hela had a dog i'll have to look that up( for my own education mot because i doubt you) may have to name a pup after him.
on the fenris sculpt i personally like the nod to odin with the valknut rune on the base :-)
can't be a ragnarok wo the big bad wolf  he'll huff and he'll puff  til all the stars go out
@schwartz, no goats - no glory, right? :)
and hel hel hel! give us hel and her bad hound garmr! ;-)
i'm in for a core and the 5th player expansion. this is actually the first ks i have backed after drooling for a couple of years at stuff. hope we get fenrir
you noted that too @der speigel it really is a nice detail :-) pull me goats pullllllllllll! ;-)
well that's a good start to the day, hell of a good value to quality for around $100. so even if you don't want the expansion, the art book is worth it!
i think thaigo said the shaman and gods would come in their own separate set boxes, and the 3 bonus monsters in the add-on ram clan would be in a separate box.
c'mon tom we can squeeze some goats a chariot and hela in also
@all: my bad! it's still early here ;-) still my remark about the expansion box still stands!
yessssssssss!!! so happy fenrir is the last sg, really hope we get there!
tyr's hand on the base is really icing on the cake.
that is the bad ass fenrir i was hoping adrian smith would give us.  awesome!  thanks cmon.
@cmon-i would like to see adrian smith's take on other cultures and their mythology(hell i'm a fan of adrians take on most things). egyptian next please
@teowulff,  fenris is exclusive!
fenris is exclusive
@teowulff, what i read said fenris was a ks exclusive...
with fenris (also being a non-exclusive character) it makes me wonder how many game addons there will be that won't be in the ks but will be in the final retail version?! -- anyway: i'm happy with what we get now. the only gripe i have is that the addon box adds very little - except a few cards for 5 players; after all we already have miniatures for 5 tribes/clans and unlike the core game it adds no big monsters, gods, game board or whatever, just "3 small kickstarter extra minis". if it wasn't for the 5 player cards it would have close to no added value.
pull me goats puuuulllll! ;-)
any idea if they with in the main box?
yes
@cmon will there be separate boxes included with gods of asgard and shamans of midgard for us backers? since they will be expansions at retail.
t- $50k in 15hrs.
@rasmusnalle:  i suspect a couple of people have checked their bank accounts and realised they aren't as in the black as hoped at this point :/
what a fantastic sight to wake up to this morning. i have no doubt we will get there from based on other cmon campaigns, they judge these things very well.
spread the word,  we're a l most there. i think we'll easily do 820 and i hope that when we do cmon have another stretch goal beyond that.
wow second early bird open within a short time :)
820k will come easily, we might even reach 900k, there should've been another sg  :)
random question: i'm assuming the figures just sit in the coloured bases (rather than clicking on somehow). if so, will the coloured bases be permanently attached to the warrior, leader and shaman figures? because surely there's no reason for those ones to be detachable (just the monsters).
to be honest, i don't think we would have reached this amount without the add-on. i know you need it for 5 players but i just got it for the bonus figures, and that you get 3 bonus monsters with it, which won't be available retail.
it's gonna happen
of course, i hope we reach 820k. if we don't, however, i hope they go ahead and finish up the fenrir sculpt as a reasonably priced add-on for the pm. i know i'd buy it.
@henrik- the dog in the pic's father is a siberian husky/timber wolf mix his moms a german shepard
we need more backers to reach 820k and that is starting to seem a bit unlikely, and i'm guessing most backers are ad their cash limit,
they should either make more add-ons  or make the current add-ons more attractive (seems like its not worth the upgrade according to some) so that people are more willing and able to pledge more than what they already have pledged. from the current setup, 820k seems like a stretch.
upped my pledge 30$ for the 5th player addon.... i want that fenris ^^
hello everyone. i am excited to have finally pledged and have a chance to be a part of the excitement! this game looks amazing and i cannot wait to see if we can unlock our final goal(s?!).
@coralline that i can imagine :-) i'd probably gone totally nuts myself hadn't i been sleeping ;-) ahhh it's a great day!
he was kind of a deal maker/breaker for me.
@ der speigel and i'm all the happier for it :-) it wouldn't be the same without fenrisulven...
@henrik - we were going crazy when they unveiled fenrir. sooooo glad they added it!
it is slightly worrisome that they were doing a game about ragnarok and didn't have fenris lined up... but they listened
@erik h - that's understandable. you're backing the core game so you're still a true supporter. every backer is important. i'm not getting the expansion either, although i would if i had a gaming group that called for a 5 player game. i'm almost always 3 player max.
@shakal-we haven't got to the final free gift stage that'll be between 3-5pm est
@ cmon thank you so much for listening to your backers! and thank you backers for wanting this! what fantastic news to wake up to! fenriswolf sg, finally! yes!!!! i'm sure we can bag this one, spread the word add the book! gogogo ;-)
canceled  my extension.  was expecting a bonus to keep it but as nothing comes, the basic game will be enough.
it's a shame that the 5th player expansion is an expansion at all and not just part of the game, especially after raising over $750k+...
i wouldn't worry about reaching 820k. we'll reach that easy, since over 100k was pledged yesterday, and the final day is always more in campaigns like this.
@jessie yes i too believe 820k is a stretch and not sure if we will make it. it's too bad the fifth player expansion also almost buys me a different whole new game so i am not inclined to go for it.
@daniel warren: just add the 25$ for teh art book to your pledge total (via thze manage button) after the ks ends, cmon will send out a pledge manager survey where you can allocate your funds.
well fenris will be here shortly... so how's about that chariot preferably w seperate/removable war goats of both gender and hela then to round off loki's brood. you can throw in a adrian smith not beta ray bill if you guys are really feeling saucy.
i don't want to be the negative one here but i feel 820 is a little out of reach with the time limit that we have. i do hope we make it though as i'd love a fenrir model.
hey there-- just asking how to secure a copy of the artbook with my backing? thanks!
yessir @john that's more the soft way as we say in ju jitsu, but i guess a combination of more pledgers and more pledging will take use there :-) and me goats! ;-)
@alan wight if you didn't get a page saying you successfully changed your pledge something may have gone wrong..had trouble changing mine.
@john mcmillen - drastic... but unquestionably manly. (your idea works fine, too. :-p)
@rob stith that's a bit drastic. if we could just get about 2200 people to add one of the add ons they haven't already pledged for, we'd have it easily. based on the current pledge/backer ratio of about $92, for every two games purchased, only one add on was purchased (roughly, i know it's not exact). so that means there are tons of people only buying the $75 box. so come on people, even if you don't want the extra clan at least add the art book. you know you want it.
cheers @joshua chinsky! he is confirmed to be a bad enough dude. who else?!
@morten 5!
@rob smith double pledge challenge(tm) already done!
and the goats of course, finish that thor sculpt! eh @thiago ;-)
yes 5s all way around @morten lets pull towards that bad dog fenrir!
everyone who is able, take the double pledge challenge(tm) with me. you can sell the extra game on ebay afterward, and we'll all be heartbroken if we come just short of fenrir. are you a bad enough dude to unlock fenrir?
fenriiiiiiiiis!!!! how awesome is that cmon listen to the crys for big bad wolfie - i do think a bunch of high 5's all around is in order :) oooh and fenris ate those goats ;)
hope they come through @punk, but you have a point, last chance to sniff the ozone divine! ;-) and by mjölnir! come guys! speak to yer neighbour, convince a friend so we can get the pledge to explode towards the end!
lol
it's the twilight of the goats, schwartz.
agreed @der spiegel, we need them goats, but sometimes i feel you guys goat me on with yer tales of eating and barbeque ;-)
@alan - usually that happens when you're not logged in ( eg "leave a comment (for backers only)")
@alan wight maybe your browser had just cached an old version of the page before you backed it. sometimes weird things like that happen. usually shift+f5 (force reload) fixes it.
thor ate them all the time schwartz as long as you follow the rules it's all good. apparently war goats of asgard are delicious. also the the female is functionally a keg and a milk cow(goat) it's really win win w those two
if you can post you are a backer...that being said i'm a kickstarter noob also (#2) so...
@algae repent! no curry with the sacred goats! ;-)
i originally backed this project like 3 days after it went live. i just checked in here again and it said i was not a backer. i have pledged again, planning to get 2 main games, 2 expansions, and 1 art book. how do i make sure my pledge isn't "lost" again? i have an email that confirms me changing my pledge amount last night when i upped from $105 to $210. i have now pledged $235 to get an art book for myself, too, as i really want that fenrir model!!! but how can i be sure my pledge stays in this time? i've been getting the email updates ever since i first entered my pledge of $75. what gives?!? i really don't want to miss out on this!!! this is the first project i have ever backed...
it's okay as long as you don't crack the bones and suck the marrow they'll be right as rain in the morning(see what i did there guys lol)
i'm guessing the goats are either on the barbecue or in a curry. that's where i'd have em!
but hey a splendid idea to have the predicted slayer of odin as one of the final sgs after the seers. but where's me goats, must.... must! snif the ozone divine! ;-)
btw careful @rob it is strongly addictive, life sniffing the ozone divine! ;-)
itm! so it was a rock and not a chariot in the mystic graphic !&%$@?! but by mjölnir we get fenrir. and what a pledge pace. but still thors sculpt is not finished yet, pass over them goat and that chariot @thiago! ;-)
you can add to your pledge in the pledge manager when it opens up.
@thiago-ok i just upped my pledge. it's still not the full 70 but its all i can do before this ends. would like an official confirmation i'll be able to increase in pledgemanager.
i think we'll make it we just did almost 10k in an hour or so
i do hope we can purchase fenrir if we don't make the stretch goal.
so can we squeeze a hela (maybe w warriors of hel) stretch goal or add-on(she could be a faction) out of this?
amen to that @rob smith
@xipe totec if you want i can buy one more for you. im spanish. you can send me a messege facebook ander torrado
the fact that they actually listened to commenters and saw the way the wind was blowing re: fenrir, and actually *did* it... cmon, i'm amazed. you've made a customer for life with your awesome value and high esteem for your customers.
now i'm ready for second serving!!
as nice an offer that is from renato for rum & bones, being in europe it's not exactly ideal logistically
@joshua chinksy unless it says otherwise (which i can't find), you should be able to buy as many as you'd like. shipping isn't included at this time, so you'll still have to pay that later.
when we breeze through this with hours to spare, are you going to start on jormungandr, @thiago? or schwartz's goats maybe?
@thiago and folks at cmon well done!! thank you for fenrir i'm sure he'll be unlocked soon, is 2 games the max you can get?
holy cow. i just realized that this game may actually become the second most backed cmon kickstarter of them all! in only 16 days!!! *mind blown*
@paul, haha way to spread the word! i'm off to bed for tonight though guys but the offer does stand,  just don't expect responses tonight if you pm me.
as fast as we got that last $8k, i almost wonder if we'll get fenrir overnight.
ok i'm off to bed. i've had a blast. see you in the morning fenrir.
ok finally had to jump in on this and added the expansion, looks so good!
*renato lule
@andres aguilar - renato luie has offered to add pledges for rnb for people via his pledge manager.  he asked you hit him up on facebook.
@thiago any way to get in on the rum and bones campaign?
@thiago,  i'd double my pledge to unlock the damn thing, but i don't have the money and i don't want to become that ebay minis scalper. now we play the waiting game...
@whodatmoney, i don't have any messages. try again. i'm wearing an sf giants hat in my profile pic.
indeed.
goblins are a-holes.
i'm going to bed soon, if mikademus shows up tell him to hit me up on google+. people should be able to find me now.
smacked... by a goblin?
@donnbobhardy: yep, each has a different prow. i was gobsmacked when i realized that.
@renato i think i found you and sent a pm side note fenrir!!! for the glory!
i got a few last year for my battles of westeros mini's. for example lion decals for the lannister mini's.
are the ships all unique sculpts?  i hadn't realized.
@michael also there are a few companies that have awesome decals for mini's so you could have a bunch of choices.
ok cool thanks all i didn't know if there was a discount.
ok cool thanks all i didn't know if there was a discount.
i just wanted to say that the fenrir mini is currently the best tail-less, claw-less, headless doom bringing wolf i've ever seen!
@michael lewitzke. the bow of each ship is already customised sculpt. what more can you ask for?
wow... how one wise men said, "no goats - no glory" :) but we will have a wolf... :d
i would like to see color decals for each one of the clans for their viking ships.  they would go on the sail.  cmon could charge $5.00 for a set of decals for an add-on.
thanks!
@joaquin canteros: not counting the 3d tokens, by my calculations we're at 80 figures for the base pledge. with a pretty hefty extra 1 coming up.
fenrir could have one card for each age and be controlled from the last one which played it
fenrir..nice.
ok so not counting th ships an tokens $105 gets you 85 miniatures and a great game. that means we are only paying like a dollar and a quarter for each of these minis.... wow. i'm super happy.
how many miniatures are we getting so far?
a private messenger.  sorry, typing on phones is bad
@renato oh wow yes i will
@whodatmoney, i've offered to add a few people to my r&b pledge manager if you're interested. i didn't know kickstarter didn't have a pm facebook so you can message me on facebook if you wanna talk about it. same profile name as on here.
@deathwarden: sorry, there won't be painted minis offered in this campaign.
@paul sousa: i think that's very unlikely, but i'll see.
@thiago- the last response on war paint was "it's undecided".  is it now decided, or is there still a chance to add this from the pledge manager?
@thiago - could an add-on be offered in the pledge manager only for additional minis?
so, i just checked kicktraq.  we made $100k+ today.  another $70k tomorrow shouldn't be a problem.
and giving the gods and shamans one at a time tells me they were confident they'd reach this point.
+1 for an add-on to get additional monsters. i could use a second set of pretty much all of them. fenrir puts this game over the top. i'm almost tempted to buy a second set of the game.
@donn - i am guessing ~$750k was their top end goal and they knew they'd have the gods and shamans to add if it got there (and also use to stretch out sgs and not make finding go crazy).
i love that there is a valknut on the fallen monolith underneath fenrir
@paul - i think they were actually targeting a lot less.  shamans and gods were originally meant to be add-ons.
i'm a sad panda... i joined kickstarter about a month ago... i did some research and saw rum & bones and am upset that i cannot be a part of that lol
any chance down the road (i want them now, but would be ok with a year or sofrom now) there will be options for alternate clans?  elk/stag, fox, lynx, badger, and otter clans would be great substitutions for the main roster, would keep interest in the game, and would be an opportunity for some more of mcvey's awesome sculpts - and you could have many of them female!  while i would love to see them now to drive up the funding level i understand the constraints.  just curious if there is any thought in that direction?
pumped for fenrir, but this confirms my belief that cmon were targeting a $750k campaign and had basically everything they were planning to give all ready to go and mapped out from the start.  fantastic planning by cmon with this one.
@ mike deich: assuming you do not have the early bird, it would be ($75 x 2) + ($30 x 2) which would come out to be $210.
fenris wolf - awesome. great sculpt and thanks cmon for taking onboard the feedback. win-win
@mike same price. there's no discounts.
@mike - just double your pledge.  $210 if you're not an eb.
i've counted 89 miniatures?, so lost
don't slap me if i'm dreaming!
so if i wanted two copies of the game and two copies of the fifth player expansion how much would i need to pledge (want to give one as a gift) i couldn't see anyplace that said how much adding a second game would be.
now, thats what i call exciting!!! you got me worried for a while cmon. :) awesome mini that fenrir.
just got back....wow just wow. great sg to end it all.
@donnbobhardy: pretty sure this is it.
give me anything to buy! i want the wolf.
@thiago - is there a plan for any additional add-ons, or are we done at this point?
@donnbobhardy, me too, but it would be cool if there was.
@andy, it's kinda late but if you want me to add you to my r&b pledge, try messaging me on facebook. profile name is the same as this one and i have an sf giants hat in my pic.
oops.  ninja'd.
well i just got the expansion cause i want no i need fenrir!
@thiago - is there any chance that we will see a big monster add-on?  i mean just duplicates.  i think people have asked for it as often as they've asked after fenrir.
@thalji: sorry, that's not really in the plans.
@thiago aranha, so mini cards comparable to mini-euro 44mm x 68mm or mini-american 41mm x 63mm. and would that be standard taro at 70mm x 120mm?
@rudolfo - yep, you have a short time. had this when my card expired during a ks.
so if you don't have enough money in the account or over credit limit when it charges to collect your pledge, it will kick it back. i believe that you do get 1 week to make good or your pledge will be dropped by kickstarter.
@thaigo any chance we'll be seeing a minis only addon? i'm sure that'll get people to pledge in more money to get the big bad wolf
that is correct. kickstarer tries to process the payment for 7 days.
@rudolfo - i've heard that if your payment fails, you have a week to fix it.
@aaron.g: i've already discussed this with mike mcvey, and he'll make sure it's stable.
double down folks. let's get this wolf.  $150 gets two base games and two sets of stretch goals. sell the extra on ebay at twice the price. check out what arcadia quest guild master is selling for.
@aaron - i think it might be a wip sculpt.  :p
yes, collection (charge to your credit or debit card) is within a few hours of the kickstarter closing.
i like the new stretch goal, but i hope that fenrir sculpt isn't going to be falling over all the time as it looks really unbalanced
@bruce hansen: yep, some people guessed at that. you could actually see the top half of the wolf head that's carved on the ground.
just means that my pledge for the art book won't help get the sg...
just means that my pledge for the art book won't help get the sg...
@caleb - i sincerely doubt it will happen.
@thiago hell, add a window decal or a shit sandwich! i'll buy anything just to get that wolf in the box now!
uber: so collection is within a few hours?
uber: so collection is within a few hours?
this is obviously very late in the game, but would it be possible to get. $5 add-on which is a print-and-play of the 5-player expansion cards? i can't justify getting the $30 add-on, but with the wildboar it would be awesome.
no, collection of the whole pledge is done within a few hours. if you can't afford the book, you can get it/pay for it and shipping during the pledge manager.
@bruce i called it! i'm so proud of myself!  wee! backnarok cometh! d
i'd pledge for the art book, but i won't be able to afford the purchase as soon as kickstarter ends. is it possible to hold off on payment for a week using the pledge manager? i always pay straight away!
@thiago lol i just realized the banners from the last two updates were from the fenrir art. you clever boy, you. do me a favor and high five everyone at cmon for me, huh?
material is a harder pvc plastic. it's produced by dust studio.
anyone else notice tyr's hand laying on the base of fenrir?
don't forget $150 gets you 2 copies of the game and all the stretch goals! hawk the extra copy on ebay.
to add addons to your pledge. just add the correct total in the 'manage' button. so for example the base + 5th player: instead of $75, it's $105 total. then when they do the pledge manager you pick the items you want and pay shipping.
i don't see what is the material used for the miniatures, does anyone know?, and how many are backers getting at the moment with all the unlocks?
good to see fenrir! thanks, cmon!
yet 130 gets all
omg! things just got real. i'm doubling down and buying a second copy.
@ub3r_n3rd - thank you. $30 added to my pledge.
add the pledge and then you can choose what you want after the kickstarter when pledge manager hits
@katmandu just add the amount. the correct answer for you pledge should be $130  :)
fenrir cometh!
@logan davis: except for the god cards, which will be tarot sized, all the cards will be mini-sized, like zombicide. each deck has a different back to mark it.
i pledged the 75 , but if i want the add ons do i add that to pledge now, or afterwards. i don't see how to select the add ons.
@bruce hansen if about 2800 people who didn't already pledge for it would get the art book now, we'd have our next stretch goal. i was already in for it so...
i would love to add to my pledge for the expansion but as we are being charged tomorrow for the pledge, i have to wait for the pm. payday is friday:)
any one have a total card and figure tally at the moment? also to the creators what card size are you planning to go with? and what will distinguish the backs of the cards for the three phases of the game?
@barak - you add your expansion to the pledge now. in the pm you pay for shipping and pick your stuff you paid for.
hell yeah fenrir! now we need a kraken, and maybe if we can a giant eagle (aka hræsvelgr)...
here's hoping we can get to 820k in 19hrs :)
hm, i hadn't seen that, not that i'm complaining, just seems weird to include a faction specific figure for a faction that's not in the box. though i guess who can complain about getting 2 extra figures.
for real, 70k means this might be our last sg, or second to last if we get lucky, but i'm super stoked, fenrir looks worth the wait.
well, they finally did it big wulf me likes it ;d
saying that shipping will be set later does not say you can't pre-apply money towards shipping.  that's like saying you can't pay more than a calculated repayment on a mortgage if you want.  apparently literacy and comprehension don't always go hand in hand.
@christian i think they said that the shamans were going to be their own expansion when the game goes retail. if they don't include them with the base game now, those that don't buy the expansion won't have them for that clan. in short, we're getting the full shaman expansion for free with the base game.
@christian. because you get the ram shaman regardless of if you buy the expansion. this was explained a while ago.
fenrir!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'd be up for an yggdrasil mini as an add on :)
fenrir?!?! well that seals it. just upped my pledge to include the 5 player expansion to help make sure we get that stretch goal. need me a giant wolf, people!! :)
very nice!
@christian the ram shamans were a stretch for everyone not just the 5th expansion.. so it should be in the base pledge...
it's gone. ;)
@bill redford: no more glorious death for a viking than to be killed by your wife over a board game! for the glory!
and the early bird is open for the taking
also fenrir looks amazing.
i love it!
with fenrir... its really tempting to get 2 boxes.... ahhh!!! viking awesomness or being murdered by my wife...
@vinicius campos, if the don't or can't make a yggdrasil tree mini, there is a terrain pack from games workshop that has tree models that would work very well.
has any one else noticed that it shows the ram shamans in the base pledge, and not the ram expansion?
by the gods it fenrir!!!! finally!!! done!! i'm doubled and the expansion !
i know it's probably a dumb question, but - i know that i want the 5-player expansion for certain. do i add the $30 to my pledge right now, or am i supposed to wait for the pledge manager after the ks closes?
is this the last stretch goal? also will there be no additional optional add-ons? was hoping for one more.
early bird going to open in a few minutes.
weeeeeeeee! *giggles maniacally*
i can't wait to see this final sculpt!
that's a lot to hit. hopefully we get additional backers.
glad i waited up!
fenrir!
that is pretty awesome...
but really, i am very excited.  thank you, thiago.
70k dudes! everyone's buying an artbook, right? right!?
for the glory of fenris!
*whistle* here boy, come here. good dog.
increasing my pledge, as promised, due to the fenrir reveal!
fenrir!! and it co ms with lara croft!! wtf!
i want a big big big tree mini to put in yggdrasil
fenrir, nice.
a dragon would be nice
the remainder of the quote addresses it clearly: "we will collect this via our pledge manager after the campaign ends. this is so we can be fair to all our backers as shipping is rarely one size fits all, and also give you more stretch goodies and possibly a choice of carrier options." we will collect this via the pledge manager after the campaign ends =/= self-applying shipping before the campaign ends. there's no point being nice either, because people simply don't read. http://southpark.cc.com/clips/382786/you-didnt-read-it
finally, fenris is here!!!  :-)
hooowwwwwwwwwwllll!!!!
fenrir!
by odins beard update the sg!
the average per backer is around $91.79. o__o
wonder if there are anymore updates?
valhalla waits, so choose thy fate, for all of us must die!
@steve, no point in being rude.  i assure you i am quite literate.  if you'd read your own quote you would see in no way does it address self-applying shipping.
that's just 3 more backers ;)
aye, bill of redford! work be damned, valhalla awaits!
$500 buffer
i can wait. this is more important that work... :)
@bill. 300 or 400
@bill redford: you'll want to stay awake for a little longer.
here we gooooo
troll country has come and gone! woot!
what do we want? an update. when do we want it? before ragnarök
what's the cushion amount before the update? must go to bet in 6 minutes...
haha goddamn trolls
nicely done.
brilliant!
the shamans have landed!
it made!!!
yaaass! just that buffer now...
it must be so frustrating to cmon to see people posting here about adding shipping costs to inflate the total. it's clearly written on the front page that they don't want people doing this. i swear to god, literacy ought to be a requirement whenever people pull out their credit cards to buy stuff online. instead of the checkbox for reading terms and conditions, there should be a textbox in which buyers have to add "the third and sixth word from the paragraph about shipping costs". quote: "shipping information - please take note based on past experience, we will be charging shipping after the kickstarter concludes based on the actual costs incurred to ship. "
hurray
there it is!
there we go:p
skol vikings!
why is it going down?!? (okay, i know why. but still. *fistshake*)
10 more backers would do it...
up and down? argh:)
almosth there... plus a buffer.
300 to go......
https://www.youtube.com/watch… appropriate
need....sleep... want... stretch goal...
prepare for glory!
$1,000 left!
oh man! so close! i'm stoked to see what's next.
@thiago wasn't aware of that, i removed my shipping costs from my pledge now.
@tyler i think so.
...so close
@tyler this has been asked before, and most people agree it's not going to be worth it. the amount of ks exclusive stuff is small, and except for a few extra monsters most of it is just upgraded components. if you were looking to buy and resell ks exclusive stuff, the conan board game was a better choice.
you can of course pledge more out of generosity:)
adding shipping to your pledge is a massive headache for those running the kickstarter. please don't do it.
please don't add your estimated shipping to your pledges. cmon and thiago have already mentioned not to
ah i see that now
@andrew sletten: adding shipping to your pledge now will complicate your process during the pledge manager, where shipping is actually calculated.
@andrew sletten except that cmon has asked us to wait until the pledge manager to do that...
@renato is there a way to pm you?
except the percentage of the estimated shipping would go to ks instead of, you know, shipping.
anyone planning on pledging for the conan kickstarter when the pm goes live? i can't find any information on how its possible to join when that happens.
what do you guys think a ks exclusive copy would be worth for resale if say i got two and sold one? i'd like to back more, and maybe get a little cash back.
@john, someone suggested we add to our pledge to reach the goal by including shipping. makes sense to me. if all 8k people added ten bucks we'd crush the goal, maybe two
we can make the next goal in minutes, get the word out!
@andrew sletten shipping costs will be calculated after the ks ends so they can figure out how big/heavy stuff is going to be. you don't need to add it now. when the pledge manager opens you will be able to pay the shipping then.
wow, already really close to the next goal, keep spreading the word friends.
wait is there a wait to get a late pledge to rum and bones in!?
not missing out on this one i am in too good a deal to turn down
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
wasn't there an entire afternoon of amon amarth lyrics and manowar videos? should we go back in time? ..."if i could turn back time...!"
@logan davis: manowar's "gods of war".
@logan dethklok's thunderhorse, better metal snake, and the lost vikings on loop.
a viking heavy metal album to listen to while playing would be cool. anyone have any good recommendations?
how do we estimate shipping cost?
@luis i wouldn't. some campaigns require shipping to be paid after the campaign in addition to your pledge, meaning you pay shipping twice.
@luis miguel delgado: please don't.
add your shipping cost to your pledges, guys. help drive it up.
damn. think i lost mikademus... damn you g+!
@renato probaby comments are updating here so fast i can't keep up due to my 3 year old romping on me. hehe
@andy, i told michael i'd be willing to, not sure if maybe that's what you were thinking about?
its just that time of day. it will pick up again.
@andy no, i'm not an r&b backer.
ugh why!? why did it have to slow down now!? we're so close!
@lobster did you say you're willing to add to your pledge manager for rum and bones?
i do believe the one thing we can all agree on is that for future reference cmon needs to use bold neon flashing letters saying you add the $30 to your pledge for add-ons. . . i bet 1000 of the comments here are asking that or the 4 answers that follow each ask. . .
@donn, i've found if i "pop on for a few minutes" to stuff like that, i spend all day on it *cough* kickstarter *cough*
@david - ahh ok, that makes sense, thanks!
@renato - i just pop by once a day for a few minutes.  if nothing else, it has allowed me to see some truly amazing paint jobs and custom 3d boards for rivet wars.
@donn, i'm hardly ever on the forums unless i'm looking for clarifications on a rule or something like that. i guess i should more.
the fifth player expansion contains the needed cards and rules for a 5 player game. the wildboar clan is just the minis, not the cards and rules.
@mikademus search for jacob thompson, i just changed my profile picture to the image of the pillaging rewards so it'd be easier to find me. there are a lot of jacobs out there...
@donbobhardy thanks for the heads up.
i'm sure this has been answered, but after checking the comments for the keyword "player" i couldn't locate it on the first 4 pages. i see that the new 'wildboar' clan has been unlocked which is a clan alternate. however, i see on their update post that we still need the 5th player expansion in order to play with 5 people....but since this is a clan alternate, can't we technically just use the wildboar clan for the 5th player? or are there special cards/rules that are only in the 5th player expansion? thanks for any replies
@carlos - just add the $30 to your pledge.  details will get sorted after the campaign.
for anyone not in the know, cmon has game-specific forums: http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php… . nothing there for blood rage yet, but eventually, backers will move the discussion over there.
how does one get the expansion?  i didn't see were to select this.  thanks
@renato - do you hang out on the cmon forums much?  i added arcadia quest for 4 people from the forums through the pledge manager.  it's always a good idea to be on those forums while a pledge manager is open.
@michael martell, no problem man. i'm just trying to help a fellow board game lover out. i know i wish someone had done that for me for arcadia quest.
@thiago    yes this game seems metal. i just wanna listen to vintersorg, man-o-war, turisas, and amon amarth while i play.
dang.  thank you both @thiago & @cedric.  sadly i found kickstarter too late to back rum & bones.  kinda disappointing, several kickstarter companies have allowed you to add the cost of previous kick starter campaigns to their current one in order to get their current game & their previous campaign.
@renato thanks for the offer. going to pass, as my brother wanted to get in on blood rage but can't right now so going to instead get him a copy and i'll get r&b when it comes out later on. but again appreciate the offer!
if you look at kicktraq, the last 3 days have closely mimicked days 2-4 of the campaign.  if that continues, we could be looking at another $150k tomorrow.
can we do this in 2 hours?  if not, i'll be waking up to a blood rage update again.
@mikademus, sorry, i had to re-enable my g+ account. give me a couple minutes and i'll be right back
@andy. i tried but cmon finally answered that it was no more possible to pledge for rum & bones.:-(
@andy: i don't think it's still possible. try contacting support@cmon.com and asking them.
blood rage is metal through and through. the first time eric lang explained me the game, he made very clear you can't say it's name just "blood rage". it has to be \m/ blood rage! \m/ (with a loud gutural voice, devil's horns in both hands, and with someone else doing a thunderclap at the same time in the background).
@thiago is there still a way to get in as a late backer on rum and bones.  the late backer link wasn't working for me.
@thiago: wouldn't that break the game? it's inconceivable that they'd lose, what with the power of metal and all.
no, thiago already said its a goat chariot 7th clan fenrir!
don't tease!
@kevin: it's a crossover where manowar will record a song called blood rage, and we'll make them a clan in the game.
giving strength in battle, giving victory odin's chosen heroes may cross the rainbow bridge hear the thunder the sky is cracks see the rainbow bridge there's no turning back valkyrs riding a bloody trail heroes cross to asgard, never fail
lobst5r thompson, yeah, tried messaging you on g+. there are no private messages on kickstarter unfortunately.
the final stretch goal needs to be a manowar concert.
skol vikings, let's win this game, skol vikings, honor your name, go get that first down, then get a touchdown. rock 'em . . . sock 'em fight! fight! fight! fight! go vikings, run up the score, you'll hear us yell for more. . . v-i-k-i-n-g-s skol, vikings, let's go!
@thiago: it's the nearly-to-the-next-goal shakes.
lo there do i see my father; lo there do i see my mother, my sisters and my brothers; lo there do i see the line of my people, back to the beginning. lo, they do call me, they bid me take my place among them, in the halls of valhalla, where the brave may live forever.
@kevin: getting a bit carried away there, eh? one day too i may fall i will enter odin's hall i will die sword in hand my name and my deeds will scorch the land!
whoops, over selected.
near to the blaze i wander  through this black night i ponder the edge of our mighty swords did clash fallen by our axes helmets smashed glory and fame blood is our name souls full of thunder hearts of steel killers of men a warrior's friend sworn to avenge our fallen brothers to the end one day too i may fall i will enter odin's hall i will die sword in hand my name and my deeds will scorch the land glory and fame blood is our name souls full of thunder hearts of steel killers of men a warrior's friend sworn to avenge our fallen brothers sons of the gods today we shall die open valhalla's door let the battle begin with swords in the wind hail gods of war sons of odin we four by the hammer of thor ride down from the sky another is born another shall fall this day men will die glory and fame blood is our name souls full of thunder hearts of steel killers of men a warrior's friend sworn to avenge our fallen brothers sons of the gods today we shall die open valhalla's door let the battle begin with swords in the wind hail gods of war sons of the gods today we shall die open valhalla's door let the battle begin with swords in the wind hail gods of war let the battle begin with swords in the wind hail gods of war (narration): onward into the heart of the battle fought the sons of odin outnumbered many times still they fought on  blood poured forth from their wounds deep into the earth vultures waited for the broken shells that once were bodies but odin alone would choose the day they would enter valhalla and in their hour of need he sent forth unto them the berserker rage now gods and men they rose up from the ground screaming like wild animals such is the gift of absolute power no blade or weapon could harm them they killed men and horses alike and all who stood before them died that day hail gods of war
sons of the gods today we shall die! open valhalla's doors, let the battle begin , with swords in the wind, hail gods of war!
@mikademus,  wait, that does mean private message,  right...?
@michael martell, the pm for rum and bones is up now. i'm sure if you ask around, people wouldn't mind ordering you an extra copy. i'd be willing to help you out if you wanna pm me
@mikademus no i didn't get it.
the wolf gets loose and giants run the worlds will burn in war the final fight, it has begun nagelfar on asgard's shore the army of the giants rise with loki leading them odin's brother chose his side brings death to gods and men the forces clash on vigrid's fields in the longest winter time sword and axes, spears and shields kill trolls as well as lords divine
@thiago for the glory indeed!
less than 10k!
@thiago, indeed.
glory and fame blood is our name souls full of thunder hearts of steel killers of men of warriors friend sworn to avenge our fallen brothers to the end!
lobst5r thompson, you got my pm?
for contemporary viking metal pretty much anything by amon amarth!
just over 10k to go for the next sg. love the steam this campaign has collected in the last 24hrs.
@paul mann, hey, are you my cousin paul from ohio, or is this another paul?
@kyle the entire manowar  album gods of  war is a norse myth concept album and truly epic sounding! all hail manowar!
for fans of rum & bones and blood rage, alestorm's "back through time"
@kyle, wizard's album "thor" and manowar's "gods of war" album.
@captain matt:  too soon :(  now i want to add that movie to my watch queue for this week.
fair enough. my wife might not appreciate it if i'm standing on the kitchen table. hahaha though my kid would love it!
@michael i only accept that address when people are standing on their desks.
@kyle odland: check out rebellion history of vikings part 1-3
thank you oh captain my captain.
@michael the pledge manager was just released for it a few days ago, but that doesn't answer your question.  july is when it was estimated to backers... again not answering your question.  so sometime after july.  :-)
we're going to blow the next sg out of the water! i'm making a playlist for this game already. including judas priest "halls of valhalla", tyr "hold your heathen hammer high" and etc....
i missed out on rum and bones anyone know when that is going to be released commercially?
@ paul just increase your pledge by 30$ to 105$
i'm loving all the extras so far. this game is going to be packed!
@paul mann add $30 to your pledge. you can add it with the pledge manager, but adding it now helps hit stretch goals.
hello all, as this is my first kickstarter i have participated in i have some questions. when or how do we order the 5th player expansion?  do i just increase my pledge by $30.00 or do i get some order form later on? thanks, paul.
i noticed that blood rage is closing in on rum & bones' final take as well as being just a few hundred shy of double the backers. in a campaign half as long, no less. fewer people bought in on r&b, but they were spending more each. br backer comments have suggested that a portion are prepared to spend more, given the chance and another faction are prepared to walk if there are more add-ons. makes me wonder if r&b would have had a higher draw if only it hadn't ended right around christmas. of course, zombicide season 3 had a lot of add-ons and made more than both combined. no real point, just musing.
@atul i do not recall seeing it, but probably 90 min would be my guess but once your group has played before it could speed up.  the gameplay video was over an hour and had a good chunk cut out, but to balance that out they did goof off a good bit too.
@belisarius: well that's not the case but i do understand the ground behind it as it clearly smell like a scam, data theft practice. thank you for the info. @athul: game duration according to eric lang 60 to 90 minutes
swt, im sold in for the full lot
wow - we are gonna break the next sg soon.
one reason i know of for a credit card to be rejected online, is if it was issued in a different country to the country you're paying from.
hello everyone my name is popen and i'm a game backaholic.
@mikaela with the way the draft is setup and the randomization of which zone gets destroyed every age.  i think you will find a good bit of replay ability in the base game.  then when you consider you are adding in both the gods expansion and shaman expansion i think you will get many many hours of enjoyment from this.
@hagalaz. about the only thing you can do solo in this game, is read the rule on your own.
is there any place that the expected duration of play mentioned?
@mikaela...  i'm in for the whole $75.
i just want a army of awesome adrian smith vikings and beasts
this may of been covered so sorry for repeat, are there solo play rules for this game?
@dale whapham same here only in for a doller at the moment. i think im worried about replay-ability of the game!!
@thiago and becky rose: thank you. i was a bit apprehensive as ks paying method  changed from amazon to stripe it's for me again an uncharted sea. i used the card (it's called postepay as it's issued by the italian postal service) without any problem whatsoever all around the world, purchasing online and even cash withdrawing abroad in many eu countries. it would be fairly strange that this time it won't go smooth but you know, you red something online and you start to have goosebumps. sorry lads to bother ...
@popenx - in my defense 15 of those 85 were $1 pledges, sold off, or canceled.
@popenx with 3 campaigns and almost 200 comments. its too late you are addicted.
this final rush is really impressive!
just became a backer.  was on the fence with this one for awhile...
i think well see fenrir in about 13k
@popenx & becky rose  @becky rose so you can actually plan ahead to gain honor points every game
@donn haha ya i don't think i can handle too many more of these. i'll need to cut myself off to recover before i become addicted.
toothgrinder and toothgnasher would be awesome but you can't have a ragnarok without fenris.
@popenx - i don't know what you're talking about.  i can quit any time i want.
@mikaela different, but you know which area will be destroyed next.
@mikaela it changes game to game as far as i know.
holy moley! 14k to go!! i was gone for all of 15 minutes at best!
@donnbobhardy so do you do anything other then back kss? just saw your profile. i see you backed lost woods too.
@lobst5r thompson: didn't i confirm that already?
they're being fed winged apes instead...
just been watching the playing video of this and only just found this ks. at the end of the 1st  and 2nd ages some lands are destroyed  are the same areas destroyed every game or does it change areas from game to game? cheers
did somebody say winged ape? xd seriously, though, are we getting that fenrir in a chariot pulled by goats with zombicide crossover minis feeding them dragon bones or not? cause i'm tired of waiting...*sigh*
@elessar: don't worry, if anything goes wrong kickstarter will keep trying to confirm the payment for 7 days.
@elessar on other ks i have been in i've seen people have payment problems and they get a little time to sort it.  ks don't send the final payment out for about 14 days... so you get about a week (the second week is to clear through the banks and accounts department and make sure all is in order).
@cambojones it's okey i also joke, only the bloody beserkers are not amused about you =)
@thiago: well thank you, so i will cross fingers! i know maybe i am a bit antsy but this ks is so good that i do not want something to go wrong. i got on the 'net mixed infos on visa electron on ks hence the all the fuss...
@cpt matt, that actually sounds rather good! :)
so a wolf, a goat, a ship... we'll still need a cabbage.
@psyco - i'll be more careful in my wording in the future... i know it's a sensitive subject!
@agreave if it makes you feel any better i can ask for a viking goat crossover brute for rum & bones.  its powers could be about blood and rage....
@cpt matt, boooo *throws paper ball* get off *blows raspberry* :)
@elessar: well, there's not much i can say about this side of things, as that is up to kickstarter. but if you had no troubles with conan, i don't see why you'd have trouble now.
@cpt matt - i read it day 1.  the game look pretty good.  and it looks like it'll be a fun game, too!
fenrir tokens as the ragnarok marker... followed by a female goat...
@thiago while you are here, i pledged with a visa electron and the pledging ran smooth as i get "woo-hoo" confirmation and also the email. i already pledged conan with the card and it was successfully charged back then. sorry to bother but i'm asking so 'cos this time pledge doesn't go with amazon payments but directly with cc details, that i gave, and i'm worried about it as on bgg some talk about troubles with visa electron. tomorrow night i will be out and i do not want 's***-surprises' to hit the fan. thank you ;)
@cambojones you make me cry ... don't do that again ...
i hate to bring an end to the silliness with a serious comment because you all are just having so much fun, but i am going to do it anyway. . someone asked this earlier in the comments about if anyone read the rulebook.  i did.  my impression is that we will have a very balanced game that encourages player interaction.  it will keep a dynamic strategy due to being over 3 ages each of which has a card draft for specialization of that age.  this allows for players to adjust their play style to match their opponents weakness and vise-verse.  i like the decision of where to pillage to increase the different stats as well.
@psyco - joke - see @thiago's last post...
right on!
@thaigo a giant, world ending, wolf-dog with a bone?
and we've passed the $15k mark
@cambojones  when was fenrir confirmed? and who?
bone! thiago said bone!  skeletal warriors for the zombicide crossover!
manowar references i knew there was something special about this ks. this must be a kickassstarter!
fenrir confirmed!
did @thiago just confirmed goats driven chariot just now, as next sg? i'm sure i heard the hint "you're trying to goat me" fall. :p
dog with a bone???? wolf?
thiago said dog. next sg is dog companions!
thiago said "goat"  . we are getting goats!!!
fenrir i want fenrir, not goats ...
hahahaha
you're always on and on about these goats, like a dog with a bone!
@ thiago: i see what you did there
ron burgundy said "great odins raven"!  next sg is a channel 4 news team clan!!!!!!
*runs circles around xipe totec* goats! goats! goats!
@erin that winged ape i'm pretty sure was based off an old 1st edition d&d demon from the very first monster manual.
i think a lot of us goat on board.
@donnbobhardy: no it's not. you're just trying to goat me.
it's still annoying.
berserker goats!
@elessar, according to rhe mythology, thor drives a goat pulled chariot. as soon as cmon said the thor sculpt was not complete, the schwartz has been hoping and begging non-stop for cmon to add his goat chariot. it got annoying for a while but then i came around to it.
he said odin's beard!  odin is getting a resculpt!!
@steven bloody berserkers =)
@agreave - i was hoping my reference would be understood. :)
lol the winged ape... people literally dropped out over it. when i got my reaper bones ks in the mail last week, i saw the winged gorilla demon and just shook my head.
odin's beard, i really need to watch hwo i phrase things. easy there guys, i think we have enough berserkers around here already.
@elessar - thors sculpt is clearly not finished. it lacks a chariot drawn by goats.
thors*
third chariot is driven by goats
third chariot is driven by goats
did someone say... berserkers?
well kickstarter campaigns are fairly strange places to visit. on conan it was damsel in distress plus winged ape shenanigans. here fenrir and nidhogg which i can understand but can someone explain to me all this buzz on goats?
ok i go sleep and when i see after i woked up the new sg =) happy smashing
well, this berserker is going to sleep. 'nite all and see you on the other side.
berserkers have been mentioned and would fit. maybe another optional monster mini, that'd work.
bloodcrazy berserkers!!
@thiago, any decision on a war paint option yet?
berserkers!!! knewit!
sorry, nothing to report for this milestone. i'm busy enough with the 750k update, considering you guys are rushing headlong towards like a bunch of bloodcrazy berserkers!
8,000 and climbing. come join the invasion!
update! update!
wow, 8k backers! welcome all!
we need 750k for a new goal. we'll be there in no time.
as @paul s goes all 'warriors'!!! :)
an all women 7th clan with sheman. or just fenrir.
the next sg should be interesting as it has to be something brand new...or a target so far out of reach we won't get it anyway lol  i got the 24hr total spot on so i still say we could get as high as 860k, might even get two more sgs  :)
spill the blood! summon the thiago!
bring on the $750k.  i need that full set of shamans...  :)
thiiiiiiiaaaaaagggggoooooo, come out and plaaaaaayyyyyy!!!
@erin - so much awesome! \(^_^)/ ♪ ♫♪ stand and fight! ♪ ♫♪
coralline algae; that is my daughters lullaby when i put her to sleep each night. she'll be a shield maiden for sure.
them goats, them goats, i hear them bleating in the distance... and fenris is approaching right behind them, odin's blood dripping from his fangs.. i don't know what the draggon is doing, but i'm sure as hell he's out there somewhere :-)
it seems we could maybe do with some mannowarrior minis to go with some of the backers on this forum  ;)
8,003 - troll buffer achieved!
c'mon cmon!  show us a new sg!
woot!
welcome backer 8000
go go go show us the 800k goal ^^ (8k backers now)
7,999 aaaand... 8,000 backers!
ok are we getting an 8000 backers goat ?
@coralline algae: born with a heart of steel!
new game scenario for conan:)
combined with that giant snake from the conan campaign and i can see a reenactment!
@jamie as soon as you mentioned it i could see them dancing around in my head.
@popenx i just had images of tom hanks and dan ackroyd in goat costumes. must be getting tired me thinks!
some call me..tim.
all clans are balanced, it's the card drafting that makes them different.
"you must cot down the mightiest tree in the forest with... a herring!"
@jamie totally i remember dragnet
@all has there been any mention of asymmetrical clan abilities on the reverse side of clan cards, to make a more appealing difference for getting the 5th and 6th clans other than aesthetics?
it's very popular with johnny viking, the humble herring, jørvik centre stinks of it. lol :)
i just realised why the ram shaman looks familiar. dragnet! or is that just showing my age :-)
@becky ye be speaking words of truth and wisdom! :)
wow, this thing is flying now! the engine is at full throttle and we are about to break that other sg in a couple hours!
if we get herring as a stretch goal ... that would actually be funny but only if it's with fenris flavour
become whe a litle hint with 8k backers, wath the 800k sg is?
@lobst5r - ♪ ♫♪ build a fire.. a thousands miles away... to light my long way home.. ♪ ♫♪
hela dang it
time to sleep, but make sure that we'll bring on a new sg at $750 our american vikings! i hear a distant howling...
and herring :)
or help and her long ship made of the fingernails of the dead.
an age of wolves and shattered shields
now is the time for the wolf who eats worlds.
another stretch goal is guaranteed as soon as we trash the $750k mark.
@coralline, yeah!! metal!!
@kbl aye, just one of many misconceptions about the vikings.  like the old horned helmet myth!  so much of what we understand about the past has a modern perspective on it and is often analysed with predisposition/confirmation bias.
8-ball should be positive for 8k-backers
oh yeah, i didn't realize we were so close to 8k backers. what're the chances of cmon doing another backer sg? good, bad...?
i hear howling! (｀^´) bring on fenrir!
i was getting worried as no one had mentioned goats in a while. thank heavens the goat balance has been restored. :-)
of course there was female warrior vikings. the vikings were actually pretty forward thinking back then, when it came to equality and sharing the burdens of every day life. the whole "rrraawwrr - big burly viking men as broad and strong as an ox and as wild as an feral wolf" is just plain wrong! they were pretty darn ordinary merchants/farmers who on occasion got into a frenzy and pillaged, murdered and raped.
@becky, i'm sorry if that was out of place, i got beef and i'm working stuff and getting frustrated with it, so that probably sounded really volatile. anyway, the naked fighter thing, it's whatever. i like a variety of stuff from the schlocky to the stuffy. i just wanted variety in this game, but i didn't really expect it. but right now, what's really important is that we're ~19k away from more shaman, then we can get on with our lives...for the glory. and for fenris!!
i spoke too soon. i must have jinxed it.
unless there's a surprise stretch goat ...
it's slowing down... we'll never make it...
anybody gotta spare $20k, just to get his thing done now, one in for all?  :o)
almost 8k backers. pretty awesome@
frigga is frig  who is odins wife & is not freya. freya is the goddes of love & war, so like afrodite but with a bunch of warrior ladies to kick ass - she takes half the fallen to her farm folkvangr.  and its her we selebrate on fridays & thor on thursdays.
@tim - i like this sa bum nim of yours!
it wouldn't be to hard to remove the beard from one of the warriors with helmet and then you have a gender neutral warrior, which might pass as a female. or simple headswaps. now if only one of the figures came with severed heads we could use.
crickey, i didn't expect to be the snowball that started a new wave of feminism! i did want to respond to one comment though, earlier someone said that where no female viking warriors, i have been looking and cannot find any credible source to back that up. as far as i understand the distribution of gender amongst viking warbands was around 50/50.  with all that sailing and settling around the world they'd have had to have been filming the ymca video for the village people for that to have been an all male affair.
@coralline algae; as my taekwondo master says; 1st lesson, don't get hit. =p follow that rule and you don't need armor, neither do the women. xd
@paul, this is stupid impressive, we're really rolling now!
almost 20,000 to go already. i could see us getting this next goal tonight. also people are starting to get out of work/school. might go a bit faster even.
24hrs!
this thing is moving these last few hours.  can't wait to see the next sgs.  i can't think of anything ho-hum for them to post for the next one.
@tim - of your enemies attacks you mean? ~_^
+1000000*10000000 for more females and/or extra female clan(s) with or without decent (spelling?) armor!!!!!!!
@punk - nice suggestion. there are lots of other companies that sell vikings we could use for family friendly game play, ir to appease sensitive players.
@coralline algae; armor just gets in the way. =p
re: female vikings - it's gonna cost but you could substitute one of the clans with gw middle earth shieldmaidens. they're not as fierce as the adrian smith women but there are some nice sculpts.
@mikademus - true enough. the entomology of the word for friday is a little clearer than the connection between the gods. it's cool either way.
@dean - check the blood rage fb page for some pics of the pvc production minis.
the sculpts look amazing.  i'm double ordering for the mini's.  i just really hope the mold quality comes out better than cmon managed with kaosball.  if not, it will be the last time i kickstart anything by them.
@donn - https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i'd pay for another clan of female vikings at retail if they were properly armored. nothing wrong with having half nude female barbarians. there are loads of half naked male barbarian minis. fair is fair. i prefer armor... but having both options is the best of all worlds.
we are all entitled to our wishes about what we would like to see more or less of.  and we should all be civil when others express wishes that are different than our own. in the end though, it is cmon/gg that is making this game and they make the final decisions. . . . now, where's my dragon!?!?!?!?  :p
shieldmaidens did indeed exist - recent graves in england found up to 50% of the vikings fallen in battle to be women (apparently the first now checked their. hips...) & the danes have em mentioned in their national anthem - so it's must be true ;)  the ladies did take part of the fun
@coralline algae, "yups. frigga is the goddess that lends her name to friday." . frigga or freya. it is uncertain, which. they might actually be the same goddess. the entomology is uncertain and they could be cognate being variants of the same indo-european base word.
@donnbobhardy. and let the girls still play with girls.(without the horror)
it's hardly horror. it's just a little big of good old viking gore! none of the girls i know would even make a connection between severed heads and isis. it's just some strong women taking prizes from their foes.
@skritter - there is!  you can use the boars or rams instead!
a frank frazetta expansion
freya is the considered the goddess of war ;) seems like a good fit for this game
@skritter - i'm not going to tell her not to wear those severed heads, mine would be next!
@lob5ter: it was me you seconded on the first day - i've been trying to get peoplw to notice this from day one. look, i play with me gf, and several of me gaming group are women - all of them show a clear prefrance for female pc's. so i want to see more women in the game. this is extra annoying since there are so many playable women in zombicide - which is one of the reasons it's popular in mu group. so it's wierd the same compeny would make this silly mistake now. like i said - i think that one of the perks of being in the ks is being able ro voice my wishes about the game, with hope that others will agree and something would change. so i'm voicing my wish for more femalw representation.
@coralline i agree with you
yups. frigga is the goddess that lends her name to friday.
their are no other horror elements represented in the game. it would be nice if there was an option without the severed heads.
maybe they're saving the girls for the chainmail bikini expansion.  to be split among 4.5 sgs, of course.  :p
my bad, you're right. freya is a different godess.
@ub3r - darn straight! :)
this game is a work of myth-inspired fantasy, which is great, but also means the designers have creative control, not strict adherence to source material. for good or ill, the end result is that of their creative choices, not their hands being tied. fortunately, these are some amazing end results.
@coralline - exactly my thoughts, i knew we were friends for a reason! :p
@jevr - ad 2 shamanesses (shemans?)
frigga and freya are two different gods actually...
non of the figures here are governed by historical credibility. did shieldmaiden exist? nobody knows. do they exist in folklore. sure. so why not include at least a few of them?
@jevr - i think frigga and freya are two different gods.
isis must not be allowed to change the gaming industry. they loose to the vikings. i like the severed heads. a lot of girl gamers are not squeamish about gore. some may be, but lots of them want to play a killer in a battle game.
@pheonix we have two female warriors model and one leader, walkyrias, a witch and freya (they have chosen the spelling "frigga"). sadly the norns are out , as it fenrir and so many other characters and regarding heroes such brunhild or sigfried we have none. all in all i think female miniatures are enough. and about if they are undressed, so are some of the males too specially for a cold weather. it's an artistic choice.
@godfather - ha!  well said!
settlers of catan takes some liberties with medieval economics. still a bloody fun game.
my girl is looking forward to this. she thinks the figures are cool as hell.
@skritter - i honestly missed them in the blown up picture the first time i saw them.  i imagine they will be easy to overlook when they are on minis.
are the 2 severed heads hanging off serpent clan warriors belt a bit much for the core box? . .  it can be hard enough to get the girls to play.  and with all the isis stuff in the news, the heads thing can be a bit off putting.  .  . especially as a core box inclusion.
this game takes some liberties regarding viking culture and religion. (the ram shaman looks more like a saami or inuit) female fighters might not be common in the mediteranian, but are very common in viking culture and myth. so why are they underrepresented? there are plenty of important characters to choose from. why was freya not included or the norns or eir or the mighty brunhild?
@ thiago any chance of dropping even the tiniest hint on the possibility of a monstrous wolf? :-)
@pheonix; not the game, but adrian smith took liberties regarding his art. the game is true to adrian's art. ;)
yes, fenrir!
for now....that sound somewhat promising
still missing some goats. or a big fenrir.
@snycher: not in the plans for now.
thanks guys, i hadn't checked the last sg. all's good in odin's hall :d
i don't think that the lack of female models here is representative of anything other than the subject. cmon's other kickstarters have had tons of female figures. historically the vikings were all male warriors and the only women allowed were shield maidens. sorry ladies, blame chauvinistic viking leaders not cmon.  but you are right that they are probably under dressed.
@thiago. i've never actually asked, but any word on if we'll get a larger map? or a second map? just curious.
this game takes some liberties regarding viking culture and religion. (the ram shaman looks more like a saami or inuit) female fighters might not be common in the mediteranian, but are very common in viking culture and myth. so why are they underrepresented? there are plenty of important characters to choose from. why was freya not included or the norns or eir or the mighty brunhild?
@jake waltier - rofl at that carnival in rio comment! so very true.
i think this game can be 6 player playable. so there are 99(33 for each round) cards +24 (8 for each round) expansion cards. add 6 new kickstarter`s unlocked monster cards (2 for each age) + 3 expansion monster cards ( 1 for each age) also shaman 3 cards (one for each age i guess) so we have a deck of 135 cards (45 for each round) or 7,5 for each player.  so in this case each players draws 7 cards leaving 3 cards in the deck and by the end of selecting cards turn dropping one card back to the deck. here you go. i just made this game playable with six players!!!  ...they should employ me, or something :d :d :d
@jevr: are you trying to make me cry?!    ;-)
@jevr - check the last update :)
@jevr - we'll get them in about $24k.
i am really hoping for a last stretch goal at 800k like, some valhalha reference... valkyries maybe. fenrir would be nice or even better, a double sided board...
i've been out for a while. party is almost over, any news about the ram clan shaman, folks?
a mini is mini is a mini, as long as they are good sculpts and realistic (super model warriors????) as for worrying about sculpts-its a fantasy board game based on figures of history that are long gone.
@ub3r haha tell me about it. in chicago its in the70s for one day then plummets 30 degrees tomorrow. terrible!
@becky i'm with you. i would also like to see more women in the game, especially those who are dressed like they're in scandinavia and not carnival in rio. it made sense in conan, but not so much here.
balance in all things. we need xena the board game. amazon's on the rampage. the only males are joxer and autoloycus(because bruce campbell is.... bruce campbell).
it's beautiful this time of the year. nice and warm when the rest of the country is playing around in the snow. :p
@ub3r love visiting vegas!
3:26pm here, live in las vegas, nv
@lance, people in na are coming home from work about now
i'm going to msg adrian right now on facebook and complain at him! :p
ehi only 25k more… still picking up this late at night!!! (at least for my time zone)
@jimmy - "ub3r or uber" is fine with me, i understand and sometimes i get frustrated as well, but to me it's better to leave it alone than fight over it since a lot of times it doesn't do any good and you won't change anyone's mind once they have it made up.
as for the lack of female figures: let's all blame adrian smith ;^)
i hope no one thought i was bitching about it, i have nothing to complain about with this game (especially once @thiago caves in on the board issue ) . . . i am looking forward to this game immensely and hope i see it in gencon
till the morning may the goats steeds pull strong! ;-)
@lobst5r thompson there are a few cases of it working the other way too, i collect mini's and yes some characters are really hard to find: a halfling female in plate armour for instance - but it's also pretty difficult to get a male rogue.  they do exist but it's tricky!  if i was better at sculpting i would do a ks of non-archetype player characters! :d
yessir @punk paint a goat by numbers! ;-)
@becky, i need to work on my portfolio anyway, let's round some people up and start working on badass toys and games lol man, if only i had an exorbitant disposable income...start companies left and right, and just do illustrations for all of them...
@uber - (i think i spelled your name wrong) . . . semantics is something i love playing with. as a writer, i am always playing with words. i know that in comments and forums many people go with the "i can't be bothered to say things properly because it is a forum" mentality. but that never stops me from being bothered by it. . . :-d
boom! $25k 'till update!
i only wished that the warrior upgrade to the serpent clan (which is a core box upgrade) didn't have 2 severed heads hanging off her belt. . it can be hard enough to get the girls to play. and with all the isis stuff in the news the heads thing can be a bit off putting. . especially as a core box inclusion.
i also wish there were more females in this (and other) kickstarters that have figures. we don't need the cheesecake figures either, just normal fighting women who are properly armed and armored to give us some more variety.
@yishay and @becky, i agree about the female character thing. nobody raised a stink about it because we get it, but it's something i wish producers and content makers would be aware of; 1st or 2nd day in someone brought it up and i seconded the idea that there should be more diversity, and when it didn't happen, we weren't surprised. i want my wife to play, and what if my wife doesn't want to play a badass dude but a badass woman? maybe she'd like to play with a set of badass female minis who isn't scantily clad and covering their nipples with a bone necklace. so yeah, i felt ya when you made the comment about taking one on the chin the other day. eventually someone is gonna get it, whether it's cmon or someone else, and maybe there'll be more diversity. lol, so i got beef, and i'm sorry if it sounded like i was ranting at you. but i don't buy the patriarchy cracks. it's cheap and petty.
@mikademus - i'm not doing anything with cars lately! (other than an office kart race), i'm all about d&d of late.  although i do plan to get back to working on my rpg later this year.  provided i don't buy too many models to paint on kickstarter... :p
@agreave - you have no idea how the crowd reacted to the colouring book sg in the super dungeon explore ks :^d or the non-exclusive coin
@ffxiv siren - you will fill out the pledge manager after the kickstarter finishes and let them know what exactly you want for that $105 pledge, don't assume anything and not fill out the pledge manager because you'll also need to pay for your shipping at that time as well.
@becky rose while i know it's not the most ideal solution, there have been plenty of female norse/barbarian type miniatures made by many different companies. there's nothing stopping anyone from substituting miniatures as long as they find them appropriate. plus, they can always create additional clan expansions later on that feature more female miniatures.
ok i just increased my purchase to include the 5th player expansion as well as people were mentioning on the optional expansion page it appeared the game was seemingly intended to be 5 players and content not included in the 4 player game so i decided to snag it as well. i am assuming by making my offer $105 even without a comments field it will be known i want the expansion.
@becky - you can buy six copies of the game and have all female clans!  (not serious, i would be cool with more female clans and can understand the frustration of female gamers).
@godfather, but only the front cover for now.....;)
lack of female figures, christian themes... i hear a lot of people shouting and demanding things without having good history lessons. history lesson for all of you, and trust me, you will either start a flame war or rethink what i just said: woman in battles were worse than men. where men would just cut your arm off and let you run, woman would actually make you suffer so badly, that even the men were afraid of the "valkyrie", "freya" and all those female gods. a man was easy to kill, a woman... men still have some honor you know ;)
@becky, sure am i :) i'm all for female gtos! but does power racing really fit with the viking theme? that said, if i made a series of super cars i'd sure as hel name them for norse megabeasts!
i think it's about time for a colouring book sg. ;^)
i love it! i love all the stuff they developed! artbook, just great. playerexpansion with a new clan, awesome! all the sgs are really great and make this game an epic masterpiece! back this like you never backed something before, thank you...
other bigatures(fenrir and other loki's children) will be for the last sg (i hope)
@mikademus - i did wonder if that was you mikademus! :d  i was going to ask if it was you on facebook but you're never on it! now, let's get some female goats in the game.
@becky, in norse and celtic mythology the serpent represented magic, wisdom and healing, if you prefer
@becky i agree there should have been more female figures as well
@becy rose, i have to agree with you on this one. the only thing i could criticize is that although i'm really happy to see the serpent clan (more fun for my girlfriend!)  i would have wanted more females in the game as women were usually empowered in the viking culture and mythology. other than that i've been very happy with the campaign.
becky, fancy seeing you here mate! o/
not 24 hrs just yet
@deathwarden the extra clan in the base pledge was announced at 7000 visitors which happened just before the 48 hour mark.  24 hours is still half hour or so away,
i think we're actually at 24 hours and 45 min.
hel, fenris, nidhog and me goats of course ;-)
no big announcements at the 48 or 24 hour marks?
@drapetomanius grimr i have only ever stated my view on the lack of female figures when in agreement with an existing post.  i do believe it is a pretty lacklustre showing for female models in this campaign - and on christian themes which really does take away from the norse vibe and is a terrible shame.  but i am also aware that many men hate such things being pointed out, and would never have raised the topic if i felt i was alone on the matter...
@Þráinn gunnlaugur Þorsteinsson +1 :) i'm pleased with the stretch goals - glad the £750k is both the missing shamans! wondering what the final (possibly) stretch goal is!
aye, sign me up for a fenris.
@godfather that's a good point
i also wanted to add that i'm totally buying the 5th player expansion a.k.a. the ram clan! as a player with 4-6 people in my gaming group i can appreciate being able to buy this expansion while it could be irrevelant for others with smaller playing groups to have 5 players and therefore a more expensive core game. i can respect that marketing strategy.
cool thanks!
Þráinn gunnlaugur Þorsteinsson speaks the truth! i have also been here since day one and i am very pleased with the development of this ks, from the extra monsters, through the exclusive tokens right to the seers and extra boar clan. all it only needs now is........ fenriswolf!!!!!! ;-)
@gabriel herrin: your pledged amount will be charged the moment the campaign is closed. later on, when the pledge manager goes live, you'll be able to pay for shipping and any other extras you'd like.
@gabriel it will be taken after the ks ends
@gabriel, kickstarter still take the pledge.  the pm allows you to chose which options you want with the money that you pledged.
uh oh, someone's been triggered by the patriarchy.
question - this is my first ks that's going to use a pledge manager... will my pledge still be taken as soon as the ks ends, or not until the pledge manager closes?
don't really understand the negativity. you pledged for the game, believing it was worth the money. a load of stuff has been added as a freebie and because it's not the free stuff you want...you whine! it's still free stuff!
@gunnlauger i agree 100%
@Þráinn gunnlaugur Þorsteinsson - very very well said, couldn't agree more :)
@yishay marzel - they are aiming for this summer which is good news, but i agree.  the only women in the game are 1 norse god, 1 witch, and the "serpent" clan... no biblical sin reference there at all eh... i love the mini's, but i do wish that the project manager had realised they where being a bit male privileged when they totted up the contents.  viking women would fight, but not in the board game unless they stole an apple in the garden of eden, or where a witch... tbh, it puts a christian taint on the game that just doesn't fit right to me.
i've been here since day one of this kickstarter project and just wanted to add some positive remarks to even out the vibe :) personally i'm really happy with how this project has been handled. after paying a heavy sum for my conan pledge (i know, no one forced my hand there :) ) i'm really glad to get this game for a reasonable price with a good game and incredible miniatures.  i like that we are getting the gods of asgard expansion and the shaman/seers/mystics/ of midgard expansion as stretch goals and i'm also really happy with getting the wildboar clan for free too!  despite the negativity going on here towards certain stretchgoals i think the final package will look great and i also want to thank thiago for being here to answer our questions/dropping some viking metal lyrics on us. :Þ
@thes - deal!
@yishay - won't get into that debate with you concerning costs, but there are only small changes they can and cannot make. this game is 90% done. this means design, art, rules, sculpts, and tooling. so they can't make too many changes without hosing themselves and being unable to put it out in time for them to show it off at gencon.
@john @popenx ditto
@john waite no hard feelings man didn't realize thiago replied to you. i wasn't trying to be rude or anything. these comments are just flying!
uber - if i ever go out and visit my sister... i might force you to sit down and actually play at least one of the games we have both pledged for. :lol:
about the costs: lets not forget the biggest costs - time. i'm paying now for a game i'll get in a year, and this is money i could use to buy and play a game today. this, along with the rest of the already mantioned costs is the reason i feel comfertable in asking for small changes that would make the game better for me - mainly, more female heroes and monsters.
and before anyone says 24hrs to go, it isn't, still another hour for that, it's just ticked below 25hrs, so 24hrs59m30s  ;)
@yardswimmer - i hope the reason they stick to the cards is because they will redo the god sculpts, which are a bit plain compared to the rest of the minis.
okay... i *think* i have this fixed now. thanks for looking out everyone. had to quickly re-do math and now see that there are a few pledges under $2.00 per distinct figure if you are collecting for the figures alone (as some of us painters are). so current breakdowns are as follows: .  base $70/$75 pledges: 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures have been added for a total of 37 (6 ks exclusives). $70 pledge = $1.89 per distinct figure $75 pledge = $2.03 per distinct figure .  base pledge $70/$75 + $30 expansion: 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures have been added for a total of 43 (9 ks exclusives). $100 pledge = $2.33 per distinct figure $105 pledge = $2.44 per distinct figure .  base $70/$75 pledges after $750k sg: when the shamans get unlocked, it will add in 2 more distinct ks exclusive figures for a total of 39 (7 ks exclusives). $70 pledge = $1.80 per distinct figure $75 pledge = $1.92 per distinct figure .  base pledge $70/$75 + $30 expansion after $750k sg: when the shamans get unlocked, it will add in 2 more distinct ks exclusive figures for a total of 45 (10 ks exclusives). $100 pledge = $2.22 per distinct figure $105 pledge = $2.33 per distinct figure
my wishes for sg 1 fenris 2 naglfar
@uber you are welcome and yea i did that too the first time as well. would have been cool if they put the actual figure in that illustration
:lol: nothing of the sort... i just have a way of going to gaming groups and such... and a 4 player game basically means my husband and i and another couple. i'm an extrovert. i usually like a few more people around than that.  as for 2 players... it's good to learn the rules to teach others... but i find i get tired beating my husband, so we usually don't play any 2 player game for many cycles. :lol:
heh, after zombicide 3 my wallet told me: no more sunny boy!...but this boar clan was total overkill for me :) sadly (for my wallet) in my gaming group we very often ending up in 5 player dead end, so bye bye 105 usd...hope last sg will be some epic monster, fenrir, jormungandr or...epic naglfar? :d i hope my zombicide 3 package will not arrive at the same date sa blood rage...
can thes be... too popular?! °o°
damnit, yes, i am missing the gods, good catch! i was counting figures and did so quickly with the gods being in card form just bypassed them. thanks for that!
i also think this will be a nice game to play. very easy rules but still something to think about and it seems to be balanced with two players as well.
@librarian take a ride with the wielder of mjölnir in his chariot across the skies, put out your head over the edge and sniff, sniff the ozone divine from the lightning divine! ;-)
i need to stop meeting so many new gamers... seems to me that 5 players is hardly enough most times. 4 player games are hard to get played unless we want to split the group up into 2 games... and that always causes logistical problems.
i actually have a hard time keeping my game nights from growing quickly. i was happy for the 5th player option. i had seven people at my zombicide table last night sharing survivors.
am i missing the gods? maybe, let me double-check...
i'm not getting the issue with people complain that the shamans are a stretch goal. in the earlier update it said when the game retails shamans are their own expansion:  so after this stretch goal you get the base game, with the gods expansion and shaman expansion as bonuses. i am getting the fifth player expansion, as i have a hugely dedicated gaming group of five players who are chaos in the old world mad.
@thes hunter - i watched that movie last night! haha
gee thanks, thes! i was copy/pasting from the previous and just missed some numbers that got carried over, had all the math correct, just a couple of the other things off
@uber are you missing the 6 gods in your count?
i trust that eric lang will deliver a solid game as usual.  this is the first kickstarter (well i also back resistor the same day) i've backed and i'm loving all the stretch goals.  i just added the 5th player the other day...why not...?  :-)  keep up the good work!
30,000 to go already!! wooohooo
@francisco - no, just googled some goat pictures :^)
hey schwartz, where do i get my hands on some of that rarefied ozone?  as co-founder of a goat cult, i think my hallowed followers may have an interest. ;-)
the pledge speed has gone plaid!
are you a member of the knights who say bah! @ub3r_n3rd? ;-)
@godfather you have gone for your 2014 holidays to spain and moroco?
i will probably never play with five players but the old miniature collector in me insistson having them.  i must satisfy that urge so it doesn't try and take hold with zombicide, that would lead to ruin and insanity.
..... but the battlefield is still a couple of month ahead of us.:-(
@uber - i also saw you made that mistake with numbers... but figured you would catch it soon. :poke:
and hey a hefty pledge speed!
bah, damnit another error seen (2 more distinct figures, not 3), i fail today
thanks foe the suppert guys much appreciated ;-) by mjölnir gimme them goat steeds! ;-)
@john waite: i'm glad you appreciated my response. no need for drama, people. save the rage for the battlefield!
@becky, uuuurgh xd
noticed an error on my last breakdown, i still had "wild boar clan" in there instead of "shamans" so here it is again with the fix. . so current breakdowns are as follows: .  base $70/$75 pledges: 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures have been added for a total of 31 (6 ks exclusives). $70 pledge = $2.26 per distinct figure $75 pledge = $2.42 per distinct figure .  base pledge $70/$75 + $30 expansion: 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures have been added for a total of 37 (9 ks exclusives). $100 pledge = $2.70 per distinct figure $105 pledge = $2.84 per distinct figure .  base $70/$75 pledges after $750k sg: when the shamans get unlocked, it will add in 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures for a total of 33 (7 ks exclusives). $70 pledge = $2.12 per distinct figure $75 pledge = $2.28 per distinct figure .  base pledge $70/$75 + $30 expansion after $750k sg: when the shamans get unlocked, it will add in 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures for a total of 39 (10 ks exclusives). $100 pledge = $2.56 per distinct figure $105 pledge = $2.69 per distinct figure
after reading aprox. 2 weeks of comments...the 99% of complains are about the minis...so we can conclude that the rules are awesome or thst nobody as read them :p
@john waite - cthulhu wars 5th player costs $48+. in fairness, there is a lot of plastic involved with it though. i'm another one who is glad that this 5th player is an optional purchase. i rarely play with more that 4. so had it been included...i would be paying $100 for a game with only $70 worth of game play value to me.
@jeff richards - talking about the actual game and not moaning?  you have goat to be kidding me!
30k to go. moving along. woot.
@ub3r_n3rd:  aargh begone beast from hel
let's all stick to the be respectful and considerate, maybe? :-) on with actual game talk!
@jason, just guessing but you don't like the wolf man-right?
how do i pledge more many that will directly end up with thiago so he can enjoy his well deserved vacation after the last 25 hours of this cross-examination ähh kickstarter. :) its an amazing game, with a ton of minis. if you have a large game group pay 105 if not, pay 75. i have lots of expansions that added an extra player. cosmic encounter has three of them..., settlers has one, chaos in the old world from the same designer has one. i don't get the negative comments in the last hours...
be the goat! https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/41/ee/f0/41eef07e886d7938b3671c6a46420c02.jpg
god i hate typing on phones
not schwartz but here are some goats http://www.catinwater.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/spain-morocco-june-2010-203.jpg
@belisarius i haven't said anything since thiago answered my question.  his answer made sense so i let the issue drop.  seems the rest of the peanut gallery is too busy keeping the fight alive.  talk to your cronies.
@coralline - bwahahhahhahahahha!
i love the trolls.. in the game. not the ones here though.
too be fair to cmon the 5th player expansion was also the result of demand for such an add-on (irc).
so current breakdowns are as follows:  base $70/$75 pledges: 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures have been added for a total of 31 (6 ks exclusives). $70 pledge = $2.26 per distinct figure $75 pledge = $2.42 per distinct figure . base pledge $70/$75 + $30 expansion: 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures have been added for a total of 37 (9 ks exclusives). $100 pledge = $2.70 per distinct figure $105 pledge = $2.84 per distinct figure .  base $70/$75 pledges after $750k sg: when the wild boar clan gets unlocked, it will add in 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures for a total of 33 (7 ks exclusives). $70 pledge = $2.12 per distinct figure $75 pledge = $2.28 per distinct figure .  base pledge $70/$75 + $30 expansion after $750k sg: when the wild boar clan gets unlocked, it will add in 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures for a total of 39 (10 ks exclusives). $100 pledge = $2.56 per distinct figure $105 pledge = $2.69 per distinct figure
these comments are getting hostile. where is the schwartz with his talk about goats when you need him!?
@john: 7 wonders, and the msrp is $30(35?) for the expansion that gives you an option for another player.  if you don't like it, don't back it - otherwise you're just here because troll.
@john, what questions do you still need answers to?
@john pandemic, dominion and twilight imperium all have expansions that add players
moaning about price, really?  it's just over 1 dollar a character/monster model in this ks!  i'm buying it for the mini's. the game i'll probably never play but if i do it's a bonus!  i'm getting this for the joy of painting and the ocassional game of dungeons & dragons with mini's!  only the bones kickstarters give you this kind of $ per model - and i keep missing those!
@thiago - thanks for responding, i had looked at the diagrams, i just wanted to double check the ram clan was exclusive to the 5th player expansion :) game looks amazing, can't wait to play it :d
@hpl, haha yea. i didn't wanna be so harsh though =p
@john which of those games with $20 expansion cost 75$ or more for there base? catan for example is way less for base so subsequently expansion is cheaper too. $75 is a great price for 2-4 player game like this
i read a lot of complain about sg, about shamans instead of monsters, about add on etc... i just want to say that i'm pretty happy with this ks.  i like the fact that the 5th player is an add on i like the fact that sg allow us to obtain 2 games extensions (gods + shamans) instead of extra monsters i'm happy with the alternate clan because i love minis ;) for the glory ;)
@renato you mean that someone who insists that their questions getting answered is very important...but not so important that they are willing to take any time and effort to get it answered? it is unlikely he sees the irony.
@jeff wiesneski; well said!
@john waite - those expansions for the other games also don't come with the same level of physical content, which may be why they cost less.
@ub3r_n3rd i'm here for answers.  if you don't like my vibe, then i hope you get over it quickly.
nice diagramm by the way
we're buying a gaming package for $75. the trick is we don't know what's in that package until the end :) personally, i have 0 interest in the shaman, gods and extra clan so i'm really they add something i care about (monsters, better components) before the end to keep me pledged. i love 2 of the 3 monsters for this campaign so far. here's hoping we see more.
@ub3r - was there ever any doubt?! ;)
@john. they are not going to change anything now so, yeah. but maybe you can write a formal letter to cmon and explain your position and they can explain economics to you and see where that takes you.
@tom grinnell: just look at the diagrams at the start of the story page. $75 gets you everything in the pillaging rewards diagram. the only things you don't get are the ones under the optional purchases diagram.
@chris kidd - if you don't want to put forth any effort to find the answer to your question that has been answered, how can you expect anyone else to put forth any effort to answer your question?
@coralline - i was right!  . @john waite - if it's not worth it to you. i'm really curious why you are here? i mean i like that you are backing and helping us hit stretch goals, but you are a very negative person and really killing my vibe here.
@chris kidd, i hope you see the irony in your comment.
totally on board with the reasoning behind the expansion, and i'm happy not to pay for a higher player game than i'll be using.  also, go skald!
@tom grinnel you dont get the 5th player expansion - ram clan, and you dont get the artbook
sometimes comments can go by fast. if you are looking for answers, sometimes it's a good idea to bookmark the question answering persons comment page: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/800068628/comments if you click that link you will see all the comments thiago - cmon has made. sometimes questions have been answered, but it scrolls by very quickly. i asked the same question last night, and it got answered by the other backers. because i haven't had time to hang out in the comments section.
@tom grinnell - you dont get the cards to play with 5 players, or a 6th set of miniatures, you also don't get the alternative sculpts of 3 of the monsters. basically the 5th player expansion is a 6th clan, cards to play with 5 clans (the base game supports 4), and some alternative monster sculpts.
@ub3r_n3rd i still prefer free lol
after a quick google search, none of those expansions break the 20$ mark and is it shocking to anyone that i own none of these games as i disagree with this type of business model?  at this rate i contemplate cancelling my pledge and advising those i referred to do so as well.
yes but i do not have the time to look through random comments to find my answer. or back track through pages of logs to see if someone answered.
@thiago aranha - that's a move i greatly appreciate.
@ub3r_n3rd: well, i can't talk about such issues, but the magic 8-ball has spoken. ;-)
@donnbobhardy: right now everything it too chaotic to make a decision on the shaman name issue. we don't want to make a decision and then go back on it. plus there's no big rush. it shouldn't take long for us to decide, though, and we'll be sure to let you all know.
@chris, you can look at anyone's profile and see their chat comments. you can also click on them to go to that point in the chat log, then scroll through to see if you've been answered.
from a marketing perspective, i completely understand selling a 2-4 player game at $75 rather than a 2-5 player game at over $100.  it's a much more reasonable entry price for a product.
i will pay an add-on miniatuee of 50$ of a musculated thiago with a two-handed axe riding a goat for the glory!!! ^^
@john waite: the total cost of the game would be pretty similar, whether it was a single 5-player game, or a 4-player game with a 5th player expansion. a lot of people don't play games with more than 4 people, so breaking it up allows us to create a cheaper game for the widest market (and thus have a higher chance of success), while people who want bigger games can just plug in the expansion.
could someone explain what we dont get if we pledge at the $75 level? thank you :)
it's not a bad move as it encourages people to buy the 5th player expansion as well since everyone's going to get all the shaman.
@ub3r, i prefer 'earned reward' ;)
@john waite - firefly
eclipse and mage knight.
cheer up @tiago we migth get a rubenesque female giant and hopefully some goat steeds that drives the chariot in the finished thor sculpt. ;-) although it sure looks like fenris paws in that graphic...
im personally still backing the game and have no problem doing so but it seemed like each time i logged on seemed like the chat here was dead. so i had no idea about that so that changes things a bit though i still would of liked a answer from yhem.
@john. kingdom builder or galaxy trucker
well the fun of the comment section has turned into a troll fest with the entitled people coming out so i'm out for now.
@john settlers of catan has a 5-6 player expansion
let's just call all "free" stuff "bonus" stuff and then we don't have to get into semantics about the wording. we get bonus stuff as backers that isn't going to be in retail, we get it before it hits retail, and we get to hang out and guess as to what the other unlocks will be. otherwise, we all just go round and round in circles.
@john chaos in the old world, for one.
@john - settlers of catan.
gotta bounce.  catch you later tonight.  try to be nice to each other until then.
nothing in life is free people. you may not realize it but you're paying for all the stretch goals. the price is: 1.) risk. this is more of a case for lesser known companies but it's always a case. just look at zombicide season 2. we got components with major printing errors (no numbers on the exp tracker) and instead of fixing them, we were left with them. there's always the risk that you won't get what is promised. 2.) msrp price. i purchase games online. if i were to purchase blood rage, i'll get it around $55 with free shipping 3.) like i said in #2 we'll be paying $10-15 (for us at least) for shipping. in effect... i'm buying these stretch goals for $30 and some risk. please don't tell me it's free.
can you guys point me to another game that costs money to add an extra player?
lock not look dam.... sorry ronny james dio
@john - i will probably never play more than 3 player. many people won't. the expansion gives players in larger groups the option. nothing wrong with that.
i don't complain about gettin "free" stuff, it's just the way they present it that's rubbish. like if there's a chance we only get half the shamans or gods.
@thiago: does this mean that i should not count on it that you tell me anything or that i should not count on an addon?  ;-) .....just kidding, thanks for the quick reply. i must say that i very much appreciate it that there are not many addon in this campaign ....... but don't 'look up the wolfs'
where's the love people? we're all in the blood rage boat let's push the sgs and count the loot when we're done!
@jonathan beatty, because i like to support products i find interesting.  why do you ask stupid questions?
@john with that logic there shouldn't be expansions for any games then
@thiago; thanks! excited for this game
of course, you are right. i shouldn't have snapped, passive-aggressively or not. i withdraw all previous statements.
@chris be careful what you wish for. battlefront "listened" and "promised" all kinds of stuff to backers and we all know how that campaigned turned out.
@ub3r - shrewd way to analyse the answer. jedi mind tricks are needed here.
@john - because more stuff costs more?
@thiago - any idea when we might get a final word on changing shamans to mystics?
so, to the person in charge, what's the idea behind the fifth player "expansion" instead of being part of the core game?  why limit intended play-ability behind a paywall?
@hplustcraft - no need to be like that, just ignore him if he's getting on your nerves.
@john. why do you ks? if you don't like the great stuff then buy it off the shelf when it gets to your lgs.
@donnbobhardy i'm sure the mystics will get finished tonight.
@jimmyz - true enough. we can look at it as "bonus additional content". we may be paying for it, but people who pay the same money at retail won't be getting these sculpts or cards. not free, but bonus.
i mean, obviously he didn't talk all kinds of stuff then turn tail in a cowardly fashion when someone in charge showed up...right?
@kbl - that's only true if they have more big monsters that could have been unlocked.
@chris kidd, they answered that question many times and so did the community. just because they didn't direct it @ you doesn't mean they ignored you but hey, if you wanna not back a great company who produces great games anymore, that's your choice.
i second that great game great value no complaints, and a wolf would be perfection!
hopefully, we'll finish off these mystics tonight and have tomorrow for whatever comes next.  (nidhoggr!)
i wonder where chris 'the special snowflake' went, now that he has someone to answer all of his important questions and make him feel warm and special inside?
@thiago - don't count on there being another add-on? or don't count on you telling us if there is going to be one or not?
@jonathan its not that we (or i - better just speak for meself here) are complaining or being unsatisfied by the campaign.  its just that its feels like a bit of a long and unnessecary stretch to have essentially core units in the base game unlock one at at time, instead of all at once or at lower intervals.  it feels like time and money have been wasted on these sg, which could have been used to unlock more awesome bigature monsters, like the mystic troll etc.
i agree, not free at all, but great value for money!
well jimmy you are getting a bigger bang for your buck with every sg. so it's not "free" but it is getting better every moment.
i'm obviously not the only person that thinks separating the fifth player from the core game is a rather shyte move.  there's that then.
@skazz: *shakes magic 8-ball* "don't count on it"
@brad i can't help it! i'm addicted haha, how many does that make it we're both a part of? :d
@jimmy - actually you are wrong, any ks exclusive is free for you because you can't buy it at retail. :p
@jimmy - would you accept "discounted"?
@thiago +1
this is in no way a slur against this ks or cmon, but there is nothing free here. all the "free" stuff is stuff i get with my $105 (plus shipping) pledge. if something is free, that means i don't have to pay anything in order to get it. i love everything we are getting with this project, but none of it is "free"
@mikademus - except that it would cause the funding total to plummet as everyone dropped the retail version of the 5-player expansion.
@chris kidd: so you were asking a rhetorical question, ok... @ulf beorstruk: yes, all backers will get the ram shamans.
@thiago: can you tell us if there will be another addon or not?
@gabriel - at least!
yup, if you're new to ks, or don't normally follow comments sections, let me confirm this - people are ridiculous!
do we know retail on the shaman and god expansion boxes yet?
@whodat welcome to every kickstarter project ever. :p
the very best 800k stretch goal is a pack of cards for the 5th player (well, they should say 5+ perhaps so as not to compete with the "true" 5 player expansion and be usable for a 6th player even if six players aren't officially supported or tested). of course, we won't get this :( nonetheless it would be the best stretch goal,
@chris. that question was asked and answered multiple times.
so let me get this straight... we believe in this product and have decided to appropriately give cmon our money for it and people are complaining about free stuff we're getting as a result of it? ok... just making sure lolz
from update #26: "...the current incarnation of the game was not designed and tested to be played with 6 players." new board sounds very unlikely at this point
@ulf - yep, all backers get both shamans
@chris - i saw that question answered like six times.
i b slo. but not the slowest barbarian around these parts. aye. :lol:
@thiago - wolf that is all. ~_^
@ulf - correct!
@thes - i was going to mess with you about it, but figured you'd get it worked out in a few moments :p
with the expansion there are six clans now so if you are interested in a 6 player game just try it. it will be crowded and most likely no very balanced but it will be fun i guess
@thiago, can you confirm that i am reading this correctly, the ram shaman is included with the base pledge ("all backers"), regardless of whether you get the ram expansion?
@thiago - nice to see you taking on the question challenge.
i fail at math... 6 shamans divided by 3 ages mean 2 potential for age... very powerful if you get one.
@dale - welcome to my world with the comments on these things, i just laugh and shake my head.
and their anger boils into rage... possibly a blood rage.
@dale maa - at 1,425% of their goal, nothing we're getting is "free"  it's called crowd-funding.  look it up.
i've never seen so much whining about what free stuff people are getting in any kickstarter before this one. it boggles my mind. free!
mits to late for that all i wanted to know is what happened if we did not unlock all the shamans and if so wouldnt that make it kind of pointless an honestly i would of accepted a wait and see or we have something planned answer but instead i flat out got ignored.
i think a lot of the complaining stems from thinking this is a miniatures game and you can add whatever you want without it being tested first.
you people are rediculous. this game wascdesigned with 3 addons. they are giving 2 of then to us for free. let me repeat that free
@mikademus i really hope you're right and they have a jörmungandr still in the shadows, i'm no fan of that sea serpent being loki's son
there are seriously people complaining about this ks? really? wait one second...... really? this is a great game for a great price with lots of extras. what will be the future of ks's? "seriously, i only get 3 box sets and a hundred special characters for $50? that's such a ripe off." if you bought it off the shelf what will you guys be willing to pay?
@chris kidd: what is your unanswered question?
6 shaman cards in a 5 player game.... seems to suggest 3 per age. i'm cool with that. i was worried there would be only 1 per age... and with as powerful as shamans seem to be, i was concerned that would be a bit unbalanced.
@joshua chinsky, "i agree they should just rename the sea serpent to jörmungandr or if they want to make him bigger, that would be awesome he's supposed to be huge" . doesn't work, the sea serpent isn't the midgard serpent. if jörmungandr ever releases his own tail then the full ragnarök complete with the death of the gods will come immediately. the sea serpent isn't biting his own tail, and the gods are loitering around the world while the sea serpent is sufing, thus it can't be jörmungandr. logical! :)
@syncher even with the 80 version we unlocked 5 extra playable characters plus so many other free boss characters. and everything else personally i rather pay extra to a game company that listens to me and actually considers my advice then to a greedy corporate company that only cares about making money
@ jake waltier +10
haha, mega man was far worse. the game was supposed to come out october....it's been hit with so many delays people (myself included) are worried they may not even get the game. they just recently gave some updates on progress and pushed it to q2.....which probably won't happen.
@thiago - thanks!
if there isn't oficial rules for 6 players... 800k sg... double sided board with diferent islands  with one more ship for each clan. and one big monsters of course
@chris - what question are you still waiting for an answer to?
@chris - from my experience, most of their answers were "we can't answer that right now".
@cambojones: in a 5 players game you also use 6 shaman upgrade cards.
thats again why i favor cryptozoic i had like 16 different questions and everyone got answered that day. this company cannot even answer 1.
@jason, price will be minimal, especially the shaman figs, lol, xd
@chris, yeah, i guess it was a lot. it was just really expensive i guess.....i don't really mind. i just hope it plays well enough at this point. they have my monies.
@simon - i know. i have been here since the start and pestering @thiago about 6 players and a flip board. he magic 8 ball commented me suggesting strongly there wasn't a snowballs chance in ragnarok of getting it. . . i can still dream though, for the next 25 hours anyway. @thes - i actually do really like purple.
@chris - ghostbusters was a very different kind of game.
i'm very excited for this game and all the elements that have been shown so far. however, i feel like this game and a pile of expansions are already designed, and as the preorder totals add up, cmon is just adding bits of those expansions to the base game. that will be great in the end, when we get much more than the core game would have had, but i think slow-feeding the backers parts of expansions at a time is really aggravating. why unlock each god individually? why unlock each faction's shaman? these are clearly related and have to be balanced together into a cohesive game. it's just frustrating to watch as the person purchasing the product. i'd stop reading the updates that come every goddamn day with another single miniature but i'm afraid i'd miss an add-on. i'd rather the stretch goals be goals and not fractions of goals. i don't want a daily or twice-daily email saying we unlocked 1/6th of an expansion module. i feel like i'm being manipulated and i don't like it.
@criss - it's more about adding flavor and variety to the feel of the game than the rules. they look cool and have a different style. adds a nice bit of variety but nothing new in game mechanics. still fun to have them.
@thiago - are there more than 6 shaman cards in a 5-player game? do they come with the expansion?
@syncher ghost busters gave you a ton more content, all of it was varied and different the unlockable characters all did something different and they had alot more sg added plus almost every piece of co tent people wanted they made happen, gave free upgrades at the end after it ended and even figured out ways to make it morw then the original 4 player game it was intended to be.
*sings to her money* i did not live until today.... how can i live when we are parted? tomorrow you'll be worlds away!
personally, i'm hoping someone on ebay will want the ram clan. i have no use for them.
800k sg... double sided board for 6 players and  one big monster
@coralline - agreed!
5-6 players? my god man where the hel will they go? you'd need to double the board almost, there's only 4 ports for the ships btw, you could add more but holy hades there's no room
@chris kidd - the alternate clan adds variety to game play so, i'd say it's beneficial. spice things up on occasion.
i love the ram shaman with the drum! the guy doesn't even need to pull a weapon to be a threat. so boss.
@chris - alternate color and sculpts.  but yes.
@chris kidd - maybe some people really like purple? :lol:
@jimmy they've said 6 players hasn't been play tested somewhere (can't remember where) so unlikely.
then the alternate clan plays absolutely no point in the game and is just a different color to pick ?
@chris kidd: there are no official rules for playing with 6 players.
@teowulff - i completely agree. we're getting a bad azz deal here.
if feel this is one of the better games i've ks. it has a amazing balance between what you get and cost. mega man was just right, not super expensive, but you get a ton. as for ghostbusters, game is pretty expensive and you don't seem to get a whole lot.....i don't know. this is great so far. i feel like shamans should do more though.
so current breakdowns are as follows: .  base $70/$75 pledges: 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures have been added for a total of 31 (6 ks exclusives). $70 pledge = $2.26 per distinct figure $75 pledge = $2.42 per distinct figure . base pledge $70/$75 + $30 expansion sg: 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures have been added for a total of 37 (9 ks exclusives). $100 pledge = $2.70 per distinct figure $105 pledge = $2.84 per distinct figure .  base $70/$75 pledges after $750k sg: when the wild boar clan gets unlocked, it will add in 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures for a total of 33 (7 ks exclusives). $70 pledge = $2.12 per distinct figure $75 pledge = $2.28 per distinct figure .  base pledge $70/$75 + $30 expansion after $750k sg: when the wild boar clan gets unlocked, it will add in 3 more distinct ks exclusive figures for a total of 39 (10 ks exclusives). $100 pledge = $2.56 per distinct figure $105 pledge = $2.69 per distinct figure
@jessie - you could always house-rule it to play with fewer cards per round.
@chris kidd - no, it will still only be for 5 players. looking at the board... trying to house rule it or expand it yourself... might make the board very crowded, and very bloody. would be hard to win anything, with everyone messing with you.
@chris kidd - no, 2-4 players unless you buy the $30 5th player add-on...then the game becomes 2-5. there is no 6th player option.
i know they said the 6th clan is only an alternate and there is no 6 player rules. . . but hopefully that is just blowing smoke. i am still holding out for a flip board and 6 player rules. . . and in light of the sgs that seem to just be frustrating most of the backers, it would be a nice reward. . . it has been frustrating having sg rewards that don't really feel like a reward. . . and i am not complaining about the game or the components, i think it will blow us all away when we get ahold of it.
@ruineas except for the shaman no i don't think so.
@chris. no
so if i just get the base game i can't ever play with 5 players but have an extra clan? seems unreasonable.
@chris - no, it's still only for 5 players (if you get the 5-player expansion).
@ruinaes  they do not. it's really a shame but i'm sure there may be house rules for it.
we need the add on... i hope they could give us 5 big monsters (please at least one female) if one of the monsters is a winged ape that we can use to play conan game... we will reach 1m
@ub3r_n3rd - cool. with so many comments flying by it can be hard to keep up.
i think we can't complain about the box' content after reaching so many sgs! after the next sg (shamen/seers complete) i'm totally, utterly satisfied! sooooo many minis + monsters - for just $75!
@ruinaes - no
with the expansion you can play with 6 players correct?
@ruineas - they each come with their own unique color!  so, no.
@uber - welcome to my world. mouahaha! i miss lots of stuffs. >.<
maybe i missed this but do the clans have any different advantages between them?
@jason - yeah, i saw that, coralline pointed it out to me, thanks :p
storm the sg!
people are funny on here you are buying a game and for putting up the money early you get some cool items to go with it this project would still happen without us we did not come up with the idea we are buying into it. i have no idea why people think they deserve more from cmon (not everyone just the annoying few)
@ub3r_n3rd - you are incorrect sir. the $30 add-on is what adds the 5th play option. the extra clan that was unlocked merely serves to add variety to the game play.
the worst coms i have ever seen came with a kickstarters about ice age mammals and sea montsters. :lol:
i feel cheated with these streach goals. shamans for each clan every streach goal? a god every streach goal? what if we didn't get to the final god or shamans? would the game ship with only half the shamans? "but they know how far the kickstarter will go, they already planned this." you say. that's even worse! =(
i know i've been bored from time to time but for a change this hasnt been about making people spend. for $75 you get a lot for your money and cmon should be congratuled for that. doesn't mean i don't want to spend some more :)
@coralline - ahh, missed that part, it was underneath the picture heh
@jhon... y es, you need the 5th player expansion to playa with 5. reed the lasts sgs
@jeff richards, i'm in the same boat really, i just feel that aspect of the kickstart to be questionable.
hehehe; forget to refresh every time. xd
@uber - are you sure about that? they said in the update that we still must buy the expansion to play 5 players.
@ub3r_n3rd; you actually do need the 5-player expansion, as it contains more cards. it has been repeated in the updates that the wildboar clan is not a 5-player expansion.
@ub3r_n3rd the wild boar clan sg doesn't include the cards necessary for a fifth player, they expressed that directly on the rewards page.
@ub3r - you do need the ram expansion (or house rules) to play with 5.  the boars don't come with cards for a 5th player.
@kal i agree they should just rename the sea serpent to jörmungandr or if they want to make him bigger, that would be awesome he's supposed to be huge
@john - you already have the alternate (read another 5th player expansion) to pick from that just unlocked. this game is for between 2-5 players and the $30 add-on expansion is completely optional as you don't need it anymore to play up to 5 players!
@ruineas - you just swap them in.  it doesn't always have to be the same clan guarding the rulebook.
well, i meant free because there were those that said we would be taken care of. possibly, the shamen being given to us instead of being worked towards as a sg. that's all. i'm very happy that this campaign has gone the way it has and very happy with what i'm getting. no complaints or sarcasm here.
@chris kidd - welcome to cmon. they have the worst communication i've ever seen. sad but true.
@john, core content differs for different people. i play almost everything two player with my wife. sometimes we play with two of our friends. so anything beyond four player doesn't matter to me at all.
@agreave - all of the shaman come with colored bases.
@donnbobhardy - yeah, i know. i would just hate to have an entire set of minis that are always sitting out. "hey, look over there at our viking brothers getting all that glory and dying in battle with honor. must be nice. we'll just sit here and guard the rulebook." *tyr*
i just now watched the intro video. i stopped watching them a long time ago because they rarely have any useful info about the game, being mostly a display of video/graphic artistry based on the theme, trying to create attraction. this intro video is outstanding! superb, cogent comments by the designer coupled with a brilliant and concise overview of game play. bravo!!
why do the other shaman not come with coloured bases anyway?
@kal - that's what a lot of us will do at our tables. ^_^
i say close to 900k i for one will double when i see fenrir, i can't believe this content is sg awesome talk about bang for your buck!
ok 111 ish at $125 (im getting the book ) devide $125 by the exchange rate ($1.44 to the pound last ks i did ) about £86 or to put another way im getting that fire giant for about 77p or $1.14..... ;) oh and im getting a game to go with it cool that niffty
i personally feel making a core part of the game, the fifth player "expansion" to be a bit ludicrous.  why should people have to buy separately what is considered to be part of the core game play?  i understand add-on purchases and i understand how those things work, it just feels a little cheap to have core game play aspects tied behind a pay-wall.  add-on's should be just that, additional content, not simply the ability to add an extra player to the game.  this is how i view things that i purchase outside of kickstarter.  if a developer hides core content behind a dlc pay-wall, i don't support their product.
ive gotten zombicide an this but this is my last purchase they dont give a crap about the customer every time i have asked them a question it has gotten ignored, i got the ghost buster game from cryptozoic and they did the opposite they added almist every piece of cobtent the fans requested and spent so much yime answering contributors questions . even tlanswering the same question several times a day,
lol, i saw all these references to fenrir.  do we have to rename the sea serpent to jörmungandr?
@ steve - affirmative! both shaman are included for all backers regardless if you get the 5th player $30 expansion (so that you aren't left without if you go buy it at retail).
@ruinaes i agree with all of that plus, some shaman cards for the other 3 gods? seems strange only having them for half.
@ruineas - i wouldn't hold my breath on those first 2.
we'll make 800k
sorry but i had to lol @ this "the beauty of ks is that the community funds it and has an active part in some special unique content"
@donnbobhardy - so so true.
@jason but they did do what donn said and the rest i said :) i'm not saying zombicide was a bad campaign… i'm saying that cmon isn't exactly "new" in giving parts of sgs ;)
at $750k we get both shamen? awesome! that's a bargain! hold to your wallets after that boyos!
we'll hit 800k, just watch
here would be my top 3 sg that i think could make this game perfect. 1) a set of boar cards to make them fully playable.  2) an alternate 6 player board (same regions but adjusted spaces). perhaps it could be printed on the back of the same board like smallworld. boars really matter now! 3) fenrir would have to be the final big bang along with some fun gameplay elements like temporary cooperative rewards for those that kill the beast. (just one of many examples)
4000 in 20 minutes. i see what people mean by going crazy in last 48  hours
ah well, the next sg will probably be 800k and not sure we'll make that. damn shame if we don't land fenrir at the least. the children of loki are no showing the party!
@gareth parker - this game and figures was 90% done before they started the kickstarter, they couldn't change too much without costing themselves a whole heck of a lot of money. this means the tooling the sculpting, the design, the art, the rules, all 90% done beforehand. so your "community inspired" comment has to also take that into account.
i like all the shamans too.. i had just hoped there would be more cards to go with them, like loki's chosen, etc.. those gods will not be pleased now!!
@lance - they gave samples, they didn't split. we didn't have 5 goals of crows.
i suppose it could be worse.  they could be doing things like in zombicide.  "here's a sg for a god.  now here's an add-on for the other 5!"
sorry i have to agree with jason - none of the sgs have been community inspired at all - this game was already planned and set in stone as it was - the beauty of ks is that the community funds it and has an active part in some special unique content - all they have done is spread out already designed expansions into 2 weeks worth of stretch goals. people are putting up around 100 dollars up front reducing their risk manufacturing this game - the least cmon could of done was give a little back in the form of community driven creativity. rum and bones was a great example of that and the community loved it. the excitement of feeling involved was amazing. there has been such a load voice for fenrir, nidhogg and jormungandr - and they are probably the most exciting entities in the whole ragnarok genre and no effort has been made at all to answer that desire. really is a shame.
"i knew the shamans wouldn't be thrown in for free." i must have missed the part were i had to add to my pledge to get them.
@coralline huh? the final 2 days raise so much more money than the rest of the other days (outside of the first two) that they can reach a high numbered goal quite quickly. one mini expansion in the first few days where money pours in. one mini expansion in the last few days when money pours in and lesser but more diverse stuff in the middle when money trickles in. it simply makes sense and is more exciting. it's a win for everyone, i don't know why anyone would object to it.
when we hit the $750k goal, the shamans will be "free" though :p
@jason "clearly they didn't split individual packs" --> looks at v.i.p zombies, crows, 3d tokens an equip deck… nah clearly they didn't do that! :)
with the power of the gods, we will own those last seeshamystics and unlock mighty fenrir!
@tim van der weyden - great post!
called it. i knew the shamans wouldn't be thrown in for free. there is only so much to add to this board game. the big push will be the cool stuff in the last 24 hours!
we got this!!!
@david - they are giving both to us, regardless if you buy that $30 expansion in case you want to buy it later. pretty sweet deal to get 2 free figures at $40k stretch goal when normally they've been doing 1 per $40k.
already 3.5k towards next sg the goats are pulling hard ! ;-)
one last add-on would be nice to see. at the last 24 hour mark. my money is burning a hole in my pocket. lol...
well, not super happy that the last two shamen are a stretch goal, but at least they are together and an sg it looks like we will make. i like models, and am pretty sure we get the cards for them along with bases for all the shamen. now if we can just get fenris...
@tim van der weyden - exactly!
@jason - it wouldn't work like that. it would have taken days to unlock all of the shamans or gods as one stretch goal. people would then complain about how boring it is to wait days and days to unlock each goal. this is a much better way to go about it.
@tim van der weyden - exactly, you summed up my thoughts precisely!
i need the ram shamans. the ram clan has my initials and my favorite color.
i think the stretch goals are great. this isn't a miniaturegame, this is a boardgame. i for one think this campaing and the stretchgoals have been excellent.
@ub3r, thank you!
i for one like the shamans and would've been pissed if we hadn't gotten all of them because we didn't fund high enough. i do think the sgs for the rest of the run should be epic.
@justin; they are or we are? the only peolpe i see getting greedy are backers and it seems to get worse with every project. i am really glad that cmon gave use the gods of asgard and shamans for free instead of asking many dollars for it.
that's not true lance. look at the arcadia quest campaign. even for zombicide, they didn't split up individual packs. they didn't have 4 stretch goals to unlock the zombie dogs. we just got them. zombicide had the annoying aspect of wasting stretch goals on paid add-on zombivors though.
i don't get the hate for the shamen, they're ace looking models, they add an extra bit to the game!
@harlan - yes!
@justin "worst sg in history" --> the incomplete crows and equip deck of zombicide s3 says hi!
question! this is my first kickstarter,(yay) and i have pledged the 75 for the game. now to get the ram clan i just tack on 30 to my 75 yeah? so i change my whole pledge amount to 105?
@donbobhardy, thanks for the answer. i'd like to help achieve the stretch goals, but it's not the best financial decision for me right now. i'm sure everyone has experienced that. i just don't want to miss out on this game.
@john the average backer at the moment has pledged £91, if you remove the 5th player expansion as a buy in it would drop very close to $75 - let's be generous and say 85... that would cost us almost $50k in stretch goals. so let's not do that eh :p
@jason cmon does this every ks don't think they will change that soon… look at zombicide s3: half the campaign were the same complaints as you see here :)
@brad thanks man, good to know!
jason, the sgs were fine. the content already in the game was fine as is.
i'm more than ok with all of the shaman stretch goals. i still want a big bad wolf monster and the option to buy extra trolls and giants. there's a lot of great stuff here but those are exceptional. need more!
these have to be the worse cmon stretch goals in history. they are getting greedy :(
@stefan once the project ends, you'll get charged.
advice for next ks. offer new and interesting stretch goals/items during the middle of the campaign. near the end when the money starts pouring in, lengthen the totals to what is needed and add the bigger things as one goal. i would much prefer the middle of the campaign to be interesting with new things each day instead of shaman #1, shaman #2, god #1, god #2... etc. we basically had 2 stretch goals in the past 2 weeks. this would have been much cooler to have a final stretch to the finish to unlock them at the end of the campaign.
i'm really excited to see what's next. hoping for something big to get things really rolling.
@john - because the pledge total would plummet as everyone who has already pledged for it would drop their pledge by $30?
@monkey that would be cool but i doubt we will that fast! could be wrong though and now probably every backer as at least upgraded to 105$ dollar (or 100 if eb)
loving the latest batch of shamen,  but glad their all behind us now. looking forward to seeing what's coming in the last few hours before ragnarok falls!
i for one am really getting tired of these shaman stretch goals. but this has to be the last one of those, right?
er thats all in with the add on
hey guys, just joined the goat train, and it's good to be here. as this is my first ks, can anyone tell me when exactly do they charge your credit card? it isn't at pledge time, it's after it's finished?
@eric - $1 lets you in for everything, but doesn't help us with sgs.
so, my question is this:  why not give backers the fifth player expansion as part of, oh i dunno, a thank you for getting them (currently) to 1,424% of their requested amount.  i'm certain at this point that isn't out of the question for such a resoundingly successful kickstart.
if you count the 3d tokens about 111ish
we need a box for all the nice sg like arcadia quest guildmaster box !!
i like the ram shaman!!! looks realistic!!!
really? more shamans? /sigh
would be pretty sweet to hit $750k before the 24 hour mark. i am really curious as to what comes next.
is there a known mini count?
the boar clan was really a perfect stretch goal and this new one is okay. at least we know the stretch goal after that will be no shaman :-) it has to be fenris or naglfar.......or the big cardboard tiles to cover the provinces that were destroyed due to ragnarok
@cmon your taking the piss the shamen sg,brush over the boardom of the last $160,000 worth of shamens with a new group,should have saved them for last not the shamen.campaign started really good and got dull very quickly and its a piss poor sg at the end,like i said previously all the shamen shoud have been one sg just like the whole of the new clan
i jumped on the ram clan time after completing the 710k goal, now i see their shaman... looks very cool!. and now i don't regret upgrading my pledge at all!!! thanks cmon... but what will it be next? fenrir? hehehe
peter: that was answered in the faq.
@peter - it's cheaper to print them all in gray and they supposedly hold detail better than colored minis.
i'm sure it's been answered, but if i pledge $1 now, would i have access to everything, including exclusives in the pledge manager?
shaman, shamans... its not so bad, especial for bakers, who ordered ram clan... i don't know why, but i thought that this sg will be some like "somebody big an furry, boar shaman for everyone and ram shaman for people, who ordered ram clan". but... as i said, not so bad :) for glory!
while i do like the idea of more shamans (shamen?), i think the ram shaman is really ugly. the boar one is great, but the ram is horrid. any chance for a better model? maybe a female one, if we're at it?
@donn ah that makes sense.
@koen, correct we all get them it says! so if it hits 750k i will have to maybe get the 5p team or have redundant minis! :/
question: we are there colored bases at all? why not just make each of their clans in their colored plastic instead of the grey plastic color so that their bases remain that color even for those who paint the minis? is there something i'm missing?
just when you thought shamangate was over...  it would be daft to have shaman for 3 of the 5 clans!  but it does at least look like we will comfortably do it. i wonder if anything else is planned - clearly no more optional buys as they've left it too late.
when all is said and done i'll walk away with two things from this campaign. an awesome game and a new appreciation for goats! lol for the glory!
no need for 5+ shaman cards.
okay that makes more sense that everyone, regardless of buying 5th player expansion, gets that ram shaman. much more palatable for a lot of backers that way.
wildboar and rama re not the same thing. if you want to play 5 player, better buy the expansion. it's more than just the figures.
@jeffrey - there are 3 2+ cards and 3 4+ shaman cards.  i don't think they plan on giving us any more.
hopefully this'll get people to jump on the ram clan expansion at least....
i really like the look of the new shamans! i would have prefered them as paid addon but hey you can't get everything ;-).
are 5+ shaman cards going to be included? or are they the 790k stretch goal?
@thiago. don't sweat it, everyone loves this ks. some are just a little to eager for more toys. thanks for this game btw.
@thiago it would be great to get a glimpse of the next sg when we reach the last 24 hours...
that was predictable! can't complain though we will reach them pretty soon… and that shadow at the end of the update still teases to fenrir as the last sg… i'm really happy on how you guys run this campaign! the boar shaman is cool!!!
awesome!!! yes the shadow is fenrir! gods be praised! i'm doubling up as soon as i see that pretty furry face!
@koen: yes, all backers will get the ram shamans. so if you decide to buy the 5th player expansion later on in retail, you'll have a full set.
what the hell? did you guys do $3-4k in a few hours?
ram shaman looks exactly like a goat
i was surprised that all backers would get the ram shamans, and then i realized it made sense. if after the campaign the only way to get any of the shamans were through the expansion. better give backers two figures now that they may not need / use, than make them buy a whole expansion just for the 2 figures they would want then.
so we get the ram shaman regardless of whether we pledged for the fifth player expansion right?
@uber , it reads that everybody gets the ram shamans.. not only the ram addonners.
@donnbobhardy i was thinking they were going to be the end of campaign gift but it appears we were both wrong.  :)
wuhu the last shamans now we can get a full game <3 thx cmon
is there an approximate time frame when the pledge manager is scheduled to go live?
the shadow is the "fenrir".... the wolf.. i'm sure...
@donnbobhardy: actually it requires a lot more than a 50k sg for the full wildboar clan, but we were really extra generous with that stretch goal. i hope that didn't offend.
this is my first ks... i have enjoyed the ride, and i amerikanska looken forwards to unleash the einherjars!! to battle! to death! to ragnarök!
shaman... again... :(((((
i definitely thought shamans were gonna be tossed in with the $710k sg as a surprise.  oh well, we'll get them no problem and should get at least one more sg.
@captain matt - after $160k in sgs, i was expecting them for free.
no goats? but i must get my ozone divine aaaaaarrrrggghhhh! ;-)
only 750,000 though. that will be reached in 4-5 hours at the worse.
can you really blame cmon with the question being asked almost every five min what the fate of the remaining shaman figures was.  i was hoping for a little more of a hint for what is after them.
at least the next goal is only 40k away.
not too happy with that stretch goal, especially at $40k, cmon. i do understand it, but only 1 applies to the people who are base pledge backers. that should be like a $20k stretch goal instead imo.
damn! more shamans.
i do wish the shaman did a little more though. they almost seem kinda like team filler, but they look so damn cool.
so, it apparently requires $200k in sgs to produce 6 new sculpts for shamans, but only $50k in sgs to produce 3 new sculpts for boars (and a lot of extra stuff, too)?  that makes no sense.
troll buffer exceeded show us the money andpass memy goats! ;-)
really tired of stretch goals being split out.... really really disappointed
but hey we got the boars!
next sg is exactly what i wanted. the last 4 shaman and more bases!!!!!
at least all the shamans/mystics/seers will be unlocked at 750
those shaman look cool!
me too man at least its both. i really thought it would be something else
and @agreave you're no good! ;-)
you can take schwartz out of the goats but no the goats out of schwartz xdd
crap-bloody shamans again!!!!! x(
another $40k for shamans.  at least we'll be done with them after this one.
nuts
more shamans sgs really grind my gears.
i noticed early that the thor sculpt was declard as unfinished, so why not finish it by adding thors goat steed driven chariot, gimme them goats i say! ;-)
@yardswimmer. the last 24 is the busiest with the late pledgers getting their emails now reminding them of this ks.
@angelripper; ah yes, the impossible mode... -_-' i gave the company a benefit of the doubt, but close to the end i saw it was never going to please me. =) so, is there a new update now? xd
i stayed on ghostbusters until the very end just so that i could steer new backers around.  the whole campaign was designed as a cash grab, so i was helping people realize that the best way to "get everything" was to avoid cze's marketing and get a few select add-ons.
they taste lovely roasted ;)
@schwartz - what's your fascination with goats? :p
now just need a little buffer before the update and we're good.
fantastic! what an amazing ks to be part of. i'm truly enjoying this ride. :)
next strech goal!!!
wild boars! time to lay waste on the other clans! for the glory!!!
yessss :-d
wow this is moving fast now!
gimme me goats now! ;-)
i think ist gonna be the remaining two seer and fenris will be 800k
wooooowwwww
ding !!
unlocked!!!!
here we go!!!
one pledge to go.
just so you new guys know. they have been doing a 300-500$ buffer after the goal is reached to weed out pledge trolls.
just a bit further
remember that it's not announced until the $400 pad is in place, but i'm very excited too!
500 dolars!!!! guys... my heart is pounding and i'm not in love!!! ahahaha!!!
come on you apes! do you want to wait forever?! ;) so close..
now i'm worried about getting gb...damn my love of all things ghostbusters!!!!!!!!!!!
+1 @jonathan and francisco!
7777 backers cool.
@tim van der weyden i did not like the gb ks from the first minute on. selling different colered ghost as ks exclusive items? *lol*. i really hope for the backers that the miniatures quality is good. some of the sculps are really nice and can be sold for much money at ebay if the games turns out to be boring.
7,777 pledges. make a wish.
1k to finally see the fenrir! a fenrir eaten by goats obviously...
i saw that ghostbusters was being done by cryptozoic. hit the browser back button and never looked back.
1k to go!!! awesome.
@jason - i'm just relaying to you what they said on facebook comments about the 15-day thing. so whatever data you are referencing isn't going to be too relevant to this. the big reason they wanted 15-days was to keep it within reason so that they could try to get it done to show off by gencon. they stated that if it was 30-days, they were worried it'd become too much new stuff to sculpt and tool in order to get it done in time to show off.
@ cmon can the next sg be an update on xenoshyft status i'd really like any info preferably before blood rage finishes. we know the last ship left port saturday so it's should be with customs right?
709k!!!! come on guuuyyss!!!! owo
@donn; not a good joke. =p some people got a heart attack i think. =o
1,000 left exactly....weird
@angelripper; concerning ghostbusters: plus that shipping costs are $0.5m of the total amount. =p i pulled out; didn't like how the project went and it is way to expensive to take the gamble. =) they should have just kept it to the 1st movie and then comic ghosts as stretch goals. =) that is why i like the blood rage campaign so much. no nonsense, clear what you get, clear game overview. and i liked what i saw. =d
1k to go ;-)
maybe the boars don't get them as they are a 'swap out' clan so use shamans of who they replace?
i hear the owl of......feeeenriiiirrrrrrr
@ticiano yes, i agree. it is quite easy to miss a reply or comment from the creators because the comment system is so badly implemented.
the extra shaman should be included in the add-on/stretch we're currently working on
@jack - nope.  cmon said those clans didn't need them.  (joking!)
if the next stretch is more shaman i will be severely disappointed...
hopefully there'll be ram and wildboar shamans! (either as stretch or optional purchases)
almost 709!!
ks desperately needs a better comment section. almost impossible to keep track of discussions here, when over 7k messages are all put together and mentioning is done symbolically. on top of all that, what we most get here is another way of checking out the amount pledged so far, as if the big auto loading numbers on top of the page weren't enough, in case you miss it someone will keep remind you how much the project has backed so far.
@florian, just in case the million answers didn't clear it up, shipping will be decided later.... :d :d
cmon is in the business of making money. if they thought they'd make more money doing a longer campaign, they would have done so. i'm guessing their data suggests it doesn't have impact.
@florian. you add it later. even if you only pledged the $75 amount you can change your pledge later to get the extras, it just doesn't help with the stretch goals.
@florian - shipping is later.
@florian - shipping will be later after they get it figured out, they have rough estimates on costs at the bottom of the story page. so just do your $105 for now.
@florian - later
it also avoids the mid lull thing! i like this shorter ks idea personally :)
@jason - i beg to differ, if this was a 30-day campaign i bet it'd easily pull in over $1m, but i know they wanted to go 15-days to try to keep it within reason for being able to get things sculpted and tooled. they want to try to have it all ready in time for showing of at gencon.
i'm in. 105$ for base and ram. should i add shipping now or later. this is my first ks sorry.
backnarok is nigh!
it's a runaway freight train!
i don't think time matters a whole lot for ks. it gives less time for people to hear about it but also less time to back out or have second thoughts. as long as cmon does it's marketing, length of the campaign doesn't matter.
708!!! wow, this thing is haulin' butt!!
by mjölnir pull me goats puuulll! ;-)
pretty certain that all the people calling out about. ram and boar shamans are just making noise to remind cmon that we-the-backers-want-our-shamans.  ha - s if cmon would have forgotten :)
yeah i was surprised when the current stretch goal didn't list the shaman. worries me a bit... it would be really lame if they split the shaman out of the current goal just to have another stretch goal. here's hoping that's not the case though.
@xipe - yep, exactly. @graham - to be fair, the comment section here does fly by pretty dang fast. if you don't like the comment/question, just don't pay attention to it.
the next stretch goal will be a beer cozy becuase they ran out of ideas. seriously, this ks is going to break $800,000 with half the time of other ks and only one buy in point. that is insane.
since the boar clan is a late ks exclusive sg maybe they weren't even sure they'd reach that and so didn't get too far into designing the boar shaman (not to mention the shaman in general weren't even going to be included here but as a retail expansion way down the line).
@friar jay.  i concur, it's like every tenth post is some lazy fecker who can't be asked scrolling through the comments to see an answer to a question that's been asked multiple times.
woot, less than $2,500 til we hit the free clan!
i backed ghostbusters purely on the name. if it plays like shit i will surely be making my own rules.
jason, i also checked out the ghostbusters ks and it was really not impressive. i also think a lot of backers will be disappointed.
@jason for the ram clan that's true but not the boar clan
the add-on was before the shamans were teased so it would have been a spoiler. the fact that it hasn't been updated since then though is a bit puzzling/worrisome. i'm not worried that they won't be provided but i'm worried we have more stretch goals geared towards shaman.
hey, what is up with the missing shamans? will we ever get them? :) ;)
3k to go! the rumbling of the goat steeds amplify, can you feel it?! ;-)
when we get to the next sg, is cmon going to ask us the riddle of steel...or is that crom? what's crom doing in valhalla, anyway...?
stupid phone double post
well the boar clan shaman should have just been included in the boar clan sg. i have no idea why they decided not to do that.
well the boar clan shaman should have just been included in the boar clan sg. i have no idea why they decided not to do that.
@david monroe ghostbusters got 1.5 million for the name thats all. worst ks i ever saw.
i find it absolutely hilarious that folks keep going on and on about the two remaining shamans when @thiago-cmon's comment from update #25 ("the missing shamans situation will be resolved before the campaign is done. never fear.") has been copied and pasted more times than anyone cares to count so that folks can find relief to their anxiety. for crying out loud...just scroll and you will find the answers. :)
people are going to be disappointed with the ghostbusters ks. i think people got excited just for the theme and didn't pay attention to the actual gameplay. that game looked horrible and it's par for the course in terms of gameplay provided by that company :p
we all have to also remember that this is a 15-day kickstarter rather than 30 days, which is pretty dang amazing that they pulled in so much in half the time.
look at ghostbusters ks. no pledge manager and it got to 1.5 million.
@donnbobhardy - could use a debit card
wow, this is quite impressive for just a one pledge level ks. i know zombicide 3 got to a point in the last 24 where cmon just called it will no more sg's. of course the amount of stuff we got was ridiculous. will be happy with the boar clan, everything else is gravy.
yeah, the 2 other clans definitely need their own shaman figs.
@adam - doesn't this just go onto a credit card?  or is there a way for it to link directly to a bank account?
i'm hungry, and i'll have to go to my university in a moment... unlock the boars right now!!! (screaming crazy at my work) ahahahahah!!!!
he he ;-)
schwartz, you have really been smoking ozone divine ;) any normal person can see it is fenris :)
bobhardy, i agree. i really hope the shamans are not a sg. that would suck. we need something big for the last 24 hours.
is it only i that can see the sign, written in the ozone divine?!!%$$? http://schwartzengine.com/bloodrage/chariot.png ;-)
@barry.. im one of the $1 backers.. and the reason is simple, i dont have the disposable income until my payday on friday. i pledged because i dont want to miss out on this game and i dont think i should be punished.. im still gonna go all in for every add on when i get my pledge manager.
@donn not a return of comment; but i think you are right and that those just pledging 1$ "to pay a look at" should not be awarded the same fares than the ones investing a real amount of money.
706!
@barry - sure.  i'd +1 that idea. @shakall - definitely a +1 to both.
come on and work a freyja miniature in this somehow!
oh yes @dbh, bit i'm addicted ;-)
@lobst5r - if you're desperate i can give you my paypal to throw money at.
@cmon: would like to see a giant + troll add on optional package. and a free boar and ram shamen for those who gave you money and helpt you create the game.
@donn - ok, $80 at pm late bird or $75 now.    but you get what i'm saying, right?
@barry - it's already $75.
give me something else to throw my money at, i'm just waitin! we'll hit the next sg in no time!
@the schwartz - you might want to stop sniffing whatever that ozone divine stuff is.  it seems to be messing with your head a little.
i dunno, it always leaves me a little cold with those of us putting our money where our mouth is to the tune of $700k and others can just put in $1 now and see what's what later (including their cash) and get the same opportunity and stuff/prices.   it doesn't have to be much, perhaps just a sinngle exclusive that those ponying up the $70 now should get that those putting me in later either miss out on, or perhaps have a "late bird" pledge for $75 at pledge manager, just to incentivise folks to unlock stretch goals
no sweat we'll reach this before the 24 hour mark, i can really feel the goat steeds barking an smell the ozone divine! ;-)
thiago has already said that something is planned for the other 2 sets of shamans.  hopefully, it will just be a surprise freebie.
@frank, if they do that i hope its a set of both clans.
they need to do shamans for the other 2 clans once the wild boar clan is unlocked.
nice one @agreave, but goats steeds we must have by mjölnir! ;-)
if you're a $1 backer planning on using the pledge manager later, please pitch in as much as you can now.  that $10k+ in sgs that we're missing out on.
@ron, oh first timer! i remember my first thing i backed. mega man board game last year. it was crazy exciting. unlocking things almost every hours the last couple days. welcome!!!
146 backers who haven't pledged at a level.
@schwartz, never and yes, lol, xd
awesome pace!
@snycher i know, but as a first time cmon backer, this is quite thrilling :p
repent @agreave repent! by the ozone divene i bet you'd eat the bone narrow too! ;-)
after looking at statistics i figured we might reach 730k by the 24hr mark and then possibly as high as 860k by the end. it's looking good for another couple of stretch goals.
@ron at the rate we're currently going, we'll likely hit it way before 3 hours. probably in the next 45-60 minutes i feel.
pitta and chilli sauce for the goats :)
5 left.... like a snowball from the hill :)
only 5k to the next stretch goal. let's see if it is reached before the last 24 hours kick in!
cats for freya chariot? :d
almost 705 already. wow.
yeah! berserkers !!!  fenrir !!!  nidhogg !!! hel & helheim tile !!! (goats ???)
by the goats! +4k in less than an hour, can you smell the ozone divine? ;-)
< $6k  shamone! shamone!
@agreave thanks for the info... that god#$%$it miniature machines will probably suck my hard earned money too... hahaha
phew.. easy will save for me that one. i need that money for the others anyway :p
terminator...hmmm...i still have about 100 old legions of steel machine fodder i could sub out...
@godfather p, cheers ;)
@jorge, sorry on mobile so links tricky-it's by river horse games and warlord games, who will be selling it so eyeball warlordgames.com in next couple of months! seen sprues for t5s and they look really nice.
last i heard terminator was going to my house so i could paint him.
last i heard  terminator  was not going to ks
i hear danny de vito drives a hard bargain... http://www.warlordgames.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/terminator-minis1-600x337.jpg waaaah!!!
i bet there's not a high demand for the twins ip.
:^)  unfortunately i kid, but don't let that stop you to develop something
http://www.warlordgames.com/terminator-genisys-miniatures-game-first-glimpses-of-the-models/
i would even want to buy a junior themed version if life.
@godfather - if that is a thing i would be tempted to buy it.
@paul - even the twins ccg?
well that is terrible news.  anything at all related to arnie is a trigger for me.  bye bye monies.
at popenx thanks!
@agreave  as far as i know terminator will be ks! i was very excited about it but after i saw a first  videopreview i was a bit dissapointed.
1... 2... google http://www.beastsofwar.com/the-terminator/terminator-genisys-miniatures-game-coming/
@agreave link please!!! b-)
@jorge, a tabletop game, resistance vs the machines :)
terminator?!?!?!
it'd be nice if we got more ks exclusives.
@agreave - wait.  back up.  terminator?????  do you have a link?????
please, no more good ks campaigns. my wallet needs time (years) to recover
terminator? a board game? what is that? (sorry for the ignorance)
@baldypat - agreed, the number of awesome campaigns is becoming ridiculous.  and it's only 1q!
terminator out soon too (retail not ks) so many demands for money!! :)
@cmon. will there be another addon in this ks or will there be only the two that have already been revealed?
yup, but originally was april, just glad of a bit of breathing space, still got 1 more ks to back that's currently running.
i hope, that a 7 sins ks will be a little be later, because we all must accumulate some amount of money and some amount of angry to spend them :)
@micheal martell. you picked a good time to join. welcome
@baldypat - is it still slated for june/july now?
i found it interesting that i didnt see anything about blood rage at gencon '14 but they had tons of mini's and stuff done for the others and were saying it was going to be released q4 2014.  wonder what delayed it.
maybe we can make the 710k before the 24 hour mark. could be cool with another awesome stretch goal (fenris?) and the two missing shamans as an add-on.
yup i'll be around for 7 sins, kinda glad on the delay of that ks, there have been too many great ks in recent months.
this is my first ks, boy people weren't kidding when they kept talking about the 48hr push. this campaign kicked up to another level. now bring on the boars!
so after the wildboars here are the next 4 sg dollar amounts $718152 (wrath of kings), $739513 (rum & bones), $774222 (arcadia quest), and $781597 (zombicide s1).  i do not know what they should unlock besides new shinny things.
702... 8 left....
holy shit, we're going to make it.. bring on the wild boars!
@paul s, thanks :)
i am guessing the others will also be run by cmon, but i expect a more aggressive campaign with it based on the style of game.  can definitely see a ton of sgs and add-ons for it.
@paul - i'll be here for the others for sure.
ups, i say it twice...
701... 9 left :)
701! 9 left... ;)
7 sins: some great miniatures, some less interesting. it will depend on how expensive the game is or if they might offer the minis for sale seperately.
http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcw3gxmhex1rizxufo1_500.jpg
@thomas - just any round number is a good excuse for an update :^) also http://fc07.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2014/309/9/9/plushie_fenrir_by_baby_loki-d7atvv7.png
700k is what, 13 days.  that is impressive.
@godfather punk what is so special about 700k?
no special surprise update for $700k?
7 sins will be on my must have list fore sure^^.
what will we get for 8k backers?
any=and :p
will cmon be involved with that (others) one too or just mcvey any gg?
@paul yeah i'll definitely be back for 7 sins. just gotta give my wallet some time to hide out of combat, to regen hp
@paul; yeah, the others is definitely on my list.  my wife must never know, lol.
@popenx - s3 is great, but i also haven't played anything else yet to compare.  but now i want all of it of course.
@paul i am looking forward to 7 sins since several months. hope it will start soon.  april was announced. now it will be june or july, they said on a site.
@paul - yeah you definitely need something! lots of minis.
@paul sousa i'm super jealous about s3. i only started playing z'cide after the s3 ks. i only just picked up a copy of s1.
@godfather- many old faces here gc -only the base game and the hope of the first 3 expansions till summer- wave 3 ?
is someone trolling the $700k mark?
@s buntenbach - not surprised to see you here :^d by the way, i dropped out of guardian chronicles. was that a wise move or did they deliver something worthwhile after all?
speaking of 7 sins, who else is coming back for the others when that launches? https://www.facebook.com/pages/the-others-7-sins/1478864392330945
700k, baby! let's get the last 10k and see what is in store for the last stretch of this campaign.
7 x 100k... like 7 sins :d
10 to go
$700k! $10k until the boars are unlocked!
@gabriel - i got the s3 base game in december and since then have asked for s2 for my b-day this month and also just received the rest of the s3 ks stuff (angry neighbors and all sgs).  i might end up backing the mantis storage ks as a result...
@james - the rams are not ks exclusives.  there are just a few items that will be included with them that are.
@turk... i'd suggest priming in the future if nothing else for added durability. the paint will stick to the primer better than the plastic. primer + poly + dullcote = super durable paint jobs.
@matlockhead the rams are a ks exclusive doesn't make sense not to purchase this. one will not be able to buy it later.
@paul - yeah i'm pretty impressed by it. i see many games of it in my future. trying not to get sucked down the expansion hole quite yet.
and here i was wondering if the wildboar clan would be met (as of the time it was announced next to the bear shamans), but now it looks like it'll be met with plenty of time to spare.
@gabriel - i was surprised by how much fun z'cide is the first time i played it.
just started playing zombicide. had my 2nd game last night. now i'm even more stoked for blood rage!
i'm not sure it really makes sense for ram and boar shamans to be a stretch as not everyone will be receiving the rams (they're a $30 add-on).
according to thiago (comment approx 22h ago): "and never fear about ram shamans, we have our plans." so my guess it would be either an sg (maybe for both shamans at a time) or addon... will see, only 11k left to that.
@jessie - included
is the wildboars clan an auto include or is it going to be sold as an add- on?
lets beat sg today! make commercial everywhere!
@the collector - my kids and i are newbie painters, but we had no issues painting arcadia quest figures.  no wash, no priming.
closing in on that 6th clan! just over 10k left. i'm excited!
maybe cmon is leaving the other realms for blood rage 2?
that's half the fun here @jorge, guessing what they will add into the game and what figures will pop up :)
i still have faith that there will be some fenrir update. didn't all of you noticed that there are worlds/domains (of the nine that pends of the yggdrassil) that are absent? like helheim or niflheim?. probably there are some new rules to come for our beloved fenrir and jomurgand. but thinking about that too, notice that blood rage is about the last war "among men", and yes, some other creatures, but not versus gods. they are present as "gift givers", so, creatures like the fenrir and the jomurgand seems like god-like beings and i don't think these humans can fight to them, unless... they become einherjar...
@curt - yes, you can add a pledge level during the pm and then add-on extra copies/content.
@curt hey man you gotta do what you gotta do. even your $1 is helping. no complaints from me:)
just so i'm clear here... i just pledged a dollar, last minute backer, but have been watching for a couple weeks. i pledged a dollar, because i had some fraudulent charges on my main card recently, and had to cancel/reorder a new one. so i don't want the full amount of this game getting charged to my temporary (not primary) card between now and when the new one arrives. i should be fully capable of adding more money for 2 base games and 2 ram clan addons after the campaign closes via the pledge manager, correct? w/ the new card (again, arriving later). i realize it's not ideal for unlocking stretch goals, but it's kinda where i'm stuck atm until the new card shows up. sorry. *shrug*
i sure hope they dont go back to shaman sgs. if they do they should throw something else in there with them.
@the collector  hmmm. but i'm sure there will be no problem at all. still same material. maybe cmon "prepared" the miniatures for the pictures to look better. and the glossy is a sideeffect. but you are not talkign about the pics you can see her or? that are no real photos. the "real" pictures are on their fb page.
@ub3r_n3rd i know but its all we got to go after.
@the collector - it could be the pics too, we won't truly know until we get them in hand
*a lot glossier then
@thomas winkler the blood rage minis looks a lots glossy the zombicide minis i have seen doesn't. i still wish for some clan leaders and warriors as add-ons, this would not make people feel like they have to buy them and those that want extras can get them.
$50k sg - full clan with 3 unique sculpts $160k sgs - shamans with 4 unique sculpts i think they can (and should!) throw in the last 2 shaman sculpts for free, rather than an add-on or sg.
@ryan amos the next sg clan is ks exclusive. so the shamans for that clan will be too. so they will not be in the shaman retail addon. there is no problem in selling them as addon. the shamans for the 5 player addon i do not know what will be the best way to handle. i would include them in the shaman retail addon. so yeah they maybe become a sg :(.
750 => last shamans i'm guessing
@the collector look for paintes zombicide minatures. same material. million zombies are painted. nobody comlpained about "paintability".
i'm going to wash them really good with dish soap and warm water, then use brush-on primer before i paint them up. i've also heard that army painter primer works well on pvc.
@thomas: how could it be an add-on? an add-on is an extra. i wouldn't classify shamans for the last two clans as an extra. it is a necessity. it has to be a stretch goal or just a throw-in by cmon. i am not paying for a fifth player expansion then another add-on for the shamans for that expansion!
after looking ad the pvc miniatures i have gotten skeptical about them being paintable, they look like they would make it really hard to prime and paint them.
they've stated since the beginning that this was going to have very very few paid add-ons, i really am glad to see they are sticking with that, even though i'd like to see just one more small one for some amazing monster sculpts.
tell me about it godfather. i did rum & bones, then thinking that i might get a good kraken figure with conan, spent a fortune, then got hooked into this. hence my updated ks name.
@delo - yes, the reason i'm still in this campaign is that after conan i really don't need another $$$$ kickstarter. this one has just the sweet spot between of affordable and still worth the money.
i hope the missing shamans will be some kind of addon. this would be perfect. it will bring more money into this ks = more possible sgs and will not end into sg dissapointment.
@theodore are you talking about an exclusive add on or any exclusive. i personally love exclusives i just wouldn't play more for one.
another sg aiming for shamans would be truly dissappointing...
yeah, i also hope that those shaman for clans 5 & 6 are not sg's, that'd be pretty disappointing and piss off a lot of people, especially those who haven't added the $30 5th clan, better that they just include those for the people who get their expansions.
those are dangerous words around here mikademus! add-on!?!?
i am so glad there aren't a ton of add-ons.  this is a great ks campaign.  one that you can pledge once and get it all. (i did add on the 5th player addon)  just a matter of more coming on board and backing this.
29 hrs left to ragnarok comes!!
we already have 2 mini expansions... i don't really want more
the last 24 hours should be crazy. the wildboar clan will be had, then who know what?
@andres aguilar, i don't think that'll be too fondly received in this kickstarter. this seems to be a different formula for cmon and i feel like of they do an optional buy stretch goal, especially in the final day, people will flip out.
we'll only be able to reach 2-3 more stretch goals... they better not all be shaman goals... that would be such a disappointment... please finish out with some new monsters!
i meant stretch goal, not add-on.
perfect add-on now would be mini-expansions, like  * a hel alternative to asgard (with cards related to it) that would have game-play effects (minus points, or perhaps bonus points in round three if you have the favour of loki etc) * ragnarök rampage god-beasts running amok killing everything in a region or fjord if there is no god or mystics there (thanks henrik for the concept!) * skald powers controlling other clans' warriors to certain places or actions * 6th player quarter-board with three-region alfheim etc
they will probably do a joint shaman deal for the next sg after 710k, (760k?) that will give the boar clan shaman and ram shaman if you buy the 5th player addon (cmon has done the only if you buy the addon style sg before)
i imagine they'll let us know about the last two sets of mystics once we unlock the last clan.  almost there.
@andres... later? we are at the final hours... lets ser...
maybe they will do pm sgs for the missing bits?
@andres, it will be announced later in the campaign. cmon gave their assurance that they will be taken care of prior to the end of the campaign.
where we get the shaman for boar clan and 5th player?
go go go
uber i know. i've followed many cmon projects in the past but never backed because of the exclusives. i am a completionist and on a budget... so those 2 things don't work. for myself and many others the main reason we are backing this is because there are no ks exclusive addons apart from alternative sculpts and tokens... nothing game changing. if you want to push for a sg then that's fine. if you want a addon that's fine too... but at this point.... you won't get the true hype moving with an addon like they did with the wild boar clan... a ks exclusive at this point would take the wind out of me and i would back out... potentially others as well... an addon that can be acquired some other way later on though is fine.
i would like to know if we can buy additional copies of large beast & monsters?
got email linked to phone along with ks app so no problem keeping up here. would welcome an add on as its not exactly add on heavy :)
@cmon - if we are paying for the 5th player expansion will it also include shamen/mystic/seer figures to match the others?
already 695k ...i hope it is not a pledge trolling.
@theodore - 2 other things: 1) people around here have usually backed some kind of ks previously and know that sgs are something that come fast and furious towards the end and 2) there will be a pledge manager at the end that even if you can't check your email at the very end, you can still add it on later, but it won't count towards stretch goals.
@theodore martinovich who says it's the last goal...  the last we 'know' of : )
uber. i mean. we'd have to agree to disagree. i don't see my email but once a day usually and when i do it's full of about 10 things i gotta think about and can't get back to quickly. this is just me though. maybe everyone else has a better system... i just think it is kinda late in the game to entice people into another buy in. especially cause the last goal is so close
well, only 15k until the wildboars land...
@ doom... im good with it, more the merrier minatures, besides the shamans are coming for both wait and see
@syncher haha!
unfair strech goal a 5th clan no shaman or warrior offset and they are purple and not considered like a fith player
@thoedore - totally disagree, they'd put out an update that'd hit everyone's emails so if they wanted to jump on for a last-minute add-on, they could easily do so.
@ub3r, "oh, you" *laughs insanely*
@ thon correct
if i want to back more than one copy, i just gotta add the extra pledge funds, correct?
i think the last sg will be an official br soundtrack titled "i want to ragna-rock!!!".
maybe it's me. but addons this late in the campaign would be a bad idea. so many people have paid and aren't looking at this anymore... cmon would miss out on a lot of potential buyers. i personally don't care so long as it's not ks exclusive.
@baldypat: me too, lurking from the beginning but just jumped in. about the video: the first time i see the video i liked, it seemed to me just fine. but the second time, man, i can't stand it for how lame it is, less giggling and the video would be seen as more sincere and not a mere pr act/advertising.
@syncher - that's a rather personal question :p
@francesco, wonder how large they would be.
@david who can resist screaming norse men for long :-)
fingers crossed for an add on with fenrir hel and the serpent!!!! if will be, i think that everybody will get it, and will be a real ragnarok game!
welcome baldypat, nice to see another fellow brit give in to the viking horde :).
will we get the new clan before 6pm central? fingers crossed.
@ub3r cheers, been following it since day 1, but the gameplay video was a bit off putting. finally managed to watch it all and the game looks cool.
same here @eithereven
welcome aboard baldypat!
@ub3r_n3rd i really appreciate if they release them as sg. maybe exclusives..... i really hope for that.
after ages thinking about this game, have decided to jump aboard.
@ub3r_n3rd, and others will dr4op their pledges.
@the collector - exactly because  that's 7600+ of each free item.
feels a bit off that all the clan tokens are heads except for the bear clan...
even more so if they were kickstarter exclusives, people would back for them, others would do multiple sets, etc.
@graham bailey the reason why the sg are longer apart is that it gets more expensive for cmon to hand out free stuff.
@eithereven - definitely would love to see fenrir and nidhoggras, like if they were a $15-$20 add-on stretch goal, that'd really get a lot of people happy and pledge for it, would probably get us close to $900k by the time it's done.
i agree about us clearing $800 but i think closer together stretch goals would aid that. at the moment they're going further apart.
it's hard to see probably, but i still hope for fenrir and nidhoggras last sg......
@ub3r, i hope the same!
@ub3r, i'm really hoping for a larger map with more, spaces or maybe even a second alternate map to play on. doubtful, but it'd be nice. also rules or something for 6 players. a lot of my friends want to play this.
every time i check the funded amount it's gone up like another $1,000.
wonder what else they have up their sleeves though, hoping for one small paid add-on to pad the numbers up and hit any/all sg's they had in mind here.
@ub3r true that man. everything is running smoothly.
30 hours to go, nearly $700k, i'm still very confident that this will hit $800k+
@crimson rnb looks interesting
i've considered making a custom survivor card using one of these minis. or using a monster from here as an abomination. i have zombicide 1. missed the ks for  season 3. hope there is a season 4 some time.
luckily i have a friend getting rnb so the temptation is low for me.
@crimson i'm intersted about
@crimson, maybe i would be depending on how much?
@crimson damn it don't tempt me my wallet is already crying after 3 pledges in 1 month.
ok, be honestly - we already have a jormurgund, a sea serpent... so, what you say about rule, that jormurgund cannot be in provinces, where allready stand thor? or vice version... :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch…... cmon can we get this guy as a zombicide crossover? seems fitting
20k to wildhogs, but how much to ram and hogs shamans? :p and how much to fenrir and jormurgund? :)
@paul thanks! i will do that right away!
@ all... update 10 explains the crossover for conan
not going to lie i was worried we wouldn't hit this upcoming sg, but now with 20k and a day and a bit i'm ready to see the next one.
@ anybody looking for a rum and bones pledge i opted for a double pledge so i have an extra coming. message me if your interested
20k to go!!
@8thpagan they told in one of the last update that late pledgers can jump in later on when pm will be online ;)
anyone heard back from monolith about late comers to conan kickstarter? i messaged them a request, but not reply yet.
only 20 k to the boars
@paul sousa: yes, i know what you mean lad. at the end of the day we are all but spoiled brat playing toysoldier :d
hail the goats! closing in on the 20k limit, by mjölnir! ;-)
@paul sousa at least every one knows your name...
@elessar - good to see you again too!  is it bad when ks starts to feel like cheers?
@ kevin captain matt and steven gregor. thanks for your yesterday's comments and advices. - still no answer from cmon for rum & bones late pledge. i suppose it's too late or they're too busy adding optional rules for clans  :-) - in order to help i doubled my pledge .. a) i like those wildboars b) next sg should be optional rules or at least a big monster...
@paul sousa: nice to see you here again after conan. yeah i red about on finance mags. so i can be safe&sound and do not have to worry? maybe an official word on it by someone? thiago are you listening? @crimson ghost: i know lad, i'm on mainly for the crossover. i get interested in the game during conan campaign thanks to adrian smith talking about it but the crossover hint was the defining moment for me to jump also on this ks. otherwise after the huge pledge on conan i would have passed. indeed i was still fairly unsure but the wildboar sg is too tempting ...
aaaargggh! must... must have more ozone divine, gimme me goats! ;-)
@paul, lol nevermind, you beat me to it...
@sakerio - message monolith and see if they can give you a pledge manager invite when it is released.
creator coolminiornot about 3 hours ago you can make a $1 pledge now, and when the pledge manager goes live after the campaign has ended you can add more funds to get a full pledge and any add-ons you'd like. however, you won't be able to get only the add-on. you'll need to get a basic pledge in order to enter the system.
@everyone here asking about conan, yes, when the pledge manager is sent out you can get in on it. @paul, for those asking about pledging $1, can they do the same thing when this pledge manager comes out?  i think they said you can but i don't remember.
@joe - you'll be able to add a pledge in the pm if you pledge $1 now.
@joe other kss have had an after the fact pledge option, by the goats i ' m not shure if this one will have. must have sniffed to much of the imagined ozone dicine ;-)
i hated missing the conan campaign:( i assume this one will go retail at some point? or possibly i have missed another option to get in on it?
where are the ram clan & wildboard clan shamans?
i'm not a kickstarter virgin, but i've never had to wonder this... i have 3 other projects backed and this one is just not going to be in the budget! if i pledge $1 will i be able to get a pledge manager and up my pledge to back fully when the pledge manager releases?
hail! does anybody know if wildboar and ram will get their shamans?
@elessar - kickstarter switched from amazon to stripe for payments between the start of the conan campaign and now, that is why it's different.
@ elessar they mentioned early in the campaign that the models will crossover with conan too!!
hi there, i'm on board. as a conan pledger i cannot resist blood rage anymore. as oscar wilde said "i can resist everything but temptations". one question i used a visa electron there will be a problem? it's the same card with which i pledged for conan and it was successfully charged at the end of the campaign last time. no problem whatsoever ... but coolminiornot does not use amazon payments and directly asked for the card details which i gave. after that i got the 'woo-hoo' confirmation and also the e-mail. all is okay or do i have to worry? sorry to bother but i red on bgg about troubles with visa electron cards.
cant wait for my zombicide 3 shipment
@ all... anybody know if the shamans have been mentioned if they will be given with the boar clan as well if unlocked?
agreed paul!
he he @punk, nice one thanks for price less support ;-)
just pledged. i love guilotine's work
an asterisk by the gods and shamans with a note under the art stating "will not be included in retail core box" would be helpful, and might convince some people to back it.
http://users.telenet.be/gpunk/ks/goat-ninja.gif
@paul - the different colored boxes are labeled, but i see your point.
admittedly the art could be a bit unclear since the only thing indicating they are not in the base game at retail is that they are in different colored sections.
@benjamin yes it has. only the first 3 "extra" monsters will be included on the retail box. (soldier of hel, dark elf and the dwarf). the others not.
@benjamin - yes.  it's also indicated in the art on the main page.
has it been officially said that the shamans and gods will be sold as separate retail expansions and not included in the base game at retail?
there is a possibility about an add on with fenrir and hel, just the last 24 hours?
@kelmantor @andrius - i believe kelmantor is correct, and if you go to the blood rage fb page they have pics of production pvc minis for some of the models.
@andrius - the clan figures are not 3d models. as far as i remember, they are master sculpts..
cmon replied on fb about the "where are the 5th/6th shamans?" question with this: "it will come, one way or another."  so there is an even shorter response to copy/paste when new folks ask. :)
hey guys i'm back up. just in time to see the painting advice. awesome stuff.
@ jorge thanks, i missed that announcement. i've been gone all weekend.
@chad they will post news about it on last hours, just wait. they already told that.
@chad b - see cmon's comment in update #25
where are the ram clan & wildboard clan shamans?
also just noticed the pledge amount....we're moving fast now.
@paul, sweet thanks. always down for a good community of liked minded people. it'll be great for tips and inspiration too. thanks again.
have to leave, see you later at ragnarok. have fun and keep this campaign going ;-)
go go guys!!almost 690k!!
@snycher - i know you didn't back conan, but if you want you can still join the conan painting group since br does have some crossover with it.  there are some great painters in the group and are very helpful with advice.  they also post some awesome pics of minis they have painted up. https://www.facebook.com/groups/bycrom/
@eric i feel they went paw because it might be too mixed up with the wolf if they were both hands....that's my guess.
@eric - cmon said 'no, we like the bear paw'.
@snycher: you'll find dozens of videos at youtube.
just found this project looks great. the only thing i notice that is off is the 3d clan token. there all sculpts of head of the animal of that clan except the bear. could we get a bear head instead of a claw
oh, yeah, brown wash is better than black in 90% of the cases. devlan mud, agrax earthshade and the like...
i assume there are videos out there so i can get an idea of steps and things. is it weird this has gotten me more excited?
@paul sousa depends on the colours you pick. i think they need at leas a skin tone, a brown for pelts & leather, grey for metals and the clan colour on some cloth and shields...
i use wood finish instead of quick shade. does the same thing but is more brown compared to black. it's a personal opinion but i like the brown shade more than the black. definitely paint it on instead of dip though or you'll end up with way too much on the mini's and they'll just look like they rolled around in the mud instead of getting the shading detail you're after :p
i wonder how a white primer, color wash, quickshade combo would look on the clan members?
how we all saw, the miniatures were modeling in standart way, not using 3d technique... but pictures of clans miniatures is 3d models?
@daniel: yes i can, looking back it was the real hard way... ;-)  you really spare so much time and you don't see any difference if you just put them on the table.
@cmon the minis look great, and the stretch goals are coming along nicely, so now we need to discuss something new - the player boards. they kind of look dull  and very square like. the player board back ground has nice viking art, so it is not because you guys are unaware of that kind of art. but this nice art with these very black rectangular bars just don´t go along very well. maybe you could try to soften the black color just a little bit, and just by adding a little bit of curve to the bars, would help make the two styles intermix much better. maybe a brownish color would match very well with the beige colored back ground. also the black, red and blue circles could benefit from adding a little bit of curve/waves  to the outer rim of the circle.
damn, this is heating up! 25k to go. if we get a super stretch goal after the 710k wild boar clan i will have to go for a third game. the value is just awesome!
@john foughty - copy of my comments from earlier.   . "cmon has already mentioned that the shamans for the remaining clans will be taken care of by the end of the campaign, we just do not know how yet."
@gawain same thing for me. quickshade changed my painter's life. :)  i dont do anything without it now. not to mention that i paint 10x more minis in the same amount of time than before quickshade. i've painted 20yrs without it. can you believe it? :)
echoing @mriley: what about the ram clan shamans/mystics? if i get the add-on, for which i've currently increased my pledge, i want to make sure the ram clan is on even footing with the other four clans. does the fifth player expansion automatically come with the shaman/mystic minis and cards, same as the first four clans?
@paul: it was like christmas, birthday and every single feast day of the last 10 years  at once as i first used quickshade. couldn't imagine how i painted 15 years for tabletop without it. only hint i have to give: don't dip the miniature, use a big brush instead for more control. @syncher: no problem, glad to help you :-)
i was hoping boar clan would add more female scupts :-p
i'm very glad you showed me that. like, i'm so happy at how great those look. simple yet they kinda of, pop.
the army painter method is awesome for tabletop game minis.
a cool thing could be to diversify the difference between the different clans, to all clans have a specific "clan upgrade" from start, that can be replaced later as usally with clan upgrades. what do u say folks?
@...and its add so much depths, drybrush + quickshade shapes the details of the miniatures.
and those figures looks so cool. has a very cool comic effect. i will definitely keep this method as my go to so far.
@gawain, in all honestly this is what i'm considering at the very least. i like the colors for each clan and would have no probs painting them that color for easier play.
here is the link. its easy and fast: https://boardgamegeek.com/image/1972766/zombicide-season-2-prison-outbreak…
did they mention ram shamans anywhere?  same question goes for the boars when we get them - i'd be a bit saddened by the lack of them and wouldn't mind them as an add-on if nothing else...
no doubt i could, so maybe i'll give it a shot. i have other minis from other games i could do as well; descent, ghostbusters soon. mega man depending on how well those are painted. also curious anyone who has bought a game with pre-painted figures. any idea on quality?
@syncher: you can do a great effect for the table just with primer, some drybrushing and quickshade. just spray your minis in one color, drybrush it in 3-4 steps and apply quickshade. you could do this in the clan colours if you want. carmen did this for zombicide, it looks fabulous.
i just started painting and i honestly think with a steady hand and some patience you can get close to the "tabletop" quality ones they show.
@paul, okay this is very awesome. had no idea they were worth so much. very nice figures too. i really admire the people that paint those things. so much talent!
@snycher - here is an example: http://www.centerpieceminiatures.com/commission-work/ i would consider most of this game to be comparable to infantry for prices.
@salgon any of the clans can be used to play the game up to 4 players but you gave to have 5th player expansion to have the necessary components to play 5 player-the boar extras dont have all the stuff needed to play with 5.
thanks all. this helps. maybe i'll just do it myself if i can find some time to. so excited for the next 30 hours of this ks. any other games on the horizon (or already started) that look similar to this?
i don't think it's quite obvious enough from a glance at the front page that the gods and shamans aren't included in retail and are added value in the ks. for maximum backers, maybe at least add a "kickstarter bonus" banner to them, if not separate them out even more obviously? ( a list of ks bonuses, including boar clan, could be good.)
@salgon the boar clan can be played with any number of players but the game is still a 2 - 4 player game.  the 5th player expansion is still needed to play with 5.
do you think that the boar clan can remplace the 5 ° player ?
@syncher i think there peps who do that over on bgg. a lot of them if i remember right.
@snycher - there is no messing up. there's tons of stuff out there will strip paint from models without damaging them so paint way! screw up? try again!
we need a last minute add-on. i really want this to do well so that there will be future stuff for the game.
@snycher - it's a good chunk of change.  google something like "miniature painting commission" and you can probably find some sites hat offer to do it and see what their rates are.
@brad amen to that!
question at people who pain figures. how much would one charge to paint said figures? i've always wanted to myself, but i don't really have the time or resources to do so. also the only thing i've ever painted are gundams, i wouldn't want to mess up these since it'd be my first time.
i for one am glad that every cmon game doesn't cost $300.
@daniel: definetely, i'm on your side here. i love it to get giant parcels with hundreds of miniatures and many exclusives. just can't resist ;-)
assuming we will make the 710k there will be 71 figures in the basic pledge! that is really good value for money - even if you just want the figures. add the beautiful game, tokens etc. it is a no brainer.  i am in for two games plus the two add-ons.
@gawain you may be right but wasnt it exciting nonetheless? i love big expensive games compare to $100 games. i like the awesomeness of those. and it feels great playing with them. everybody his genre.
@schwartz those helmets are awesome!  love all the graphic elements of this ks i have to say.
@gawain - i can see the $30 add-on still being a bit of a question for folks, but the $75 pledge is well worth the money.
eventually this campaign will be a nice one, well worth my pledge. maybe it will get even better with a real aweseome last stretch goal, we'll see.
@daniel: your are right, conan and zombicide were over the top, although i didn't like two things about the zombicide campaign: unlocking zombivors for optional buys and having split up sgs, for example miniatures and cards. apart from this it was epic.
i guess it's all planned through up to $1.500.000...
i still would have expected more than this. the game and minis are still good nonetheless. just not my kind of campaign. prefered zombicide, rum & bones, and or course the best ever conan, to this one.
this is so exciting! it's like watching your investment grow:p
@paul: at least they said themselves they did not expected it and rearranged the  expansions for gods and shamans into sgs. but i personally think the end is well planned, because it is the end they originally planned before inserted gods/shamans in between.
@big e notice how the boar helmets resemble the predator alien from the sci-fi predator movies, nice touch! :-)
right you are @paul and we get a lot in this ks in my book :-) waiting for the goats though  ;-)
i never thought of the boar clan being as epic as they are. makes me want to hear war pigs by sabbath!
i am pretty confident cmon did some solid planning before this campaign and came in expecting to fund at a minimum of $750k and not look to go too far beyond that.  it may not have been exciting, but given my love of analysis and planning i love the way this has been run.
we're going at a nice pace today. wonder what is after the boar clan..
some of you may be interested in another viking ks in its final hours. i would really like to see this published. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/avalkauskas/seith-and-sword
@daniel: thx daniel i knew that, i just was to lazy to klick your profile. i hope its clear now what we wanted to say.
@gawain just for your info, if you want to know if someone here is experienced in ks or not, just click on his name and you'll get all his ks history. thats how i knew that you got involved in less ks than me. just saying,
@lemonline: the extra warrior sculpts for the 4 base clans, the dwarf chieftain, dark elf, and soldier of hel will be included in the retail box. all the rest is extras.
@lemonline - which ones specifically?  the wildboars are a ks exclusive if that is what you mean.
@lemonline - gods and shamans will be in separate retail boxes.  there are 3 ks-exclusive monsters and some ks-exclusive tokens.  everything else will be in the retail box.
i believe the warrior sculpts will make it to retail, the monsters will stay ks exclusive
@lemonline, they're included in the retail box.
@renato :)
@daniel: not teaching, just asking. i personally like single sgs. because of that shaman and god sgs were boring. we knew they would come and that is the same as posting them all at once.
now i am bit lost. those extra warrior sculpts and extra monsters are they going to be included in retail box or are they "extras" ?
@graham, well i guess you do learn something new everyday.
nice one @graham thanks ;-)
boring or not the game and content is first class, i can live with it and will stick with it
@paul: conan has a lot more to offer than single sg reveals :-) but imo ist what renato said in his last commentary. single sgs keep you involved.
@gawain more than you my friend. and thats obvious that ks campaign work that way. do you think you are teaching me something here. you've missed my point. there are campaigns that are way more exciting than others and with a lot more interesting sgs at the end, not those boring shaman sgs that we just got through, for me, this is the most boring of cmon campaing ever. they started good but ended boring.
@paul, i know i personally prefer one at a time. makes me more excited to unlock them so we can see what's coming next.
@renato https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@renato - possibly, but conan also did single sg reveals in general and that did pretty well. :)
one stretch goal after another is definetely more exiting, unless you get stretch goals part 1 of 5 of course ;-)
@the schwartz, i'm pretty sure goats don't bark
@paul, that could just be because people were severely disappointed with the first myth.
also, showing multiple at once is not a recipe for success.  myth has a bunch revealed right now and it has been crawling along.
@daniel, i'm really excited about the wildboar clan that they just announced yesterday. its not like we've been in the dark for 5 days. that sg really caught me off guard and i have faith that cmon won't let us down now.
@jj nada. cept that we'll hear something before this campaign ends
33 the magic number of hours to go, is that the barking of demonic goat steeds i perchance sense in the distance! eh @thiago eh eh! ;-)
@daniel: how many kickstarter campaigns you where involved in? isn'i it the usual case to reveal one stretch goal after another? i know there are some campaigns that show multiple sgs at once but most i backed did it by one stretchgoal at a time. i'm confident they have a plan for the last sgs.
@jj lee read my comment from about 8 min ago.  :-)
@daniel - the entire campaign has been run in this manner, i wouldn't expect a change now.
i probably just missed it, but any word on a shaman/mystic/great googly-moogly for the ram and wildboar clans?
@renato i think we have been patient enough in the last 5 days, dont you agree?
@daniel, i'm sure we'll get some new info as soon as we hit that 710k sg. we just gotta be a little patient.
well, i really dont know they keep us in the dark at the end there is no point in that except that they may not know themselves yet what they are going to do. its only uncertainty or what can be expected, and thats not good to attract new backers and keeping some that may have doubts. is it better to tell peoples what to expect or to see a bunch dropping out at the last hour?
lol never a bad thing
too many minis to keep track of. :)
oh yeah forgot about the witch in the game already lol
@cap oh yeah, you are probably right. :(
@tiago cmon has already mentioned that the shamans for the remaining clans will be taken care of by the end of the campaign, we just do not know how yet.
as much as it would be cool to get more of them i think those two pieces of art are the concepts for the existing valkyrie we have and the volur witch.  maybe we will get more...
the valkyrie and witch are already in the core game.
isn't there going to be shamans for the 5th player?(ram clan)
valkyrie + 1........
the witches look awesome. are these going to be in this ks?
i want the valkyrie on horseback
lets go - 30k to go!
only 30k to next sg pledge speed is up!
i believe the woman on the horse is the valkyrie but the witches....hmmmm...new monster? ram/boar shaman?
both were posted today
or this one: https://boardgamegeek.com/image/2452449/blood-rage
@steve fry where are those greens of the sabertooth and goat from?
this piece of art is interesting… any suggestion? https://boardgamegeek.com/image/2452448/blood-rage
@daniel we repeat it because it's a question that keeps getting asked. thiago already answered the question, and i'm happy he and cmon know what they're doing.
great one for the goats @rudolfo
why peoples are still repeating over and over again what thiago said in update 25 about shamans. we want something new. they keep us in the dark at 33hrs from the end. not cool!
@coolminiornot: thanks for this clarification  (mainly because of artbook - the 5player surely makes without game no sense at all ;-) maybe you can add this at story "optional purchases" (& also faq)?
@cmon: thanks for the fast reply! :thumbsup:
you can make a $1 pledge now, and when the pledge manager goes live after the campaign has ended you can add more funds to get a full pledge and any add-ons you'd like. however, you won't be able to get only the add-on. you'll need to get a basic pledge in order to enter the system.
i hope they don't use up our final few stretch goals on shamans for those clans...
@mark warren: as stated by thiago in the comments on update #25: "the missing shamans situation will be resolved before the campaign is done. never fear."
what about the shamans for the two addon clans? they exist?
@punk that part i can handle! they'll just blend in with the amazon & ebay boxes:) (not true, i can't stand the clutter)
nice to see the next sg adding value to this ks but i really really really would like to see at least one more monster before this campaign is over =\ even if it were an add-on.
@thomas winkler ikr? i already blew over 300 for march:)
676k tumbles, with 677 very near... liking this a lot.
@schwartz i'd sort of always imagined thor's arrival sounding something like this: http://youtu.be/i0_thrxys1w
@godfather punk: so, so true...
sort of like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
exactly @rudolfo ;-)
cue face-melting metal guitar solo.
@schwartz baaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhrrrrroooooockkkk!
@sakerio - ontop of what thomas said, there is also the fact that in 1 or 2 years time projects will start to fullfill which you had all but forgotten... and suddenly you have to explain large cardboard boxes filling the hall, the living room, the ...
@rudolfo i guess the goat steeds would make a more demonic version of the b word ;-)
@sakerio  that "hole new world of fun" has a dark side belive me^^. at the end of the month you always wonder where your mones went^^.
@thiago aranha "@snon: humm, i'll have to look into that. i think you need to have a pledge level in order to get anything, but i'll confirm." . what?! it is usually the case with cmon campaigns that $1 pledges gives you access to the pledge manager! please confirm this as soon as possible!
technically it's my 3rd campaign but i don't really count the ares magazine one:p
would thor's goats make that sound though?
well... updated my pledge to buy the 5th player expansion too. damn it vile savage vikings!!! stop cutting my wallet!!! it is bleeding already!!!! aaaarrrggghhhh.....!!!!
@punk you know the goat sound... ;-)
this is only my 2nd ks campaign, and the most exciting! i am a long-time gamer but ks has opened a whole new world of fun.
@schwartz - barbeque?
nice try @punk but i won't say the b word until i get me goats! ;-)
@paul sousa: thank you sir! @thomas winkler: absolutely, i was hoping to help make sure we hit that next sg:) very tempting that one is!
wow guys, you're making my job too easy. thanks for answering those questions for me.
675k falls before us brothers!
jarl thiago has joined the fray! a collective "awoooooooooo!" greets you  ;-)
@sakerio don't worry. pledge what you can afford now and the rest in the pledgemanager. you will have at least 4 month till the pm will close.
@sakerio - shipping will be charged during the pledge manager.  and shipping in the us is always pretty inexpensive comparatively to everywhere else.
@thiago: i am wondering, how close to accurate are those shipping quotes? i live in new york. i would like to increase my pledge but alas i am limited in funds this week (ks addiction ya know?) and all the unlocked sgs have me curious about shipping cost. when exactly will shipping be charged?
@snon  - yes, you will be able to add stuff in the pledge manager. - thiago wrote "the art book will contain all the art made for blood rage."
@thiago: - do you plan to use the pledge manager only for collecting shipping costs or will it be possible to add 5th player option/artbook/(new last 24h stuff you want to "share") later? - with all those stretch goals reached & because of all those beautiful graphics on the cards: will the artbook be accordingly expanded -shamans, new clans (ram & surely wildboar)?
ok my wishlist: * shamans renamed to seers, seers made all female, cause trüe n stuff * use the real names - giant sea serpent *sigh* ;) * big bad wulfie!  hes even a mascot at local music events http://copenhell.dk/mascot/
what glorious news to awaken to!!
generally just wanted to say how buzzed i am for this game. the minis all look amazing, the rules and gameplay (from the playtest video) look really well created and fun to play. from other kickstarters i've been in, i'm a little suprised at only one pledge level and the small amount of optional buys, but either way it looks like an amazing game. i was so excited having seen the alternate clan stretch goal, can't wait for us to hit it!
only 35k left, we'll break this easily in the next couple of hours, leaving over a day for the real götterdämmerung. are you strong enough to take part?
@thiago can i get an awoooooooo! from you?
@thiago; you could always add an artbook only pledge. =p
bah indeed! thor needs not a chariot to smite his foes! but how will tyr extract his revenge? and who will finally end the all-father? fenrir must break his damned dwarven chains for the end times to begin. it is written.
bààààààààà! goatterdämmerung is almost upon us.
@snon: humm, i'll have to look into that. i think you need to have a pledge level in order to get anything, but i'll confirm.
awoooooooooo! for the goats too! ;-)
@thiago: - dimos about 1 hour ago: @thiago:do i have to get the game, if i want the artbook?
awoooooooooo!
$674k already! things are starting to move... looks like it's time for "the bonds to break and the wolf to run free." ragnarök is upon us brothers! awoooooooooo!
@lukáš záluský: a single backer, yes. just multiply your basic pledge by the amount of copies you want.
hi, can a single pledge get 7-10 copies of the game? thanks
clearly the les mis reference is alluding to the french revolution; and a double-sided board can be revolved. therefore the next sg will be a double-sided board. qed.
@paul: we will need a troll as unwilling sacrifice. :)
will one of the backers need to be sacrificed to the gods at the end of the campaign?
@the schwartz: you really cracked me up with that one. thanks.
"eat, drink, and be merry"  eat = fenris drink = nidhogg merry = valkyries clan
itm! @thiago finally awake then ;-) is this sign read correctly: http://schwartzengine.com/bloodrage/chariot.png ? ;-)
so the new (& glorious last) dawn will bring us also a six player game board with this boar stretch goal?
i'm telling you guys, that inscription on the bottom of the updates is a clue! does it change from update to update?
if only we had the seeing eye of heimdall, maybe the future would become more clear ;)
the future is an open book for those able to read the signs.
i'll see your les mis and raise you some angry vikings.  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
oh thiago, how i wish thou wouldst gift us with your knowledge of events to come! ragnarök would be so much more glorious with your spirit sight driving us on!
tomorrow we'll discover what our gods in asgard have in store! one more dawn one more day one day more!
@thiago will we meet wildboar and ram clan shamans in whalhalla?
tomorrow we'll be far away, tomorrow is the judgement day!
one more day before the storm! shall i join my brothers there?
@thiago les miserables ftw!!!!!
one day more! another day, another destiny!
*not
i'm not so concerned about if/how/when we get the "shamans" as i'm concerned about them being men instead of women. it's just historical or thematically correct,  and it bugs me insanely!!!!
direct quote from @thiago-cmon in update #25 comments: "the missing shamans situation will be resolved before the campaign is done. never fear."
thanks there arnaud
doesn't look like we'll get a warpaint pledge :(
yeah, i'm curious if there will be ram or wild boar (if we make it) will eventually get shamans.
hi guys. an ask for you! will be the game translated in italian? thanks.
@david, yes but they could add it to the expansion clans as ks exclusive.
@ernster:  if the shamans are going to be available as a retail set later on, i would expect them to keep the ram shaman in that set rather than in the 5th player expansion.  it adds more value to the shaman box and is an incentive to purchase the other set for retail customers.  that's purely my take on it from a business point of view outside of ks.
i don't think the boar clan is useless at all, amazing looking minis and a clan we can use instead of one of the ones in the box for 4 player games.
we need one more paid add on.
@jeremy, @paul: ok so i admit i maybe use some too strongs words to describe my deception about this update thus i still cannot understand why don't we already have so real clues on the fate of the two other mystics clans? thiago said they will come. i would answer yes of course they will come because otherwise we would have an uncomplete game! what i would like to know right now and not in 30 hours is if the other mystics will be addons for which we will have to pay extra money or will they be included for free or maybe in exchange of another sg?
@ peter: from germany for eu (sais so in the shipping)
can anyone help here, where is this being distributed from as i dont would to incur custom changes. i live in the uk is it being distributed from inside the eu?
@ igor di mauro you click manage* on your pledge and then add the amount of money for the expansion, for example if you had only pledged for the base game 75$ you add 30 $ (change the total amount of your pledge to 105$) and save.
@all people that still asks for missing shamans: direct quote from @thiago-cmon in update #25 comments: "the missing shamans situation will be resolved before the campaign is done. never fear."
@ thomas: i get you. an extra add-on with only the cards needed to play with 5 players using the boar-clan would be nice. but then the 30$ expansion would be next to useless. so i guess that cards-only add-on aint gonna happen.
i'm very happy to jump on the bandwagon for this ks! concerning the "shaman" debate, a few ideas :  totemist : each clan has an animal as symbol, i think this name is a strong link between the two concepts; seidr, and galdr (which means "spell" and galdor "spellcaster")
@ igor di mauro you click mage on your pledge and then add the amount of money for the expansion, for example if you had only pledged for the base game 75$ you add 30 $ (change the total amount of your pledge to 105$) and save.
@igor: add the cost to your total pledge. for example, change the 75 to 105 for the 5th player expansion.
@thomas - makes sense, but i don't think they screwed the end of the campaign with that update.  definitely a forgettable update but we'll still finish strong. :)
@igor, just add the cost of the expansion and you will get to put it in the pledge manager.
@thomas: they have already announced that the other two sets of shaman will be taken care of by the end of the campaign. fret not friend :)
@just add the amount of the expansion to your pledge.
guys,someone can explain me how can i add expansion to my pladge? (sorry..it s my first kickstarter campaign :d)
@jeremy, @paul: for me the end of this campaign is deceiving because boar sg is useless. you cannot play at 5 with miss since cards and mystics are missing. plus you cannot play at six for the same reasons and because the board does not allow you too. i would love to consider buying the 5th player addon but without knowing what would be the fate of their mystics annoys me. for me update 26 must tells us more details on mystics and give us foresight of what's to come next boar sg...
we also need more monsters.
hopefully they include the ram shaman in the expansion as the value would be better for the $30. ;0
@kelmantor oh yeah that is a really good game… it's a pure coop game though and everything is a bit "abstract" for my taste but still it's a good game to check! and also there you impersonate one of the gods against loki and the other creatures controlled by the game… i think this project is quite thematic in the and really gives the state of vikings fighting for glory during the ragnarok conflict between gods and creatures! the fact you can control creatures to me symbolizes simply that your clan has decided to side with the monster side with the occasional god intervention symbolized by the cards! the god expansion also symbolizes the specific god that takes the conflict directly in his hands and fights for himself and whoever wants to go where he is using his powers takes the risk of getting either some help from him or being destroyed by him for getting in the way! last thing to say regarding "value of 5th expansion": from what i got in the 5th expansion there aren't only duplicates of existing cards in the base game but also some new cards… and remember that later on the exp is available without the following things: 4 plastic clan tokens and 3 alternate figures… so the questions you should answer yourself is: "do i need a 5 player expansion to reach 5 player count? do i want to spend 30 now for getting 10 minis + 3 exclusive minis + plastic tokens or do i wait retail, pay the same (will cost also 30$ retail) and missing the exclusives?"
come on! i want the wildboar clan. and maybe they will throw in some ram and wildboar shamans. i'm so maxed out but for those who are still on the fence....back it!
finally a boardgame that brings the myth of ragnarok to life,you shall be granted a passage to vahalla for this �
@paul: gotcha. i was part of conan too... but with it being the highest grossing board game ever on kickstarter... it's silly to compare anything to it. expecting something like that every time just sets yourself up for disappointment lol.
now the full set of shamans are included as well as the full set of goods. incredible value of the basic pledge. 40k to go. let get that extra clan. awesome figures!
but the shaman for ram and wildboar clan?
@jeremy - looks like his first ks was conan so he may have a skewed idea of how crazy a final 48 should be.  i am confident this will be a good finale, but if he's expecting anything like conan he'll be disappointed.
@thiago:do i have to get the game, if i want the artbook?
@thomas: please explain how they "screwed the end of this campaign". i feel like them giving us a full add-on as a sg is far from doing so.
@thiago:
@kelmantor, yggrassil does not have miniatures from mcvey... :p
useless #26 update. yeah good job screwing the end of this campain!
@andrius - check out the yggdrassil board game.
http://www.comicgarden.dk/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/650x650/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/t/r/tryk3_thor.jpg ;-)
oh look we blasted through the 660k sg! we already now what's next so i doubt thiago will release an update for just that… could be wrong though! let's aim to the wild boar clan! @to the name complainers: i think the main reason for the "wild boar" name is to differentiate enough from the bear clan so to not having possibility of confusion… that's of course my opinion and i like as of far the name chosen for everything… i 'm too though on the bandwagon for having either cards with alternate norse names (a possible sg?) or having the names written under the official names used - for example: fire giant (surtr) and sea serpent (jormungadr)
i think, that is some misunderstanding in concept of the game...  in ragnarok vikings must fight not between each other, but against trolls, giants and others evils…  but now monsters like sea serpent, frost and fire giants are allies, not enemies… where is soul of sagas? :d earlier i hoped thought, that game must be about vikings, which side by side with each other and gods hard trying to estrange or even stop the hour of ragnarok… now they just killing each other and giants happily help them in that evil deed… :(
the 26th update is pure meh.
@thiago - you can't spoil us with another sg preview after we gave you a $10k buffer? :)
troll buffer at 10k, wake up @thiago! gimme them goats: http://comicwiki.dk/images/thumb/4/4f/valhalla1_1oplag.jpg/453px-valhalla1_1oplag.jpg ;-)
$75 for the base set plus all those extras is a very strong offering, and deserves to be well funded. $30 for 24 cards is not.
fenris and nidhögr? where are they? they should be used to "fight" the gods on the gameboard.
usually i am completist, but i have been burned on zombicide and spent way to much for plastic that just collects dust at the moment, so i will probably not get the fifth clan. it is to expensive with the dollar to krona at the moment (i can easily get another game for the same amount),
which is as it should be. the dwarf is perfect!
i know, but is cool to choose clan :-) personaly i dont need to much player game.
let's talk about that ugly dwarf. it is very ugly : (
yea, we deffos need a 6th player variant. like the much-cited double sided board with the 6th player  side. we also need more god cards for the 6th player...
@fenring keep in mind that the extra clan does not allow you to play with 5 players (as stated in the update)...
extra lovee is extra clan on next sg. no 30bucks needed ;-)
so we passed 1337% founding & 666.000 - and no little bonus ;)
hey, i just noticed...we're at 1337% funded. i'd say that deserved some extra special love from cmon ;-)
@rudolfo wrong dream man! http://www.heiligdom.com/images/donar.jpg
@kelmantor i was one! i just really wanted my shaman collection complete! now im being selfish and dreaming about gigantic wolves...
@rudolfo & everyone - feel free to copy paste when the inevitable shaman questions build up :-)
it´s funny to think that 2 days ago some people were questioning whether we would get to 600k and achieve all 4 shaman stretch goals... we´re almost 10k past that with 36+ hours to go..
@kelmantor snap! but yours is a direct quote, so hopefully will assail people's concerns more fully!
thiago has already stated that the missing shaman situation will be resolved by the end of the campaign.
we´re building up a nice troll-buffer on that stretch goal ;-) at least the next stretch goal was uploaded before they went to bed.. pillaging unknown stretch goals would be less exciting..
bloody hell, i have backed conan and that was meant to be it, then this came along and with the ks content it just got to good resist. i am so skint!!!! :-)
direct quote from @thiago-cmon in update #25 comments: "the missing shamans situation will be resolved before the campaign is done. never fear."  i think i will need this for copy-paste...
@john after the campaign is finished you'll be asked to fill out a survey denoting where you would like to spend your extra money.
i updated my pledge to 105.00 to get the 5th player expansion how is that communicated to the sponsor?  thank you
we're one update behind anyway... the bear-shamaan/seer is still "locked" on the home page.
that's the speculation. will they be sg's? will they be added to the clans later on? we really won't know until at least $710k or an official word.
any chance of us getting a boar & ram shaman?
looking at the stretch goals i notice a lack of boar and ram shaman/seer/whatever then will be called in the final game. how will these clans represent their shamans/seers?
funny thing about the sg's is that we already know what to expect up to $710k. so hopefully within the next 6-8 hours there will be a big push to see beyond the wildboar clan.
@dimos: i don't expect, that they won't send you the artbook, if you pledge 25$ only. but you definitely should still ask this via "contact me" & thiago aranha - cmon coolminiornot says "optional purchases" and nowhere is a limitation stated, that you need to buy the game. but in a lot of other ks it's not possible to buy add-on stuff only and here only a game pledge can be chosen.
i see the goats! ha, ha, ha!
ragnarök it's the time of wolves! fenriswolf! gogogo!
@schwarts i love the chariot paint drawing, the better part is that fits the shadow xdddddddddddd
@schwartz i know you love your goats, but seriously, mystical flying goat abilities or not, what chance would they have against fenrir?
@rudolfo shame on you for violating me goats! ;-)
let's get that troll  buffer over 10k, so that we can wake up @thiago ;-)
@morten perhaps the model of fenris can be modelled standing on the slaughtered remains of some goats?
@steve nice one i still claim that the shadow depicts a chariot in the bottom graphic of the update: http://schwartzengine.com/bloodrage/chariot.png again this is a very fast sketch ;-)
@javier i certainly hope you are right!
at this pace, when thiago wakes up we will be near the boar sg!!!
i have pledge $130 now. the book looks amazing. odin is calling me to valhalla :)
@thiago it's bear shaman time! surely 7k is enough of a buffer?
just gonna say that i love the comments in here - so much daily fun & yelling for the mighty fenris! ...and goddamn goats ;)
@joe: i have already asked,  but gotten no reply. @kbl: thanks a lot! is that certain?
@dimos, yes, pledge the cost of the book and ask thaigo to confirm - when he awakes
i'm getting a bit worried about the ram shaman/seer .. and i guess next sg is the boar shaman? ;-s
@thomas winkler. why not 3 copies of each? maybe because of fear... you see, i never and nothing sell through e-bay, just used it like buyer…  and because of fear, that 6th clan and 5th and 6th shamans will be not reached :( but… you know, it’s an interesting idea, that could be my first time and good experience… maybe even good experience of losing money: d
@dimos no. just pledge the amount the book costs and you should be fine.
@dimos best to send the creator a message about that.
so, is there anyone who can help me with my question?
666 the number of the beast? is fenris here?
yeah, everything is the best!the game, the minis, the rules, i really like!....but...now, please, where is fenrir? and hel? don't let us without them!!!!!pleeeeeeeaseeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
okay, so that's the 4 basic shamans (seer's, mystics, druids, etc etc lol) unlocked.  and it had to happen when the creators are having a nap. : ) ah well, plenty of time. the wildboars are up soon (45k ish) and then what i wonder?
here's a goat for you: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-f99xbaih3ya/vc2q0ph1l0i/aaaaaaaalps/obp6fcq6okc/s1600/1977277_1514094465500146_7792834324459377813_n.jpg
5k in the troll buffer now, wake up @thiago ;-)
do i have to get the game, i'd i want the artbook?
do i have to get the game, i'd i want the artbook?
just added the artbook to make this go higher!!! lets go for the 6th clan!!!
$666k gotta get an update for that figure!
can you see the shadow of me goat driven chariot, sorry about the fast sketch btw: http://schwartzengine.com/bloodrage/chariot.png ;-)
@andrius why not order 2-3 copies of the game? with the new ks exclusive clan you will get at least 175,- € in germany for the game at ebay (75€ for the game, 25€ for gods of asgard addon, 25€ for shaman addon and 50€ for the exclusive content).
looking to add these for the destroyed lands: https://www.coolminiornot.com/shop/beveled-edge-bases-40mm-lava-flow-5.html
morning :) we still need about 50000.00 and most of people have nothing to order more, so, we still can waiting for decisions of people, who already has made no pledge...
@steve the creoda wolf is just amazing!!!!!!! \m/ o_o' \m/
missed an eb by <> that much!
hopefully this should arrive this month https://www.youtube.com/watch…
the exchange rate could also get worse by the time the pledge manager is made available later on (esp is us increases rates). either way a few % on $55 worth of extra's won't have much of an impact.
@mdk jensen - we're going to blow way beyond 710k, never fear.  looking on track for at least 850-900k.
@pawel : not sure the exchange rate will be more favorable later, the way things have been going lately... agreed, it was a much better deal on back on zombicide s3, but it all depends on when the pledge manager is released, and in any case, even at today's exchange rate, the set and sgs are good value for money.
all is good, but, really, ragnarok without a fenrir would seem odd.
ahhhh 38 hours, 45k to go. it's gonna be brutal!
@madscientist not really. you haven't taken into account euro/dollar exchange rate. for eu some people (myself included) may wait and hope that during pledge manager exchange rate will be more favorable.
to raise the pledge to the fullest extent, but without being deceptive.  everyone should bring their pledge to the true total cost. which means $75 dollars + $30 if your getting 5th player expansion + $25 if your getting the art book. this means that each backer will be showing their true worth, not just $75. best of all it's totally legit as you just paying in advance what you would have to pay up for latter in the pledge manager.
or this: http://www.coolminiornot.com/shop/miniatures/avatars-of-war/dire-wolf.html
@ravenwing glad im not the only one that took the full dive ;)  ... in my head i'm getting the 2nd one as a gift, i'm pretty sure it's gonna end up as som kind of skirmish battle army \m/
can someone buy just the artbook?
i went for the book as well. it's hardcover and the samples of what it will looks like inside looked good. it will include all of the art, including artwork that was not used.
i know it's not ideal, but: http://www.beastsofwar.com/fantasy-wargaming/lupine-banebeast-maelstrom-games/
i am at 205.  2 x basic pledge plus the book and the 5th player expansion.
as has been stated before, this game had 80% of it completed before the ks started. so the additional content was probably there, but how much could really be added to a board game like this? hopefully a few extra things towards the end. here's to wishing! and another $50k....
@ derek: i did not mean to sound negative. (or ridicule anyone). i appolagise if i did. (know that my english is also verry crappy, so i may not always sound as i want to) i know a thing or two about the norse mythos. but mainly from a fantasy angle, rather  than a historical background.  what i meant is: it's a board game. it's a fantasy thing, not a re-enactment of true stuff. so just let your imagination run wild and let the wolfman be whatever you want if that makes you happy. (helps for me!)  on the other hand: if we could unlock an extra mini-add-on with a giant wolf... i'm in!!!
i upgraded my pledge to 105$. need this 5 player addon. it's a very cool kickstarter project for me. ty cmon
@alan dannatt this is not unsusal. nearly all german boardgames are for 4 player only and you have to pay for a 5-x player addon.
paying to add a 5th player, i can't be the only one who raised an eyebrow
@derek you're right that sea serpent is probably jörmungandr, dang it, not thrilled, but here's hoping for a great fenrir! if not look me up i'll make one! lol!
@arnaud - no need for condescension my good fellow.  we all are here to back a fine looking game which is unlikely to complete anyone's existence.  don't begrudge some of us wanting the last bits to make this a true ragnarok to remember :)
@ arnaud  old norse had the cognate varúlfur, but because of the high importance of werewulves in norse mythology, there were alternative terms such as ulfhéðinn ("one in wolf-skin", referring still to the totemistic/cultic adoption of wolf-nature rather than the superstitious belief in actual shape-shifting). in modern scandinavian also kveldulf "evening-wolf", presumably after the name of kveldulf bjalfason, a historical berserker of the 9th century who figures in the icelandic sagas
@derek - ok, but he's the child of two gods that look like humans... so i can see him being half wolf half man. so if you need a fenrir-mini to be happy in life, there's your chance!! :-)
@lindon: just add the money for a second full game to your pledge. you can order a second copy of the game with all stretch goals in the pledge manager after the campaign. an addon would make this possibility more visible for all of course.
@derek @arnaud if those are supposed to be fenrir and jormungandr they must be reading some way different viking lore than i am, they respectively kill odin and thor they are much bigger characters than this sculpts represent
if you don't have the add-on ram clan, you won't be able to have a 5 player game. you will be stuck with a 4 player, base game limit. and when it comes out on retail, the ram clan add-on will not have the 3 bonus monsters it comes with on ks .
@arnaud - hmm i hope not.  i'm no expert but i've never encountered fenrir being represented as a werewolf.  he's always a giant wolf.
@joshua - i think the sea serpent is meant to represent jörmungandr.  i of course would have preferred a jörmungandr that wrapped around the entire board... ;)
lot of people asking for fenrir... there's a wolfman as a ks-exclusive. that's fenrir dudes!
fenrir omg spell check
had to throw down the full amount for this one.  come on stretch goals!
fenris not ferris lol
@derek that's been me for a week now no ferris no jörmungandr no ragnarok
@thomas & joshua - i hope so.  i know kss tend to power on in the last 2 days however as this one doesn't have lots of add-ons i'm a little wary.  very happy with what we have although as many have said, a ragnarok without fenrir would be a real shame.
2.5k in the troll buffer! gimme them goats and the chariot for the finished sculpt of the wielder of mjölnir! ;-)
i still don't se why so many are against add-ons, i could understand if they were exclusives but none exclusives that just seems like something that shouldn't be a problem with.
+1 lindon paxton
you need to update the front pic "pillaging rewards" with everything unlocked so far, guys. and you need to give us a fenrir add-on to reach the wildboars ¡
brendan, if you want doubles of the monsters you can just pledge for another game.
@ariakas agree with @kelly there from earlier experience it seems like you'll get a second chance to pledge more after the ks is ended :-)
how about an add-on of additional game for $70 (same as eb). this would encourage more backers to go for a second or more copies. this would also enable me to have the 5th player (use god's gift cards from the second copy). also where is fenris? would make a good last monster as an add-on.
thomas, i agree. the boar clan will be ours :) what is after that is the interesting part.
@derek sykes amen to that brother! but we'll hit the boar clan pretty sure
we must hit also 750k for the ram clan shamans xd
@derek sykes we will hit that sg for sure. i say we will hit at least one more after that.
@ariakas - if you pledge even $1, you are a backer. backers receive the invite to pledge managers. at least that has been the case for all projects that i have pledged $1 for up to this point.
@pressureman: thanks alot. maybe i will have to take my chances then...
@kal. yeah the crone is awesome!! that sculp really nails the whole volve/seer feel and look,  if only cmon would remake the others in the same style. one can dream....
kicktraq estimates we won't hit the wildboar stretch goal.  something like a children of loki add-on would kick this into gear.
add on monsters, i want me some multiples!!
@ariakas - thats usually the way with cmon kickstarters, but i haven't heard it definitely confirmed on this one yet.
please don't let @thiago go for the 10k buffer, please don't let @thiago go for the... :)
troll buffer overflow - troll buffer overflow!
what do you reckon?  850k? 900? the magic million?    give us a must-buy add-on and we'll make it!!!
$661,375 and counting? :come'an, valhalla here we come! ;)
hello everyone! surely this has been asked and answered before, but since i can't find anything - can you please tell me if a 1 $ pledge will entitle me access to the pledge manager that is to come some time later? everything is a bit... tight at the moment.
by mjölnir! @thiago, wake up and bring them goats! ;-)
as i say : we need a bunch of valkyrie
@thaigo wake up, sleep is for the weak.
thanks all.  you guys are actually more responsive than cmon :) @kbl, well, there is a woman shaman (a crone really), but she belongs to the raven clan instead of the serpent clan.  how odd. in general, i agree with you. too many burly men. if i didn't know better, i would have thought this is a game of 300 :)
fører = finer. stupid autocorrect
even fører would be if the shaman sculps got remodeled to be women and not yet another burly boring men.
omg @thiago, of all the moments to fall asleep behind your computer...by odin!!
dang look at it go we'll be at 710k soon, them boars is fine, but a wolf and world serpent would be finer still...
gimme gimme me goats af midnight! ;-)
thinking of the predator like helmets ;-) nicely designed, cudos to that :-)
sorry $30
just add that $40. onwards to the next sg
question is will the be a veil of loki armour card that renders the boar clan invisible?! ;-)
@kal just add 30$ to your pladge.
don't add shipping, just add 30.
definitely add the $30 now :)
@kal yup just add 30
great helmets on them boar fighters, almost predator like! ;-)
i see an optional buy for 5th army, does anyone know if i should just add $30 to my pledge? i mailed cmon, but i didn't get a response.  and do we include the estimated postage in our pledge?
great ks met, i hope to see the chariot arriving! ;-)
boar clan for free? this is great! i've been waiting for them all along. and now they're a sg. thank you! =)
great timing, good morning all :).
yeah $660k! bring on the boars and the big bad giant wolf! ;-)
660k! update!
@theschwartz  of course the have ;-)
what about ram and boar shaman?
+1 on that "wulfie"
goddammit now i pledged for2 sets the book & 5th player *sigh* how did that happen - now give us wulfie (... no goats ;)
of course not @thomes - they have to finish the goat steed driven chariot of the unfinished thor sculpt! ;-)
cmon never sleeps ;-)
so close! bring them goats! ;-)
660k here we come! @belisarius oh yea i agree i'm probably gonna get all game play add ons and double up on this one!  i knew they'd finish this strong looking forward to what's next(broken record...fenris,jörmungandr)
i wonder if anyone´s awake at cmon? - we´re about to pillage another stretch goal! :-)
i had my doubts once about this campaign and the meh exclusives, but now gotta say it out loud: i was wrong! gj cmon gj :d
it has been said. this ks is for the english version of the game only.
woooow... boar clan sg is the best sg i ever see that any ks game give ti his bakers. now is the time for an add on... the 5th player shaman a lot of 5 big monsters with some voluptuous female the end of this ks will be great
@joshua - the add-on ram clan is definitely worth is because only the add-on clan allows you to have a 5 player game because it has the required cards. the standard game, even with the boars, only allows you to play with 4 people @ maxo, i think the human sculpts are 28mm, maybe 32mm. there are good examples of that scale on the conan kickstarter pages
@thiago@cmon sorry but i have asked one week ago if it will be possible to choose the language of the game during the survey?
not for a couple of weeks no. cheers. good to know. viking wargaming army here i come.
@maxo_q: did you take a look at story -faq?
did i read that right? the boar clan is a sg? wow they look great! the best clan yet the detail is amazing must be the original sculpt artist. i might have to max add ons and double up on this game! still holding out hope for fenris and and his bro the world serpent that would seal the deal!
are there any scale pics rocking around so i can get an idea of size of the models.
come on, 660k *
yes, yes! 660k before i need to head out to work and slay some dragons. :p
no problem, have a good night.
no problem, have a good night.
+1 thanks! may thor's goats guide us to the boar clan while i slumber!
it will be a couple of months before they open up their pm and then you will have over a month to finalise your pledge.
@kevin and snon thanks for the info! i just needed to know if i'd have time to let my next check cover shipping.
40 hours left.
@sebastion, the way that coolminiornot does shipping is not necessarily how other campaigns handle shipping. it is always a good idea to check in and make certain of how they're doing things. also, i don't know for sure about the late backers campaign for this game. i just know that two previous games of theirs that i have backed have had them.
thanks for the answers.
@sebastion, cmon will send out a pledge manager in the form of a link which you can use to specify how you want your money allocated and even add to your purchase. at that time, the shipping cost of your order will be calculated and charged. it is usually the custom of coolminiornot to run an additional "late backer" campaign afterwards for 4-6 weeks and to send the pledge manager later on. as an example, rum & bones' campaign ended on the 28th of december, the late backers campaign lasted until around the end of january, and the pledge manager came around the first week of march.
@sebastian: according to story - shipping information? "we will collect this via our pledge manager after the campaign ends." so it will take some time, because first they have to "install" the pledge manager. also a lot of comments suggests that the pledge manager will be usable to "upgrade" your peldge. so it's pretty likely, that coolminiornot will collect shipping some time later also.
as this is my first ks i was wondering when i have to pay shipping? is it immediately after the ks or months later?
considering the ram expansion was $30 i'd say the boar expansion is pretty decent fluff, indeed!
@bruce. cmon have their own pledge manager to sort you out latter. first they will do the standard ks survey and ask for rough numbers of each item, and then latter in a couple of months will send out the invites to their pm where you can add to as well.
@snon, it may be fluff but it's cool fluff. i'm hanging for an extra add on...
@bruce, you just add whatever else you intend to get, $30 for the ram expansion, $25 for the book, another $75 for another core set....
@coolminiornot: at least you should add to each clan some unique ability, so it would make sense in-game to swap one of the old clans with the boars. right now -beside very nice figures- the boar stretch goal is totally fluff and does not add any really useful to the game.
is there a way to manage your over-pledge for the optional buys right now, or does that come after the campaign is over?  if i 'manage" my pledge now, it only lists the $75 core.  just curious.  thanks
ment to type 4,000 of us that haven't jumped in on the 5 player expansion.
i estimate that there are around 3000 of us that haven't jumped in on the 5 player expansion. i am currently one of them. i should changed that before the end.
don't be afraid the @wriggler. i was in on rivet wars, they used the same shipping model. i guess it's going to be as stated under shipping on the story page :-) itm! still miss ne goats in the unfinished thor sculpt, but hey even more value at 710k ;-)
@xipe totec. i'm a little afraid of the shipping too. missed out on rum and bones:(
@xipe at the bottom of the story tab is the shipping information. they have regional hubs and it sounds like the pay for part of the distribution process, result is very cheap postage, even in australia.
hmm, someone was saying that they ended up charging double the estimates for that game. glad to know that wasn't the case for everyone, at least!
@popenx, its already amazing. sweet dreams(probably of goats).
@xipe totec. the full load of 'rum and bones" was $20 to australia
mind the one thing i am a bit worried about is getting hit with a whopping shipping charge afterwards
yeah, adding postage now makes us reach stretch goals that aren't really getting paid for.
ok i gotta sleep. got to get up to go to work in 6hrs.  oh and the wriggler i'm up in canada and ya i'm not worried at all. this is, and is going to be, amazing. for the glory and good night.
@madscientist, we've explicitly been told not to add shipping fees as it complicates things afterwards. what you're suggesting has been mentioned before
@popenx, just us australians awake at the moment. it will pick upup for sure :)
we'll hit the next two goals easily, so really we just need to know what the stretch goal after the boar clan is, greedy i know ;)
i just added the book. it's hard cover and the art does look great. there ares are examples of what it will look like inside which is more than we got for the conan art book.
to raise the pledge to the fullest extent, but without being deceptive.  everyone should bring their pledge to the true total cost. which means $75 dollars + $30 if your getting 5th player expansion + postage cost. this means that each backer will be worth over $105 (instead of just $75) if they are getting base game and expansion. best of all it's totally legit as you just paying in advance what you would have to pay up latter anyway.
wild boar clan looks great btw. i especially like the warrior with the 2 axes.
forget i said anything about the shaman name just leave it as is.
ya the kicktraq projection is just because the numbers have slowed a bit. they'll be up and running again soon. the wildboars will be ours along with all the shaman/mystic/seers. i'm not a fan of seer unless it's battle seer.
if we don't reach the wildboar clan stretch goal will this be offered as an optional buy? i would really love the option to play as these guys!
@deathwarden - were they private messages to cmon? i don't see that you asked any questions about the art book in the comments.
* boars, stupid phone lol
bear shaman won't be long now. can't wait to see them little piggies tomorrow. i smell warrior bacon!!
don't worry, well get the board and beyond, 800k+
@deathwarden & michael:  thanks for the responses!
@daniel - i've seen it happen, but i wouldn't count on it.
@deathwarden: what questions do you have about the artbook? i can try to answer them.
may the schwartz be with you.
@daniel, no, not traditionally
@rudolfo, we'll make it. just keep looking for places to get the word out. don't worry, we got this! if you have to, wake up the schwartz, maybe we can have a goat pep rally and get everyone fired back up. :d
yep, i've asked several questions about the art book without a single response from cmon.  i guess i won't be ordering one.
in a few hours people in europe will be getting up and receiving their 48 hours reminders
@rudolfo da fonseca. don't believe kicktraq.
@michael or the art book. if everyone pledged for either of the add ons we would have the boar clan by now.
there are still a fair amount of backers not pledging for the expansion. otherwise, we'd be over $720k.
can an increase of funds from the pledge manager affect the sg?
@lester tan: yes, there will.
will there be a pledge manager for us to add on the amount later on after this ks end?
kicktraq showing we're only going to reach $695 :( no boars for us unless business really picks up! hope it's an optional add-on if we miss it!
kicktraq showing we're only going to reach $695 :( no boars for us unless business really picks up! hope it's an optional add-on if we miss it!
*really
@gabriel thiago has said that the other clans will be looked after as far as shaman. still not clear if they'll be sg or automatically included, but i've got a feeling they'll be looking after us. take the opportunity to thank cmon and the team, think the way this ks has been handled is fantastic, and even though some are complaining there are not enough optional purchases, i'm very happy we're getting what amounts to three expansions (gods, shaman, boars) included as sg instead of being charged for them. i will be getting the 5th player expansion too, i rally want the last shaman (well third last - we will see!) and the boars. beyond that i hope fenrir makes his appearance, and i'm completely satisfied. if we get more sg beyond him, that would be amazing!
@gabriel, yes, they have a plan
*boars
will we see shamans for the board and rams?
i love these boars!
@bruce both! i'm leaning towards going the boar clan in my games, think the art and minis look very, very metal!
@johnny hopefully we'll finish off with a big, bad giant wolf. would round off my kickstarter experience with this project beautifully. the boar clan is amazing, and having a wolf to play with would be awesome.
any speculation on what, if any, final add on might be?
the art on the cards too is pretty different
@simon, nope, all the clans play the same. apparently lang tried to make the clans have special abilities but it unbalanced the gameplay.
the colors of the bases you attach to them
are there any differences between the 4 clans aside from the look of the miniatures?
@rudolfo not sure if that was a rousing decree for current and future backers or a dig at the bear shamans' hygiene but i'm with ya either way!
i have a feeling they're going to do something different with the ram and boar shaman. maybe just give them away at the end or perhaps a small paid add-on, but there really hasn't been much money grabbing going on so far.
so close to the bear shaman i can smell him! let's do this guys!
@brendan dixon - same here! i'd love to get a second set of all the giants and trolls.
so after the next shaman, we have the wildboar clan, then 1 more shaman for the wildboar and ram clan? if cmon holds steady to the uptick in sg, that would mean $810k for the last 2 shaman. that's if there are more shaman and if they increase by $50k. i think they can do it and we can make it, but i'd like a little buffer. one more add-on wouldn't hurt...
to all those that keep asking, direct quote from @thiago-cmon in update #25 comments: "the missing shamans situation will be resolved before the campaign is done. never fear." :-)
wow, that's a lot! lol, i was just going to buy a few extra for gifts! my brothers are really big into board games and this one looks epic!
@emily: no, there's not really a limit.
half way!
@emily - not that i'm aware of, but i did read someone post there is a $10k max for ks. :)
sorry for another question, is there a limit on how many copies of the game a person can purchase, or a limit on the add ons? thanks.
where do the majority of backers come from? is it within the usa, or europe?
@brandon raasch, that's the spirit! let people know we're here, drag ' em over here and tell them why they need this game!
i love when i go to bed positive i'll wake up to an sg being unlocked.
so will there be shamans for the boar and ram clans?
ok thanks everyone. love this game already!
@emily: just double your early bird.
@emily - eb backers will pay $70 per copy.
if i have an early bird pledge and i want two games, do i double the $70 or is the second game $75?
since this game appears to be a great success, have the developers said if they have plans to make it more than a one-shot? will there be ongoing expansions?
@xipe thanks! =)
44 hours to go! lets get the wildboar clan! i'm headed to twitter wight now!
@tyler, i think so, especially as the viking theme seems to be making this a generally popular game.
other future expansion ideas for after launch: -skald expansion:  adding skalds(bards) to each clan as support -board expansion:  adding a new board that would allow more players beyond 5. -new optional clans for expansion board: stag, horse, hawk, shark
do you guys think the boar clan exclusive would raise the resale value enough to warrant a second core game purchase with intent to sell?
seriously needing that boar clan. it might just be what pulls me away from the wolf clan. o.o so brutal. so metal.
@xipe tote .  in regards to your comment about the gods being on our side, they are...they were unlocked before the shamans. lol
@ken nice an idea as that is i can't see myself doing that. if they have any additional add-ons i'd probably go for it. considering that art book. but i'd get no use out of an additional core game xp
unused norse creatures available to use in expansions after launch. -giants: storm giants, sea giants, stone giants -undead: einherjar(blessed dead from valhalla), druagr(wrathful dead), ghosts, wisps -sea monsters: kraken, margygr(merfolk) -dragons: lindworms(winged venomous serpent), wurms(horned serpent), fire-drakes -elemental spirits: huldra(forest woman), nix(river spirit), wight(land spirit) -fair folk: kobold, tomte, nisse (various goblins,brownies, & sprites) -niflheim: niflungar(mist folk) -muspelheim: muspellsmegir(fire folk), rjufendr(destroyers or demons) -other: bearman(werebear version of wolfman), light elves, norns
i just doubled my pledge for a second box game. hopefully if enough of us do this we'll get to the boar clan.
@thiago, they've said they have plans, but that's all we know
any words about the shamans (ru whatever they gonna call it) of the two extra clans?
i'd be all over a paid add on for an extra mystic troll, mountain giant or wolfman, regardless if i could use them in game or not.
hopefully, when we get $660k, we'll get an update with the final choice for the shaman's name, an explanation of what's going on with boar and ram shamans, and a new sg for after boars.  (and maybe an announcement that all monsters/shamans will have the norse name as a subtitle!)
@necronuke, just look at those guys! they need to have "wild" in their name!
@rich - they said they are more concerned about the game being accessible to non lore experts. using obscure, but more accurate names, names isn't their goal. but we can call them whatever we want while playing the game so it's all good. ^_^ +1 fenris
fenris time
@rich - the shamans are more like a volva than a godi.
the correct term for a norse priest is godi.  not shaman, seer, or mystic.
so does anyone think the next sg after the boars might be the ram and boar shaman? or maybe that they'll be a small extra paid add-on?
i also hope that they provide the rams and boars with shamans if we reach the goal.
i'm hoping we'll have the 4th shaman by the time i get up, but then to be fair that's only in 5hrs time and i haven't actually gone to bed yet lol
this isn't important but would it be simpler to call them boar clan instead of wildboar?  i don't think there is a difference.  it would be like saying wildbear instead of bear.  just knit-picking.
i am hoping that we reach the wildboar clan stretch goal and beyond.
i expect we'll have the 4th set of shamans by the time i get up tomorrow.  maybe even the boars.  should have at least one new update to read.
in the past hour 53 new backers at an average of $99 each nice.
thiago. just post an update saying they shamans will get sorted out. that's like the 100th comment on it buddy.
hopefully things are on course for $800k - $900k here so with a bit of luck we'll get the boar clan and another 1 or 2 stretch goals after that, maybe 3 if the gods are on our side  ;)
@logan - thiago keeps saying it will work out.
would like to know if shamans for the ram clan are also going to be a stretch goal, or an additional stretch goal? i am just hoping to see the shamans for ram and boar very soon as time is running out.
boar clan looks awesome
finally jumped in... ks and games are gonna bankrupt me.... i went a little overboard on conan...
@thiago - when we hit the $660k sg will a new sg be revealed? :)
@belisarius: the additional figures will probably come in their own pack.
many thanks, but i meant if the kickstarer ram add-on has additional ks only figures, does that mean the ks ram add-on will have a different box (than the retail box) to accommodate the additional figures.
@paul thanks!
@belisarius: the exclusive monsters won't be part of the retail 5th player expansion box.
@marco - i saw in the update comments that thiago said the fifth and sixth clan shamans would be revealed by the end of the campaign.
will the wildboars get shaman as well? i flipped through the comments but didn't see an answer
welcome new backers thanks for joining!
where the wildboar things are!
ah, i guess that's what it must've been, although i did kind of still expect the email as a reminder. i'm sure there are people who aren't quite sure exactly what they want and pledge a nominal amount early on then decide near the end.
man the backer are coming in. this is great!
there is a "remind me" option that sends you the email.
only if you didn't pledge.
@belisarius my guess is we get the famous cmon brown box for those monsters.
when exactly do these '48hr' emails go out? i expected to get one on 48hrs but didn't, or do they only go out to those who haven't actually pledged already? originally i did 'star' the project, it's still there in my list.
@thaigo the ram clan add-on will be in retail, but it comes with 3 exclusive monsters. is the ram add-on boxed differently to include the ks exclusive monsters.
backnarok is upon us for the glory! and the boars:)
this game has become an absolute steal at $75 when you include the boar clan, and i assume most folks are adding the add-on since they'll have five clans regardless so might as well get the cards to make 5p possible.
the fact that we're averaging $90 per pledge rather than $82-83 like we've been all week isn't hurting either.
i'm guessing tomorrow will be a $75k+ day.
already at $45k for the day.  two more days of that and we'll have boars.
i think tomorrow is gonna be crazy.  everyone responding to their reminders and trying to get through monday at work by watching the campaign explode.
andres. people are getting their notifications. it will be a good uphill from here
@popenx just watch youtube videos on miniatures painting, and paint reviews. popular paints are vallejo model color (i think are best overall) vallejo game color, citadel and army painter. to paint there are different systems and most use a base paint, then paint shades (like three shades of blue to complete a blue jacket) and dark washes (and inks) to fill in the cracks and details, and then a mat varnish to protect the minature
then again based on the backer count, maybe not.....
have we really jumped almost 20k? i smell a troll
@agreave, understandable, just trying to make you see some of the great value we're getting!
just checking in after being away most of the day.  happy to see i was a bit off with my guess for a $700k sg being the boar clan being an add-on and that we're just getting it added!  any speculation that the $660k sg will bring the ram and boar shamans with it?
@renato, well if your happy! for me 'meh', but each to their own ;)
@popenx,  yea when this group can actually agree on things and have friendly conversations, they can be a good group! ;)
in the comment section for update # 25 thiago aranha - cmon said, "the missing shamans situation will be resolved before the campaign is done. never fear."
thanks for all the advice guys. once again great group here.
question: what about the 5th player shamans? will the $710 extra clan not have shamans?
@popenx, if you get reaper 'bones' series minis they are the same material as these so excellent to get your 'eye in' so to speak. i favour vallejo paints and gw inks with army painter varnish. brush wise i always go sable.
@popenx, depending on the type of plastic and the brand of paint you use, most miniature paints come right off in one solvent or another without any damage to the plastic itself.  so even if you do mess up, it's not a big deal.  just don't forget to use primer!  personally, i'm just planning on 'washing' them with some quickshade to give them some extra detail so they don't get washed out by the lights over my table. http://usshop.thearmypainter.com/products.php…
@agreave, let's low ball it here and say that the two expansions (god & shaman) were going to be $15 each. i'm guessing retail you could find them at $10 each. you're saving $20, getting nice exclusives (even though they are just a few) and the expansions at the same time as the base game (which with cmon you never know when the expansions will be made available at retail or if they'll be limited runs ie zombie dogs for zombicide). that's pretty good in my book.
@bitfrosting - ninjad by frosting! (；一_一)
any official word on war paint yet?
@popen i'm in no way a pro painter but the little skill i have came from waiting tons of youtube tutorials and a lot of patience. as for practice figures id say use whatever you have around - green army men, heroclix, monopoly pieces lol.
@popenx - reaper miniatures has some wonderful "learn to paint" kits that come with paint, a brush, a paint case, a couple of minis and excellent painting guides. they're definitely worth a look. i love using reaper paints but i use stuff from everywhere.
@renato, but they are not in any way exclusive and i wonder at the retail price (probably discounted) that they will be when released. as for a discount.......er......where is that exactly? the $30 add on?
@yermom, boar tribe won't allow for 6 players except for house rules.  and all clans should have shaman they just haven't told us how we'll unlock them yet.
@popenx check out reaper bones learn to paint kit on amazon.
i couldn't disagree more. this has been a fun kickstarter with a lot of terrific (and unique) figures that i will enjoy using for this game and others. thankfully, they didn't try to squeeze us for every last copper. they only asked us to give the project a little time to build up the game content. they're getting a lot of backers with this ks model and they deserve it.
so will all the tribes have a shaman? or only three? also will the boar tribe allow for six players?
got a question for the mini painters. i'd like to paint these but without the experience i'm afraid i'd ruin them. whats a good way to start? are there starter sets or just cheap minis to practice on?
@agreave, we get exclusives and a discount here. both the gods and the shamen were supposed to be add-ons remember?
exclusives are the reward for our investment in the game 'start-up' (this being more of a pre sale the point is a bit mute!) and as such is the reason to put your money up (or one hell of a discount-and that no longer happens as most are retail price) in the first place, or await retail. in this ks we have three monsters and some tokens plus the add ons (frankly 'meh') and the purely exclusive boars-if we get them. my opinion is that this ks, although successful, has been underwhelming and dull-only the cross over factor has kept me here as i would love the monsters for conan! rant over :)
@thiago: so its late here in germany, going to bed. please think about the crossover. for just some new rules and some printed cheap cardboard with the art that adrian already made for the conan norse expansion this is a no-brainer for me. if monolith is really a befriended company and allows to use this art its a win for everyone. win for cmon because of increase in backers after update of monolith in the last 48 hours, win for monolith because of increased pm pledges at norse expansion and the norse miniature addons, win for gamers because there is an optional addon for using the minis of two games in both games. nothing less than awesome, especially because adrian did all the art for both games and the style of the whole thing is fitting each other perfectly.
ok got the ok to pledge a 2nd copy. as for me i like exclusives if they don't change game play so the boar clan will be great.
mikademus :-d
@johnathan dude, you're a gs backer, too! yeah!! back to this, i agree, and this is my first time dealing with cmon too. amid mixed reviews from others, i don't have any quarrels. i have questions and i've my own observations, but on the other hand i'll be keeping an eye on these guys, and eric lang and guillotine games and studio mcvey as well. i've had a lot of fun here and i want this game to really succeed for myself as much as for everyone else. @thiago, that's why i keep hassling you guys about social media and image updates. there are thousands of people out there looking to spend money on something and i'm trying to help them look over here because i think this games going to be a hell of a lot of fun, it looks freaking amazing with all the miniatures, and look at all the amazing people hanging out here. like skazz and don and mikademus! that dude's like an encyclopedia!
@keegan elgin but without the extra cards every card would be in circulation each round. sometimes the real fun comes from finding out that some card you were worried about didn't get dealt to anyone.
henrik, i like how you're thinking! we should make a rules variant together and post on bgg :d even before the game is released!
if you are buying the game, it makes sense to buy the add-on ram clan expansion so you have the flexibility of having a 5 player game. the base game only supports 4 players.
@keegan extra cards are included in the ram clan 5th player expansion so that you will have enough cards to play with 5.
looking at it... at the start, you draw 8 cards and discard 2 of them. 99 cards initially, for 3 ages. 33 cards each phase.  one extra monster for each age, 34. extra age 1 and 3 monsters, wolfman age 2 so 35. shaman upgrade cards is 37 cards. (i presume it's one upgrade card per age) to keep the draw 8 rule with 5 players we need 3 more cards for each age. or you could just draw 7 and discard 1. or just get 3 more cards for each age (9 total) i know the cards aren't/wouldn't be as fun as quests and other boosts if they're just move monsters, but it's still doable.
loving this kickstarter,huge fan of adrian,the art is great & so are the miniatures! roll on september & hail the allfather! now where is that mead i need a drink!
@ mikademus, good suggestion! another could be that they're only playable with god expansion, players could use them to force gods to move, maybe? or maybe that they just neutralize any big beasties played by other players, but does not add any strength to the one who played it, just to represent that it is not controlled in any way?? endless possibilities exists :-)
thiago, i just wish the lesson cmon learned was that exclusive sgs aren't needed, only a good game and great value for money for ks-backers. but i am afraid the modus operandi of using exclusives to drive campaign-sales on the expense of retail sales is too fixed by now :(
@belisarius: this could drag some more backers from conan over here if monolith would post an update about such a crossover. in addition they would sell their norse expansion much better at pm. @thiago: is this something to think about?
@agwain & cmon - i agree - as conan had 16,000 backers, i think a cross over add-on would, at the very least, get a buy from most of the conan backers here.
@johnathan +everything
@johnathan sergeant: wow, thanks for that, johnathan. i'll make sure the rest of the team reads your encouraging words.
@thiago aranha - cmon  will there be a shaman for the ram clan and one for the boar clan if we get to unlock the stretch goal ?   sorry if this has already been asked and answered.  thanks
the wildboar clan needs a special ability. something like "automatic victory for being the best clan". might be just a tad op though.
@cmon- super dungeon explore was one of the first modern board games i played and helped to open my eyes to what was out there. not just mine, either. i shared it with several friends! nevertheless i had watched cmon kickstarters come and go not because of content but because of they seemed centered around feeding people's impulse to buy the shiny new minis. over time i have come to a more balanced perspective about the miniatures market and understand how unique sculpts can drive a campaign. my first impression of cmon was that it might be a bridge between the mostly divided nation of tabletop enthusiasts, wargamers and and board gamers. i still believe that's viable. hopefully my pledge is proof. i don't think i'm alone in saying that this is the first time i have supported a kickstarter of yours, and it's a direct result of the different sales strategy you have taken with blood rage. there are still new gamers waiting to support cmon and this campaign was the step in the right direction i was looking for. further, eric lang is an exciting designer and is working to fix contemporary problems with strategy games such as downtime and ganging up on the weakest player. not just any problems, those directly related to fun. he's forward thinking and focused on improving the genre and by extension the hobby. innovative designers like lang broaden the audience for all of us. forward thinking companies who listen to their fans do too. so thanks, guys, for this project. i'm glad to be a part. i love the minis, as always. but i also see a great game here, and a great company behind it. cool mini, or not.
@coralline algae: born to be wildboar!
@thiago @narja - so heavy! these guys deserve their own theme music! @donnbobhardy - don't worry man. the rest of us appreciate all the help you give us. thiago should make you an honorary shaman. ^_^
boar is by far my favourite sculpts
other clans play. wildboar clan kills!
@simone and henrik: totally agree, perhaps they (fenris et al) could turn up as disasters or special magic (perhaps summonings the mystics/seers/shamans could invoke?) rather than draftable units. that would be thematically perfect: sudden destruction by unstoppable god-monsters!
totally agree with coralline algae : wildboar clan rules the world *-*
@coralline algae: wildboar clan is pure heavy metal!
the wildboar clan rocks!
@john mcmillen: i would be happy already if they would bring out cards and rules for integrating the conan norse monsters and valkyries. this way even more backers of conan would buy the norse expansion at the pm and cmon could pay back their debt at monolith games. i doubt i'm the only one that came over here from conan and the monolith crossover to blood rage.  your suggestion is over the top of course, cards + dashboards i'm allowed to dream. :-)
rabble rabble!  bases for shamen! rabble rabble! shamen for boars and rams! rabble rabble rabble! i'm so excited for this game :)
@gawain_77 i'd be up for a conan expansion with an alternate deck and player dashboards.
i'm really loving that royal people for the wildboars!
@ mikademus, yep thats basically true, it wouldn't be fenris as such, but the sagas have also, garm, månegarm, skoll and hate. all wolf monsters running berserk at the time of ragnarök (some of them could be mixed up with fenris too, the norse myth is pretty jumbled that way) what i'm trying to say is that a giant slavering wolf monster is intrinsic to the flavour of the end of time. imho ;-) and as simone says fenris is fenris!!! :-d
@steven not jet, maybe with a 750k sg
will the ram and boars have shaman figures too?
@john mcmillen: right time for an addon, don't you think so? monolith already did it vice versa by integrating a fifth free campaign with the blood rage miniatures in the norse expansion. @thiago: come on we want an addon with the conan norse expansion monsters for blood rage. monolith did the first move, now its your turn. ;-)
awesome update. will still be getting the expansion and hoping we get the boars too! such brilliant minis!
@gawain_77 the base conan boardgame already comes with enough leaders and various minions to make 4 leader+8 warrior clans. each of the three expansions does as well. the king pledge includes enough undead to make 2 different walking dead clans. now if we just had monster cards so we could use the hyborian monsters here.
@mikademus: ok, you are right, but .... fenris is fenris !!! :d
@henrik dahlberg: "ragnarök without fenris, really viking?!?", just playing the devil's advocate here: fenris and his ilk battled the aesir in ragnarök, each of them even had their destined opponent god and fate. while in this game we play viking tribes leading up to the true ragnarök. so the vikings wouldn't meet fenris and pals until after their glorious deaths, after this game ends, fighting alongside the gods in their final battle.
added the 5th player expansion. i just wanted the flexibility.
currently, i re-pledged for 2 copies and two expansions. not because i want to sell a copy, but as a gift for a friend. while ks specials might not increase market value by much, they do make for an awesome gift!
provided all the current stretch goals unlock and we do get 2 shamen for each clan, i've counted 84 figures not including tokens (i'm also counting the 5th player add-on).  that is an incredible value for $105 dollars just for the figures.... and we're getting an amazing game on top of that!!!  so stoked for this campaign... now lets get that boar clan unlocked!
@john mcmillen, +1
@tyler - i'd guess you could get ~$100-125 for it, but if you want to make money reselling a pledge i think this hasn't enough exclusives..
with the 710k sg i find this ks just awesome value for what we're getting and pretty hard to resist.
@brendan: thiago said they will be intergrated one way or another.
@brendan dixon, only that "there is a plan".
@agreave i agree. the only reason i'd by a 2nd copy is for the mini's to use in other games.
has there been word on shaman for the 5th and 6th clans???
6th clan, and i'm in to join the end of times!
@tyler, not enough ks exclusives here i would say!
@peter: i#m sure there will be houserules but it would be cool if eric lang would come up with some official but optional clan abilities. so each gaming group could play with it for more variety or leave it as it is.
@chris smith: i agree. it lessens the sting for people who discover the game after the ks ends, and they're probably more likely to check out the retail offering instead of completely writing the game off because of it.
is it worth it to buy two copies of a ks version with intent to resale one? what's the average worth of a ks  exclusive copy?
ignore me, actually read the update properly. :-p
@jamie: look at the update, yes it is there in the picture.
the new stretch goal is cool but i wish there were more of a game function for the new clan rather than just for looks. still hoping there will be another cool add-on before the campaign end.
@thiago - i do hope there's 2 large coloured bases in with the boar clan as well as the 11 smaller ones.
the boar stretch goal makes the 5 player add on much more attractive for sure.
no one is forced here to buy the 5th player expansion just to use the boar clan. you can play with the boar clan instead of another clan in the base game with up to 4 players. it adds variety and we don't have to raise our pledges to get it. it is very cool �
just wish the boars were an add on and the p5 bunch were the sg-would make more sense. :)
great getting the boars free :-) so i caved in and pledged for a 2nd copy. and if no giant wolf is to be seen (ragnarök without fenris, really viking?!?) i plan to substitute the mountain giant mini with a sourced big bad wolf monster in games. "ahh-wooooooo"!!
awesome =-), shame for there to be no gameplay extra in it, but i'm quite happy at you making the exclusive content only a visual variation! approved!
was saving my money as expecting to buy the 6th clan, awesome to get them for free - may have to spend it on the art book now instead. unless there's goats :-)
i think we'll be able to play with 6 players if we want to - just add the 5+ cards, and when ragnarok hits don't make it permanent - kill anyone who's there when it happens for the honor, but don't lock the place down; this way you'll have enough room for everyone to fight. should work well enough.
kicktraq says trending to 714k. kicktraq underestimated every cmon campaign i took part in. i'm pretty confident we'll see at least 1 more stretch goal.
clearly some people don't understand that you have to have the expansion to still play with 5 players. the cards come in the expansion...
@donnbob how dare you try to be helpfull to others!? shame on you and your bad manners!! ;p @cmon thought you might like a little inspirational picture to guide you in the way of how a vølve(seer/mystic/whatever) would most likely look like. http://natmus.dk/fileadmin/_migrated/pics/frimaerke-copyright-postverk-foeroya-the-prophet_kan_ikke_blive_stoerre.jpg
@jevr: the art book will contain all the art made for blood rage.
@justin: no, the base game is still 2-4 players, and you need the 5th player expansion in order to play a 5-player game.
@becky, i'm a guy, but i noticed that one immediately. i was in with a couple others who were asking for diversification. oh well, everything looks good, so i want this campaign to be successful,  maybe someone will learn from it.
@miguel: it will be met - have confidence in the mystic power of the last 48 hours.
@miguel - i'm guessing they won't be available anywhere if we don't hit the sg.
and now, we need 4 more shamans ... i want a commplete game not a half game ...
all is ok, but sadly, that there is no way to play with 6clans... that there is no alternate board for 6 players, that is no system „2 clans vs 2 clans“ or „3 clans vs 3 clans“. sadly, that in time of ragnariok is no fenris and jörmungandr... @cmon, because of that, i hope and i think, that there will be one more expansion, right? at least one..
@justin: no, cards for playing with 5 players are missing.
@thiago are the wildboar clan designs included in the art book?
thiago - if the end result for the 6th clan is not met will it be possible to buy these on later seperatly? ?  i do hope this will not be a convention thing as visiting conventions is not easy for me and there aren't that many in my country ...
@donnbobnardy yeah, i didn't recall them ever doing so. you miss 100% of the shots you don't take though, right?! ;)
@cmon @belisarius: it would indeed be nice if there was more than just a "token female" clan - and serpents at that... it's a bit biblical hate... but the mini's are nice, so i'm taking that one on the chin!
@ vendetta. not gonne lie. i'd buy some arcadia. won't happen, but a nice idea. :)
with the 710 stretch goal is that basically a free 5th player expansion?
throwing an idea out there - a good number of board gamers are female, so any chance of an add-on set of alternate female clean leaders.
updated  with the 5th player expansion
@daniel - you're absolutely right.  i'm sorry i was trying to be helpful.
@vendetta - cmon has never offered previous games as add-ons to current campaigns.
@andres: thiago stated that they have other plans for implementing the missing shamans. so they'll probably don't show up as a sg. but they will show up. @john mcmillen: me too ;-)
@gawain_77 i was already planning to add it when the pledge manager goes live.
@walter - i'm sure someone will come up with a house rule for that.
if we are talking add-ons, how about offering arcadia quest with ks exclusives? based on earlier comments, some would probably appreciate a rum and bones add-on too. ;)
@donn i got it already. i dont need you to re-explain things to me. by the way, its not your job, its thiago's. its really annoying you know. if i need your advices i will call you. thank you.
@john mcmillen thank you for being the voice of reason. peeps gettin crazy in here...
do you think you could still play a 5 player variant where players just have less cards in hand?
what is this 'free stuff' people talk of?
@john mcmillen: if you pledged for conan with norse expansion: there its is - your custom own clan ;-)
love the sg!!!  does this mean we can expect wildboar and ran shamen as sgs?
@andrius: i'm sure it would. but we'd rather be able to give the wildboar clan for free to all backers.
@belisarius  you are absolutely correct. you need to buy the 5 player expansion to have all the cards to be able to play a 5 player game. the new clan is just an alternate choice for those who want to use a different clan. theoretically, anyone can create their own clan by coming up with their own mini's. you just need 1 leader, 8 warriors, 4 clan tokens, and a custom dashboard.
i am in! i have been following the campaing, the shamans got me in, and it would be great to unlock the last sg!
@thiago,  is someone keeping up with image updates on board game geek? i'm pinning links on pinterest and i'm gonna start posting updated on twitter.
so ... in order to get that 710k goal (and on or two more) ... how about allowing miniature painters or table top rpgers to purchase additional copies of certain miniatures (especially the trolls and giants)?
lol :) cmon better to put forward a pledge: if you buy fifth clan, and you get the sixth for free ... i think, there would be more willing to buy ram's and in that way rise bank...
now it's time to let us buy more giants and trolls so we can help get to that sg. (no game play impact just for those that want more of these great mini's)
i'm pretty sure the boars and rams will get shamans.  it's just a question of when and how.
@thiago i'm happy with the claw, but it would be great in keeping with the consistency of the other tokens.
i just hope the boar and ram clans get shamans, too.
the gameplay reason for getting the expansion is to play 5 players; you also get another clan to choose from in your games. it seems odd that getting a sweet ks-exclusive clan (easily my favorite appearance-wise) as a sg means that now the "value" of the expansion has to be increased; some had the same mentality with the king pledge for conan, and it didn't make sense then either.
i want to give you guys my money. help me do so by giving us an all minis addon.
@daniel - the boars can be played in a 4-player game, but can't be used for a 5-player game without buying the 5-player expansion.  nothing lets you play with 6 players except for house rules.
@brad: no, sorry. we're happy with the claw.
holy crap this is awesome! the wildboar clan is easily my favorite clan now! and we'll get them for free! thanks cmon, i knew you wouldn't let us down! i might just have to double my eb base pledge now ;)
where are the ram-clan shamans?!?
i would've only used the additional clans as alternates anyway so getting this free would be great for me (i'll still buy the ram clan as well)
thanks also is there any chance i can pick up my kickstarter copy at gencon ?
@thiago any chance that the bear tokens will be changed into bear heads?
@aaron. yes sir, $105, plus shipping later on in the pm.
i am keeping my add-on - i fail to see how it can be a problem to get more awesome and cool figures for free.
@aaron schulz - correct.  although there is an art book you could get too for a bit more.
love that boar clan token. figure poses nice too. still on the brink over 5th clan, but some free shamans for it may tip me over the edge.
@aaron: yes + shipping (charged later)
indeed it is
so if i want to get everything except the art book  it's 105 total correct?
@jason: if people hold on their 5th player expansion we'll make one or two additional sgs surely, maybe the epic norse monster. @martin: good point about the colored bases for shamans.
@donnbobhardy: i've added an extra line to the update making that clearer.
i think another add on makes sense. i am going for base game + 5 player add on. i don't need another copy of the game. not whining, super happy so far, just looking for a reason to up my pledge.
if i understand correctly the base game is still 2-4 players, so the bonus boar clan means you can still only play with 2-4. but the add on ram clan - allows you to play 2-5. i think someone said there would not be a 6th add-on clan as the game has not been tested for 6.
man i really did not think the boars would be free... congrats, cmon, you have restored my faith. now lets hope the next 48 hours are bonkers. (also, as the boars are now free, i'm spending $30 less than i thought i was so another add on at this point is totally welcome lol)
maybe but from what i've heard, you cant play with the 6th clan without the 5th player expansion. something about cards missing.
becky, just buy an extra game. you will get extras of everything. think of the value!
@martin hakenesch. me too. or we replace a warrior with a shaman, that way we don't need the extra bases.
@daniel there is no 6th player clan. there are 6 different clans, but the max amount of players is only 5.
but what about the shamans for the boars and the ram clans?! moan! [here's looking at you xipe]
i for one will certainly be keeping my add-on for the ram clan as well as my art book. the only thing that could make me happier is if by the end of everything we get two or three more epic monsters (looking at some of the popular ones we've been asking for hint, hint) and at least one or two is ks exclusive. couldn't make me more pleased then in this entire campaign.
hmm interesting nice strech goal but will we get to it ? with out a add on ? like i said will make for an interesting 48 hours , by the way to those who are moaning blood rage was a one board contained game not one off those big ever expanding things least thats the way i read the info on the story page , one of the reasons i backed it (that and the minis )
well played??? forcing peoples to buy the 5th player expansion or you wont be able to play with the 6th player clan. not a good move at all. its rather a turn off.
that 7k backers seems to have dipped?
well played! great 48 hour boost tool. the minis of the wildboar clan are impressive. this is another must reach sg.
so, assuming this unlocks, the only gameplay reason to get the $30 expansion is for a handful of 5 player cards? how bizarre.
@thiago - it needs to be very clear on the front page and in the updates that the boars don't let you play with 5 players.  that was what i first thought and i was briefly considering dropping my add-on for it.
cmon: would you consider offering duplicate copies of the "bigiatures" as an optional purchase please?
also... why all the whining about the 5th player expansion?!? why should you buy it? well for playing with a fifth person... doh
wow, this has been my fave campaign so far, i was hoping for a new monster but a new faction is fantastic. i love everything i've seen so far, apart from the plastic tokens but i'll replace them with some wooden carvings. this is great stuff. may have to get two sets and build a northman horde for battles.
i am keeping my fifth clan! just because there are more cool figures does not mean that i do not want the other cool figures! i want them all! :)
very cool sg although i do wish it had been included as part of the 5th player expansion to ensure people would continue to support that.
now see the difference in announcing the stretch goals ahead of time...people are happy now  :)  mind, i'm waiting for people to moan at where the boar shaman are!  ;)  hehe
i'm keeping my 5th player add on its still worth it to me. i really like the dark elf alt sculpt as i've mentioned before.
i'm still hoping for 2 additional coloured bases for each faction (for the shamans) ;)
@jevr, just pledge for another game! a fantastic add-on in itself!
was on the fence about the 5th, but now i want 5 and 6. gotta have all them pretty little vikings.
@jason, i don't want the book, i don't want the rams-but the boars, oh my, and ks exclusive too but nothing to get us to it! now is add on time surely?
@hagalaz: all clans can be used in games with any player count.
such an awesome campaign to be part of.
i will not drop my 5th player expansion, not only because of the cards needed for 5 players. its a great camapaign and its definetely worth it. dropping it would make it harder to get to 710k in addition. hope we'll hear soon how to get the shamans for boar/ram.
ah.  no cards in the sg.  tricky.  but how many people will not get the rams because they think that the boars are sufficient?
i think this is totally awesome. if we reach 710k, the game will deliver an average figure price of 1 usd/figure!! that is amazing for the quality, size, and types of figures!
sweet sg! does this also mean that the next sg will be wild boar shamans though?! :)
sweet sg! does this also mean that the next sg will be wild boar shamans though?! :)
please release more add-ons so i can raise my pledge! i need the wildboar clan!
@justin:  the ram expansion is still needed to play with a 5th player.
but you can use the ram set if you just want different options of clans right? or are they built to be specifically used as a 5th group?
i'm not usually one for negativity but i can't help but still be disappointed by this ks even at the 48 hour mark. i've loved cmon campaigns in the past because it felt like the community had an input into the game and the sgs but this whole campaign has just been drawn out, already pre planned goals or game elements - the gods and the shamans have overshadowed the whole campaign really, they should of really been add ons that people could pay for if they wanted them and not dilute the power of community driven content in sgs - a perfect example being fenrir and nidhogg, two truly amazing and iconic figures with such a deep for in to ragnarok and talked about loads on here, are absent because it's easier to trickle out pre existing material... rum and bones honestly did a better job up to this point in the campaign... really engaging the creativity of this community. thanks for reading the rant. (hopefully @cmon does too)
@thiago: hope you are right. @vendetta: yes i forgot about the cards. @thiago: what about the mystics for the two clans. can you give us a hint?
@yishay amen....i mean hail to that!!!!!!
all i can say by that announcement is... amazing. i just assumed i'd probably need to cancel my intent to get the art book to use the funds for the board but now i get both. anyone wanting more add-ons better show appreciation by adding the book if they don't already have to thank cmon
so what's the point of the ram expansion now?
@gawain the expansion includes cards you need to play 5.
amazing stretch goal, but it is probably hard to justify the 5th player expansion to some backers if you only need additional 24 cards and 3 sculpts to play with 5 players after achieving the stretch goal. is there a way to improve the 5th player expansion?
the reason you'd want to buy the add on clan is cause they are "ram" themed...and that's cool!!!
but what about the wild boar shamans!? :o
@cmon, will we be able to pay to add the boar clan if it fails to unlock? i would so add them now as an add on!
@gawain_77: whoever want the 5th player expansion...
totally awesome clan for 710k!! on the way there i assume we will unlock two more stamens. one for bears and one for rams.
so 85k in 2 days? going to be tough but possible.
sweet sg! does this also mean that the next sg will be wild boar shamans though?! :)
awesome!!! i need the wildboar!!
@thiago: isn't there are problem? correct me if i'm wrong. who will buy the 5th player expansion if he gets a fifth clan for free?
@graham cummings: from the beginning we made it clear we wanted to make this a very add-on light campaign, and we've stuck to our word. if you want to spend some money, why not buy another copy? ;-)
excellent!  nice job cmon!
nice!!!!
is there solo play rules for this?
@waltercuje: no, the base game is still 2-4 players.
superb sg but i still want to spend some more money
@kbl - there is still time! this is what ks is all about, player having a voice in the creation of the game. it didn't go to press yet, there's no reason to not change it. more female characters, less boring, burly bearded men in furs! cmon - hear our pleas and change it!
boar > goat !
6th clan, optional - ks exclusive - awesome
holy shit!
won't hitting $710k cause our backing to drop?
woow, so does this mean the base game is playable with 5?
epic!
holy crap awesome!!!!!
wow :)
i'd like to chip in on the the-shamans/seers-for-the-wolf-and-bear-clans-look-boring-and-uninspired-and-should-be-women-instead-of-more-burly-men-coz-"seers"-were-actually-women-and-not-men, wagon. i really hope and pray there still is time to give them a sex change and more interresting pose a la the raven and serpent seers.
now make us happy, let's end shamangate and take more of my money!
congratulations...! so don't torture us... bring it on yeah ;-)
wow guys, that is really the number that makes me the most happy. honestly.
right on 7k @thiago thanks for the info.
@ thiago :-p :-d
7 thousand backers!!
@ thiago :-p :-d
7k
*cough* 7000....
@popenx: you will also be able to double your pledge to get 2 games and twice the stretch goals during the post campaign pledge manager.
:)
@thiago - how about now so i can go to bed knowing?
@thiago thanks for the reply,thats good to hear,it probably wont be the last time that gets asked now we are entering the last 48hrs
@henrik dahlberg: how about at 7k backers?
@thiago: didn't you want to shake the eight-ball?
@ thiago can we expect something at 48hrs left?
cool cuase i'm wanting to get the book too.  what about a 2nd game? i'm limited to 1game and 5th player exp. rigt now
so lets do it, break this sg. im excited about the new non-shaman sg. game components? epic monster? oh thiago we need some clues :-) thiago, its very kind of you that your are always around in cmon campaigns to give foresight and torture our mind with these little hints that can be all or nothing ;-)
@panagiotis kyriakou: the ram clan can be used when playing with any number of players.
wow, almost 7k backers! i can hardly believe it.
can we use the ram clan in 4 player game or it can only be used in the 5 player game?
@tom: yes, you'll be able to add more funds to get add-ons after the campaign is finished, when the pledge manager goes live.
@thiago @cmon are we able to add more funds in the pledge manager after the campaign, as i can not afford the art book at mo,the game and the expansion will wipe my funds out.
*cries* but i want to go to bed!
actually, it's 48 hours, 59 minutes.  ...that timer can be confusing.
48 hours to go, please let me throw more money at you cmon!
i really wish they would post more future stretch goals. and i wish there was one more add on!
@ryan: furthermore he said there will be a different solution for the implementation of the ram shaman. so we'll see it the one or other way.
thanks
@ryan: thiago already stated that the next sg is no shaman.
stretch goal idea- alternate bear shaman sculpt, blake from workaholics in his bear hoodie
i hope shamans for the expansion clan is not the next stretch goal. not everyone wants it. we did not have to east a goal on alt model warriors for the expansion clan so why should we on the shamans
any nice surprises for hitting 7000 backers?
pledging pace seems to be picking up a little.
@waldemar tabler: not yet.
what's about the shamans for the ram-clan (5th player expansion)? didn't they get schamans?
this new mini makes me think of conan obrian's m*******ting bear
no clans signed up to 'peta' it seems :)
@walter true thing. it would be much better if the wolf seer would not get the fur coat. he seems to be more of a warrior anyway.
@uzix i think it's possible to reach that goal by midnight.
@captain matt, awesome, i just hadn't gone back far enough in the comments, i thought the tusks looked very pig-like
to grant. yes i`ve seen it. i would like a 6 player game. an extra player to be included in the base game would be even better. lets home this sg will be finished by tomorrow :)
ack double post
about 90 min till the 48 hour mark, get ready.
90 min till our 48 hour mark.
@grant we have been talking about them they are the boar clan!  hope to see them very soon.
did anybody else notice that there are 6 people on the cover of the expansion box? 1 for each of the 5 clans and 1 extra? in order, wolf, serpent, ram, bear, ?, raven. i think we're almost guaranteed the 5-player will increase to 6
@shakall from about 30 min ago.  just because they don't show us all of the sg doesn't mean that they aren't already planned.  plus it gives cmon flexibility in dealing with things like adding new goals instead of add-ons.  also hitting over $620k before your 48 hour mark is very successful for any game.
@skazz lol i do see what you're saying, it looks like that a little. they do also look pretty similar because of the furs on their backs.
@cmon - i like the reorg of the story page but wouldn't it be better to put the current stretch goal more near the top, instead of buried at the bottom of the sg list? @skazz - yess lol :^)
@skazz, no lol :)
does anyone else think that the bear seer has put his underwear down to his feet? i must also say that indead the bear looks a little bit like the wolf.
@thiago this is so exciting i can't wait for the next sg! i really hope my guess is right!
@thiago hey i wasn't the first one to do that:)  by the way love the game and the minis and everything!
does anyone else feel like the raven shaman should be holding a big stick like the other shamans?
there's n eb available
i'm with @donbob and @andy a lot of stuff for the money. aaaaand perchance a goat steed driven chariot in the final sculpt of thor, eh @thiago ;-)
@popenx: "thiagoat", really? :-p
@andy - yeah.  getting the game, 3 exclusive monsters, and 2 retail expansions for $75 is a great deal.
i´m impressed that the backer numbers are increasing at this speed.. a few days ago i didn´t expect us to unlock 3/4 seers before the 48.. so gj cmon. and great news about the ram shaman... i would definately cast a vote for adding the ram shaman to the 5-player expansion to get more people to pledge for it.
the variety of cards are needed. also few cards affecting gods would be nice. like summoning loki or thor for a battle. they are great minis, could be used bit more :)
@theodore - my thoughts exactly. that video actually put me off for a while!!! just jumped in now though - looks like we're getting a game, plus a few exclusives and two expansions - the shaman and gods stuff will be an expansion at retail right? sounds ok for $75 to me....
if they were to include large monsters as add-on's would you buy them? at what price would you pay? i'm assuming that the larger creatures would cost more to make and ship.
donnbobhardy, sure, i know. but that might work or be balanced in other ways. a separate quadrant covering alfheim is a cost-effective alternative that could be achieved inside this campaign.
@mikademus - either way, my statement is still true.
i meant that there is a separate board 1/4th the size of the full board covering the alfheim region, below
@mikademus - each fjord is next to 2 territories and each territory is next to a fjord.  that would no longer be true with your suggestion.
about 6 players and a second map: . since the map is a symmetric 2-fold 4-square, a relatively easy solution to this would be to have a 6th player board where alfheim is divided into three regions instead of two and the fjord moved. then the map "works", 4-5 player playability isn't touched, and a double-sided map isn't needed for 6 players, saving production expenses.
i snagged the 5th player expansion for one simple fact...to accommodate my gaming group.
this link is from the national museum of denmark, and what it shows is the findings of a strange female buriel  site from around 1050 ad. the grave is very different from other graves of that time and it is believed to be the grave of a vØlve - a holy/special women - a seer if you wish... http://natmus.dk/historisk-viden/danmark/oldtid-indtil-aar-1050/vikingetiden-800-1050/tro-og-magi-doed-og-ritual/en-voelve-fra-fyrkat/
i'm not one to defend the sg's but i'm happy and excited. i would have been happy after the gods... i'm happy now too... i don't get the hate... this has been a great campaign with minimal addons and fantastic quality miniatures from my favorite designer.... the only thing i disliked about the campaign was the super hammy gameplay video that was difficult to watch. otherwise i have zero complaints. it's a full package and well worth 75$...
i hope they have a plan to make people want the 5th player expansion. i'm on the fence about it as it is right now. if there were more items in it, or some awesome game mode, or something unique that the base game doesn't have but makes gameplay better, something that makes me feel a need to get it.
@thiago i too would be interested in late pledging rum & bones!  so bummed i missed that one!
i will double my pledge right now for a fish clan sporting codpieces.
@ sg defenders being free doens't mean being without interest and quality.  everything started well but now, it is going the wrong way. even if cmon doens't need the ks anymore, i want to have a good deal and not a nice pat on my head and a  "with that they will be happy and stop complaining" sg.
@donbob +1 for not having to look through the last 150 comments.
cmon would be nice if they looked like less noobs and offer a "timeline" of sg instead of whispering them one by one .  maybe they just do not have any  idea of where they are heading... shaman sttory is nearly over and i have to say that i am quite disapointed by the last 2 figurines. they totally lack power and life.  what started with heroism and an adventure look is now flat and as low epic as a book of barbra cartland.
yup that last comment from thiagoat got me excited!  for the glory!!!
@ all the bored people who take time to post about their boredom: perhaps take a behavioral cue from the viling heroes and stop whining. take the free stuff for a cool game. maybe enjoy the outdoors with some light pillaging.
for those that missed thiago's last comment, the next sg will not be shamans and may be revealed before we hit the next sg.  and there is a plan for the ram shamans.
@tom beatty - if the ram shamans were a separate add-on, people would drop the 5 player expansion in droves.  adding them to the existing expansion might make more people get the expansion, as it's value will have gone up.
@derek and yes, making the addon a 5th plus 6th player would promote it from meh to must have, but i'm not convinced the game would work with 6 players.
so are with done with shaman upgrades now? i'm so bored with getting 1/4th of an expansion as a stretch goal.
i think both jörmundgam and suhrt already is there, we need fenris, hel and nidhog. and the goat steed driven chariot of thors of course ;-)
was kinda hoping for some more female shamans, since that was the norm. oh, well.
@calvin  but its already there isn't it?
@kevin: if we are bound to have shamans, can they at least not look exactly like the other shamans, and exactly like the clan they are coming from. the serpent and raven ones were great, but the wolf and bear ones are just boring and uninspired. i'd really be happy with a redesign for both, so they'd look more the part.
@mikademus tell them to take all the money so they can just show us what it is!! all the money!!
@lobst5r thompson, there is also a distinct dragon's head underneath what i interpreted as the boat shape. a dragon under a boat could only be the midgard serpent. ;)
what the campaign needs is surtr (fire giant from norse mythology)
really hope they add the ram shamans to the x-pac.
regarding the shamans, i never expected the next stretch goal to be anything but the bear shamans. they said back with the first group that they were going to start giving us an expansion via stretch goals. the idea that they'd give us three-fourths of an expansion and then drop it and move on is peculiar.
@thiago aranha 1 1/2 hours to my bed time dude
@ thiago thanks hope it will be great.in every case this game look awesome!!! ragnar rocks!!!lol
@heather, *phew* a giant shaman for the ram clan would be as cool as a goat. i like it!! that would be unexpected and cool.
@ the wriggler. googled vikings and fleas. apparently fleas are used to navigate as they always head north. didn't source check that btw ;)
how about a shaman that is built like a frost giant.  and the stick is made of the back bones of the freakin' bear shaman.  i would respect that clan.  yes, i would.
it's interesting that such a chatty comment section is still trailing the number of backers. at this moment, around two hundred more backers than total comments.
well now... an idea perhaps do the ram clan's shaman as an add on to boost the pledge amount for the final big monster/s fenris springs to mind.
@ the schwarz. is it infectious? does it dot?
i mean who wouldn't flee from a crotch kling ? ;-)
@thiago looking forward to seeing what the plans for the rams are... because right now they feel like the red headed stepchild of this ks. their value compares so poorly to the $75 base game plus goodies.
@thiago - great, looking forward to it! might i also suggest something that beefs up the 5th player expansion to avoid people dropping it? my idea would be including a 6th clan with it. i think the questions about the relative cost would disappear then!
assuming there is a ram shaman as well, then we would have to go to 700k to be done with the shamans and possibly get some other sgs. that is a lot of ground to cover in 50 hours. i hope they have a really cool add-on for the last 48 hours to boost the total pledge and get us all the shamans fast. i really want more big monsters. maybe a monster pack add-on for 5 monsters - one for each clan. i am ready to throw some cash after that.
@renate that's why it should be a special card you could play with the bear seer ;-)
@renate, looks like a sensible accessory to me. im sure vikings were covered with fleas. it hard to look all mystic when scratching your crotch.
@thiago aranha - cmon  visited you guys at pax east the work is great.  i missed the rum & bones kickstarter a& was trying to find out about late pledging.  the link on the page for late backing wasn't working for me.
hahaha, @renate and woooot!!! @thiago!! *big bear hug*
@reinhard - ok that might be cool :)
@derek sykes: don't worry, next sg will be something different. and i just might get it out there sooner than expected. and never fear about ram shamans, we have our plans.
oh, come on! another male shaman, another boring dude with a beard and a stick. i don't understand this - he looks just like the wolf shaman! where did all the originality that went into the original clans went? why are we getting another samey guy? cmon, please consider making the wolf and bear shamans more different. they are boring.
@ the schwartz. do one really want sharp claws in that area? are they used to discreetly deal with an itch?
ahem, 5th player add on.
a juicy big monster in the city player add on would make it much more attractive. i'm getting it anyway as our group is usually 5 - 7 players.
i also missed the rum and bones kickstarter & followed the link on the page for late pledging but link did not work.  i was trying to find out about backing that as well.
@mark turner yes i dropped the 5 th player expansion because of that very reason 5 minutes ago. the base pledge is a good deal, the 5th player add on for $30 is very poor.
backnarock!!
i think the banner in the last 2 updates is a clue! the creature etched in the stone, the skulls inset in the stone are on the same horizon line moving in a circular pattern, and at the very top of the image there are what appear to be 3-4 dark shapes that fade into the environment with the same watercolor/gouache technique that can be seen in adrian smith's other illustrations for this game - they're feet! animal feet! this may be a teaser image for fenris!!
@derek: unless cmon will be anouncing monster 1 of 5. :)
the irony is that with every new figurine added to the base set, the 5th player addon looks relatively more expensive. i wonder how many people will remove that add-on before this is over. the 4 player is so strikingly superior a deal. i wish i could see a review of how different player counts play.
the bear clan should place an ad
another borringgg $40k. i really doubt that there will be a last 48hrs madness at all. an increase, yes, but a madness, nope. it will be the first time i see that with cmon ks but hey... there's a first time for everything. in my heart, i'm still hoping that i'm wrong.
really hope the next sg is something new and interesting that won't be part 1 of 5. again.
@matt i was hoping for the same but, as much as i still love this game and can't wait to play it, i think this ks campaign has bored all the hope out of my system lol
when we've unlocked all the core shamans, will the 5th player add-on be updated to include shamans? i now realize that it's unlikely i'll get an answer to that question before $40,000 has passed, but i've already typed it, and this follow-up musing, so what the hel, here goes.
@lau - if you get the game at ks and the 5th player at retail, you'll be missing things, but if you get them both at ks, all 5 clans have the same stuff.
that's a pretty sad bear...guy.  he looks like a wet, ill-clothed going-to-paunch grump that has no talent for accessorizing.
i think oracle would be a better name than shaman, sounds better and i think fits the feel of the game more.
@bruce i was wondering about that - it probably wouldn't go over too well, especially since not everyone is getting the expansion and because of shaman/seer/mystic/seer mystic fatigue.
i think it is gonna hit the fan even harder when they anounce that it is a goat driving in a chariot :p
#shaman +1 for "soothsayer".
@bruce hansen, if the next sg is the ram shaman, i'm going to devine what the following one is using my own innards!
@bruce i had hoped they would be included with the bears as the last to unlock, but maybe they will use it to break up the madness that is the last 48 hours.
#shaman if "seer" is too passive a word, i shall repeat myself and suggest: "soothsayer".
lol the shit is gonna hit the fan if the next sg is for the ram shamans
@renate 'crotch kling' perhaps an extra special card to play to dispell some enemy forces, by the goats a great idea ;-)
boooooom give us the add on of the 5th shaman to get fast the 4 one i still hope a big voluptuous female monster
with all this ekstra stuff for the base game. will the rams not be missing alot of things?? so thy ahve a disadvantage??
@vendetta  dont think so wound be nice if were added to box
please give us a streach goal making the dull skull on the cover disappear. please. please. please. a shield at least.....
how about instead of mystic or seer call them mystic seers? the redundancy adds effect in a viking-ish way.
was it ever announced how the 5th player shamans would be handled?
if we make 1mill do we get red sonja ?
@the schwartz, +1 that!!
the bear shaman looks like an idiot
gotta say i haven't kept up on it but the emails indicate people don't like the term shaman. i personally don't get why. shaman really is the most appropriate term for these characters. seer or mystic definitely don't accurately describe them. vikings definitely had shaman,  just because the history channel decides to portray these people as more of an oracle does not make it reality.
i like how people were going "wow, i can't wait for the next stretch goal!" and now people are sighing at the upcoming shamans. honestly, what were you expecting? we need the last pair of shamans and i'm happy to see them coming up.
another 40k grind - but that shaman is awesome! i really love that figure and we get two of them in every pledge. awesome!!
was it ever announced how the 5th player shamans would be handled?
@graham cummings  i was thinking the same a clue wound be nice nearing my bed time
still believe the shadow in the bottom graphics is that of the goat steed driven chariot ;-)
ugh another shaman stretch goal. hopefully whatever comes after this one will be more interesting.
seriously that we have to push another shaman before something cool apears?
feeling a little flat! maybe we will get something special at the 48 hour mark!
the next 40k grind begins again.....
i suppose it shouldn't be surprising when a game themed to norse mythology draws trolls.
love the head. not so keen on the crotch klinging bear claws.
ohhhh...is that supposed to be a bear skin the shaman is wearing? or a coat of vegetation? i hate to be critical, but i hope that isn't a bear skin.
been there, done that.........
hmm, roll on $660k so we might finally get something interesting  :)
if you gimme me goats and chariot its ok with me @thiago ;-)
i smell brazilian troll...
maybe they don't work as much on a sunday so it takes longer to update ;)
the wolves are howling!  ...but i wonder if i should wait for a 10k anti-troll buffer this time... :-p
@ ravenwing hear hear! the truth has been told. big bad *** monsters!
do all the shamans share those 3 cards: frigga's chosen, doin's chosen , thor's chosen. or does each shaman stretch goal come with 3 different cards?
hehe, credits to @the wriggler! brilliant. i love that idea.
he he - the goat seer! nice one @reinhard ;-)
i hear you, henrik. a giant monster for each clan! start with the big a** wolf! :)
i want to see the stretch goal/s before i head to work in 30 mins....
or à new bigature?..other shaman will be add for free in 5th player add on. (i know i am dreaming...)
now that we've got wolf seers how's about a giant wolf monster?
@the wriggler, how fun would that be, it would add a whole level of wackiness to the ram clan as background history, imagining them going "follow the goat!" or "the goat has spoken!", hehehe.
whoo! now on to the next shamans....shamen?
that is sure? we reach it? no more troll?
finally!
3h till 48h mark ... will they delay next sg to make it more awesome? :o
need two goats and a chariot gimme gimme! ;-)
neeext....
cmon cmon for the next sg! :d
@wriggler bahaha that would be awesome!
boom!
we've got a goal!
maybe the ram shaman is a goat!
and btw it would be such a hassle to make the chariot meself ;-)
and there we are unless more trolls
ding -next please
woogoo
almost there! cool to see the next shaman and lock in the current one.
thanks @reinhard that has been my remarks from the beginning when it was stated that the sculpt not was finished yet :-) se gimme me goats and chariot i say! ;-)
@the schwartz, i have to admit, looking at the figure of thor again, his free hand and the way it is closed into a fist, it lends itself perfectly for holding the reins of a chariot. just picturing him now as he moves across the board.  c'mon @thiago, even you got to admit that would be cool! ;)
....we need just 3 or 4 new backers for the trollsafe sg one ;)
he he @reinhard still dreaming of the chariot ;-)
ahh come on! $1k more and we're in trollsafe sg territory!
@the schwartz, if they served goat on that bbq of yours, than your chances of seeing them still pulling the chariot went flying out the window :p
@gregor nice one he he ;-)
@the schwartz if i find myself in denmark i'll definitely check out the flame.
@ the schwartz, in honor of your persistence, i'm changing my ks profile picture.
@ cedric re: points b and c, i really hope they do both.  making it optional would add one more fun variant for people who like narrative-based gameplay.  i mean, look at those minis!  there's no way that the wolf and serpent clans go about their business the same way.  an upgrade or minor passive ability to reflect that wouldn't ruin the game.  it's sad that some people have so little confidence in a guy who cranks out games more often than windows 8 needs updates that they don't think he can come up with half a dozen balanced abilities or unit upgrades to give the clans some personality, or that gaming groups could *never* come up with a way to resolve who gets what clan, making the addition pointless.
meat goes with mead without saying ;-)
@bernard just been at an all out meat barbeque restaurant called the flame here in denmark, a true viking meat experience, to recommended. ;-)
now - 1k to go, to bear (hopefully + ram) shaman.
looking forward to the next seer sculpt, and perchance the finished sculpt of thor and his steed goat driven chariot ;-)
anyone else planning to down some mead when this campaign ends? i've got this ready in the fridge: http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/dansk-mjod-viking-blod/23988/
@cédric de chardon send a pm to cmon and about rum & bones they might still be able to get you into the ckpm.
whup them goats only around 1k to go, i say whup em! ;-)
the shamans should have not been clan specific. that would have made them awesome. the project needs a shot of adrenalin.
oh... this is exciting! 48 hours, 39/40 done this shaman. :o
please let's move on from these shaman stretch goals to something else!
it could be the beer clan?
bear goat reward level add on w/bonus chariot level
@buissonnet, thanks for the responce.
perhaps they could do a bare clan reward tier. no pants on anyone.
i don't think vikings had bears
atleast let have a bear and boar combi? els we will wait another 40k for something cool
i'm looking forward to seeing the sculpt for the bear shaman... expect that cmon have saved the best for last!
@biofrost2001 some quips are best left to hibernate...
@cédric the rum & bones ks ended around christmas. they had a link on its ks page to a late pledge option, but i think it's ended. the pledge manager was sent out recently.
i cannot " bear" another shaman stretch goal.
no no info from cmon about that...but thé question was already asked.
has anybody heard any talk about the possibility of additional optional addon's, you know, in case the stretch goals don't open all of the clan shaman/ seer/ mystic figures?
i am excited as well, anything that will add in extra gameplay options for free is always worth getting hype over.
yep. 40k for 2 figs/ 3 cards  sucks imo:-( a) give us the ram shamans and go to somtehing elses b) we need fenris or jörmungandr like may appear end of an age and x vitroy pints to those that kill/ injure them. c) optional rules with specific powers for each clan - even an addon - and btw eric already tested some in this way so adjust a minimum and give us this option. yes asymetric game is a must and works for some of us. and eric lang already suceeded in many of thoae games. i won't repeat my argumetns or those of others, just stretch goal it or even add on it and you may be surprised. people not obliged to use them... like many optional rules, cards and minis here. question : i didn't see rum&bones ks. is there still a way to pledge now?
i'm excited aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!
no excitement for the upcoming bear shaman then?   :)
ok, thanks. i overlooked it.
kevin. it's in the rewards. september
sep 2015
does anyone know the estimated delivery of the game? i didn't see it in the description.
+1 fenrir....please.
yeah not exited for another shaman stretch.................. goal.
i'm trying to keep my enthusiasm as high as possible with you guys... but the truth is that its slowly fading away. i really hope that we'll get some awesome news when this sgs gets unlocked.
2k to go, by mjölnir thor make them goats go! whup em whup em whup em aand wuuup eeemmmm! ;-)
$2k-ish til seers are in the bag and next sg is revealed... we're getting there. also don't forget to reveal the fenriswolf add-on soon ;-)
i'm still betting on the boar clan as a last add-on in the last 48 hours.
2k!
@thiago or creator, please provide us some hints on what you planned after shaman sgs ;)
starting to think the boar clan mighta got scrapped... seems like an odd choice to hold them til so late if they are still a thing
i hate to say it, but this ks seems to be ending with a whimper instead of a bang. i don't mind limited add-ons and sgs so a good production timetable can be completed, but these shaman sgs, while awesome looking, have been a drag. i know its only been over 4 days, but it feels like we have been unlocking them forever. :) hopefully things pick up in the last 48
+1 "fenrir"....
@thomas, i was guessing that we would've hit that around noon, but we'll certainly hit it before the 48hr mark.
thanks everyone
@joe, someone made a mistake and added too many 0's when they were pledging.
i hope we get  this sg bevor the crazy 48 houres :-)
@ joe: someone thought it would be funny to make a 10k pledge, and then remove it.
what happened to the sg? i checked earlier today and we had unlocked it now we are 6k short.
and only 100 backers to get to 7k. that's pretty awesome.
5k to go,  by mjölnir whup them goats! ;-)
the only add-on i can se would b the so-called 6th clan ad if that would happen people will start whining bout it.
my phone loves auto correcting to wacky things.
@rick james - i contacted then via the ask a question feature and now obsessively check thee project page fir updates :-p
i reckon that the shaman will be added to the 5th (and 6th) clan expansions but without shaman cards and that the retail shaman expansion will just have the shaman for the 4 core game clans plus all of the shaman cards. this will make the expansion seem better value for money but will need to buy the shaman expansion to get the cards.
@rob stith - do you know how these late backer situations work?  do we need to just keep an eye on the original conan ks page?
@rob.smith. just pm'd them. thanks.
ok well, upped my pledge by an additional game and a book.  i hope adrian smith gets a nice chunk of the proceeds on the book for a job well done.
do i pledge 105 total of i want everything  lol?
7k to go... without trolls
it's picking up very nice! the shamans are looking nice, hopefully we get to fenris and jörmungandr, adding more monsters would not hurt game play, it would take very little to add them or limit the number of monsters in play at a time so you can have dynamic variety. i'm still a believer that eric lang planned fenris and jörmungandr being that there is no ragnarök without them. in any case i may just have to make them myself, i love this game lets make that push brothers!
@8thpagan @david - monolith told me that late backers would be able to get in on the pm. i asked them because i was in the same situation.
didn't they say they might be able open up the conan pledge manager to late backers who missed the ks.  several companies have done that including cmon on various campaigns.
@8thpagan, a lot of companies do "late" pledges. you might wanna try messaging them to see if you can do it.
+1 nagfar :-)
sadly i don't know anyone who pledged. will just have to wait for the game to hit retail instead. miss out on kickstarter exclusives, but box still full of cool miniatures.
@8thpagan if you know any one who pledged get them to purchase you a copy when the pledge manager goes live
@skazz, mine does :(
@david :-) but i had something in mind that has claws as well. hope no mother in law has claws ;-) ..... and fangs .... and a long tail
curiosity got the better of me. just had a look at the conan board game kickstarter. really wish i had seen that at the time. so many cool miniatures. would have been great with modphius rpg due later this year. anyone got a time machine i can borrow?
agree! +1 for naglfar & +1 for the loki's children :)
@henrik dahlberg : the 'nail ship' is a very nice idea ! so, +1 for naglfar ! & +1 for the 3 childs of loki !!!
@skazz, not the dreaded mother-in-law in fur coat?  feared across the realms of man and gods alike.
@buissonnet conan was mental in the last few days, it was hard to keep up with all the sgs being reached but im not trying to compare it to conan. maybe if we had the shamen sgs earlier on and the monster sgs nearer the end we might be more excited. hopefully we can get these shamen and there are some good sgs near the end. im up for any add on that doesnt hinder gameplay if you havent got it ie the art book,themed music uprated box picture etc
and i think from the gaming perspective it is much easier to add stuff to the conan game because this is a much more open gaming type with campaigns and stuff, much like a classic rpg. blood rage is much more euro style, you cannot include infinite monsters then the game would be unbalanced as hell.
i think we are at a good pace here. seer number three and four will be reached within the next 15 to 20 hour i guess and i still hope that seer number five will be a free gift with the ram clan. then we have 30 hours to reach some cool final stretch goals, some of them hopefully some ks exclusive monsters......with fur.
+1 for naglfar!
@tom yes i feel like that too.nothing compared to conan 3 final days...
naglfar would be a nice stretch goal as well. some more action in the fjords.
yawn another shamen and then another,they should have been 1 set its going to take $160,000 to get them all,rubbish sg imo seems like a disapointing end to what looked like a good ks
i know i might end up sculpting the chariot meself. but must try... pull me goats pulllll! ;-)
yep-yep !! +1 for lokis children !!!
he he nice one @tyson ;-)
they should do a $300 goat add on as a joke
fenriswolf! hel! nidhögg! lokis children as add-on or sg!
i really  feel abused.fu..ing troll.
by me goats! only 9k to go ;-)
right you are @michael someone messed up :-)
@michael read further down.
@michael elkins - some trolls were at work there with 10k pledge...
wow...did this just lose $9k or did i see the total wrong earlier?
@the collector we still might see an add-on in about 7 hours ish.
yep ! +1 for hel, nidhogg & fenrir !!!
cheers donbob.
yessir @skazz fenris, hel or nidhog :-)
maybe a silly question, but will all the components including stretch goals fit in the box? or will we need a second box for storage?
it might also be that some one got impatient with how slowly the sg is going, people also seem to be whining and arguing about add-ons, and i am one of those that wish for add-ons, but i have given up believing that we will get any.
excuse me spelling, not trying to troll, but to goat the campaign. ;-) time to finish that thor sculpt by adding the chariot pulled by goat steeds me thinks, eh @thiago ;-)
the 700k stretch goal must be huge........with fur.
will the 5 player addon get updated whit the shamans as soon as the 2th shaman is unlocked?
@thiago or creator,  any word on how fifth clan. shaman will be announced?  will it be an sg and if so will they come in the five player expansion at retail or separately
@henrik - they are separate.
@donnbobhardy thanks
i thought the shamans were to become part of the clan ( they invade for free like the leaders ), not a monster you summoned ?
@jeff - thiago said the shamans come with extra discs.
nice on @matthew may rhe goats chase hum forever ;-)
@matthew  ⎯⎯∈ ⎯⎯∈ i'll take 2
ah - just wondered what that anomaly was... plenty of time folks - and 48 hours to go is where it'll hot up for real!
damn you loki and your trickery!
pitchforks for sale! get your high quality pitchforks for sale right here! ⎯⎯∈⎯⎯∈⎯⎯∈⎯⎯∈⎯⎯∈⎯⎯∈⎯⎯∈⎯⎯∈ for the nivesh tayal witch hunt special, buy two pitch forks and get a premium torch for free!
question. will the shamans count towards the two monster limit or are they sperate? if separate, will we get more colored base markers with them as well?
i guess it was the work of a níðingr, but keep pulling me goats keeep pullliiing! ;-)
@nivesh tayal: if that wasn't an honest mistake, would you kindly stop trolling the campaign?
@cpt matt +1 :)
@thiago go ahead and get that update ready then go take a quick nap we should be ready by then.
@michael that is a very nice thing to believe in people, but this is the internet after all.
@andrius i haye trolls too. execpt the troll minis in the game. those troll rok!
on the rare occasion, someone will accidentally slap an extra zero or two onto their pledge, then realize (in horror) what they had done.
#ihatetrolls too
silly childish trolls!
@matthew someone had pledged 10k just to mess with everyone and then dropped their pledge,  hence a troll
ok, i hate trolls... anybody else?
@flavio pledge troll.
oh well, it was only going to be another shaman anyway.
there we go down...
where did 10k go?
seems it was a troll after all
the heck? it was just at 620k a second ago.
and reached another sg hopefully not because of troll pledges
i can hear shmanic wolves howling!
@lobst5r either we will have to wait longer or cmon will have to verify the backer.  :-) . @sebastian i am not trying to squash the request, but as i mention there are only 2 sets of cardboard tokens left to convert.  i am also not sure how well they will work as plastic both are double sided with a generic symbol on one side and the other side is the pillage reward or province name.
gods, goats, goats... i would to see freya with her chariot, pulled by 2 cats, because i like cats, not goads...  and +1 to yishay marzel - gods really looks not so good as mortals...
hmm sometimes some makes a false pledge and then removes it just before the ks ends, just to open sgs.
@captmatt i understand but i guess i just figured more of the cardboard markers could easily be turned into cool little plastic skulls, or shields, or even goats instead of extra shamans....
damn ac, damn you phoned
@sebastion i think the only things left to upgrade to plastic from cardboard are the province circles and the pillage tokens.
@paul, @cap it does seem kind of suspicious. is that a good sign of trolls? what about retailers, it didn't occur to me that retailers i got pledge for bulk copies. are we just going to have to wait a couple hours to see?
isn't the point of ks to state what we want or do not want? i want more female characters, and i hate the way they made the gods look exactly the same as the warriors and each other. i think this is exactly the time and place to say this.
my friends, what are you surprised that people say "i want this or that”? after all, we are humans, not angels, and all want to get more at the lowest possible price ... we all are really grateful for this ks and ratio of amount/price, but after all, is nothing to prevent us want more and better, right? especially, when the euro so dropped down… :(
@sebastian  cmon usually uses higher quality components to begin with, so that is why you see some of the cardboard parts being switched out to plastic tokens.
has there been any word of cmon improving the other game peices? i love the minis, they are a large part in why i'm in this but i feel like this has turned into a mini grab and the game is just a bonus. every other boardgame i've looked at on ks has improved the quality of all the game components somehow through a stretch goal. why have any extra sculpts that i'm not going to use for the game when the actual things i will be using every time i play is just cardboard?
10 k in some minutes... thats magic!  but i dont believe in magic outside of neverland and hogwarts! so what happend?
we shouldn't have to stretch goal to get shamans added to the ram clan (or the boar clan if it is added).  the 5th player expansion should have shamans for those players if we unlock the bear shamans (giving shamans to all clans in the base game).
@paul also it jumped $10k with only 5 new backers....
@paul yes it did, hopefully that is not one of our friendly pledge trolls.... instead lets hope its a retailer.
did the funding just jumped by about $10,000?
@barxbaron, don't worry, that's normal protocol for cmon
@bats,  it's pretty standard in the board game section of kickstartee.  you will get all your stuff. cmon is great about that
only 1k for next sg...close to have a full shaman set.
just saw this game as an ad. would of pledged long ago if i knew about it sooner. i want the optional 5th person expansion so i added $30 to the normal pledge amount like the update said. would be alot better if you guys added it as a separate new ks level.........this is the first time i've seen a campaign do it this way......i hope i get my stuff xd
this has been an excellent kickstarter. the $75 will be an amazing value for the game, and people can add to it for complexity or extra miniatures, whatever they need.
@lance codarin it never ended:)
i don't think people realize how brilliantly planned and executed this campaign has been.  going into the last 48 hours the $75 base pledge will get you an amazingly fully fleshed out game with the gods and shamans being added.  then there are a couple add ons to add a bit extra to the game, but nothing critical.  and during the final 48 they can toss out a few awesome sgs to make it exciting.  plus i feel confident this will ship on or before the states delivery.  this has been an awesome campaign from my perspective.
@popen don't start that again please xd
and just because it's been over an hour... goats! that is all.
@jeremy i agree.
@jeremy bedwell + oo (infinite)
jeremy +1.  i am get the game i was shown at the start for a great price.  everthing else is just gravy.  if there is a last minute surprise add-on so be it but i have no complaints, as cmon were very clear about the nature of this campaign from the start (before that if you read the facebook posts).
thank you cmon for not turning this into a money grab.
sheesh. scrolling through the comments and people are still complaining about the gods and shaman being sgs? i think it's awesome that they turned an add-on or two into sgs. people have been whining that they didn't post more than one sg at a time. now they are whining that we know the next 2. just a perfect example of how some people are just never happy. i for one feel like i am getting a huge deal for my money. if this were any other campaign, i would already be looking at a 200$ price tag for what i am getting. instead, it's half of that. (thanks eb)
if cmon were to make a 6th clan available, they could do a single stretch goal to add the 2 shaman minis to the 5th and 6th clans.
but either way. the game looks great. if there's no rush, no big deal. i'm staying in despite the currency exchange rate and i'm happy with what i'll be getting even if nothing else gets unlocked.
im not talkong about the name i'm talking about having the complete set and how the 5th shaman will be added.
i think that the game could have playing mods like "one player with two clans against one player with two clans" or even "one player with three clans against one player with three clans" ... and then 5th and 6th clans would gain much greater sense and attractiveness... also there could be pledge "all included” ... eee ... 115.00 for the core box, the 5th clan and art book ... but of course, everyone is now watching a little silly marathon of shamans and waiting until will be revealed something really interesting ...
aaaaand gone
eb open
problem is ... without any add-ons, people who are already backing do not have any incentive to raise their pledges. so any rush has to come from people who are not yet backing. i'm not sure that that many have been holding back.
i really doubt a potential backers' decision is depending on the shamanvsseer issue...
7/10 :)
there are always backers that wait till the last minute. some are probably waiting to see what happens with the shaman.
hmmm, 48hr rush-for what? three ks exclusive monsters (very nice though they are) and some tokens and two add ons (one is only alt sculpts exclusive) just don't see it happening myself :)
i think cmon needs to set out a bit of a road map for the sg going forward. we're all aware that the next two or so will be shaman, it's not a huge incentive, but if we knew what was coming after we may just get to that 1mil.
946.321 will be the final result. it will be a pity that we will not hit the last stretch goal that would have been two additional goats to the thor figure.
$800k at least, $900 is possible but only with some great sgs after completing the shamans. so i say $872.235. i'm hoping for one more no miniature stretch goal thats a real nice addition to the game. something like martin teichert suggested, a double sided board. still there are so many other options like 3d plastic player boards and so on. hope they have something up their sleeves.
@donnbobhardy - maybe, maybe. all depends on next sg's.
if all that works out. we might hit 1m
i say at least 820k more if the last sgs are good and maybe one more add on. also if they throw in 5th shaman to expansion without it being sg.
@donnbobhardy: i'm with you on that one. the last 48 hours rush starts today, and it usually nets impressive sums - rum & bones got over a third of its funding that way.
the mecanics of the game is complete but it is possible some alternative sculps, en conan we have 6 duferent conan scupts, no one will play with 4 conans at the same game. so extra scupts o new monsters will be great!!
@dansxyz - i still think $900k is possible.  i'd be very surprised if it doesn't hit at least $800k.
that's what i'm hoping too. there are very few board games that can handle player counts larger than 5. most of these games use simultaneous card drafting (7 wonders), turn phases were every player is constantly involved (power grid) or battle phases were all players can influence out the outcome (cosmic encounter). this game would actually work with 6 players so i'm hoping for a double sided board with a 6th faction... but let's see...
@donnbobhardy - thanks! now i know why :) @martin teichert - doubt that it will hit 800k, if there will be no sg that provides additional mechanic to the game (a lot of people provided interesting ideas for alternates). last sg levels were driven by gods mechanic/figures and shamans mechanic/figures, why stop at that? :)
time to guess again what the final result of the pledge will be. the one that guesses best will have a seat in valhalla. mine is still      851.666 $ what do you think?
yeah, the game seems to be complete :-) i really hope they kept one or more epic sgs i never expected for the big final. cmon please surprise me, knock my socks off!
agreed, lynx clan > goat clan!! preferaby with female warriors, need more of those!
you are right, it is handled anticlimactic. a lot of very popular board game stretch goals like component upgrades, better card stock, larger cards, larger board has either been accomplished as a very early stretch goal or completely left out. looking at the available video, it's seems like the planning stage has already been completed and there is very little they can add from now on. i don't mind, because i'm not missing anything from this game right now. more monsters would sure look pretty, but it doesn't enhance the gameplay and if i need more stuff to paint, i can wait for the next amazing miniature game... :)
i'm not afraid about not getting all shamans, we'll surely get them. its just the way the sgs are coming. its just so anticlimactic. guessing whats coming up next and getting surprised by awesome new and exclusive stretch goals is the core mechanic that keeps players addicted to kickstarter projects. imo this buy is a decision of reason, because there is a bunch of awesome miniatures and an interesting tactical game mechanic. people don't love decisions of reason.
why is everybody so concerned about not getting all the shamans? this is the number 1 project on kickstarter right now (not just in board games) and before the 48h reminders were sent out and without any crazy add ons as in other campaigns. it's an amazing achievement for being a board game that features miniatures and not a pure miniature game. this will easily end up around 800.000 probably even more... happy to be a part and soon to own another amazing eric lang game.
i wonder what will be decided with shamans for ram clan ... it is logical to assume that they disclosed as a ordinary sg, but what about bakers, who will don’t buy the 5th clan? such  sg they will not congratulate with smiles, i think ... but, again, if ram shamans will for additional price, it destroyed the myth of these ks ... i do not know… cmon for themselves has made problem that will need solved  in a way that everyone be will satisfied ... as the people say, and the sheep of a ram clan healthy, and wolves of wolf clan satisfied…  :d
@tom - we'll get them.  we're moving along at a fantastic pace.  it'll just get better when the 48 hour emails go out.  i don't think there was ever a lot of sgs planned for the campaign.  i think they were expecting a much lower total at this point in the campaign and converted add-ons into sgs to compensate.
@dansxyz - he doesn't want a goat clan.  he wants goats added to the sculpt of thor.
i really like the look of the game and the core miniatures are amazing. i'm disappointed with the way they have managed sg's however. i think that having all the gods be sg's and then all the shamans be sg's has diminished the excitement of this ks campaign. i am not confident that we'll see all the shamans get unlocked. and then what happens? i'm sure other ppl feel the same way. if we do unlock the shamans, i'll always feel that they should have been an add on and that we've missed out on some other cool stuff, (like big monsters), as potential sg's. these are just my observations and some feedback for the next campaign by the devs! i'm still backing and still excited to get the minis that we have unlocked :-)
@gawain_77 - indeed, that's seems the way they will take here. let's hope for ram/bear joint unlock. just 15k to see if that will be true or not. @the schwartz - why are you so obsessed with goats (personal preference or some mythological background for such wish)? i would prefer to see lynx clan, we need some canine representatives here!
however it's not so exciting when we know already probably the next 2 sg...so boring..:/
for retail its pretty obvious: there will be an addon box for gods, shamans and 5th player. so i'm afraid they will put the ram shaman as a own sg that anybody supporting this campaign will get together with tthe other shamans in the appropriate shaman addon box. logistic wise this would be the easiest way for them, but for the backers it is an awful way of solving the problem. so lets hope they do it like you suggested: ram shaman gets unlocked together with bear shaman, this way nobody would mind.
my guess would be that they will be forced to add ram shaman anyway in one form or another. as i see it they would have 3 options - unlock (kind off bad choice for them, but if they make it as unlock together with forth clan, it could be justified), separate box (including all shamans and rules/cards for them - easier to retail later), optional buy (oh boy what a storm it will bring here).
yes that's right i'll say baaaahhh! if i get them goats ;-)
is this @expansiongate, just give me fenris, hel, nidhog or me goat and i'll ba awright ;-)
also: if the ram shaman is not unocked after the other 4, is the expansion still worth it if that clan doesn't even have a shaman and you have to use tokens for it? it will greatly devaluate the expansion!
i really hope they just skip the ram shaman sg and add them for free for addon. for me 5th player expansion would be much more worth it. worst scenario is that we have to unlock ram shaman and it is only added to 5th player expansion, so that the players that don't want to afford the expansion have a worthless sg in the last 48 hours. kind of a damp. we just need some really awesome kickstarter exclusive miniatures to get more of the miniature collectors addicted to this campaign. at the moment most ks exclusives are about 3d tokens. i personally like them, but for miniature collectors they are wortheless most likely.
@adam: it is better now, because you contribute to the stretch goals.
i'm new to pledging. if i want the 5 th player expansion do i change my pledge yo 105 now or is there an option to buy that after the item funds?
thank you all for advises about ram clan :) my pledge is already 105.00, so, all, what can i do - wait for 700000.00 goal :d
you can also take the expansion just to have more choice while picking a clan, of couse. and for the miniatures; if all the shamans/seers re unlocked you still get 11 vikings + 4 tokens + 3 kickstarter exclusives (among which a very beautiful dark elf assassin). still not very expensive for $30.
@ andrius. comparing count of figures in 5th player box (and amount asked for that) to core box, it seems not worth it, if you are not getting 5players ever. i personally always play in 4man group, but as everyone loves to choose for whom they play - it was a no-brainer for me to pick up 5th player box, just for sole reason that it allows to have visual choice. plus i like monster alternate version better in 5th man box.
alternatively a 6th player tied to fenris with an alternate win condition?
oh love the berserker idea! a new game mechanic related to the so called "boar clan"! instead of a 6th player faction it would become something to extend the strategy like shamans/mystics and gods does! what abotut something like berserkers are good at pillaging but have to die the next phase and go to valhalla without glory… basically giving you an edge for only a turn or something related to that? this would symbolize the sheer force of them but at the same time would balance it!
@ andrius  if you will never ever play 5 players for certain then the 5 player add-on is not worth it. however, if you think there is even a small chance you might want to pick up the expansion later -- i'd personally get the expansion now. the reason? the 3d clan tokens are kickstarter exclusive, so one player will have cardboard clan tokens while the rest have fancy plastic tokens if you pick up the expansion retail.  that would bother me personally, if it doesn't you and you don't care about the alt sculpts in the expansion, then probably not worth it.
i will paint all the minis, so the color diferences will give 8 player game. and lots of monsters....b-)
the cost of the 5th player pack is too high for the minis that are included, so i prefer to get 2 games instead. if a last addon with a 5th+6th clan plus some big monters maybe i will drop some money here.
@andrius - the best solution is to get the ram clan and find an extra person who's keen to play :) i know i'm glad of a fifth-player option... my group has too many good four-player games that get passed over whenever we get 5 or 6 people sitting at the table.
@andrius  if you have the money i'd say yes. mostly because it will probably cost more to buy it later on, plus you never know when you might have a 5th player who wants to join. also, if the clans are the same game-play wise, in a 4 player game nobody will get stuck playing their least favorite clan. i know it's silly, but sometimes you get that person that just doesn't want to use a particular one.
$30 for 13 miniatures, a ship and a couple of cards or spend a little over double $70 ($75)  and get a complete second pledge and have eight players worth of miniatures and a zilion monsters and stuff. .
hello everyone, goatlikers :) i would like to hear the advice, is it worth to buy ram clan? as i understand it, the initial attitude will not be changed and clan rules will not differ from each other, the specific units will not appear ... i know that miniatures are beautiful, but does 5th clan is worth your money if you will not have five players?
by the way, i'm in for some big monsters too!
anyway to find a specific comment in this forum?
@pressureman - very cool idea with fenris challenging the gods!
yep morning time here in eu � goats are eating their grass now...
yessir @melekh the goats willing it is ;-)
it's 11 am in central europe, a good time for a brunch :)
did you guys get up early or did you stay up late?  or is sleep "for the weak" with you guys?  how is there this much traffic at this hour?
and by the goats of vingthor we just passed the 600k line. pull harder me goats pull haaarrrderrr! ;-)
ok. thank you guys for the fast responce.
@lau you will get a link to a pledge manager later where you specify this.
yes @lau thats right.
@ lau yes that is correct
@pressureman, yes you are right i think is is a small project but im afraid to lose the full shaman pack....100$ for the current stuff is more than enough for me. but i lost the last zombicide and i hope the cmon makes blood rage as big as the zombicide was!! still happy and waiting of the las 48 hours surprises!!
now - what kind of surprises can we hope for in the last 48 hours?  something ks-exclusive, probably.  not sure what's in store regarding the anticipated boar clan.  a 6th-player reveal would be a bit anticlimactic at this late stage of th ks.  maybe the boars are berserkers that are not specicifically aligned to any one clan?  we'll know more soon. and how about fenris?  we have to get fenris.  maybe a god-killing mechanic would work - the player who "controls" fenris can gain glory by challenging the gods in the different provinces directly. what i do expect is that the last-big-thing will be sweet eye-candy and have some interesting twist on gameplay.  that formula has worked well-enough so far!
fenriswolf as a sg or add-on does not matter to me as long as we get it ;-) the seers should be complete soon-ish... hel would be nice too. someone had the idea she could have the possibility to send warriors to hel instead of valhall to negate points, pretty nifty idea imho.
all new to kickstarter. is it right that i pledged $105 and then im in for the 5th player expansion?
must be time for an add-on and more stretch goals to get the ball rolling!
broke the 600k!
@jorge: i think that this campaign should be compared with smog or dogs of war, rather than zombicide or conan.  it's a single-board strategy game rather than a dungeon crawler.  to be honest, i think that it has funded extremely well, and proven that minis sell games - even games (like this one) that have no fundamental need to have great minis. there's probably no fundamental benefit for cmon in making this ks grow exponentially - it just becomes increasingly complex and expensive to fulfil.
$600k!
i dont know if the ks projection of this game was too small o they have this planning as it goes but i think that the sgs are boring compared with other i seen. zombicide has lots of fun extra stuff and conan was big in monsters and expansión, personaly i dont get all the available stuff but some people does andmake the project grow!! two days left and the shamans are a little punch to last hours bankers!!
goodnight all, see the next sg in the morning! around 2 or 3 p.m. est?
i've liked your "under control" vibe frecois, it's a solid theme. we'll get there by odin's beard!
could have been worse... for a while the intention was to have the 5 stretched goats after 700k being alternative sculpts for the second seer of each clan... up to 1m$. ;-)
the shaman stretch goals are frustrating and stretching out far too long.
620k, 660k and 700k for the last seers. 750k, 800k, 850k and 900k for the last 4 big monsters, if we get to them, and it would have been a very successful ks. at the 1m mark there is the "how to use every conan mini in blood rage", but unfortunately we won't get that far unless... nothing can go wrong. everything is under control.
yessir @yishay, can't wait for me goatsssss! ;-)
@schwartz - yes, lets hope we hit 700,000 usd soon, so the shamans would be completed and we can get some actually interesting things in the game already. the next few sgs are nothing more then cosmetics, and it is really annoying. the shamans could have simply been a type of monster, there was no need for 4 sgs to be devoted to them.
@yishay also hope for fenris and hel the last two children of loki not yet in the game assuming that the sea serpent is jormundgand or midgårdsormen as we call it in denmark. and me goats of course! ;-)
@schwartz: yes, i'm still in. the game itself is great, and the difference between buying it on the ks and retail is worth the few exclusives we'll be getting. however, i think spending 6 sgs on the gods was a huge mistake. this game didn't need more surly bearded man in heroic poses, it needed more epic monsters.
yes yes! by mjölnir me goats and the chariot of thor the mighty! ;-)
i think we'll hit 8000 backers or so, $950k or more and probably have at least one or two add-on's. the 48 hour mark and add-on's will push this up pretty high. there isn't too much left that could be added on for a board game. maybe some additional monsters, a 6th clan, an additional board. maybe even some goats...
@yishay dissapointed or not we're so far getting a good deal here. just hopes me goats comes jumping along in these final hours ;-)
i have to say, i am really disappointed from the sgs so far. the shamans are cool, but they are basically just 5 times the same sg. the gods were visually none-exciting and game-play wise boring. i expected more monsters, more clan abilities and so on. i expected to see fenrir. this is a little underwhelming. the base game looks amazing, but i see little reason to fund it and not just buy it when it is out for half the price. very disappointing.
itm! i see the goats have pulled us close towards the 20k limit. we are closing in on the next seer. pull me goats puuullllll!@#! ;-)
@cullen in the first shaman update, they mentioned that if all the different shaman goals weren't reached, the shaman variant would still be available, but the different clans would all have the same cards/sculpts. so if, for some reason, the rest of the stretch goals didnt get hit, the remaining clans would just have to use a miniature that looks like the shaman of an opposing team.
cullen, don't know sure, but with two first shamans came 6 upgradecards and not with 3. shaman, so 6 upgrades enough
if we don't unlock all of the "shaman" for each clan will it matter when we are playing? for example, if we only get 3/5 shaman, during game play 2 of the clans won't have shaman cards. how will that affect the game?
ok yeah i got ya, guess you would need 6 figures, right
blood rage! am i the only one who's drunk and awake on a saturday?
and now i have to go to bed as well.  whose idea was it to have infants wake up so d#^$ early?
@bruce - no, because you have 6 cards and only 4 minis right now.  once you get 6 of each, it'll be "complete"*. . * pending further information.
@don actually i think it's already fully playable, wolf shammies only come with reference card
ok, i really am out of here for the night.  my oldest has a soccer game in 7 hours.  ughhh!  why on earth do they start some of these games so early on a sunday?
in fact, if i'm understanding things correctly, we're only getting 6 god gift cards for shamans, so the expansion will be fully playable after the next sg.  after that, it's just adding extra minis so that each player gets their own separate look.
i imagine i will want the figures for all the clans.  the completest in me would cry out in pain if not.  but of course, if i don't get the 5th player add-on that is one less sg i have to worry about.  plus i'm not sure i'd want to play it with 5.  i think 3 or 4 for this games looks to have just about the right amount of chaos.
@batei - the updates make it sound like the rules will be adjusted depending on how many sets of shamans are unlocked.
when they send out the pledge manager, you just check the box for 5th player expansion instead of art book.
@psycho azian: yes, you're fine. just add the funds to cover whatever add-ons you want, and after the campaign is finished we'll send you a pledge manager where you'll be able to indicate exactly what you want.
@psycho - you take care of the total now.  details will be dealt with after the campaign.  so, you're good to go.
i'm out of here.  i don't think thiago is interested in my question.  lol!
i pledge $105. do i get the 5th player expansion? this is my first time backing something up so i'm not 100% sure.
@donn - i do, but i also have two friends that bailed on this one to fund myth.  that might be an issue.  i'm staying because i like eric lang's work and vikings are awesome.  :)
"beginning of the end". that should be the name of the setup chapter in the rulebook...
ya man nothing to worry about. it picked up good today and it's just the beginning of the end.
@donnbobhardy: at the speed we're going, it won't take long...
@batei - you're a regular, so you should already know about the 48 hour rush.
@donn -  i hope we do unlock them.  i worry about the ks running out of steam.
@thiago - any idea how many more sgs it will take to define it?
@jeremy i think it might be his left arm bent at the elbow, might look better if it was in a relaxed, straight position? maybe his eyebrows too lol
@thiago - is there anything coming up that might sweeten the deal for the 5th player expansion?  i'm finding it difficult to justify the cost.  help a brother out.  :)
@batei - there won't be any missing shamans.  we're in great shape to unlock the rest.
@donnbobhardy: that is yet to be defined.
@the schwartz - you mean the water damage?
the shamans for the clans we don't have, yet donn.
@dbh look close there is a shadow in the image... it must be the goat steeds! - it must be@$$!?! ;-)
@thiago - in 4 or 5 colors?
@donnbobhardy: yes, the shaman expansion will come with extra colored bases. @the schwartz: you're jumping at shadows now? ;-)
@batei - what missing shamans?
that's i couldn't sleep... ;-)
@the schwartz - nope.  i heard it was a ship made out of the finger nails of dead warriors.
my worry is that we will probably have to buy the missing shamans, and that would most likely make having the 5th player box end up being $40 or $45 to complete which is more than half the original game's price.  am i missing something here?
@thiago - and if you're feeling informative, it would be really nice to know the plan for 5th player shamans.  if they're added to the 5th player, they can't really be played without the shaman expansion.  if they're added to the shaman expansion, they can't really be used without the 5th player expansion.
he he i gues i have to repeat myself: is that the shadow of tanngrisnir and tanngnjóstr jumping in front of the chariot i see in the bottom graphic of the update!##%? ;-)
@thiago - will the shaman expansion be coming with more colored discs?  since you can technically have 8 warriors, a leader, 2 small monsters, and 2 shamans, we'll be short 2 discs in each color.
i'm going to hop out for the evening, but before i go i wanted to say a couple things since we're nearing the 48hr mark. in 20 hours... so, i don't know much about this company or how they operate but they had are pretty solid plan regarding this campaign, even though some disagree, but what do i know? the shaman grinding sucks, but seeing the figures is pretty cool, and i'm willing to bet that by maybe noon-ish (est) tomorrow that we'll be well on our way to unlocking the bear dude. while trying to raise enough pledges to unlock it we'll inevitably overlap with the 48hr mark, in which case i think it'll turn into a free for all. my point is that we've speculated for a few days what may or may not be next, but i'll willing to bet we're going to bang through probably 2 by tomorrow evening, maybe a third, and we'll have the last 1 or 2 possible add-ons by tomorrow night or even monday depending on how things are going. whadya think? glory, i'm out.
i wish the 5th player box was a better deal.  that price is really high compared to the game itself. :(  a realistic price point might get more people to up their pledge.
@justin strickland: there were artbooks for rivet wars and xenoshyft. for what it's worth, i find the quality to be quite excellent...
@fenring - i've heard ramen is cheap.
has cmon done art books for their other campaigns? and if so what was the quality.
so i make my 130bucks :-d i dont know what the hell i will eat after funding :d :d
nope.  never mind.  we're already at the 4th best day of the campaign so far.
5th best day of the campaign with over $40k.  almost 4th best day, but we're running out of time to crack that nut.
goooooaaaaaatssss!!!
or, if the schwartz has anything to do with it, baaaaaaacknarok.
48 hours is when the key notice goes out.
i know. isn't it exciting. ..! \(*●*)/ woo!!
hopefully that'll trigger backnarock.
i just noticed we hit the hour countdown.
hmm.. not sure i care for the wolf shaman sculpt.  something about it seems... off.  i just can't put my finger on it.  with that said, however, i don't care much for the particular drawing of him either.  i think it may be that the arms are too small.
@mikademus aw man, i wouldn't care if you could draft any of loki's children, it would be just as cool to have them on the board smashing stuff! pew pew! bleh...! vikings and monster dying left and right! or have a variant rule where, if you have a notorious board flipper playing, hand them one of loki's offspring so they can use it to knock pieces over instead of throwing the board! yeah...ima genius...
@gawain_77, yeah, the teutonic connection is really cool too! basically, pre-norse times we were the same culture, and i actually like the differences that emerged because it makes it so much more interesting! :thumbsup:
@lobst5r thompson, we haven't seen the midgard serpent (jörmungandr/jǫrmungandr) yet! you know, another anumal offspring of loki, the snake circumventing the entire world, biting its own tail. when it releases its bite on itself ragnarök will come. (which is why some people were pissed when thor fished for it and dragged to the surface, almost forcing it to release the bite. but don't worry, thor killed the ones saving the world for interfering with his fishin'!)  the problem with fenris and jǫrmungandr, though, is that they're immensely powerful, comparable to the gods themselves, so they might be way op as draftable units unless pathetically nerfed :(
@madscientist the project will continue to pick up steam. we will hit 660k easily.
the real question is how do we get enough people to back this game to $660k so we can all get shamans (or whatever they will be called) for each clan. i mean it's obviously worth the price with all the miniatures that are now included. where else can we spread the word?
@gawain, i agree with you, $11 is very cheap. here, the dolar reached the highest value since 2003. this and the 60% custom tax is a big let down. because of these points that i think that cmon could be more precise with the shipping price.but, we know, a high cost shipping scares new backers...
@mikademus, hey, that banner in the last update was bothering me because i really wanted to see the ship in it , yknow, but i couldn't really see it. so when i sat down at a monitor to look at it on a larger screen, i kind thought it looked like and ear of corn or something, with a skull planted in the top of it. and that made even less sense, so i really really looked over the banner a few times and i think i noticed more of a design below the one everyone was pointing out, and i swear it looks like an animal's head, and the design above it is a tail. i'm not jumping to conclusions yet, it might just be design work in the shaman card that i missed, but if it is a clue it could be another monster sculpt, right?
@mikademus: living north of hamburg, the part of germany where vikings settled. norse mythology is really fascinating, harsh and battle orientated. in addition the analogy in the mythology of vikings and teutons is very interesting. they share quite a few things with only slightly different names. @rodrigo: yes the hub for europe is in germany, i think its hamburg. but the shipping costs of $11 for a double pledge + addons was really lower than expected even considering a german hub. dollar was cheap at that time, so shippment was at almost no cost. nevertheless i can understand your concerns.
@gawain, i beleive that they have a germany or europe hub, that brings the shipping price down. i'm from brazil, as some fellows here, and cmon failed to give us a correct or near to real estimated shipping price, what is weird since they have strong connections here in brazil (thiago and the review, for example)
looks like we may hit 600k before the night is done.
@ rudolfo da fonseca i am in total agreement that a second, and in my opinion, larger board is necessary. if the board was the return and pillaging of hel the awesome. on another note my personal feelings is in line with what many people here are saying that the stretch goals are lack luster and the limited number of ks exclusive miniatures is disappointing. now i understand it from cmon's side in that this game is meant to played with a limited number of miniatures and that they don't want to flood the board. my counter to that is that the problem could be solved with a rule along the lines of "add 3 random age i monster cards to the stack." this would allow there to be more monsters, more miniatures for those of us who want them, and increased replay as there will be a different combination of monsters every time.
@rudolfo, np. glad you enjoyed it! our norse heritage is one thing i am very proud of and i am so happy the world is interested in it! it really is one of the coolest mythologies in the world!
@mikademus that's exactly the one. strange for them to just put it there isn't it? thank you for teaching us man! how brilliant would it be if the 6th clan expansion included a board allowing us to pillage hel?
@fran seaz, lol, personally i think goats are only good for kebabs! :)
"in the year 40k there is only war!"  bah, pussies! for vikings there is only was and then we come back on corpsenail hellships, fight again, and destroy all of creation! 40k is for wimps!
bed time for me. nice talking to you guys! let's see what i'll find here tomorrow
@agreave -thumbs up! :-) we're all in for the same thing! (goats???)
fingernail hellship?  this guy's fun to have around.
and then the white christ came and all was made good! :)
@mikademus i am so pumped right now!! blargh! rage! that is awesome!
@lobst5r thompson: norse mythology is the allfather of metal, man! and yeah nagelfare/naglfar/naglfari cool, but far from the coolest part :) like did you know that loki disguised himself as a female giant, got pregnant and gave birth to the fenris warg, then was later fettered with the only things that could hold him--the entrails of his child fenris--on a shap rock under a viper dripping poison in his eyes,, drops caught by his wife sigyn, but when she empties the bowl loki shakes in pain causing earthquakes. norse mythology is shock full of tungsten heavy metal!
@francisco, no offence intended and i'm glad you saw it that way :)
@donn, exactly-he seemed to imply an objective view, which it was not.
@mikademus, that was so specific a guess it was bizarre...and awesome! hellboat? right? is that what you're telling me? a fingernail boat filled with dead people that come back specifically to murder...? that is the most metal thing i've heard all day...!
i still think an updated video would be nice. maybe going over the cards available, tactics and such. bring in a different perspective for the 48 hour rush!
@agreave- it would have been subjective even if he had played.
@agreave - lol my nationality 's got nothing to do with my opinion about a game x-d it's a long story about all the legal problems tha there were at the moment, but it was all solved.
@fran - huh.  i guess something did finally happen.  i stand corrected.  hope you finally get it.
@brad, oh-okay, subjective opinion then! :)
nice one mikademus!
i think i came into this expecting a slow campaign since i was following it on fb.  they announced there that it would be a two week campaign and that 80% of the game was finished and would deliver by september.  put all that together and it wouldn't make sense for them to try and blow the roof off with tons of sgs, add ons, and a massive funding total.
@rudolfo da fonseca . "did anyone notice, by the way, the symbol/rune at the end of the last update? any of our viking-descended backers able to shed light? looked like a clue to me..." . you mean the stone carvings at the end of #23? it looks like a viking dragon ship riding the waves. the skulls surrounding it are an artistic liberty but in context could indicate that the ship is nagelfare ("the voyager of nails")--a ship in hel entirely made from the parts of the nails growing after death--that will set sail at ragnarök carrying the dead legions to to battle against the aesir and valhalla honoured warriors.
@donn, i assume that @francisco's opinion of hq25 is because (massive assumption here!) he is spanish, the one country it was legal so maybe a bit biased?
@donnbobhardy - i'm sorry you stopped to know about hq25 there. the game was finally very successfully funded at lanzanos.com and we backers are going to get it in a couple of months. it looks amazing. the problems with trademarks were finally solved and explained :-) if you wanna see looooong lists of stretch goals take a look at it.
@rudolfo, i think it looks like a ship or a serpent, not sure. as far as how this campaign has been run i think it has gone well. it is a board game with figures, not the other way around. i think for the price, we're getting a great game for a great deal. you can please some, but not all the people. if you don't like something about it, change it. if you think that thor's hammer doesn't look like it should modify it or replace it. it's part of the fun in making it your game.
with this being my first ks experience it'll certainly be interesting to see how others go. at least i can say this has not been a money grab and considering the amount that will finally be pledged it's obviously been a very successful campaign, boring or otherwise.
@fran - heroquest was a scam.  i honestly can't believe you would compare it to anything.  there was no communication afterwards, because kickstarter (and the next two crowd-funding websites they tried to use) closed down the project due to trademark violations.
@agreave i haven't played it, but all of the other eric lang games i've played haven't been disappointing.
@brad, you've played it then? did you do test games, how was it?
frankly, i'd rather have a boring ks and a fun game than the other way around.  this certainly looks like a fun game.  the campaign has been crap.  no excitement.  minimal cmon interaction.  as much as i'd love answers to more of the questions we've been asking, i'm enjoying the fact that i don't have to worry about this skyrocketing out of my budget.  it's a fun game.  we're getting our money's worth.  if the campaign is too boring for you, go read some other ks campaign's comments and wait for your game and all of your goodies to arrive in september.
@donnbobhardy - absolutely. the campaign was just perfect. you might be thinking of the communication with backers afterwards (almost non). anyway, my comments was more regarding the quantity of sg and material received by backers, independent of the game type.
i'm actually stoked that i don't have to shell out hundreds of dollars on this kickstarter project to get a great game.
i actually think the campaign has gone exactly as they wanted so far.
i think for whatever reason they just didn't have anywhere near enough ks exclusive minis ready so had to start adding planned expansions instead. i mean, it's great for us, getting expansions for free, but surely it makes better business sense to give us other bits and pieces when some, maybe even most of us would buy the expansions at a later date anyway.
@francisco - heroquest25?  that is your example of a well run campaign?
thanks a lot everybody with the explaining if the shipping issue. excuse me for bringing misunderstanding v_v'
did anyone notice, by the way, the symbol/rune at the end of the last update? any of our viking-descended backers able to shed light? looked like a clue to me...
@fransisco +1, sorry but this is the dullest ks i've taken part in too, the product looks really sound and the core minis (some additional ones are okay) are really nice but the tedium and predictable sgs is terrible, i now understand the short ks-this for a month would be unbearable imo! wish i'd done 'remind' and missed this part.
i hope things start seriously picking up, we've got two seer models and 2 ( pom assuming cmon will do the right thing and add one to the expansion) left.
it's interesting, and worrying, to see the comments about shipping costs. personally i've quite carefully taken into account what was quoted. i'd imagine those in the hubs (germany, china, canada, australia and of course the usa) would be okay, but the rest of us, maybe not so much.
hello everyone, goats included ;-) new backer here from spain (europe) well, i've been reading all (really!) of the comments here, and i would like to share my impressions... first and mainly i like the game for what ive seen by now. ive been a backer for mainly dungeons before, like conan or heroquest25, and though i understand the mechanics of this game to be so different to that, still i find it interesting, and the minis obviously will match those perfectly so! having said that, this cf is the most boring one ive been pledging into. imo the seers and the gods add to the game as any other idea would have, and are not a must for playing it, so they should have been add-ons. the premise that we shouldn't be here just for the minis doesn't work imo, as then all we should ask for is a drawing in a napkin and peanuts as counters (also for snacks :-) also, having been a backer at hq25 in which every mini was already a different model, i find it quite inappropiate to waste stretch goals for that. no good. and in the same line of thoughts, still too short on rewards for my money compared to other cf.
@rodrigo: this isn't true for all cmon games. season 3 was very cheap in shipping at least for germany. i really wondered about that, i payed half of the money i payed for season 2. ram-shaman-seer-mystic: i really hope they just adding it to the addon for free once the bear-shaman is unlocked. the 5th-player addon for $30 isn't that attractive, 2 miniatures more could help to sell it.
wow that was a fast 10k
lol not sadly. thanks, otto.
my thoughts sadly exactly don. can't wait to see how these next few days go, should be super exciting
@all - keep in mind that we have hit over $20k per day since this started.  today, we're on track to do over $40k.  i'd be horrendously surprised if we don't pull in at least $100k between the last two days.  my estimate for the final total is $850k.  and i trust cmon not to do partial expansions after this, because they know that as we get closer to the end, we'll run a real risk of not completing them.  the last few sgs will be the big stuff everyone has been hoping for.
@jevr - we've been asking about that a lot.  i expect that they have no intention of answering until we get there.
and what about ram clan shaman for those of us getting the 5th player expansion?
@adam - it's a moot point.  we'll get all of the shamans with room to spare.
presumably the next stretch goal will be shamans from the bear cla. my question is this, if that goal doesn't meet will backers be given the option to buy those separately or will we have to buy all the clans shamans in an expansion pack even though well already have most of them?
@nivesh this was a neat site with a list of reference book recommendations that i found. http://norse-mythology.org/the-10-best-norse-mythology-books/
international shipping is always underestimatd by cmon. it was in zombicide 3 (that i droped because of this), then in rum & bones again and it will be in blood rage for sure. i expect almost twice than the adevertised..
@nivesh - start with a search on "norse mythology".  it's just so part of my countries culture and dark age history that i just kind of know lots of it - but every time i read about norse mythology or vikings i always learn something new :)
@paul sousa, exactly but unfortunately not everyone thinks like that. and i'm sure the estimates are for bare bones base pledges and people still get add-ons.
i just backed this game seeing it was a popular choice. now i am interested in this but totally unaware of this world of serpents, thor, odin, trolls etc. can someone please link me to a specific website where i can learn all about this world?! thank you.
agree - if cmon estimated the r&b base game to be $15 shipping to au, but it turned out to be $34, i would expect cmon to revise their estimate for br unless they have found a cheaper way to ship?
hope there will be at least one additional kickstarter exclusive monster. up to now we have three that is not so much. rum and bones were on a total different scale here.
if i ever run a ks campaign i'm not going to give any estimates for shipping.  i've seen campaigns give overestimates and get complaints for that, now apparently cmon has given underestimates and is getting flak.  projecting shipping 6-12 months in advance for an approximate weight and size is way too volatile imo.
and blood rage is a worse case, because most of its sg are cut from expansions, not ks exclusives. if you're going to pay 5,60 bucks for shipping, it should be cheaper to just buy the game and exp in retail.
@kuangkai +1 cmon needs to respond to the backers on rum & bones. their silence is shameful. i'm happy with what i paid for shipping there (us backer) but a lot of people are having serious issues and nobody from cmon is giving them any attention. they deserve better.
@cmon, see the angry folks in rum &bones there, maybe you shall adjust the shipping statement section now to reflect the real costs, and start to answering their questions! maybe cmon is a good minature company, but it's not an honest company. i don't want to see you still use the same statement in your next game since you had already aq, r&b experience to estimate the real shipping cost.
@thiago - i understand the demand may not have been high for extra monsters in other games, but trolls and giants are very common to use in groups in many other games. i've read more than a few request for monster add-ons here and on other forums. what about a "troll pack" and a "giant pack"? i would buy an extra set of each simply to use in rise of the runelords and the new pathfinder giantslayer adventure path. i plan on using the shamans in rpgs as well, but one of each is fine. trolls and giants travel in groups so gamers tent to need a lot... and the ones here are outstanding! if it isn't financially feasible i understand. just thought i'd ask. ^_^
@francisco: you don't add your shipping into the pledge now because both kickstarter and stripe take a % of the money you donate.  in doing so, you end up paying more for shipping in the long run because you have to make up the difference for the shipping.  it's dumb.  don't do it.
the creator has spoken! thou shalt not add moneys to pledge for shipping! for the glory!! and goats:)
adding shipping to pledges would also boost the total hugely, i see what francisco was trying to do there  lol
please don't include shipping in your current pledge total. shipping will be charged after the campaign is completed, once the pledge manager goes out to backers. adding your shipping to your pledge now complicates the process later on.
@stonwaul, am i sensing the stirrings of a berserker rage? :)
@francisco shipping is charged after the kickstarter.
dear backers, just remember to at least introduce the shipment cost in your pledge to increase the total pledge and unlock stretch goals. you are going to pay it anyway, so at least pay it wisely. the "estimated" costs from the story description: "as a rough estimate, the game will cost about $10 to ship in the usa and to hong kong, about $15 to australia, about $15-$25 in the eu and canada, all the way up to $50 to singapore and south america,  but this may increase or decrease based on the quantity of stretch goals we might unlock and your carrier choices."
@coralline algae: optional buys of the exclusive wolfman, mystic troll, and mountain giant? not sure if it would be feasible, but i can look into it. i don't know if the interest for that would warrant it.
@stonewaul - you're worried over nothing. i see this is your first cmon kickstarter. trust us, we will clear all the shamans and at least 4 more stretch goals after them. no worries.
beyond upset at the current  stretch goals!!! are toy kidding me? each clan 1 at a time rewards? so if all 4 stretch goals aren't reached for each clan to get their respective shaman then what? will the left out clans truly be getting screwed over?! this is an outrageous waste of stretch goals. include the shaman in a bundle for crying out loud. what a way to slap your supporters in the face.
pretty sure schwartz wants goats.
does schwartz want goats?
@jeff - no problem. that happens to me too. @thiago - what are the chances of us being able to buy extra monsters at some point? i'd be willing to buy them retail if they weren't ks exclusives, but seeing as this will be out only shot, how about adding them to the pm or as an optional add-on? i love that this game doesn't have a lot of add-ons, but those giants and trolls are so beautiful.
@ miguel. well thats easy for you to say...
@coralline i misread the page but i will still get the book as a painting reference for the minis :)
that's what i thought. thanks for the clarification thiago. i must have read his comment wrong.
@coralline algae: the art book doesn't come with anything extra.
@jeff beuermann - is there really going to be an additional mini with the art book?
@koen @david thanks for clarifying
@koen; i take way too long to post on my phone, lol.
@jeff; if you are looking at the pages through the 'explore here' links, that just takes you to the updates posted for when those items were announced.  that is why those sgs don't update on the linked.  also the they aren't tied to the purchase of the optional add-ons, they are already unlocked :).
@jeff , there is no figure that comes with the art book as far as i can see. the figure mentioned in the update that the book addon was revealed was the stretch goal at that time and has been unlocked allready.
wow, i'm liking the pace.
el seid involucraba el encantamiento con hechizos, a diferencia del galðrar que era más práctico, era más chamánico y se enfatizaba en trances extáticos.1 los practicantes de seid eran predominantemente mujeres (völva, o seiðkona, lit. «mujer que ve»), aunque también había practicantes masculinos (seiðmaðr (sjåmadhr), lit. «hombre que ve»). en la edad vikinga el seid tenía connotaciones de ergi («poco viril o afeminado») para los hombres, ya que sus aspectos manipuladores iban en contra del ideal de hombre franco, de conducta sincera. freyja y quizás algunas de las otras diosas de la mitología nórdica eran practicantes de seid, así como lo era odín, un hecho que algunos creen que le avergonzaba, ya que loki en lokasenna lo acusó de practicante de seid como una forma de insulto. sin embargo, otros creen que por ser el más importante de todos los dioses, estaba por encima de esas leyes morales, así como los dioses en las religiones politeístas de otros pueblos indoeuropeos. los anglosajones tenían palabras que al parecer eran cognados de seiðr: siden y sidsa, ambas utilizadas en contextos que sugieren que eran usadas por elfos (ælfe); estas al parecer tenían un significado similar a seiðr (hall 2004, pp. 117-30). entre las palabras en inglés antiguo para designar a los practicantes de magia estaban las palabras wicca (m.) o wicce (f.), etónimos de la palabra en inglés moderno witch (bruja) pero sin conexión alguna entre wiccan y siden o sidsa. wiki-
@thiago - don't worry about the sewers - but feel free for a zombicide crossover character or two... ;)
@renato lule: i wouldn't dream of depriving schwartz of his goat-chanting fun. he does that every ks. pick some oddly specific thing he'd like to see in the game and play that note until the end of the campaign. i do have half a mind to introduce a sewers expansion to blood rage... ;-p
@jeff i think you might need to refresh the front page neither have a lock on them and as far as i can remember never did.  both have been optional add-ons from the moment they were added no goal to achieve them, just an extra $25 or $30.
both the optional add-ons have stretch goals that still showed locked yet the total for the project has exceeded these amounts. are they being tracked differently or is this just an over sight? i'm interested in the additional mini that comes with the book but if that isn't unlocked don't want to up my pledge by 25. can someone please advise.. thanks
me too.
@pete - that painted fire giant is one if the most beautiful minis i've ever seen.
thanks for mentioning facebook paul, a good look at the minis and some beautiful painting there.
shipping to australia and new zealand is stated at about $15. the same statement was made with rum & bones but the shipping for the base game was actually $34! isn't it time to start telling the truth about shipping costs. if you intend to stick to the "about $15" line then, perhaps, cmon should absorb any extra costs.
@xipe - a number of people buy two copies and can come close to covering the cost of the copy they keep with the profit from what they sell.
@paul, i guess that would make sense once the games are released on general sale
he he @renato good night ;-)
@xipe - big time.  ks exclusives can fetch good money on ebay.
@teowulff, does that happen a lot with ks items?
i definitely think a lof of people will buy 2 or more sets to either re-sell them, to use the extra minis for other purposes or re-sell the minis with a lot of profit.
right xipe, more minis for about the same expense.
@pete, there have been some who have definitely expressed an interest in doing that rather than buy two additional clans and get a lot less figures.
1/10 :)
thanks paul.
@pete - check the br facebook page to see some production minis.
hmm..  is the overall quality of the minis in this project unique enough that some of you mini painter peeps are considering buying two sets of these?
@fenring click the blue manage button and add the dollar amount for the add-on(s) you want.  it will be sorted out later in the ckpm (pledge manager)
oh thanks :-)
they'll ask you what you want after.
just increase your pledge by the amount of the add on.
@thiago, could you please, please, either confirm or deny whether thor is getting his goat chariot? no offense to schwartz but the goat comments are just too much.
hey guys, how to buy an addon?
i like the fact there's not hundreds of add-ons on this one. i get everything for $130, unlike, say, conan.  that one really hurt my wallet.
it maybe makes sense that only some gods would be linked with the shaman.
se ya'll hope the goats have pulled us to the next seer in the morning. :-)
still waiting for another gameplay video.
like every other thing in the game, the shamans change based on your strategy and card choices, not the clan you choose. the clans are identical and look different for added cool factor, which is important to the game - it means you are completely free to choose your own strategy at the beginning of the game. the card is just so you'd remember how much power they are worth when fighting and their base special ability, as they don't appear on the clan cards.
incedible pledge speed btw, keep it up!
@donn - i am guessing they used the same image twice just to represent the cards, but well actually see all six gods when it is produced.
wow! almost $30k for the day already. backers are piling in like crazy. the clan's war of conquest has begun!
actually, looking at the card, it's to tell you the shaman invades for free  lol
i guess they give you a place to put your upgrade cards.
haven't seen any goat reference cards yet, where are they? hidden in a fog of ozone divine i guess ;-)
they are just reference cards, not needed at all.  like reference cards for most games i own i don't use them anymore.
@paul - they've already shown us the 6 cards, and they only use 3 gods.
maybe it'll just have generic info on it, no more than 2 from each clan etc, perhaps a little colourful blurb of what a shaman is.
my assumption is the six clan upgrade cards will be one for each god, each with their own unique effect.  you draw the card, add your clans shaman to the game, and use the effect of the upgrade card.
but, then why have the reference cards at all?
@donn, it doesn't seem like they've tried to make any characters have unique abilities compared to their counterparts, so i wouldn't bank on it. i'd imagine all the shaman will have their own generic clan reference card.
@donn - the clan upgrade cars are where the shamans become unique.  i am not expecting anything beyond that gameplay wise from them.
on the other hand, we also have a reference card for each clan that is also currently pointless, because all it does its call out the fact that all shamans are identical.  so, maybe once we get all 5 (or 6?) sets, those will change to give us unique shaman abilities?
but then why bother making any of the little warriors different? we could've just had one sculpt and just used the different coloured bases to differentiate... it's the beautiful minis that make this game for me, so the more different sculpts the better, whatever they are. mind, i was on the side of this being a waste of stretch goals to begin with and believe it should've been left as an expansion for later on, but now they've started with it i definitely want all the different clan sculpts.
already 2.5k along the way to next seer. nice!
but they don't need to match.  you could have any 6 minis, call them shamans (forget about the pointless clan distinction) with the 6 cards and be done.  we could move on to other sgs instead of adding additional models that serve no purpose.
you wouldn't want to use the same troll mini as all the other monsters, would you?
@ donn, but you may well need 2 for each clan being played.
@paul, definitely, it has to be better for each clan to have its own sculpts rather than only use one or two designs for all clans. that was my worry with them doing the stretch goals this way; in case only some of the shaman were unlocked. i do know that won't happen now, though, thankfully.
@coralline haha yea they better and you are welcome. while i do like anticipation and guessing what will be next i do like these shaman a lot. i am backing this ks to be able to get what looks like a great game. i don't really care how much excitement is in the campaign for it. doesn't make sense to add excitement in the campaign by having a monster or whatever each sg especially if they don't or won't have time to balance them with the rest of the game.
@xipe - during a game you might not use all of the monsters, but you will never need more than 6 shamans in any game.
@donn, by that logic you may never use some of the monsters during a game, either
@donnbobhardy - i would guess each clan would want its own shamans though to not cause any confusion when they are on the board (i know base counters could help too, but then why make each clan look different at all).
just let us bag these last seers so we can go for fenris! ;-)
nice catch @niklas at least he doesn't look a goat... aaarrrrhhggg! the goats! bring on me goatsss! ;-)
@coralline yes!
the troll kind of looks like some sort of a lizard  lol
@yardswimmer - thanks! it's great to see some support for these sculpts. they definitely didn't pull any punches on the details. the villagers better stay out of the shaman's/mystic's way!  ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ
new theory.  the way it sounds, we are only go to have 6 cards total, which means a max of 6 shamans total.  maybe the next sg will be to stay at 6 minis, but make alt sculpts of them?  i mean, it seems like a waste to have 10 shamans when you will never have more than 6 in play ever.
@cmon - please let us add extra monster sculpts to our pledges! i need more of those amazing trolls! they're first rate. nobody else has them in this style and quality.
@coralline i agree with you. i like this one a lot.
@coralline i agree with you. i like this one a lot.
oh yeah, damn lol the wolfman wasn't on the list of sg i was looking at!
i have realised that the troll is sculpted after the swedish prime minister stefan löfven...:-o the nose is spot on :-o
i love the new shaman/mystic. absolutely worth waiting for. can't wait for the next one.
perhaps a 6th clan expansion (which i agree would be an alternative rather than a 6th player expansion) would come with alternate sculpts of the mountain giant, mystic troll and possibly another that could pop up as the next sg after the shaman are done with?
@xipe: the wolfman. :)
also are there going to be stretch goals for shamans for the green fifth player addon and likely sixth clans or will those be automatically unlocked after unlocking the standard four clans? i really hope they have something better than more shaman stretch goals.
aren't we missing an extra monster for age ii? age i   - dwarf chieftain +alternate sculpt with ram clan pack & mountain giant age ii  - dark elf +alternate sculpt with ram clan pack age iii - soldier of hel +alternate sculpt with ram clan pack & mystic troll
@ryan - and i would expect it to just be a sixth faction add on, not a sixth player (would still only go to 5p).
@ryan - i think it falls in line with my thoughts on their approach to this campaign.  they had a product basically ready to go to production so they are running a very conservative campaign.  the sixth clan add-on wouldn't be all that sexy, but neither are six straight god sgs followed by four straight shaman sgs at 40k gaps.
i posted earlier when this came up, but why would they focus on a diminishing returns add-on, like the sixth player (only a percentage bought the fifth and then an even lower would buy the sixth player)? plus it may require an extra board. it is too late for add-ons like that.
these shaman stretch goals are getting kind of boring and drawn out.
damn, backers are throwing money at this thing. this is getting exciting before we even get to the last 48. wee!
i think so too, except when the 6th clan also comes with some kickstarter exclusives. and even then .. i hope it will be a 2nd female warrior clan!
@xipe - agreed, i'd love to see a $50 bundle for both extra factions.
if 6th clan is added, my gut says that they will make an expansion bundle for 50$.
@xipe maybe you're right or they will hit us with something at the two days to go. let's see
still, unless they do a reduced price combined purchase for the extra two clans another $30 for a boar clan seems too much, especially when people have already mentioned they'd rather just get two copies of the base game and have a lot more figures they can paint differently, not to mention lots more monsters/gods, too.
so my guess is $700k sg to unlock "boar clan w/shamans and ks exclusives" add-on, then some of the most wanted monsters for the rest of the sgs with good sized gaps.
not sure if people have been discussing it and i'm far too lazy to read down into the comments but they should make a release for a 6th player add-on, have it be an elk or something of that sort, because having two ram clans in one game would be boring.
now i see where the boar clan comments came from  ;)
"boaring shamans"
@paul, ah okay, guess i missed that.
@xipe - the sixth clan rumor is based on the game art which shows a sixth yet to be revealed clan.  they could hold it off until retail, but i would think they'd add it here so it could include the ks exclusive content like th current add-on.
another 39.5k (kind of 79.5k really including the bear shaman, too) seems a long way off again, aargh!
adrian smith was also the lead artist on chronopia. if only the minis had done his   art justice.
@paul, i'm not sure there'll be another clan unless for alternate purposes, in which case there could be any amount of clans eventually. i doubt that'll happen in this ks though
bring on the goats ftw, by mjölnir!@#$$&$! ;-)
@steven yea that would have been nice. @thiago any comments?
@xioe - that's what i am thinking.  my guess is the $700k sg might unlock the sixth clan add-on complete with some nice ks exclusive monsters and their shamans.
@graham, perhaps they're holding one more add on back till just before the 48 hour ks emails go out. just a thought.
whilst the game is great value i have to agree this is getting very boring and predictable. with only two add ons being offered and one of them being a book then this is flat lining in my books. even if they offered the fourth set of shamans as a buy it would be something! i can't believe they have nothing to offer as an add on
i am not surprised/disappointed by the sg approach at all.  from the start this seemed it would be a tightly controlled campaign not aiming to go crazy with sgs and add-ons.  they have a mostly complete game and want to get it in our hands quickly.  an aggressive campaign could make things get out of hand quickly for cmon and end up delaying delivery.  i figure we should have this in hand by september and i'd expect it to hit retail no later than december.
i actually like the idea of every clan having 1 chietain, 2 shamen and 2 times 4 warriors.  too bad though that the steps between the sg get bigger and bigger. and i hope the ram clan shaman won't be a stretch goal - it would be rather discouraging for people who didn't pledge for the expansion to have to wait for another $40k ... that said, i think this game already gives a lot of value for the money so i can 't really complain (more feminine minis would be great, though)!
@leonardo, i agree. personally it's felt like a grind for the last few days. it's a cool variant, but gosh it seems to take forever. man...sittin here...wishing fenris would rear his ugly mug...*sigh*
i imagine you only need so many 'add a shaman' cards within the game, no point getting too many  ;)
hmmm more shamans, can't wait to see the back of them :(
i don't like this kind of goal. this is just another shamam, without anything to boost the pledges...
@xipe - i assume it's more of a task to change a font type than a characters title since it has a much broader impact on the game/theme.  but you never know, they could surprise us.
@yardswimmer i was just wondering the same thing.  loki's chosen would have been badass.
i like all the shaman designs pretty well, i like that the new one looks like a real hard ass. i like the variety. is anyone else thinking that when these are through that they're just going to be like, "good job everybody, have a ram shaman, we'll just toss it in the expansion box so you don't have to grind to find backers to unlock it. yay!"
@cmon: maybe it is a good idea to emphasize on the story page that the gods of asgard in retail will not be part of the base game but have to be purchased seperately?
@teowulff  i'm sure they will sell all shaman as addon like the gods of asgard. i'm sure we will get this shaman retail box like we get the gods of asgard retail box. i'm sure the shaman for ram will be a sg or cmon give them away for free in some way.
it's daft to have 3 or 4 players with shaman but not all 5. also, maybe consider a sculpt of the rök runestone as the saga marker? what about adding sköll and háti to the game as a stretch goal?
@donn, it does seem as if shaman will change, perhaps to seer or mystic, so who knows..
so, it doesn't sound like we're getting new shaman cards for any of the remaining sgs.
@derek, whilst that doesn't surprise me, it's a shame.
@xipe - it comes up frequently.  no word on it changing.  but if they're willing to change shamans to something else...
$700k to unlock boar clan add-on w/shamans included?
i like the serpent shaman best but the others are in no way a disappointment.
if the ram clan in the expansion pack doesn't get a shaman update i'll use the icemaiden druid from the shieldwolf ks as a substitute!
@xipe fontgate has come and gone. from what i remember of the responses to it i think it is probably staying as it is but i may have missed something.
i'm sure it will have been mentioned before since i'm more of a latecomer, but the font used for the cards is horrible, is that locked in?
hopefully we get the shamans for all five clans.
yay, one more sg! i'm off. be back after dinner. hubbys frying up some reindeer steaks, but i would really like some goat.
@donn, this one's definitely my least favourite, the old raven hag looks great. i would steal the wolf cloak for her, though.
wonder why there are no upgrade cards this time around for the other three gods.
@donn, i'll check again and do a side-by-side comparison...
sadly it seems it's shamans all the way.  we really need something to inject some excitement back into this campaign.  fenrir, hel, a 6th player expansion, something unexpected.
surely the ram shaman will be added to the upgrade purchase automatically  ;)
is that the shadow of tanngrisnir and tanngnjóstr jumping in front of the chariot i see in the bottom graphic of the update!##%? ;-)
hope the ram shaman will upgrade the expansion for free
@xipe - really?  this is my favorite.  maybe i'm an age-ist, but i'm not a fan of the geezer and crone.
ofc the expansion gets it automatically....right....? ;)
@donnbobhardy: good question, i also wonder if the expansion will get a ram shaman upgrade?
@donn ... as it is for the first four players.
@thiago - i meant, will it be a separate sg?  will they be added to the 5th player expansion or be separate?
ok now let's roll this thing up to 660k$ and be done with goathic mystics.
@bruce - if you up your pledge, you're good for now.  details will be handled post-campaign.
@donnbobhardy: no difference. for 4 or 5 players you add 2 upgrade cards to each of the decks. any player can only have a maximum of 2 shamans.
hmm, i don't think that mini is as nice as the other shaman, but i do like his cloak.
was really hoping for something more grand....i guess we'll see what tomorrow brings.
yeah!! what an awesome sculpt!!
backed....for core plus expansion (anything i need to do to clarify what the extra money in pledge was for?).  glad i could help push the next stretch goal.  project looks cool.
what we could do with now is an add on to keep this momentum going.
i'm glad i found this kickstarter! let's get those wolves.
but no boars ! hmm
@thiago - can you comment on how mystics will be handled for the 5th player?
wolfs!
oh, heck. that's enough buffer!
@thiago - the ravens better be flying now.  none of this waiting until midnight nonsense.
and the goats
dingoat!
the raven flies at midnight!
for the glory!!!!
...or for the shamans??!!! :d
@xipe and @donnbobhardy: thanks, that's a relief!! :-p
eu friendly
for the glory!
@toewulf by me goats!this project is
really nice, never thought we did it so fast. good work. swords in the wind
right on now just a bit more to see the next strech goat
@teowulff - you'll get shipped from germany.  isn't that eu friendly?
@teowulff, it is euro friendly, the game will be delivered from germany for eu
not untill $200 over the top due to trolls im afraid bit longer to wait to be safe
now, give us bear shaman... who'd have to be male, surely, despite the trend of having opposite sex shaman so far.
incoming....
i was wondering .. as this ks doesn't have euro friendly i wonder if i'm going to have to pay an additional $40 import charges when it gets delivered to europe .. -.-
almost there....
@ xipe totec,,, they are call ks trolls and will be hunted down  stuffed and mounted
@brad, fair enough, i'm actually glad they'd do something about it if it did happen.
thalji, nicest thing is just to order an extra game. this is what i am doing to get an extra set of figures.
@donn, but i mean by thousands rather than just a little
@xipe - i haven't seen it happen very often, though.
yeah, but $75 for all the figures isn't bad.
@xipe they can monitor the pledges and in the past anyone that has tried to game the system can potentially be banned from the project.
@xipe - that would be the trolls i was referring to.  and nothing stops it.
really hoping we get more than just another shaman stretch goal with this update.  i might seriously consider buying another copy of the game if we have some more interesting mechanics or another surprise.  maybe addon #3 as well???  please??
warpaint - pleeeeeze!
seeing as i'm new to ks i figured i'd ask those of you old hands...is there anything to stop people artificially boosting their pledges just to get the stretch goals revealed and then pull the pledges later on? i'm not considering doing it or suggesting anyone else does, i'm simply wondering.
always 3 there are
right you are dbh, the goats just have to pull a little harder! ;-)
still $1k to go.  need the troll buffer.
he he again! you got @frencois only 0.5k to go...
cmon pls ;-;
@thalji - we've been asking for awhile.  still hoping.
he he!
is there any chance we could get an addon to get a single mini of each sculpt? i want the miniatures for my rpgs but i don't want to have to pull them from the game box.
$623.... everything under control  nothing can go wrongoat
i'm hoping for young, female shamsn for the next sg.
@xipe i'm looking forward to them, if it enhances the game i'm all for it.
i wonder if the remaining shamen (seers, mystics) are going to be feminine - serpent clan (females) has male shaman, raven clan (male) has female shaman .. rest of clans are all male ..
are people just going to start moaning again because it's only another batch of shaman lol
913$ to stretched goat
oh yeah got one with an updated rewards pic from the story page
the ks email won't go out till tomorrow night (night here anyway, guess day for some of you)
@riftsinger - not a ks email.  a cmon email.
hang on i'll check
emails to remind go out at 48 hours and the count down gose to hours i think not sure thats it might be wrong though
he he! seems i don't even have to mention my preciousees tanngrisnir and tanngnjóstr, but i will pull me goats pulllll!$%&! ;-) so close so close!
the email looked great and i'd guess went out to tons of folks.
the email was sent to the people in cmon listing, mostly backers of previous ks.... i got it twice...
whoah! how did that happen? 1k to go?!
i never got an email.
@riftsinger - i think it was an email that went out.
wondering have i missed something?
hello..... seem to be speeding up abit ?
thiago never sleeps.
1,5 to the stretched goat! who has the goats to wake up thiagoat?
less than 2 k to goat!!!
#shamans - maester? ;)
#shamans - the elder?
so which shaman will be next; wolf or bear? it's something to do. and no, they won't be goat ones  :p
super goats & goblins. goatbusters so on so forth...but frencois is right, we're almost there!
hopefully they'll keep the increment at 40k and the shaman will be all done at 660k including the *free* ones for those who've paid for the 5th clan separately.
goatbusters
-goats!- -that's what she said... -  xddd
2.6 to goat
shamans all the way to £700k (ish) - that should finish shamans then something special for the last 24 hours �
more seriously 2.6 to go... next seer sg incoming.
goat fox yourself
it's a tough goat/no goat decision for thiagoat (i had to do this one, nothing personal thiago)
for the kids - goats & ladders
goat rage
goatorally
do goats like to go on holiday to the goat d'azur?
xenogoat
goatobots?
ooops i ments the goths, wisigoths and austrogoths of course.
goatplomacy?
enemies of vikings were the goats, the wiz-goats and the ghostr-goats
rum & goats
goaticide?
grumpy old men like me remember the goal-goats, enemies of goal-d'auroch...
goat rage!
i think they should make yggradsil with ratatusk and the nurns. no extra rules, but the visual impact on the gameboard would be enourmous. makes the area different from the other regions. i would even pay extra for such a piece.
goats of war!
haha i will totaly get goatwars. so long as there are no debates on what the goat shaman should be called:)
what about a kraken for another water creature?
goathammer 40k?
forget backnarok, the last 48 hours of this campaign will be baaaaaaaaaagnarok.
hahaha...the new and exciting game from coolminiornot....goatwars!
guys, if we get the name wrong then all of eric's work is ruined.  for serious.
how come every kickstarter i have been a part of someone always try's to get a mascot (yeti, kitten/cat and now goats) popular on the cements section?
@lobst5r - yep. it's just a name.  also want to see fenrir.
yeah, a lot of these debates about hammers and names won't really affect my enjoyment of the game one way or another regardless of how and if they get resolved.  i'd much rather see the monsters of ragnarok get represented, some optional individual personality for the clans, or some kind of champion/berserker unit.
in the end cmon will make a goat themed game because of all you goat lovers. it seems a sure sell :-)
goats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@lobst5r, oh no not you too...
also, the goat thing, really...? cause i'm all about the goats. we need more goats! where my goats at? goats ftw!
@phoenix, maybe he grabbed his snake elsewhere and kept it as a pet? shamen would want to be different after all.
finally i'm in with 150
why is the serpent winding around the seers staff red? the only serpent in scandinavia is the adder, which is brown. goats on the other hand are very common in scandinavia.
oh i like serpent telephone repairman. way better than shaman ;) @lob5ter you have a piont and i agree.
you hurt my e-emotions.
seer is good. translated to german it would be "seher". an english speaking person might spell it sayer.
i checked this morning this thing was at 555k and now we are about to hit the next sg!!!
also, that sounded mean. i didn't mean for that to sound mean. i don't have a very good internet voice...
look, they could call it 'raven bananas,' or 'serpent telephone repairman,' it's not going to change the game. there's a lot of quibbling over semantics based on skewed justifications; the game is very loosely based on an interpretation of a variety of scandinavian mythological sources. we all need to get on board for something now that they gave us a choice to give our opinions. i'm fine with shaman, or bananas, mostly because i would think it would be hilarious to draw that card, or seer because it's type - space conservative. anything that is true to actual mythology or history would have to be from an agreed upon dialect or language, and that's a hassle, and a lot of us alone english speakers and i don't want to have to bastardize someone else's language to play a board game. also, it would probably be easier to translate shaman or seer to another language for international markets. maybe we should look into that. it's put people off if we chose something that had a bad or embarrassing connotation once translated. fenris for the win!
#shaman - my bad if they have already been mentioned below. seer / sight seer / witch doctor / enchanter / mystic
seer works for me since my main exposure to viking lore these days is vikings and that's what they refer to this type of character on the show. one hybrid i kind of like is rune-seer.
wow! people are getting onboard. i also received a reminder although i am already a pledger. getting close to the 580 now...
raven seer. raven's ear. serpent seer. serpent's ear. rolls of the tongue, but wrongly!
poor mr schwartz...maybe he is welsh?;-) just kidding. i think seer sounds ok. i personally like warlock because of the sound. but seer sounds more suitable. and you see...it starts rising even without add ons.:-)
seeing into the future i predict that mr schwartz will be eaten by a goat. a sad way to end  ;)
is it just me or is this thing picking up speed?
pledging speed ftw, pul me goats puulllllll!&$$?! ;-)
i personally strongly dislike "seer" but i don't see my voice against the voice of many having any effect.
so near to hitting the sg, i love all the minis in the ks.
#shaman i like seer the best. serpent seer.... raven seer... just rolls of the tongue. for the glory!
@koriandr no way they gonna close the ks without those three. nothing can go wrong. everything is under control.
1 for hel, fenrir & nidhogg !!!
i wish we knew what was coming up after the shamans/seers.  just a one-line blurb like 'up next... children of loki' or whatever would calm down the people frustrated with the current sgs and reassure anyone who's hesitant to back because it looks like they keep tacking on mechanics that aren't really playtested.
btw fenris and hel are logicak choices since they are the last two children of loki that not yet is present in the game. come bring me goats by mjölnir! ;-)
#shaman top 10 reasons why you should replace shamans by seers 10) for the glory - don't ask me what glory has to do with it but it seems everything we do is for it 9) else someone will ask you to call the female ones shawomen and we have to end the madness at some point - noone would want to drink blood in a shawoman's skull (trust me, i tried) 8) because as every gi or navy seal knows, vikings always answered their leaders by shouting "yes seer!" (ok, i admit this one works better with a french accent) 7) because thiago is so cool, he wouldn't say no (and we vikings know in which pillageable rapeable inflammable city he leaves) 6) because the seers from all 5 clans predicted you will 5) else why on earth was all this canoworms debate about? 4) it has no geographical / historical disturbing connotation  3) it is gender independent and you seem to want it - although i doubt vikings where really into political correctness... they spent time raping our women in france :-) 2) it's a short name easy to include in miniminiminicards, since we can't have larger ones (yes there is a hidden message) 1) we backers asked for it and you have a unique opportunity to prove that a ks indeed let backers influence the game
things are moving along nicely today, much better than i expected after i too took the liberty of checking kicktraq yesterday and noticed that weekends tend to be slow. we'll definitely be onto the third set of shaman today  :)
@steven +1 for fenris and unholy entropy! he could mess up everything for everyone, or maybe only be killed in the 3rd age. ida know. or maybe show up during the 2nd or 3rd age and decimate provinces of midgard, but give people crazy stats or glory for killing him? ooh, i don't care as long as it's in the box! cue amon amarth!! shamans, here we come!
besides me goats i vote for fenris, hel and her badass hound! ;-)
+1 for fenris.  fenris and friends definitely can't be on the clans' side.  it would be cool to see them act as 'reverse gods' and make it harder to gain glory or stats, or better yet, have the clans fight them for additional perks.
@noitamies: according to kicktraq, saturday/sunday are nothing special for backer numbers.  looks like tuesdays and thursdays are our best days lol
*wasn't
@noitamies, that definitely want the case last weekend.
hmm... maybe it's typical. saturday and sunday we get most backers?
maybe fenris could interact with the gods, just like: if fenris enters a province and there is a god the god leaves.
yessir @char aznable that's me and me goats favourite too! ;-)
momentum is building! a few more shamans! maybe fenris isn't a pipe dream?!
+1 for seers, fits the tone better.
speed it up. thanks to the email by cmon.
almost at the 7.5k limit now. pull me goats by mjölnir pullll!$#$%! ;-)
oh please let there be a fenris mini, oh gawd i can't stand it...!!
yep, next bunch of seers are just around the corner ;-) aaaand the giant wolf monster ofc ;-)
full speed ahead, captain!!
wow, looks like we're really starting to pick up speed!
wow.  we're doing really well.  i figured we'd slump a bit during the weekend, but i think we're actually picking up speed!
i just jumped in at 130$ :-)
really good speed 5k within the last hour. must..... have.... goat steeeeeeds!?&$%#! ;-)
yessir @gabriel we're rolling along and closing in on the 10k limit, a couple goat steeds are waiting in the shadows perhaps?! ;-)
looks like we've made some real progress since i went to bed! i've been posting on fb and recommending on bgg. i've snagged a couple backers just talking about it at work. : ) don't know what else we can do.
i've been periodically tweeting news about this game and trying to recommend images on bgg when i have time to promote the game. is there anywhere else i should look to get the word out? reddit or pinterest or something?
@donnbobhardy i think we can hit it today some time.  it is only a little after noon (est) and we have added about $11k today.  if we go and share and show the project off we can get there today.  to update my count from earlier only about 150 more people now.
interesting i wonder what tomorrow will bring this is looking like it will finish closer to rum and bones, honestly i could have seen it pulling more like 1.5mil in the beginning, great concept, sculpts were initially amazing, though shamans are looking better, not too big on any of the sgs honestly, but has big bang for the buck at 75$ i would have easily paid 150 for more expansiveness more cool monsters like conan, wouldn't have hurt the game play, you can limit the amount of monsters per game it just would have been cool to see some of the norse monsters like the children of loki which play a big part in ragnarok like fenris,jörmungandr etc. but in all it's great game i'm hoping for a strong finish.
this is my favorite part of kickstarter, when everything picks back up and we start smashing through stretch goals.
less than $15k to go.  we might hit that tonight yet!  if not, definitely before i get up in the morning.
and hey! we're slowly moving along, closing in on the 15k limit :-)
i'm with you there @philip this is by far one of the kss i've participated  in where you get most bang for your bucks. now bring on them goats cmon ;-)
i would imagine that they are holding the last add-on for the last 48 hours.  it would be silly not to hold it until then at this point.
hi guys, i have to say that i am very happy that there are so very few add ons...well by now...one! but i can also understand the ones who want to have them. so i think cmon should release some for the sake of all the loyal backers of this projekt out there. but they should be none where you as backer get the feeling that you need to have them because otherwise the whole game feels incomplete. that would be the wrong choice i think. another clan would be a good idea. maybe some of the monsters inside the coregame as well. i for myself just want the basepledge but cmon please let my fellow backers who are so in dire need of sacrificing their wallets on the altars of the gods of valhalla...please give them something to do their offerings!!:-)  cheers phil
@jevr we will get them for sure. sadly there is not that much space behind that withour addons. my guess is that we reach 4-6 more sgs.
@jevr - care to make it interesting?  i'll bet we get them all and more.
i don't think we're getting shamans for all clans. i think they should be released as add-ons.
conan backer-and bored with 'shaman' :)
didn't join conan, this is my retribution, now gimme me me goats and their chariot! ;-)
conan backer her , just joined and awake
@noitamies i'm a conan backer..
yawn... please wake me up when we get to an interesting sg. all these shaman sgs are making me got to sleep .zzzzzzzzzz
well well... all conan backers are not backed this yet :) ... wake up!
3 days left and still no additional addon(s)? i guess the chance is getting low that there will be any more. :/
@skazz if we can find about 200 more folks we can get the ravens today.
@cmon it would be nice to have an addon today so there is something to talk about. the raven seer would not show up until tomorrow i guess.
ageed, the add on needs the shamans or a large monster to improve its appeal. i've added it but may swap it for another copy of the game.
and the pitta bread, ooh and pickled peppers :)
they could add the goat shaman/seer to the goat tribe add-on and not as a sg. this could justify the $30 add-on and improve the sale...
@morten about the origin of me goats. when first thor was shown as sg it was stated that the sculpt was unfinished. so i stated immidiately in my comment tast i of course expected the finished thor sculpt to be thor on his goat steed driven chariot. if you look closer at the sculpt he could be holding the reins of the goats in his empty hand. so gimme me goats! ;-)
a shaman is a shaman is a seer. they are all the same a far as game play goes. there will be different sculpts as each sg is revealed to provided for each clan. but you could just as easily use any shaman sculpt for any clan. it is the game cards that give unique powers and so far we have only seen 3 different types and there will be 6 in the end (one for each god) so it is just as easy for all clans to share between the sculpt provided so far, but when all the sg are finalize then we will have clan specific sculpts for each clan and all the 6 (god/shaman) cards as well.
@david if for some reason we do not unlock all of the shamans (very unlikely) they are obtained in a similar fashion to monsters.  the cards that add a shaman to your clan are in the different age decks which are drafted at the beginning of each age.  the figures then are first come first serve.  i do not think you will have to worry about not seeing the full complement of shamans.
i don't see how shamans work if the game only has them for one clan. a waste of a goal. should be for all clans, as an add on, or non-clan specific. too bad cmon didn't respond to my message about this.
@thomas thanks
@snon we get the retail box of the game + all the sgs. you can be sure you will get both. cardboard + sculpted tokens.
+1 to add hel, nidhogg, and fenris
@coolminiornot: will we get the sculpted tokens (from stretch goals) in addition to the normal included ones (made of cardboard? as shown in rulebook)?
roast goat? now i'm getting hungry!
ok whats up with the goats - do we wanna butcher thors goats eat night to eat a mighty feast or what did i miss of this  ;)
goatman?  now that's something i could get behind!
@the schwartz, i don't think you're getting your goats man.
...and nidhogg...
agreed @morten fenris and hel is no. 1, and me goats - me goats of course! ;-)
@andrius - different clans aren't really like different zombicide survivors, because this is competitive and zombicide is cooperative.
lol, there must be not eagle, but raven clan... ;)
hello, my brothers in pain. finally, i am in, and because i accumulated a lot of thoughts about this project, and i am allowed to write a comment, so i'll try to ... in particular, the ks  is great and i really feel that it will introduce a new fashion - ks in two weeks rather than four.  because everyone who needs, every knows  about it, and that even reduces the likelihood that the suddenly will appear another ks, to which could flow money ... indeed, it is a wise decision. does not surprise me that within a short period of time ks has been collected that amount. we all already know that cmon doesn’t  make s(…)t, and the viking figurines makes me howl of admiration.  i would say the same about the miniatures  and the vikings look ... friends, they are vikings in the same manner like there are saks or kimmerians ... it's just a typical fantasy-northerners barbarians, with them we could play men’s from vanaheim or asgard during conan style rpg session… and this is good – that’s all leave a space to our imagination…   by the way, maybe someone from the older players remember a game like "chronopia? big game with big world and story, but maybe you remember one of fractions, sons of kronos, aka sok? does anyone did not fall into the eyes of a certain similarity between vikings from “blood rage” and these barbarians, kronians? if you wish, you can search in the goggle images of sok… of course, that was 20 years ago, but there is some continuity .... and again about  "chronopia" ... do you remember names of seven dwarfs clans? ok, i can name them ... jackal clan (which you can forget, because they sold themselves to evil), dragon clan (which was destroyed), vulture clan, dark-tusk clan, blood bone clan, wolf clan and horned ones clan ... dragon, vulture, dark-tusk, blood bone, wolf and horned one ... are you sure, that names of clans does not remind  serpent,  eagle, boar, bear, wolf and ram? it's okay, because i feel really nostalgic for the old games, and crossing of sons of with dwarfs makes to me only good feelings and desire to buy ... a few words about the gods ... i join ranks of bakers, who say that the miniatures of gods seems somehow worse than the vikings .... maybe they are still incomplete by the end, perhaps even somehow, but i hope with many people, that the final version will look really great :) and again about miniatures, but this time not about the gods ... the game is about ragnarok, but it is neither fenris, neither great serpent  ... it's a shame .... and yet ... i think the game should have clan leader’s miniatures. of course, you could say, that clan leaders already are, but my friends, this is not a leader – they are standard bearers, no more, no less .... i don’t know, perhaps i too long was as wargamer, but the leaders were able to look somehow different, because they must fight in firsts ranks and don’t walk with standards... well, i think this is one idea about future’s sg :) i think, i am with those players who say that the clans could have different abilities. maybe it's a bit of imbalance for  game, but the game developers can give such abilities and weaknesses that balance back ... i do not think that's would be really problem during choosing between clans - after all, zombicide players do not fight for survivors ... that’s would be the same. by the way, i'll throw a stone in the garden of the game developers ... the game units are all the same ... what gives the vikings? +1 str ... clan leader? +3 str ... monster? +x str ... another monster? +y  str ... i understand that this was due to the simplicity of the game, for the sake of players strategic opportunities and to preserve the balance, but ... why is not the cavalry, which can move to neighbor province after miniatures deploying  on the board (before all cards are revealed) ? why no units do not have the ability such  "gives the (...) if (...)? for example, each figurines gives +1 str, if the province is the enemy monsters? i think the next game or the next year, really waiting for an addition, which we will see something really interesting ... p.s. and what i really do not like – the splitting of shamans to different sg’s…  we all know that when we will  hit 620k and 660k, we will get bear and wolf shamans, and that’s is boring… but what about shamans for 5th clan? they will be sold in addition or they will be as sg? i hope, we all in the eyes of cmon deserved to know more, because if not all shamans will be revealed, it will be very pity ... so, for glory, brothers! and sorry for my english ;)
we do have the midgardsworm aka "sea serpent" - but only one valkyrie... i mean its blood rage, im expecting em to fly from the battlefield to valhalla & folkvangr on rute.  but lets face it we want fenris ! ...  nidhog is a part of the whole story but not close as being as iconic's as fenris & hel. - if nidhug + ratotask & the eagle (whats its name)  dropped in as a  "ass-on" i woud not cry to much :p
@tim i agree as i mentioned that sometime yesterday :-)  it would be consistent with cmon behavior on past campaigns to include the shaman to the 5th player for those that buy the add-on as a stretch goal at the same time as the stretch goal for the last clan.
@tim +100
@all talkong about shamans & 5th player  expansion. maybe when we get the 4th shaman, cmon will add the shamans for the 5th for free only for backers (so bot as stretch goal). that would be a nice surprise and i guess no one will talk about $30 being too much. =p
a couple people asked this and didn't get the standard 5 people saying the answer but cmon does use a post campaign pledge manager.  you will be able to add additional funds at that time if you are still hurting from other ks.  however if you can add the funds now it helps us hit our sgs.
i think that with a new add on every backers will buy it and we will get a very lot of new sg!!!come on!!!!
a sixth clan add on, and then a $50 add on for both extra clans would be great.
right on @punk, i might end sculpting it myself ;-)
like shaman make the game deeper, i hope that 1) at the end we will take the three loki's children, and 2) they will be not only monsters, but characters that bring with them new rules. overall, it's impossible have a ragnarok game without fenrir, hel and the serpents!!!
even just a $10 add on that the majority would buy into would send the total soaring. please can we just have a couple of optional buys?
every time i check these comments all i see is goats!!
<$20k !!
chariot can be made with wine bottle stoppers, cloth pins a cutter and some glue :^)
@schwartz - suggestion: buy 2 of these: http://www.reapermini.com/figurefinder#detail/14607 throw away the dwarf and use green putty stuff to model a goatee.  tadah! battle goats!
i'm for nidhog, fenrir and jormundgand, but first and foremost me goats and chariot for the finished thor mini. ;-)
more add on....please......
as much as i am happy to avoid paying for more add-ons i would gladly pay for a kickass miniature of fenrir, even it it was a display piece with no actual gaming value (i know, i feel dirty for my lack of values too).  my inner wolf howls for it.
@paul. we will get all the shamans for sure. this kicksstarter will go beyond 700k for sure.
@cmon with the achievement of the second sharman set looking likely, i hope there will be sharmans for each other clan including the 5th clan. i am not sure if each is as large a stretch as the last few goals whether, this will be achieved. the sharmans are an attractive part of the game and not having for each clan, is likely to detract a great deal.  its also  a pity the 5th clan is $30 as this is likely to deter many people as it is too much for just 9 vikings and 3 monsters, compared to the standard price of the game at $75. a cost of say no more than $20 would i think be nearer the mark.
+1 for the godness hel !
fenrir, hel, and the serpent who killed and by killed by thor!
fenrir, hel and the serpent who killed and be killed by thor (i don't remember the name!)!
fenrir sg!! http://thumbs.subefotos.com/430059723c6cbc110f4e0439e93dcbcao.jpg
hope the 5th player will get the seer for free once we have the other four. generally i think that the 5th player would have become cheaper if no one would have pledged for it until now. ;-)
it just isn't ragnarök without the children of loki.
hi to everybody!i really like the "shaman (seer)" mechanic, cause thi will increase the game with more rules, but.....a final add on with the three sons of loki....will make me mad for sure!!!!!!
this is principally a boardgame and its design allowed for few add-on and sgs. i believe that this has gone far better than they thought and thus have had to convert two of their add-ons (gods and "shaman") into sgs. i expect that towards the end of the campaign there will be some monster (fenrir) add-ons or sgs and possibly a 5-7 player board (bouble sided?). the 5th player add-on is very overpriced at $30, with $20 being a more realistic price. even at this price they will be making a very good profit (assuming it goes to retail at $30). i too would rather pay for a second copy and differentiate by base paint colour (and then have other models for use in other wargames).
@coolminiornot:  do you plan to upvalue the 5th player addon a little bit? compared to the core game the 30$ seems a little expensive for me -even with 3 additional monsters.. maybe you can add an additional warrior for all clans and another wolfman or something similar.
morning all! daily fenriswolf sg appeal! or at least for a fenris looking big bad giant wolf monster ;-)
i wonder why, in the last update, it says "for games with 4+ players"??
@francisco: and then you will alter/paint one of those 2nd 4 clans to differentiate them for 5th player? but you are correct, the 5th player option is a bit too high with 30$ (compared with the core game price) -20/25$ would be more appropriate.
@benjamin for the moment limited to plastic (pvc)
will any of the minis be for sale in metal or resin - or are they strictly limited to the game (and plastic)?
i have removed the 5th clan add-on and increase the pledge 45$ for taking a second core game. with 45$ more i have 3 clans more, all the monsters, the tokens, a new board, and all the sg twice. seems an awesome deal for me
if you make a fenrir model, i will increase my pledge by 50 dollars. i swear this in the sight of Óðinn.
@der spiegel that is a rly nice idea. :) but i think that balance issues between clans is the reason that the clans are the same kind. but ooooh, i would love a big ram beastie when i crush skulls with my ram clan. :d
by mjölnir total pledge levels are fluctuating this morning, i miss me goats! ;-)
@coolminiornot: do you plan to use the pledge manager only for collecting shipping costs or will it be possible to add 5th player option/artbook/(new stuff you want to "share") later?
you know a "monster" version of each of the clan animals would be pretty neat and if each had different stats/abilities that would make each of the clans a little different while allowing the clans to be the same
hello! thanks for this nice ks campaign. i'm wondering if there would be an optional 6th player add-on in the end of this? i think this would boost the campaign a lot and as you can see here several people are very interested in it as well (with a 2nd board option of course): http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/1334454/6th-player-board-variant-proposal-clans-totems-rul please think about that!!!! this would be really awesome!
i need to ask ask a cmon noob question.. if i pledge a 1$ (because conan) will i be able to add in the pledge manager and get everything?
@coolminiornot sorry if already asked - with all those stretch goals reached & because of all those beautiful graphics on the cards: - will the artbook be accordingly expanded -shamans, ram clan? - do you plan to include (special b.r.) protective sleeves for covering the cards?
we will surely unlock the shamans in the full set. the question is if we can push beyond that and get other cool sgs. i am really hoping for more big monsters. they are just awesome figures both to paint and use in the game. maybe also an add-on for the last 48 hours. just to really push the limit and hopefully unlock cool stuff.
and hey i forgot my manners, itm!  good to see that we're closing in on the 20k limit :-)
still needs me goats though! ;-)
yes @skritter i've tried a ks where a sg finally was reached in the end of the ks. unfortunately the total pledgelevel dropped below the sg target in the final minutes, but we got the ks anyway :-)
@brandon and me goat steeds! where's me chariot that can create the ozone divine!? ;-)
just gotta love these newbies to a cmon kickstater. it's the same old panic every time. " oh were not going to make it, well never get enough late pledges, we won't make enough $$$ " chill guys cmon have never let us down yet, and the funds will pour in as we reach the end. .
just added my 5th player expansion... need to release the birds!
@warmaster i think we would get the full set having come this far - in a worst case scenario, maybe add a few dollars in the pledge manager. but i'm sure they'll all be unlocked.
many thanks to those who answered my questions. @rasmusnalle -i was thinking the same thing. the cards look small in the video so i'm not sure if they will fit in standard card covers - unless the cards were small because they were for the demo, and the actual cards will me a more standard size.
thiago even said if it would be incomplete by stretchgoals there would be a way to get the full set. and trust me! we will get all the shamans for sure! won't be a problem!
don´t worry. at cmon ks the last 48 hours mirror the first 48 hours , so we will get all the shamans.
i also think that douglas. i will notre cancel my pledge but i think that have an uncomplete set will make reconsidering their pledge.
somebody may have asked this already, but will there be shamans for the 5th player rams?
we will get all the shamans, trust me. ;) what we get after that is another question.
campaign is a bit boring, but price point is good and you get a lot for the money. however, if we ended mid way through a system (i.e. only getting 3/4 of the shamans or something) i would unfortunately seriously have to consider cancelling my pledge (the sense of incompleteness would drive me crazy).
@chaos, @coralline - as terrified i am off the possibility of not getting all the shamans unlocked, i agree. this business model is refreshingly non-exploitative, and good on cmon i say.
@chaos - that's an excellent way to look at it. i couldn't agree more. too many kickstarter games sell plastic mini add-ons at metal miniature prices. this one isn't doing that. it may be slower and less thrilling than seeing new add-ons and stretch goals every day, but we are all getting a good deal for a cool game. most of these stretch goals add new elements to the game. they make the game better. it's as simple as that.
@jeffrey yeah but see where in conan some scenery stuff works as fluff here the alternate models kind of serve the same purpose. and i mean all at once for chicken nuggets? well there you payed for them. if this were add-on content we'd be getting it all at once. but as a stretch goal for it to be feasible they'd either need to make them big sg's that are far apart or do what they have done. too big of gaps between sg's would have been the worst way to go. so right now it stands the shamans would either have needed to be a paid add-on or done as they are now. i can understand wanting to see more and new and lots... and for that an add-on would be the way to go. but at the same time if all the big clusters had been add-on stuff just think how much the cost would have gone up already. so i mean as much as i'd love to have the shamans unlocked already and be on to new things i also appreciate that instead this is a game that looks really fun and interesting and isn't going to cost me my soul so i can potentially invest in some other neat games too. i love all the shamans having alternate sculpts and i wouldn't want them to just be a generic one-sculpt-for-all type thing. and i feel they're a good addition to the game, so even if it's a bit of a spread out feature over a few goals i am happy to have it and for the fact that it costs me nothing extra is a nice bonus.
@rudolfo, i agree!  i'm getting tired of waiting too.  i'm going to be pretty disappointed if we don't see any more exclusives.
@thiago any plans for some viking card sleeves? ;)
@sir chaos yeah, conan had fluff? i'm ok with that! :) give us t-shirts, and drinking horns, and foam swords, and authentic viking soap recipes! but just give them all at once. when you go get a chicken mcnugget happy meal, you get all 4 nuggets at the same time. you don't go back up to the counter for a 2nd nugget after you've eaten the first. and you don't end up with 2 1/2 nuggets if you only had $2.47 instead of $3.49.
@sir chaos honestly? no real idea - it's always easier to judge someone else's work than come up with your own! actually, the one thing any mini game should have imo is its own case. maybe as a sg, maybe as an add-on, but everyone should have it. they could also upgrade components - better card stock, additional cards, etc. maybe create a scenario booklet (eg, raven starts with +3 stats but bear and wolf are somehow allied). basically, i want the updates to wow me, and as of now they're not. i agree that i love the look and feel of the shamans, but i could've told you that on update 21. update 22 was more of something like this - "neat mini, fun in sept. already saw it." my goal isn't too sound too harsh or critical. the product looks great, there's great communication, the pricing is awesome (i, too, was worried about add-ons after selling a kidney to pay for conan). my only issues are with the campaign itself - not that it's bad, per se, but that it's just kinda boring.
if any are worried about how this ks will do $$$ wise by the end,  just check out cmons last project rum and bones  which took in more $$$ in the last 4 days than they did on the first 4 days. . http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/rum-and-bones/#chart-daily .
@jeffrey and i mean going back to your example with conan.... conan is also a very different type of game. it's scenario based, so any elements added can be used with different scenarios to make the game different. balance is something that can be determined by the players depending on the scenario they want. it's about a group of characters with different abilities working together to overcome odds. this is a competitive game where each clan has to have the same advantages working towards the same goals. so balancing abilities needs to be handled differently. and even conan had a fair bit of fluff sg's like scenery additions and such if i'm not mistaken. ultimately though if a monster in conan is extremely powerful it's just an obstacle players can choose to try and overcome together. if a monster is extremely powerful in this is runs a much higher risk of off-balancing and feeling more like a trump card. at least that's how i feel about it.
i like em being free!
i like the alt scupt for the dark elf.
@jeffrey well yeah they're different minis with the same ability. that's exactly what i mean by flavour. i like the fact that each clan's shaman represents the style of the clan it belongs to. that may not be your cup of tea, and we very well may have to agree to disagree. add-ons take money, and lots of recent campaigns have had more and more add-ons which adds up to a pricey investment. it's kind of nice to see a campaign that is a little more relaxed in that sense. and they do still have to make sure additions aren't overwhelming and still apply well to the strategic theme of the game. you only have so many rage points to spend over the course of an age, and only 3 ages. additions have to feel like they will fit in balance with the gameplay. you will still be using much of your basic warriors after all. i guess a better question is if you aren't satisfied with the current layout of the sg's, what would you rather have seen as the sg's?
i've mentioned this before i don't mind the separate sgs for each god or shaman i just like knowing what at least tge next few sgs are like. i think a lot of interest would come from at least showing or telling us what's coming after the shamans
@thiago so more add-ons? and when? take my money!
@sir chaos i don't really see them adding flavor - they're different minis with the same abilities, if i'm not mistaken. we might just have to agree to disagree. all i know is that 2/3 of the sg dollars will be taken up with 3 sgs (spread out over 14). i haven't taken part in that many ks/indiegogo/etc. campaigns - only 15 or so. but until this ks, i always read the updates. with this one, i've just been skimming to the pics, which is a shame because the minis look great and the gameplay looks fascinating. don't get me wrong, i like free, too, but i'm beginning to think more and more that the shamans and gods should've been add-ons and something else should've been a sg.
@rudolfo da fonseca: me too!
@thiago are there more optional add-ons to come and when will we see them? i really want to finish off the shaman collection and get at least one or two further stretch goals!
@jeffrey i get where you're coming from, but at the same time there's 2 shamans each clan, for presumably all 5 clans (possibly even a 6th if a 6th clan is added). that's at least 10 figures. assuming all have 5 cards as well we're looking at probably 25 cards. as a singular sg the gap to reach it would have to have been way bigger. that would have been discouraging and probably seen far less backers. and while they could have made it a paid add-on, my wallet is certainly not crying over the fact that they're trying to offer it for free. the shaman models have been beautiful so far and i feel it's an interesting gameplay feature that i'm excited for. so i feel it's entirely justifiable and well-handled the way it's been done, and i know many agree. lame? no, it's a way to make this not a cash-grab while still balancing out the content added to the clans. it's nice to see even the new additions adding to the flavour of each clan rather than all being universally used models if you ask me.
@thiago - you said awhile ago that msrp for the 5-player expansion would be $30, but without the exclusives.  do you know the msrp for the base game and the gods expansion?
sigh.  *earns*, not *ends*
for those worried about not getting all of the shamans, i once heard the rule-of-thumb that a campaign ends as much the last 2 days as it did the first 2 days.  if that holds true, that'll be $250k for just those 2 days.  so, i'm guessing we'll come in around $850k by the end.  more if things go nuts.
@belisarius: the gods of asgard will come in their own little separate box, as shown in the last god update. as for the rest of the material, that is yet to be decided, but i'm pretty sure we won't go the "chuck'em in a plastic bag" route. ;-)
@coralline i thought they said it could happen. the update on the serpent shaman said you would just share if they all weren't unlocked.
@belisarius - to answer a previous question of yours, everything i have ever gotten from cmon had all of the minis in molded plastic.  i assume that will go for these as well.
ok  i was just curious,  thanks for the responses
@tim - they've been experimenting with shorter campaigns.  i think the assumption is that most people pledge at the beginning and the end with a lull in the middle, so why not cut out the lull?
@belisarius - true enough. it is a tedious process. i thought that the god minis took a long time to get through and were mostly mediocre sculpts. thankfully we survived it and are on to better things. one thing that cmon could do to liven up the wait would be to make a new play video that includes all the current game content. if it was less rowdy than that other one it would be a bonus.
the sooner they get the project done and funded, the sooner they can get the capital and use it for bigger projects like the others: 7 sins or whatever that game is.
my guess is that they didn't have a lot of "material" as sgs and wanted to get it done quickly before the project got out of hand haha
doing fantastic for 12 days       did they say why only 15 days?
@tim - yes.  not doing bad for only 12 days in.
was this kickstarter only for 15 days?
the raven clan shaman looks amazing!  the two shaman sculpts are among the best so far.  i can't wait to see the remaining shaman sculpts. i would be very happy with this campaign if we can finish out the shamans and maybe a couple more monster stretch goals.  i hear there is a big wolf and a dragon in norse mythology...
@jschauble: why would you pull your pledge due to something you're getting as free.  throw away the shaman if we only get half of them, pretend they never existed, and you'll be just as fine as you were before they were announced.
i think most agree the shamans are great value as stretch goals, just not exciting as you know what's coming and they will be spread out over what's usually the most exciting period of the kickstarter
@jeffery - i understand completely. if cmon added the shamans as a set it would've been a much longer stretch goal. maybe 160k. backers would then complain about it taking so long and feeling bored. most would've asked them to break up the goal or make it a paid add-on. cmon decided to try and make the math work in our favor. the shamans and gods are included in the game at no extra charge, but it takes a lot of time to get there. it's a trade off. we get more for our money but it takes longer. by going that rout they are getting boatloads of backers, most of them happy to get a wonderful deal.. and happy to stay off of the comment boards where people complain about all of the bonus additional content taking days to unlock instead of hours. i agree, kickstarters should be fun. i happen to think this one is. @jschauble - no worries. cmon already said that they will not let that happen.
what i am personally worried about is if we end up ending the kickstarter in the middle of one of these artificially split sets.  if we have half of the shamans or half of whatever is after the shamans, that's going to feel like half a game.  it will feel more incomplete than if there were no shamans at all. i trust cmon knows what they are doing, but if they end in the middle of one, i might pull my pledge all together because an incomplete module is bothersome.
i really like seiðr. i'd love for this game to have some more authentic norse flavor. i really don't think it would be that confusing for people, especially if you explain who they are in the rules.
managed to snag an eb :d
@madscientist - done!
@coralline i'm not wanting more monsters necessarily. i'm wanting something complete. the shamans are a set - they should be one sg (or add-on). same with the gods. same with the extra sculpts. the issue is compounded because this is the third time. personally, i'm not a sg addict - exploding kittens had none; i was fine with that. conan had tons; i was fine with that, too. the difference is that conan had a variety of extras: a collector's box, an app, dice bags, cards, extra dice, heroes, and villains. whereas blood rage has very few - either minis or tokens sculpted - they're just split up. and i agree that obviously playing the game is supposed to be fun, but so is the ks. why do movies have previews? to build excitement. you yourself admitted to being excited over the shaman previews. but if a significant portion of your supporters are expressing boredom over the way you are previewing content, then your campaign has problems.
@jeffery olsen "doing that once in a 2 week campaign is kinda lame. doing it three different times, though? imo, this campaign has felt like one i've had to endure rather than one i've been excited about." i can't agree more.
can anyone from coolmini advise how the sets of gods and shamans will be packaged. they sound like they could end up as a separate retail add-on packs, so wondering if they will come in box sets, all together in a stretch goal box or (hopefully not) all together in a plastic bag.
attention all backers  if you all want to help promote blood rage to maximise the number of backers so we can unlock the shaman figures for all the clans, then head on over to the boardgamegeek.com page for blood rage and 'thumb up' the images you like. images that get lots of thumbs get up on the boardgamegeek home page for a week where everyone can see them. a perfect way to draw in new backers. so far we have made it to page-3 under 'all images'.  come on, lets push this all the way to page-1.  as they say..... for the glory!
@jeffery - it isn't only sir chaos. i'm excited about the shamans, too. couldn't care less about having a 6th player or goats but i'm really looking forward to the next shaman sculpt. if they don't release the information, the 3rd and 4th sculpts will be a surprise. this is a $75 game with very few paid add-ons. it isn't character or monster heavy so they don't need tons of add-ons or a dozen multi-model stretch goals for us to get our money's worth. what makes this game accessible (and so popular) is the simplicity and cost. $75 gets you an amazing looking game with loads of swag. it doesn't have every god, every norse monster and 10 "optional" kickstarter add-ons. you buy the box, buy a 5th player expansion if you need it, and you have fun. the fun isn't meant to happen during the kickstarter. it happens when we open the box.
@cmon #shaman i would like seer as well but i came across this wiki entry on magic practitioners that you might want to checkout on. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/seiðr great work guys! waiting to be released from valhalla :p
@ jeffrey olsen #preach
@sir chaos really excitement over the shamans? there's excitement over fenrir, and goats, and a 6th player, but i don't recall seeing anyone say, "wow, i can't wait for the bear sculpt." it's not an issue of whether or not the shamans look gorgeous or add interesting gameplay. it's that they are an obvious set that's being separated artificially for stretch goals. they're not even releasing the information for the 3rd and 4th, like it will be a big surprise. doing that once in a 2 week campaign is kinda lame. doing it three different times, though? imo, this campaign has felt like one i've had to endure rather than one i've been excited about. all of these comments are regarding the campaign. i think the game looks quite fun, and i like the addition of the gods and shamans.
@zach except those shamans are absolutely beautiful. we know we're receiving one of each, sure... but there's a lot of excitement in seeing how each clan's personality manifests in their shaman's appearance.
#shaman - i would be very happy with either seer or shaman as the final name, while chosen or mystic would be fair choices too.
once again, we're over $20k for the day with a few hours to go.  this has been a very steady ks.  if there are going to be more add-ons, i hope they come before the 48 hour email goes out.  on the other hand, if there aren't any more, i'm ok with that.
no one leaves an early bird on the battlefield. *casts resurrection* ( ＾▽＾)/~☆  mouahaha!!
i know it's only $5 but i just snagged an eb. i missed the eb rush by 1 minute on day 1.
#shaman  - seer: it seems a better description, i associate shaman more with healing, and seer more with reading signs to tell the future or the will of the gods. mystic is also good but sounds to general. the other terms i've seen are to swords and sorcery, or not well know enough to make any association
#shaman seer sounds pretty good. doing a quick search on google took me here... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%b6lva volva or vala, spakora or seior. something like that.
@donnbobhardy  "@earth worm - i meant, could you only do it every 30 minutes? i'd take it even less often than that. it'll get annoying if you do it too often." that's the point, but anyway im leaving office, so no spam :( see ya until tuesday..
lol it was 10 minutes exactly
any way i´m leaving office right now, so sont worry
@earth worm - it's annoying now it was like 3 minutes between spams man. please stop. @ coralline - it's just wash, rinse, repeat. the shamans are cool, but we know that we are getting a set for each clan. nothing to ground breaking or exciting.
@donn.  i know.  i saw the post, but i can still hold out hope.  early on, a lot of people were advocating for custom clan dashboards or set upgrades that ignore the draft mechanic.  i agree; that would remove a lot of strategic depth from the game.  however, as long as the differences are a) optional, b) subtle, and c) exists within the parameters of a mechanic that's already in place, it will add more of a narrative feel to the game for folks that are into that kind of thing.
@earth worm - i meant, could you only do it every 30 minutes?  i'd take it even less often than that.  it'll get annoying if you do it too often.
@zach - have to agree about the trolls. 100% concentrated awesome!
@zach - not true. the shaman stretch goal sold me on the game. other than the monsters these are my favorite stretch goals. if anything the gods were the bleh ones. lots of people like the shamans.
everyone, lets post the proyect in our facebook page, now!! if 6,250 people do that we can send to valhalla the next sg in no time. i will repost this every 10 minutes while im in the office. pd: 6:51 pm here in méxico
@donnbobhardy - right. clan specific abilities could be cool or it could end up with 5 players all arguing over who gets to play certain clans. besides, this game probably took over a year to develop. if they make changes now they would risk harming the base game.
@ earthworm, c'mon man, don't spam dude. @donn - ha. i know the last 48 hours should fund like crazy, but it doesn't seem like anyone (me included) has been stoked for the stretch goals. i wish we could add on extras of the ks exclusives. i love that troll!
@donnbobhardy   what are you talking about? post this ks in your fb every 30 minutes? do as you wish, it's your fb, just lets the world know that this proyect exist
@earth worm - every 30 minutes? @zach - it might be a stretch (get it?), but it's not impossible.
anyone else feel like we might not hit $1m for this project?
hey beli! yes, cmon will confirm your shipping address once the project manager is sent, this way if you move you don't lose your goodies.
@steven - eric lang originally considered a clan-specific ability, but decided against it.  i doubt he'll change his mind back.  and least not during this campaign.
everyone, lets post the proyect in our facebook page, now!! if 6,250 people do that we can send to valhalla the next sg in no time. i will repost this every 10 minutes while im in the office. pd:  6:51 pm here in méxico
@belisarius - it will be taken care of during the pledge manager.
hi, new pledger with a question - the new kick starter payment system asks for a billing address, but not your delivery address. is the delivery address something that now comes with the pledge manager?
@coralline i see what you're saying, and i'm not suggesting that they do anything over-the-top to make the clans different.  i'd like to see something subtle and optional within an existing mechanic that could help flesh out their personalities like a unique upgrade or passive ability in line with their patron deity or even an extra champion model that behaves in a slightly different way depending on the clan.
will there be a fully painted option? i will upgrade to that not worried about the when.  the mini's in the story image are screaming for paint. i could wish for options. basic without much shading, suitable play with some detail and contest quality with full shading and exact detail.
backnarok!!!!
+1 for backnarok @steven - if this goes really well they might consider blood rage ii with expanded rules and skirmish options. who knows. they have a ton of requests that actually sound like fun. adding new game mechanics isn't as easy as coming up with a neat sounding idea. they have to be balanced, tested, tweaked and tested over and over.
this is a miniatures game, there are cards... which sleeves fit the cards?
the game out of the box this is not color blind friendly.  i saved the image from the story page with the 4 ships and ran that against http://www.color-blindness.com/coblis-color-blindness-simulator/  there are several aliments where 2 or 3 clans look the same or too close to judge. i am in and i will enjoy this game. i will probably paint the clan sign on the sails to help my game group be able to play. the bases will get some paint as well. this is an awareness post vs. a complaint. many people see the world differently.  if we can accommodate that difference without undue burden we have a responsibility as a human to do so.  thanks, bob
backnarok! i like it.
i might be beating a dead goat here, but i'd love to see something (unit, upgrade, passive ability) that is specific to each clan to give them a little personality while still keeping the draft mechanic.  it would make me much more inclined to buy a 5th or 6th clan if i knew that they were bringing something unique to the game.  that, or letting the clans fight the big monsters that are as much a part of the story as the gods are.  i'd pay for that.  hopefully the storm of backers that so many folks are predicting (backnarok?) happens and we see how intense the fully realized version of the game is.
think about it. this is a much shorter project than any of their other games and it already has more backers than their last 2 games combined. they're doing something right.
it does seem very short compared to others i've looked at, but then i'm not experienced with ks so wouldn't really know.
yep happy to have upgrade at a reasonable price rather than addons that cost a fortune and then the project takes 3 times the delivery time if it arrives at all
#shaman i think you guys should stick as close to the mythology as possible when naming characters/creatures. i think it would be unwise to alter a name because some people conjure up the image of the native american equivalent. a quick google (and admittedly it's just that) suggests that shamens are within the lore of the world. i'd even suggest actually using a norse word that is closest to who they are/what you want them to represent...that way you can educate people in the mythology of the world  that you're creating. there no harm in that....it may even encourage people to look the information up! win win :) - my two cents great work by the way. looking forward to playing it! mentic
wonder if this is a prototype ks campaign? have they run it this short on a known game before?
it would be nice if they added a few more stretch goals now so we could see what's beyond the various clan shaman (especially since it's hardly a surprise now), or does that sort of thing not happen after the initial stretch goals are exhausted?
i second that coralline and 3rd that ub3r
ub3r nails it again. (✿◠‿◠)
gotta say, it's so cool that this game is made by a guy named eric.  very appropriate.
yeah, i'd much rather try to keep my wallet happy here, so i'm very appreciative that this isn't filled with tons and tons of add-ons trying to nickle and dime me to death. spending less than $150 on the whole project would make me jump for joy.
when people say it is going slow, i believe this is in comparison to what they believe this campaign could be making if the stretch goals were addons instead. personally, i'd rather spend the extra money, but i can see how other might be on a budget.
yes this is going great!
the vikings are coming for our money! and they're winning!
roll baby, roll!
#1 on kicktraq today (again) and people are still saying this is going slow. blood rage is on a roll.
#shaman ovate - in ancient times an ovate was a prophet, seer, healer and diviner wistmen keep up the good work!
@joel probably in plastic trays, but i would love to see a collector's box like conan had.
#shaman chosen, seer, warmage, runemage, shaman, mystic, wiccae, all good.  i think chosen is my preference; allready on the cards :-) !
to remplace the #shaman term,i think oracle is much more apropriate....if you see the vikings series.
@joel blackie. if this is packaged like arcadia quest then all the minis come in plastic trays with each mini in its own compartment. it was all very well done unlike games by other companies (i'm looking at you mantic - deadzone just had everything chucked in one big box)
@joel blackie  if they package it like they did for kaosball, rivet wars, or arcadia quest you should have no problems with the figures hurting each other.
very happy to see all this support and progress! two quick things: how are you looking with box space and organisation? nothing worse than getting a box that requires you to simply dump all those great miniatures on top of one another, risking bending and breaking the weak points (sword tips etc) . i normally buy a seperate plastic container for themthem but having set places or some support is a plus. look to shadows over camelot ffg and their original packaging had simple plastic holdings for the figures to keep them safe and separate. #shamans mystic wise one chosen seer just a couple of simple names for you! come on stretch goals! keep up that steam!
@captain matt - good point! people don't realize it as they stare hard at such a large number, but this really hasn't slowed down, just keeps a nice steady pace going.
8th pagan it's the 48 hour reminder. a lot of people set it and forget it until that hits. then they beget the email and check their bank account and decide if and how much to back. so you always see a huge spike. probably upwards of 300k the last 2 days. never say never but history does repeat itself
just a reminder that we are not actually moving slowly we have been doing between $20k and $25k the past 6 days and we are over $18k for today.  we are are doing very well and will be in the range of the past 6 days before today is done.
#shamans i vote for either priest/priestess or conjurer.
@the shaman name question. seiðr - for the female raven witches(shaman) seiðmaðr - for the male serpent witches (shaman) taken from the norse names for practitioners of spells using spirits.
i've only done a few kss myself but the last one i was backing doubled in the last four days with most of that being the last day. they did have their sgs all posted from the beginning so when people saw it was getting close there was a mad rush to get them all. so i hope they post a few more at a time to get the interest up, but either way pledges do increase near the end
only my second kick starter (other being thunderbirds) so the late rush i see mentioned seems a bit alien. i understand late bids on ebay, but less so with ks. if know some must wait for stretch goals, but i like pledging and then getting free stuff as sg. i look at it as buying a meal that gets more free desserts thrown in as other people buy the same meal.
hey blood rage is #1 on kicktraqs todays top 10!
i want to see some creatures like a huldra which is female forest spirit beautiful woman but with a tell like a tail, usually cow or fox, or a hollow back.
really this is the perfect time for it to be slow if you can even call it that. i think we'll at least see the next shaman revealed by the 48 hrs mark so with that past half it will push the numbers up too. it feels dragged now but it's going to be awesome in little time:)
ya i think these guys know what they are doing. i've made suggestions as to how i would do it but i'm not disappointed. the raven shaman or whatever is very unique and awesome which is a plus as i thought they would all be the same or very similar. and without a doubt this ks is going to explode. this is too good a game from an awesome crew with great minis to not go crazy at the end. and i foresee some pretty cool sg coming.
well, maybe not that fast....but it was surely fast enough that it was worth staying on the boards and watching it.
i even recall during mega man we were unlocking goals roughly every 15-20 minutes. it was fun to watch.
#shaman  rune priest / rune witch oracle chosen (of the gods)
@syncher - summed up perfectly!
@tyson, the last two days of a ks are usually insanity. people get email notifications for reminders, people on the fence decide. we're gonna blow through these and fast.
@tyson we will get through them. it'll just be a chore.
i would not be shocked if this surged to 1mil we'll see what the 48hr push has in store. you can't have ragnarök without fenris, and jormungandr at least they do both kill odin and thor( dies after killing the serpent) they're saving the best for last probably, hopefully...would be cool
i don't think we will even get through all the shamans at this rate. it's going to suck having 3/4 of an expansion and going to have to buy the full one to complete it. wish they were monsters :(
seers or shaman look cool but do they foresee at the 700k sg a "children of loki" add-on/sg including awesome sculpts of the wolf fenrir, hel and jörmungandr ? maybe? would be awesome
@coralline - i have a bunch of dragon statues around the house.  some dragon artwork, too.  i'm not really a wargamer, or an rpger, so i don't have a ton of non-game-specific minis.  off the top of my head, i think sapphire from dotr is the only dragon mini i have.  so, i was kind of hoping to get an awesome (and big) nidhoggr mini to fill that lack.
hope with the next stretch goal (after the raven rune seer) we see 3 new seer upgrade cards because there are still three goads left
who needs a pile of dragons ... one is usually enough ;)
@donnbobhardy - wah?! that makes me cry. everybody needs dragons! just not in a viking game. serpents, giants, trolls, and wolves make more sense in this setting, unless you want a dragon that feeds on roots of the world tree. níðhöggr doesn't attack warriors. he eats unvirtuous people.
i'm really digging the raven shaman sculpt.
#shaman seer
@coralline - i don't have a pile of dragons.....
jeremy - +1 i absolutely love the way cmon is doing this. i've been a fence sitter for a long time but after seeing the shamans i'm in. they add a lot to the feel of the game, which i didn't actually care about before them. the lackluster gods did nothing to attract me to this project. the shamans are beautifully sculpted and they're hard minis to come by. they add value and flavor to the game and will come in handy for lots of rpgs. way better than adding another dragon to the pile most of us have.
#shaman - elder
people always ask for the "add-ons" to be sgs.... then when they make them sgs.. people complain.  if this wasn't sgs.. we would be paying for them :(
i think donn is on to something. i'd get my more monsters that way
@jeffery i have to agree, when the gods were being revealed you at least had some suspense as to how the minis were going to look and which one was next, the shamans feel more like we're grinding. i want to try to keep positive, though and get others excited so we can get more backers. it just feels weird to have have to work for it though.
#shaman - we could call them dragons!  then, we could possibly remold them slightly so that they look more like giant lizards.  perhaps add some wings...
@donnbobhardy mine wasn't really a vote, just having a bit of fun. ;-)
@ub3r - i think they're just messing with you now.
yeah. that or anything worth the word "rune" in it. it's got that norse feel
i am officially on the mystic or seer bandwagon. the more i think about it, the more they grow on me.
*sighs* again... . public service announcement: voting for #shaman is done in the update #22 comments section.  .  the update specifically said this. go vote over there, not in here.
#shaman : another vote for renaming it "seer" . fits the background and atmosphere much better while sounding less generic than shaman or mystic.
yay for eb!
don't know who to thank but somebody just gave me an early bird! ^_^ thanks.
i like #mystic the best but shaman is fine.
i was more excited for the gods because each god at least had a different ability. with the shaman, we already know what they do. the only unknown is what they'll look like but we already know the basic theme of each...
i found the gods to be a boring series of sgs, and i find the shamans to be more tedious. we know what's coming, so why have the secrecy and reveal? if anything, it's more of a letdown to open the update and find out you were right. don't get me wrong, i think they're a great addition, but i would have preferred if they were bundled or paired with an add-on.
@michael - go to the comments section of update #22 and vote there, this is not the right comments section to vote in.
#shaman seer would be a better name for them
#shaman i suggest changing the name "shaman" to seer.   it goes in line more with their role and is even referenced in the current show vikings on the history channel, which makes it very easy for people to understand, aside from numerous other cultural references.   also, it saves text space.
the gods/shaman are a completely new game mechanic. you could be pedantic and argue the monsters are a mini-expansion as well but it's easy enough to just mix them in with the base game cards and they won't mess with much. they don't complicate the game more.
as far as the psychology of it goes, it can go either way; if each stretch goal was a kickstarter exclusive then that would definitely appeal to new backers but then so would getting planned expansions for 'free'. i'm not sure either is actually better than the other.
@jason - so, what do you call the 3 exclusive monsters?  the 3 monsters and the 6 gods are both expansions/mini-expansions.  the only real difference is that only one of them will be available at retail. . but, fwiw, i agree about the psychology of it.
i'm just commenting on the psychology of it. how big of an addition is subjective. i'd rather have cool monsters. i hate having expansions/mini expansions for games i haven't played yet because then it's possible a.) i wasted my money if i end up hating the game and b.) i feel pressured to use them despite not having fully explored the base game. i'd much rather pick up the mini expansions at a later date if i end up enjoying the game.
@xipe - it will.
@everyone i posted an alternative in the updates for #shaman (which i have no problem with btw) to witch doctor, you guys think that would fit the mythology?
@brian, i don't actually have a problem with the shaman, i think they look really nice, i'd just be very disappointed and feel that whole part of the game was incomplete if not all 5 clans (so far) had their own. as long as the figure flies past $700k then i'm good.
i find the shamans boring as sgs. as addons perfectly fine
@popenx - according to the rules, neither are the shamans.
@jason - two big ones, though.
the gods weren't linked to specific clans either.
@david - they've said it plays perfectly fine with 2 players.
@ brian - i agree totally regarding the shaman stretch goals. in addition, the sculpts that have been revealed so look fantastic.
@donn i think the bigger issue is that they followed the gods with the shaman. it was still early in the campaign and i was fine with what they were doing then. to turn around and do the exact same thing with another mini expansion was just tiresome though. it amounts to basically 2 stretch goals accomplished in 2 weeks.
does anyone have info on how this game plays with just 2 people? i don`t have the luxury of a larger gaming group of 4 or 5 people so any info would be great thanks.
@xipe personally, i rather have five shaman stretch goals that actually something to the game, then another five random monsters that look cool, but aren't well thought out and won't see any play. i agree that is doesn't have as much wow factor, but it's probably a lot better for actual gameplay.
and we're still on track for $20k+ today as well.
@xipe - cmon was doing the exact same thing with the gods before that, and it didn't have a negative effect.  we've continued to do a consistent $20k+ each day.
will definately get a 6th clan if offered.
@ renate, runa vitki is runeseer in celtic
@donn, almost all of those were before the uninspired shaman step by step add-ons were announced ;)
it's apparently inspiring enough to get over 6000 backers in less than 2 weeks.
@jason - so, you're saying that they should give us 1 set of shamans as a sg to wet our appetite and then give us the rest as an add-on?  oh, you said dogs, not crows.
well as this is my first foray into kickstarter territory i shall bow to those of you with experience and look forward to the huge surge of backing that will come with the 48 hour reminders.
well. i hope that you guys, the optimistic ones, are right. i still doubt that, even with an add-on. as @xipe totec said, it is most uninspiring, thats the right word.
to make a comparison... splitting out the shaman into 4 (or 5) stretch goals would be akin to splitting out the companion dogs stretch goal (from the zombicide ks) into each type of dog. that would have been pretty boring (and stupid) as well.
thiago said that the shamans foresaw a surge coming.  he could have just been spouting randomly or possibly referencing the 48 hour emails, but he could also have been foreshadowing a new add-on.
yeah, adding shamans separately for each clan at this late stage is rather uninspired having to wait for the pledged amount to rise some $160-200k, although, like some of you believe, i'd like to think it means they're very confident of surpassing that goal because the game only having 2 or 3 clan specific shaman while missing the other ones would be ridiculous.
@frank - if shaman is too non-thematic, i doubt wizard will pass muster.
based on the effect of the three cards, it seems to me that these act like battle wizards -- thus my suggestion: battle wizard (or just wizard if space is limited.)
i was thinking perhaps "seer" would work? though i have no objections to #shaman
yeah, i'm here for the minis. the game is just something i might be able to get my d&d group to play, but for sure the 6th clan would be pledged for so i can paint those suckers up.
i would have taken the 'ram' clan but the exclusives are too poor imo, if another 'clan' is offered i would hope for better otherwise why bother now-await retail with discount! also, these 'shamans' as an add on we could be done but another three (not including one we are on) sg to round them out? sorry but that is soooo dull :)
i am here for the game and the minis.
the problem with a sixth clan is that you get diminishing returns on such add-ons. not everyone did the fifth player one and then even fewer will do the sixth. plus as some have said you might need the double sided board. that adds costs for the base game as you have to print it on both sides for everyone not just those who buy the add-on. i can't see the sixth player board being included only in the add-on or it will be $40+. that is crazy. plus hardly any games are six players anymore so i just don't think it will happen. that is just my opinion though.
i think backers that are here for the game would choose rams or boars. i think backers that are here for the minis would get both. i think a set of rules for 6 players would cause either group to be more likely to get it.
i would most likely get the 6th clan just because i think the minis in the others look great and i like painting cool looking minis. then my viking hoard could be complete.
public service announcement: voting for #shaman is done in the update #22 comments section. . the update specifically said this. go vote over there, not in here.
+1 @itamar parann.
#shaman  :  seer. a general enough name, and much closer to the nordic ethos.
@fredd - nothing has been said yet, but we're hoping. @brian - i think enough would add both that it would give us a nice bump.  maybe get us through the next shamans today instead of tomorrow.
i see the added clan(s) only as different choices to play with as i'll never find another 4 or more people to play with anyway lol
does anyone know if these miniatures will be for sale individually?
@charred toast - no, not yet. the artwork suggests a 6th (and final) clan, but no mention from cmon about it. we are all guessing at this point. i'd be willing to bet it does come out in the last 2 days of the campaign to boost up the #'s more and help with that final push.
@gerald - they won't use gothar.  it's too norse and no-one would understand it.
@donnbobhardy unless they add a double-sided board to the main game, i can't see too many people pledging for a 6th clan. i think that, like you, many would just choose their favourite between the ram and boar clan instead of getting both. the $30 for the ram clan is already stretching it for me, and for $60 i could get a whole new game.
#shaman  being from iceland, i strongly oppose calling them skalds. skáld is a poet, writer of stories or chronicler, they had nothing to do with magic..  other suggestions that stung my eyes were seiðr and galdr because that roughly means "magic/spell".  due to cmon noting that they'll be avoiding obscure terms (even though i would really like seeing words from my culture) i would suggest mystic. i'm also fine with seer because cmon have already been liberal in the naming of other creatures from the norse mythology for the game.
if nothing else, asking us for our suggestions for a shaman replacement has certainly caused our comment count to spike.
#shamans. i believe that 'gothar' is a more historically accurate term. it is the collective form of 'gothi' and is a non-gender specific term.
it would depend on how much i liked the minis in a 6th clan.
i'm just not sure the shamans add enough game play effect to "use up"  stretch goals (5 of them to have it for all the clans). i would prefer other sgs that add more than just 2 minis for one clan and 3 cards.... just my 2 cents
i personally think druid is worse than shaman.  i tend to think of druids as being peaceful and in tune with nature.  that doesn't make me think of a viking at all.
@xipe - although a board upgrade for playing with 6 might also tempt me for the 6th.
#shaman it was certainly already proposed, but the term "druid" could be correct but i like the term "shaman", it doesn't disturb me
is there going to be a 6th clan? seems like they would have put it out by now if it was coming.
@xipe - probably not.  5 players is enough for me, but depending on the sculpts, i might get boars instead.  if they made a bundle offer, then i might get both.
yep, i too love the new shaman mini.
@xipe - yes, i definitely will get the 6th clan when it is offered. :p
@loig - couldn't disagree with you about the shamans being add-ons rather than sg's more. totally think it would've been a bad idea. they said since the beginning this was going to be an "add-on light" kickstarter. having them as sg's is really cool imo.
@c piper i think a good number of people have already said that they would buy the boar clan when its added.  i am hoping as @donnbobhardy has mentioned that we can get it bundled with the ram clan.
the raven shaman's miniature is wonderful.  congratulation to the team
would most of you really order a sixth clan should it be announced? i've pledged for the ram clan for completion even though i think at $30 it's way too expensive and frankly, if they added another clan for the same price not only would i not buy it, i'd 'cancel' my $30 pledge for the ram one as well considering that'd nearly double the cost of the game for a small fraction of add-ons compared to what's included in the base game.
@thiago is that truly possible?  i do not believe it!   not even the bear mystic having a stuffed panda?
i think it would have been better to have the shamans as addons instead of stretch goals...
*gasp*
@captain matt: i have no idea how this happened, but it seems eric lang finally made a game without a panda...
just got done pimpin' this ks again on social media. everyone should be getting the word out, we'd get a bunch more backers and pillage all the stretch goals! skol!
most cases in viking stories the shaman is called a seer.
@thiago where is my panda?
@mictlan: the 5th player expansion comes with 2 extra small bases and 2 extra big bases, for use with the monsters you get, just like the core box clans.
@mictlan i think we are hoping that the ram shaman becomes a bonus part of the last core clan sg while we are unlocking these.
@mictlan - yes, for the colored bases.  we don't know about the shamans.
mystic is my current favorite.
i have a couple of questions about the ram expansion: would it include small and large colored base inserts as it happens with the base game? would the ram shaman be a sg or will they just include it?
maybe "mystic" instead of "shaman"?
@donnbobhardy yep those bakers would make us an extra $9k if they came in just for the game.
not the mention the 100+ backers that are still at $1.
everyone - go to the update #22 comments section and post your votes there, not here as the update specifically stated.
we'll definitely make all the shamans + other sg's by the time this is over. 4 days left, 48-hour reminders go out in 2 days and we'll see a huge surge of people who clicked on the remind me button.
#shaman skald the term skald (or skáld) meaning ‘poet’, is generally used for poets who composed at the courts of scandinavian and icelandic leaders during the viking age and middle ages. in the history of fantasy games / books, skalds have been occasionally been able to use magic and more commonly, boost morale of warriors and demoralize (curse) enemies. almost always they are "lore keepers" or "remembers". it would be a proper norse word at least.
@donnbobhardy if they add a 6th clan for $30, they better give us some kind of bundle option with a savings. there is no way i am shelling out another $30 for an extra faction, esepcially since the game only plays to five and it would be purely for the minis.
hope we make through all the clan shamans. the total is at a crawl right now. maybe it'll shoot up in the final 48
@donnbobhardy  i like the boar/ram idea
amazing sculpt imo! :d
trying to recover @jorge ;-)
@donnbobhardy - thanks, good news ! :)
@malmirgrim - you'll get a survey latter on that will ask for details.  for now, you're good to go.
#shaman   #shaman   #shaman maybe this could work... soothsayer /ˈsuːθˌseɪə/  noun a seer or prophet   mid-14c., zoþ ziggere (kentish), "one who speaks truth,;" late 14c., sothseggere, "fortune-teller;" see sooth + say. old english had soðsagu "act of speaking the truth."
i'm beginner on ks. i made a 130$ pledge (75$ core + 30$ optional buy #1 + 25$ optional buy #2), and there's no specific choices to purchase optional buys. is the optional buys will be added automatically ?
fffffff that new shaman sculpt, we need to unlock this one.
+1 @renate therese hagen
+1 @sir chaos
ooh.  what if they add the boars for $30 and make a bundle of boars and rams for $50?
@mark not at all. like they said it was originally planned as an added expansion and they're trying to add it for free. the game itself feels fairly complete from what's just in the core. if the sg's feel like they should have already been a part of the game that just means they're doing a good job of adding new elements that feel natural to the overall theme and game itself
@ hans olav. not big on the logo either. or the box art. too 90s heavy metal. would have looked better in something urnes-styled, like the little black and grey drawing on the side of the box. or oseberg.
maybe boar clan later today/tonight or tomorrow. that'd be pretty cool and get a bunch of us to up our pledges by $30 each.
@skazz i think that depends on how many more add-ons we expect to see.  if we are only expecting one more i would guess that it will be just after the 48 hour mark.  if we are expecting more than one sure it could be now or early tomorrow morning.
well the ks is playing out the way it's playing out and as much as it would be nice if it were different at least the pedges are still coming in and the game is still awesome. as a suggestion i would have put all shaman in one sg with one of each clan with add on to buy 2nd set, but like i said it, doesn't matter. this game is sweet.
i am a little surprised that we haven't seen the boars yet.  with or without 6-player rules.
do you think we will see an addon today? i guess that would be a good choice just before the weekend....
just remember we are moving at a pretty good clip here about $15k so far and the day is just a little over half way done.  keep up the discussions and share the heck out of the project and we will have all the shamans and some other really cool stuff added soon.
@jason - i'm excited for the game, but not excited for the ks.  that's good enough for me.
the logo would look so much cooler if there was a shield instead of a skull under the name. a skull is just dull and "pasted on". please get rid of the skull. please!
@mark - they're a new rule.  that sounds exactly like what i would expect in an expansion. @ub3r - wha...?  *blushes*
everything is under control. nothing can go wrong. the 5 clans toberenamed-ex-shamans are a done deal. let's get this ks roling.
@donn if i'm not excited, i'm not backing it. it should go without saying but exciting > boring
@mark - absolutely not. i feel quite the opposite actually.
@donnbobhardy - will you be my bff?
@lee - not going to happen.  they're avoiding anything that is too norse.
anyone else feel like we are just unlocking things that should have ready been in the base game? i feel a little blah about the sgs
does a ks really have to be exciting?  this one is slow, cheap, and steady.  we're getting a lot of stuff.  we'll probably hit $800k to $900k.  is that really so bad?  if it's that boring, why not go play some other games and just wait for your game to arrive in september.
i'm extremely happy with how this is playing out, very add-on light and getting tons of cool sculpts in this awesome game for $70-$75. 4 days left, it will just get more and more epic.
i would at least like to know what is coming after the shamans. you know something to look forward to.
hahahaha... people gets "traumatized" because aren't getting any "goat" hahahaha :-d
yeeesh... i was hoping that they would switch to sgs that could stand alone the last couple of days instead of ones that would leave the game feeling incomplete if we don't meet the 700k mark.  still, i could be wrong... hopefully there will be an add-on or something for some really big, scary models like fenrir that show up on the board kind of like the gods that players can defeat for extra glory, or they might give seers to the three more 'civilized' clans (ravens, serpents, rams) while the three 'savage' clans (wolves, bears, boars?) get berserker models with a different set of upgrade cards to give the clans some individual personality.  i'm also hoping to see 'chosen' cards for tyr, hiemdall, and loki in the near future.
i just did a quick read-up, and the art itself was known as seidr, while male practitioners were known as seiðmenn, and female known as völva. it is worth noting that seiðmenn were looked down on by the rest of viking society as ergi, or "unmanly", despite the fact that odin, himself, was seen as a seiðmenn. i think these terms would be pretty cool.
i'm really digging the shaman sculpts and the game play options they'll bring.
arrgg where's me goats!
@fleawea - wouldn't it be even more boring to have the next sg all the way out at $700k?
@jason i agree and at the same time #shaman - what about elder or rune elder
have to agree i'm disappointed in the stretch goals.  my heart sank when i saw shaman round 2  :(
slow your roll @fleawea, still 4 days to go!
these pseudo stretch goals per clan are getting annoying. just group them all into 1 stretch goal and quadruple the amount. i mean, what are they going to do if we only unlock the shamans for 1 of the clans? not give us any shamans for the 3 other clans? please..
i agree with @jason, can we please just do a 'shaman/whatever' add on and be done with it? it's like watching planks warp waiting on these-and the next three sg. :)
@donnbobhardy - nah, that'd take too long we still have to wait for fulfillment and if someone wanted to play the game they'd be w/o a figure. i'd rather dip into my collection of metal rather than break up a game (if i lost).
@jorge; probably get sued by gw for using that ;) (even without the power armour).
@ub3r - oh.  i thought you were offering something from br.
old norse calls this magical "shamanistic" art the seidr.  natural users of seidr -- or norse witches-- are known as "norns" (so this is a possibility).  professionals of the seidr are known as "volva" (so this is another possibility).  note, volva has a umlaut over the o. i believe the term volva would be more applied to a person whose sole job was to practice this magical form.
@renato lule: how about runeseer?
i have no problem with shaman but so many late project goals dedicated to them is a bit lame and boring.
is it just me or is there an uncanny resemblance between the #shaman and "the seer" from vikings the tv show. http://vikings.wikia.com/wiki/the_seer
#shaman @ grizzly archer  - i could get behind a few of these: oracle  seer .....and would throw out; prophet & soothsayer
i personally like one of the names involving runes such as rune priests or rune shamans or something like that.
just a metal figure, viking or barbarian themed i'd say.
@ lee garvin. skald is used for poets, story writers and tellers. no magic there.
a skald was very much a poet in the strict sense. nothing mystical about it in the sagas. what was mystical (apart from the strange words seithr or völva) was actually the runes. which was said to have power.
@ub3r - who chooses the figure?
is mage generic enough for use?
@daniel - so you think me wrong? let's do a friendly bet then. i'm willing to back up my claim this will see all shaman + other sg's unlock and hit $800k+. you collect/paint figures? i'd bet one of my unpainted figs that we do. you in?
i'm liking mystic and sorcerer.  or maybe conjurer?
@ brian shaman term originates in northern asia, russian part iirc. ha snothing to do with norse myth other than the pagan revivalists having some ties to the neoshamans...
@earth worm - 2 data points is a little hard to make conclusions from.
i have no problem with shaman; it was originally used in what is now russia, so norse shamans would be closer to the source than even native american. the fact is, shamans exist on every continent. druid refers to a very specific religion, i don't think that would be appropriate. seer might be okay, but seems limited in ability compared to what you are doing. another choice could be skald, but i'm unsure just now of the precise definition.
have you noticed that the shamans are the oposite gender of the clan serpent all women, serpent druids are male  the same with the female raven druid. we can espect to see female shamans from here.
druids really isn't part of the viking world.
i hope that cmon put a shaman into the expansión of 5th player for free.....
we will see and i rallye hope too but only 2k during last 2 hours...even of i agree that will be faster near of the end.
for alternate names: oracle seer druid magus
looks like people got their wish of more females fully clothed!
@ inigo. is runa vitki the iclandic term? haven't heard that one. reader of runes?
@daniel desmarais: oh ye of little faith. fear not! the shamans/seers/druids/mystics have foretold a great surge in the coming days!
@daniel i seriously doubt this won't hit $700k. everything will be fine.
@daniel - i would bet on it.  this will finish the shamans easily during the last 48 hours.
@henrik too asian? i have never heard the word "shaman" used in any asian setting. to me shaman is more native american, south american or african.
@ub3r_n3rd  i would not bet on this.
@jorge i guess so.
@daniel - seriously? i bet you we'll hit $800k + easily here, crush all shaman sg's and a few others along the way. just wait and see, the sky is not falling here.
#shaman either seer or more preferably runeseer. shaman is too asian to really fit into the norse style of the game. seer is simple to understand and very close to the word seiðr or seithr. the runes were mystical in origin and was said to be a gift from odin himself (björketorp runestone inscription: i, master of the runes, conceal here runes of power...)referring to runes ain't that hard on your educational level either. so having runeseers would actually convey a norse feeling and their function would be easy to understand. imho. so, just rename the shamans and add fenris as a sg, then we're done ;-)
does this mean we are once again going to go another 36 hours without updates. :-(
i have serious doubts that we will get through all the shamans despite the enthusiam of thiago.
a lot of people are panicking with 4 days left. this will crush a bunch more stretch goals. settle down, enjoy the ride and you'll see it amp up in the last 48 when reminders go out. stop worrying so much and asking "what ifs" when we aren't even close to it yet. smh
@donnbobhardy - i think that'll end up being the case.
@capatin matt. @terence lee. i agree. i think it is cool that the campaign is using stretch goals to support the expansions, which means we, the backers, are getting a good deal. if the campaign was not going well then cmon would have made the shaman figures all available for $30 (or so). it feels like a compromise to use individual components of an expansion as a sg, because the sgs are then very predictable, which tempers the excitement. and it seems like they would never just give away half an expansion so they fully expect to reach the stretch goal of $660k (or so). i get the feeling the people here who are asking for add-ons are really asking for kickstarter exclusive miniatures, which in other campaigns ignite some serious funding. however, this is primarily a board game that happens to include beautiful miniatures, so i have some doubts they have a secret stash of miniatures they are waiting to unleash. i'd love to be wrong about that though.
@godfather punk it wont be delivered free we have to pay shipping after the funding and it goes off weight...
@john webb i agree too. this past week has been boring in term of sgs, surprises, or add-ons. and now, we must get through 3 other shaman sgs. not the best i've seen from cmon. :(
the shaman sgs are kind of lame because they're already planning to meet them all.  do you think they would release it only selling 3 sets of shamans and having 1-2 clans missing their shaman minis?  that would be odd.
perhaps we'll have sgs for the 1st 4 clans, but the 5th clan will get them for free?  that will avoid having a sg that only affects some of the backers and could explain the $40k gaps.
the correct name for these shaman would be: runa vitki. they were very similar to shamans and were able to read runes
#shaman shaman it's ok, but i understand that people relates the term with native americans "witch doctors". i vote for "seer", or as someone said, "hermit". could it be "druid" too but that will not be totally acurate. (the druids weren't norse people i think). and yes, the "seers" can heal, cast spells and things like that, not just "peek at the future". so i vote for that word doing a little research,  "seiðr" was the name for the sorcery they used. so, "seiðrmenn" was the men and "vǫlur" where the women. but they hadn't a genderless word...
@nrak thats what i mean;  when i first backed i was all excited and constantly checking; now it feels like meh
@punk right on! - bring on me goats and some monsters of nordic myth! ;-)
@john i can understand the lack of enthusiasm for the same goal 4 times but remember this was originally planned as a paid add-on which now we are getting for free.  yes we are getting it in pieces but its not raising your pledge to do so.  it would also be really bad if we got half of this game mode because other goals were put between them.
@john webb - each stretch goal and all previous goals have to be delivered free to 6000+ backers. so not greedy; just good business sense.
i wasn't aware that "shaman" was a nordic term, but: http://norse-mythology.org/concepts/shamanism/
i agree that knowing for sure what is going to be the next 4-5 strech goals is killing the kickstarter feeling for me. we had this since start with the alternate sculpt, tokens, gods and now shamans ... although at least the shaman sculpts are nice it's not as fun knowing what will arrive for the next 3-4 days ...
@john webb 40k for a new sculpt isn't crazy. i have seen some ks projects do them at 25k, and others at 50k. i think it's nice that we are getting an expasion as free stretch goals instead of an add-on, but that's me.
really nice ravenshaman... :)
anyone else feel that these new sg are a little lazy/greedy 40k extra each goal and we need  to get it another 3 times to get the full set? i was really syked up for this game and its the first time ive backed a ks campaign but as the week has gone on ive got less enthusiastic about it just at the sheer lack of interesting sg compared to other cmon projects that ive seen them have funded. or is it just me?
we use volva and seidmann, but they are gender spesific. norn are 3 specific godesses of fate. druid have never been used, and the modern portrayal of them as nature lovers doesn't fit with viking blood sacrifices. this is hard...
@thiago - can you give us more info on how it will be when fully unlocked?
@donnbobhardy: as stated in the update, that would be an incomplete version of the game mode. first two upgrade cards played would get a shaman figure, but the third played upgrade card would only grant more abilities to your shaman. but don't worry, i'm sure we'll be able to unlock this expansion fully as intended.
#shaman i think the term "elder" could work - it conveys a similar idea of knowledge above and beyond your typical warrior.
#shaman i prefer seer, is a quick reference from the tv series vikings (btw i really didn't understand why the people thinks that is male...is more like a genderless kobold...)
#shaman: seer (siare in swedish?), priest, fortuneteller, herald, diviner?
@thiago: you know, at this point, i kind of expected a surprise stretchgoal: say a sudden unannounced sg that will be even before the newest stretchgoal of 580k. that would be something loki would pull off. go on, surprise us! :)
@donnbobhardy - yes, you get a maximum of 2 figures, but they benefit from all 3 upgrades.
@buissonet don't be too worried. the way ks works, we are likely going to break $700k on this project. the last few days are always a huge boost. my first comment was just looking at a worst-case scenario.
@thiago - so, how does it work with 3 shaman upgrade cards, but only 2 shamans?
i still would like to se the viking clan warriors and leaders as add-ons for those that would like some more of them, and having add-ons won't be that big a problem as long as they are not exclusive.
early bird up for grabs!
yes! add-ons! we will get there faster! just nothing that would be required for the game. how about mini sets of the 4 clans, for miniature gamers who want to field an army of vikings? or monster packs for who wants moar trolls & giants? and where is the fenris and nidhogg stretch goal? held up by them goats?
norns,caster,oracle,druid,warlock,sage, just a few come to mind
#shaman i think shaman works fine. but if a sub is favored, i'd go with gothi. it keeps the feel and has ties to a priest-like figurehead. you're already pulling in mythology references most people don't recognize, like elves, goblins, and dwarves (they may think high fantasy type things, but not actual myth portrayals), so why not keep it going? no problems educating a little bit while making a topic fun and interesting.
#shaman = i could like seer for the name as yes i do equate shaman with more aboriginal tribes (wrongly apparently)
@donnbobhardy  just got back from lunch but wanted to answer your question with what i se and understand. . the shamans would be first come first serve.  there are currently 4 figures and 6 cards so only two possible not getting one. . i want to point out that in the update we still only saw the same 3 gods on the shaman cards, which says to me that the next goal after this will have 2 shamans and 3 cards associated with the other gods for 3+ players.  then the one after that will be the last base clans 2 figures and 3 cards for 4+ players for the same gods. . maybe the next goal can have both a base clan and the add-on clan shamans to unlock.
if we have an oracle will we need a neo viking to find her? (or are we definitely not mixing genres? :p)
no! no more add-ons!  we will get there (all of the shamans) without them!
@thiago.common please for the next sg put it 20k over this one.or we will nevers have 5 full clans.make that gift for bakers that help this project to become possible.please.
i understand that shaman or druid might not be perfectly historically accurate, but i think those are terms most people are familiar with and they get the right vibe across in my opinion. also, huge +1 for including the shamans/druids in the 5th player expansion automatically and not needing a stretch goal. that would really improve the value for the box and i think it might nudge more backers to go for it.
nice thanks! looking forward to this! i've been waiting a long time for a cool vikings game leaning toward the ameritrash side of the scale.  really glad i discovered this game!
@thiago any plans for another add-on soon? we're all gettin itchy to spend a little more cash and get these sgs knocked out
+1 for oracle
#shaman  in the 13th warrior movie (not a bad viking film) they called on the oracle.  i could get behind that.  however shaman doesn't bother me too much.
@ zeetro. the term for someone who does seidr is pretty close in some modern languages so had to double check myself :)
@david bernier: yes, you can use the ram clan even if playing only 2-player.
suggestions for shaman replacement name: animist spiritist spirit seeker also, there's nothing wrong with using an arcane term in a game like this.
@david - yes.
no prob @eart worm that's our chance to get a couple of voluptuous seers, i still miss me goats! ;-)
+1 shane. even if i bought it in every cases.lol
question about the 5th player expansion: will this be a new faction usable even whe playing with 4 or less? by that i mean, will this add more variety to the vikings clan a player can choose from?
druids were more from ireland and scotland, not really part of the vikings society.
yeap!, in warcraft 3 the druids are some forest things
fwiw, i really think automatically including the ram shamans in the $30 add-on that already exists will convince more people to include it, rather than adding them as a stretch goal.
gosh!!! my greatest fear has come true. that means that we have still $120k to go to get those shamans for the 4 clans ($40k each) to get rid of those. we better get some serious cash coming in soon. at this rate, we will never gonna make it. :(
@renate: well, that's how much i know, lol
druid is another good one. any historical objections to it?
have you noticed that the shamans are the oposite gender of the clan serpent all women, serpent druids are male the same with the female raven druid. we can espect to see female shamans from here.
the term "druid" originates with the celts and were their poets, judges and spiritual leaders for hundreds of years before the invasion of gaul, and eventually the british isles, by the roman empire. might be a more thematic term than shaman.
im a fan of runecaster
just putting it out there again everyone, don't worry so much. there are 4 days left to go and this will get a huge jump the last 48 hours as reminders go out. things will get unlocked, voice your worries at the very end not 4 days before.
@ 8thpafan, volvas are all female. wouldn't work.
well, after the shamans (or whatever they end up being called, perhaps some norse myths could pop up as well : ) from wiki the draugr or draug (old norse: draugr, plural draugar; modern icelandic: draugur, faroese: dreygur and norwegian, swedish and danish draugen), also called aptrganga or aptrgangr, literally "again-walker" (icelandic: afturganga) is an undead creature from norse mythology "the will appears to be strong, strong enough to draw the hugr [animate will] back to one's body. these reanimated individuals were known as draugar. however, though the dead might live again, they could also die again. draugar die a "second death" as chester gould calls it, when their bodies decay, are burned, dismembered or otherwise destroyed.
+1 for druids
@earth worm jim: i'm pretty sure the raven seer (trying the word out) has a couple of cats stuffed inside those robes somewhere. that's why she's holding her raven so high.
vöolva +1  - well as a dane im also a big fan of "spækone / spåkone" but thats a female only & probably not possible for anybody outside scandinavia to pronounce -  but volva would be the correct term imho http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%b6lva #shaman
a druid  has a spiritual connection to their divinity and is a healer.
@zeetro. seidr isn't a term for a seer/shaman. it's what they do.
ok, so looks like there´s going to be one pair of shamans per clan -serpent -raven wolf bear ram maybe we can see a "crazy old woman of the cats!"
not shamans but seidmadhr it should say
@thiago - the blind witch really fits with seer - any chance of an art preview to help with suggestions? =)
i agree with some others here.  i'm concerned about not only unlocking the rest of the shamans, but about unlocking any other stuff as well.  weekends are notorious for people being off doing other things, rather than watching a ks or even pledging for a ks.  at this pace, we might get 1 or 2 more stretch goals.  was hoping for 1 more exciting thing besides the shamans.
whatever is chosen will not affect gameplay, but seer is closest to the myth in my book, and where's me steed driven chariot! ;-)
sorry. didn't realise that could comment in updates. slow progress on unlocking shamans, so i too have concerns that all 4 (or 5) will be unlocked. we need an add-on to throw money at :)
@brian - i'd not worry about it just yet. we all know that the reminders go out 48 hours before the end and that nearly all ks get a huge jump in the last 48 hours. worry about it at the last hour if we haven't hit it.
@thiago aranha to me sorcerer screams "spellcaster" in a fantasy setting. i would prefer shaman, druid, or mystic.
#shaman for what it's worth, the correct term is gothi. i would go with that because i think it's not a big deal if people didn't know the meaning right away, it's pretty clear that it's a priest/magician. though it is gendered - a priestess is gyoja
seeing a lot of seer suggestions. some mystic, sorcerer...  rune-seer also sounds interesting...
sorry was typing when direction were posted...
so, at this pace, we would need to hit $700k to unlock the shamans for all clans. now, while i am fairly confident we will hit that mark, is there a contingency plan if we don't? i think a lot of us would feel very disappointed if we had shamans for only three or four clans. again, this is a worst-case scenario, but i am curious.
#shaman hermit or recluse would work for me.  the art seems to fit thus far and somehow those words always seem imbued with some sort of mystical knowledge when used any any fantasy setting. i played a bbs game a (long) while back (exitilus i think it may have been called?) that used recluse as name/title of some sort of end game something and it seemed to work well.
well said @technoir that's seer in pop language ;-)
suggestions go in the comments area of the update everyone
yggdrasil rpg has volva as shaman... but it's going to get smutty comments for a similar word in common use :)
by odin's mighty beard, this is an awesome kickstarter! *plays some epic manowar tunes*
#shaman how about seiðr? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sei%c3%b0r
i like that the shamans are ancient wizened beings, makes em look awesome to me.
yes we got some shamans, even if we don't get any more we can use them as "monsters".
and why are all of the sorcerers ancient?
i also liked seer, but someone pointed out that a seer has a very specific ability to see the future.  shamans could be seers as well, but they have a lot of other abilities as well.
the sculpt spells seer all over it!
@all - put your suggestions in the update comments or they will be lost.
@donn i'll go back through all of the cmon projects and post it on each page. :p
seer!!! also i'm guessing the other 2 seer/shaman types with use the other 3 gods?
so, how does it work with 3 cards and 2 figures?  first come, first serve?  steal from another player?
#shaman i'm liking seer as well. that or mystic
# shaman seer
#shaman seer or farseer
awright by mjölnir - gimme them goats! ;-)
but +1 for going on with another name than shaman :)
@brad - you should do it in the update comments.
no surprise there.
#shaman seer
old lady shaman, ftw!!
there it is!
more shamans ?? *zzzzzz* for f..... sake gimme wulfie !
i wants it now, preciousssssss
it takes some time to update the page.
gogogogogogoogogoggoogoggogogogogogogogogogogo!!
i think that someone in cmom fell sleep!
less than $300 to go (for the cushion) to get the update!
so!,where are the shamans?
in ghostbusters, they basically made everything purchaseable.  most of the sgs were available and most of the contents of the base game we available.  so: - clan packs - monster packs - ship packs - god packs - clan token packs - plastic disc packs - card packs (duplicates for customization!) - shaman packs (once unlocked) - extra dice!!
@the collector yup an epic typo made earlier ;)
ding!
aannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnd we got it!!!!
@ub3r, 6 central time. i'm pretty confident we can do it though....especially seeing as i type this we almost have it now...
for all of us waiting your kingdom will come!
i would love to be able to buy more clan tokens. they just look so cool!
ass on packs... that has to be the typo of this ks : )
@morten, ass on packages?
+1 ass on packs
@thiago - we summon thee! come forth and brings us our next stretchgoal!! p.s.: and leave the buffer behind, it's weekend for odin's sake :p
extra viking and monster packs is something i'd go for, as existing models there's no new sculpts to do, just hope there's room in the base box for the extra lol
im all for "ass on packages" with extra mini's as we hunt down that big wolfie ;)
@brad - rofl, that was the best typo i've ever done.
@donn i agree i like their stance on not wanting to alienate people and not wanting to drive add-ons but something that can offer value to some of the backers and help the pledge to reach stretch goals would be nice
@ub3r_n3rd that's a different kind of game.
maybe some alt sculpts of the big monsters as an add on
add-on packs lol
selling extras as "ass-on packs" such as "monsters packs" and "vikings packs" would bring in a ton of money, especially from the miniature collectors/painters out there.
@marco - that's probably the best.  someone else suggested extras of the colored discs for marking miniatures.
what are some suggestions for driving up the pledge but to not alienate people from exclusives? selling extra miniatures?
gone.
eb available..
$500 to go, it's almost painful to watch lol
@cmon not sure if i'm butting in to far here, but on the story page for the ks, the optional buys are 'waaayy' down near the bottom of the page.  i've not backed a huge number of kickstarters, and i've missed a few addons in the past as i missed them on the base page.  should they be more prominent (a bit anyway) for newer pledgers to find?  may increase traffic a little?
come on!!!!
@cmon am i gonna pay another 64$ for shipping to greece like the pledge manager for rum & bones? i still cannot understand it. because if this is the case, you are not in line with the people that fund you. "shipment cost to eu 15-25$". not quite, not even close man...
less than $900 now, hoping for the 6th clan to boost it up and then immediately followed by a dragon.
1k to go and the goats are skidding in the snow, nidhog might be on the loose! ;-)
total has gone up by approx $1000 in the 30 minutes. less than $1000 to go.
east coaster here, but my workday ends in 4 hours :d
@brian - you must be a fellow east-coaster.
well, my workday ends in about five hours, and i am confidend we will reach $540k before then.
about $1200 away!
@snycher - when does your work day end?
hope we get this next goal before the end of my work day!
@justin ty mate, some how i feel better now that i do hear thunder in a distance. ;)
followed brian who leads the charge and upped with $30 for the 5th player expansion. couldn t hold out any longer, the game is good and when a 5th player arises he can rage with us.
the god of thunder arrived on thorsday, so he's still celebrating :p
i wouldn't be surprised at all to see the current pledge total double in the next 4 days. we're already well over where rum and bones was at this point and with almost 2000 more backers! i'm sure there will be a few more addons (and exclusives for the matter). the calm always comes before the storm and i hear the god of thunder in the distance!
i thin it's just people are getting used to month long marathons for games that offer a mountain of plastic by the end of it. imo that's not a healthy mindset and why i try to support small games and more indie stuff as well as big ones that interest me.
i think they'll have 1 or 2 more add-ons. 1) 6th clan and possibly 2) another ks exclusive.
i don't think they would put in exclusive as add-ons, and i don't think there will be any more add-ons and if there should be added a add-on i'm suspecting its not that big a thing that it will push things that much. this ks is going very well considering its a very short one.
i thinking this campaign needs some more add-ons and ks exclusives. seems dull tbh, and considering its coolmini. still loving how the game looks/feels. :d
only 2k i can certainly smell the goats now, but then again i might be high on  the ozone divine! ;-)
+1 brian
i just increased my pledge to include the 5th player expansion. i still feel it is overpriced by at least $5, but since i lucked into an eb pledge, it helps to make up for it. i have done my part to help get us the shaman. :-)
i know that tolkien paid homage to a lot of norse mythology.
friday afternoon my place
in the first age
(#off topic. i suppose the big wolf thingy that ate one of the silmarils was tolkien paying homage to fenris? wasn't sauron in the first also a big bad wolf or was he the giant bat?)
not all of us can live in the future!
slackers! ;^)
friday morning here, gp :p
something to tip the 'scales'?  *cough*nidhogg*cough*
friday evening... the final weekend! time for an add-on, says i.
cmon guys!!!! only 2k...i want this shaman and the rules
nice, less than $3k to unlock the awesome shaman!
@brian romano if you do not paint them you are right about that. but even without time for painting them its very fast to prime them in different colors. i will do it for sure if i have not the time painting them.
@thomas for people who plan to paint the minis, i agree the clan bases are totally optional, as long as each clan has a distinctive colour scheme. however, for folks like me, the bases are crucial to play the game. there is no way i will recognize each different sculpt at a glance from across the table, and i assume other gamers with aging eyes will feel even more strongly.
4 days to go, please kick this thing into high gear before the weekend starts
@donnbobhardy yes, but if you paint them right you can have the same effect without the colored base.
@thomas - it'll make them stand out better.
you need to use the colored bases only for the neutral miniatures or not? for the miniatures of you own fraction its optional in my eyes.
@jason hopefully these won't be quite as tight. i don't plan to constantly remove them, but it would be nice to be able to do it without risking damage to the miniatures.
i found them to be fairly difficult to get off even prior to my painting them... i don't like pulling on the mini's. i think the small amount of extra paint did make the issue slightly worse. i guess what i'm saying is... i would not suggest adding/removing them a lot or you'll risk damaging the mini's.
right, but i probably won't be painting my minis, and i would wager at least half of the backers won't either. i am sure some people might like to try using these for miniatures games as well, in which case having a full extra set could be very cool. it would let you have up to 22 small base and 4 large base per side. if cmon is listening, and they do decide to offer this, please include doubles for all five factions, including the ram clan! thank you.
bets on which shaman is next?  i'm hoping for the raven clan.
if the bases are the same as the ones in aq, they are pretty durable but they are a bit too tight for my liking (possibly due to the fact that i painted my minis). we do not use the bases for aq but it's easy to tell who is who when the mini's are painted.
@brian, i can agree, i think a request for additional bases is reasonable and would be appealing for those who want to keep their game in good condition.  that said, i haven't seen anything regarding the bases in particular to show whether the bases are prone to breaking or are really tough, but losing them would be a real pain if a person isn't the type to glue/magnet them on. does anyone else have an opinion?
@the schwartz - fortunately, due to my lacking a sense of smell and having a firm grip on reality, i can smell no goats.
only 3k can you smell the goats even more and feel the ozone divine! ;-)
@creator is there any chance we could see an add-on for an additional set of coloured bases? it wouldn't be very expensive and i could see a few benefits. first, it wouldn't royally screw someone who loses one of his bases. second, it would give more flexibility for people who want to create their own variants, like perhaps using two clans together in a team. if you made it relatively affordable, i bet a good number of people would add them. thank you.
@jorge ya i wouldn't want to see jörmungandr show up if i was in one of those ships :)
all the monsters are cool. i just really like the look of the troll. just looks really trolly:)
@jeremy if a players picked a shaman it means they they left something else as powerful to be drafted by the next player.
i think the sea serpent (jörmungandr) will look quite imposing with the tiny viking ships all around it.  :-)
@jeremy what @sir chaos said.  i think it will work better in the age decks instead of a separate deck because with it mixed in it makes the player make hard decisions on if they want a shaman or not.
i think that's the part that worries me.  what if 3 people get the card for the shaman, but one does not.  they seem pretty strong.
@jeremy - there is a reference card that is in no deck.  and there are clan upgrades that would be shuffled into the age decks.
@jeremy they're clan enhancements added into the age decks. each enhancement adds a shaman to your reserves (up to a max of 2 shamans i believe, although you can have more enhancements on them if you get them) and applies the enhancement to all your shamans
my favourite clan is the bear clan.. and for the monsters the frost giant and the fire giant..
so do you think the shaman will work best as a separate deck, shuffling and handing 1 to each player or would they be better off left in the age decks.  i didn't see the ruling on how they work completely.
@popenx for monsters i've gotta say that i'm fairly enthralled with that fire giant. the troll is definitely a close runner-up though.
@sir chaos yup the shamans are looking good.  as for monster i like the troll.
@jorge ya extra wolf warrior is pretty sweet
@popenx my eye's on the raven and wolf clans thus far. excited to see what their shamans will look like. the serpent one is amazing, i can only imagine how the others will be.
the extra wolf clan worrier is my favorite.  it'll be a joy to paint.  +1 to a second video.
is there any more gameplay videos besides the coolminiornot one?
i'd like a bigger gameboard as well .. it seems so small with 4-5 players!! :s
the ram clan is my favorite :)
find us 40 more people and we have this goal!
@thomas keep the hope alive. (though a 7 player version may be sol)
still waiting for a 6/7 player addon with new gameboard... :-)
i can see both sides of this, i think its ok to have some sg that apply to only certain levels say a 3 tiered system here.  tier 1 gets no sgs, tier 2 gets some goals and tier 3 gets all goals.  this creates the bare bones, basic, and deluxe model.  this works when the pledge levels are not have drastic gaps in price.
back to the game at hand. what's your favorite clan? based on minis as there doesn't seem to be anything else different about them. i like raven. wait has this been discussed before?
@jeremy bedwell  well in a case of a card game there is really no excuse i guess you right!
@jeremy bedwell i guess way more people choose the pledge with sg than those who only pledge for the basic game..so there are people who can't afford or don't want anything besides the basic game and as a ks creator you don't wanna miss out there help to get your ks founded
and to clarify, the game in question isn't a minis game.  it was a card game... so the manufacturing costs of the cards for the sgs are minuscule at best.  sorry, ending my rant now lol.
i think it's just poor management by kickstarters that do that. i'm glad this one is not like that. hopefully i can stay in it:/
if you are going to include them why not let them benifit from the sg?
@captain matt - sounds about right. it's. once again. a matter of will (or lack thereof).
@captain matt: but it's not that way around.  the lowest pledge is the game.  beyond that, you get silly things for exponentially higher dollar amounts... only to get access to certain sgs.  it seems like a bad ploy to get more money out of backers.  (no, i am not talking about this ks in case anyone comes in late and only reads this comment :p )
@jeremy +1
@jeremy think of it the other way around.  some people would like to put money in but are unable to get the "preferred" level so the creator made a "basic" level to include them.
only 4k can you smell the goats and feel the thunder! ;-)
@efty it would mean that ks is acknowledging that they are more than crowdfunding.  there are now services that creators can use to do the post campaign management.  so ks would either have to develop that themselves or buy one of those smaller companies.  takes the money away from the money forts ks employees make.
kind of off topic here, but am i the only one that finds it off putting when a ks requires you to buy the highest pledge to get access to all of the stretch goals?  to me, that's like them saying my money isn't as good as someone else's because i didn't spend 30 more dollars on the crap extras.  i've found as soon as i see that style on a ks, i just leave the page and never go back.
@alex why not have both?
i much prefer a post-ks pledge manager to any fantasy 'specify add ons at time you add funds' system. gives me more flexibility all roads round.
@gazgolin does it come with a face of conan on it? ... if so, i'll buy one. lolll!!!
@gazgoblin yes very viking-like. almost too real:)
@daniel desmarais 1000 dollars? that's 1/10th of an apple watch there! :d
@efty  prepainted too! :d
@joseph hammel agreed!
@gazgoblin i see what you did there... :)
@joseph i think ks needs to add the edit button to comments first.
i don't disagree with that. but seriously, i should be able to select all that stuff when i make my pledge or manage it.
@efty i'll get 3 kings pledges, all the expansions, all the add-ons (with some in 3x), and i come to a total of $1003 without shipping. thats crazy i know... but hey, i've been a conan fan since the 80s and that the best conan game that came up by far in all those years. :-)
@joseph hammel yes! but people should read the faqs or through some comments when they are new to kickstarter. lazy bastards :-).
so i know cmon is trying to not overdo it on the add-ons, which i appreciate, but ... i wouldn't complain about one more option.
eric lang's midgard had better minis tbh :d https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/23985/midgard
they'll send you a survey later. kickstarter really needs to upgrade how it handles add-ons.
@javier marquina later in the pledgemanager.
i have added 30$ to my pledge because i want the 5th player add-on. how do i select it?
haha too bad i didn't think of that earlier. now i can't afford to move:)
@rasmusnalle same here! those sculpts are great!
the moral of the story is: don't live in canada, k kids?
@efty i guess he did ;-). i did the same. i always buy multiple copies if i pledge for a tabletop game at ks.
and that $140 is before shipping
looking at the exchange rate right now this game is going to cost me about $140 cad which means i might need to pull my pedge. i didn't think it was going to be so bad. man why did the rate have to drop so much right as i start backing games on ks?
@daniel desmarais a thousand bucks? i've bought almost everything (just passed on a few non-essential add-ons) and my total was $340. how many copies did you get, man?
@daniel desmarais do not remind me of conan^^. too much money travled from me to them^^. but hey! money is never lost ist just somwhere else ;-).
@thomas yes, you are lucky indeed. my most recent horror story... conan. i've pledged on the kings pledge at $135... my cc bill (i've looked at it) was $175.64 can. but monolith will win at the end because i intend to spend nearly $1000 on the game when the pm comes out. at least the money will goes to monolith, not to the sharks. :)
fenriiiiiis & nidhog are kissing in a tree ;) ?
just added the ram clan to my pledge eventhough never gonna play with 5. i just want the alternate sculpts, ram clan figs and ofc the tokens. crazy, maybe, but i'm loving it. :d
f-e-n-r-i-s!!!!!!!!!!! please say it's so! ofc i don't mean the fenriswolf, but rather the no-name giant monstrous slavering wolf monster ;-)
@thiago : do we need 40k$ for each clan's shamans ? if yes, it means 540k for 1st, next 580, 620, 660 and 700k for the 5th ? i've some doubts about this amount ... maybe 2 types of shamans is enough ...
@godfather punk it would be so cool if we could pay with bitcoins at kickstarter!
@thiago fenris!!! nidhogg!!!
@thomas winkler - well, the eu hasn't been performing that stellar over the past year either. luckily we do have some banking regulations that limit the amount of banking horror stories i sometimes hear from across the atlantic.
@daniel desmarais  holy crap. i did not know about that. lucky me living in germany.
only 5k can you smell the goats and feel the thunder! ;-)
@punk yes me goat will be revived! ;-)
@thiago you still have chance to redeem yourself!
@pawel: oh, dang. i have failed my mission.....   :-p
@thiago there was so many random mentions of viking and mythological creatures (from goats to dragons) that your clue wasn't helpful at all... :p
fenriiiis!!! (eating a goat)
@rudolfo da fonseca: we sure do. i can say that it's something the backers have already mentioned a few times....
@thiago do you guys have further rewards organised beyond the shaman for each clan? can you give us any clues?
@noitamies: yes, the alternate sculpt monster figures are exclusive for those who buy the 5th player expansion during the ks, and will not be available through retail later.
all noticed that if you buy 5th player expansion now, it will give kickstarter exclusives, but not later?
@zeetro: yep, no problems there.
@zeetro yep.
@cmon: i know there will be a pledge manager but will we be able to pay additional fund and add optional buys in the pledge manager after the campaign ends? i ask because i might want the add ons later but i may not have the money for anything but the pledge at the end of this.
... yes it sucks with the usd going up guess its thanx obama ;)
@thomas another example, last spring when the can $ was higher, i've backed fief for $140. i've put it all on my cc, and ended up paying $175. the us $ was about 9-11% higher than the can $ at the time.
@thomas i'm in canada and these days the exchange rate with the us $ is about 25-28%. and to add to it, here in canada, the cc companies charge you added fees to exhange the money, not only the exchange rate. i call them sharks. and there is no law that forbid them to do what they want. even when the can $ was higher than the us $, i ended up paying more for each $ instead of paying less. thats crazy but true.
@francisco just add more money to you pledge. later in the pledgemanager you will have this money as a voucher.
a question, we can include in the pledge the shipping costs to raise the amount pledged and unlock sg?
the timing of the r&b pledge manager hasn't fell kindly for me! my blood rage pledge may be a casualty of it :/ hoping for some awesome reveals before the end of the project to help convince me to stay here bit right now it's not looking good :/
@arnaud did you say stretch goats?! ;-)
rollin' rollin' rollin' keep them doggies rollin' goathide! ;-)
it's just that in the past you had pledge levels per region, with shipping included. so the shipping money helped raise teh total pledge amount. i get how this could be negative for the company running the ks. ...but i just want to see us reach some more stretch goals!!!! :-d
@daniel.. well that´s not the case for me.. the exhange rate i get from using a cc is better than what i would get in a bank.
@daniel desmarais  i do not understand your example. let's say the exchange from € to $ is 1:1.  for $100 pledge of rum & bones you have to pay 100€. credit card will charge about 2% so you will end up with 102€ and not 140€.
right now with the high value of the us $, its pretty bad to be a non-us backer and having to use your credit card. the cc companies will charge you enormous fees for transfering your currency in us $. so, for now, i only pledge the min. amount and will add all the other stuff in the pm. that way i will be allowed to use paypal and since my pp account in already in us $ because of my online business, i will save a lot. its bad for the ks but smarter for my finances. a rough example, rum & bones cost me almost $140 for the initial $100 on my cc bill and i've $400 us on this ks. so, if i had pledged $400 in the ks period, it would have cost me $160 more. if you take off the true exchange rate, which obviously i'm willing to pay, i still saved about $75 in cc fees. its a thing to think about.
6k he he ;-)
only &k can you smell the goats and feel the thunder! ;-)
@itamar parann  i would like to see more exclusive stuff either! but this is not a usual cmon ks. this game does not need unlimited amout of miniatures and addons. it is still a very good value you are getting for your money. and if you think about reselling you will make profit because in the end you have two addons for free + a few exclusive miniatures.
i never think of shipping - it is the price of having what i want. my prob is with the product. already cut my pledge to about half, ordering only one copy of everything , since i am very disappointed with the low number of kick starter exclusive material.
i always include shipping costs in my pledge. yes, it's bad for cmon but you have to think out of the box. when the pledgemanger is open there will be late pledgers plus many people will raise their peldge. for all this extra money we will see no further sgs = extra costs for cmom.
just to give an example, i'm in the us with an eb slot and the book and 5th clan so my pledge is $125. if i added $10 to be pledge to cover shipping it would make it $135. now when the ks ended and the shipping fees decided i would then be charged $145. the shipping would be in top of my pledge though i had already increased it in my mind to cover it already. that's my experiences at least
@arnaud, actually technically no, i don't think that'll work. typically once the ks closes when it goes to actually charge you if shipping was not automatically built it which in this case it wasnt then it's added when you're charged. you end up spending what you pledged plus now shipping fees.
technically, yes. but 10% of that extra pledge money would go to ks as their fee, so you'd end up paying more for shipping in the end... (or cmon would have to pay more)
if we all include some dolars for the shipping estimate, wouldn't that raise the total pledge amount dramaticaly? (thus unlocking more stretch goals...) i pledged a standard 75$ (like most backers i guess) but shipping to the eu is 10 to 25$. so if i'd raise my pledge to lets say 90$ could i use the overpledge for the shipping afterwards? if yes, then all backers should already add shipping to there pledge... making 6000backers x 10 or 15$= 60 to 90k$ extra! should unlock us 2 new goals!!
@monsieurkaze. no, they will all be i'm grey plastic. the yellow minis are just the masters
finally, been on this project from day one but missed one of those eb slots, and finally snagged one after days of trying. i'm content now.
will the final viking minis be in kind of a yellow plastic as on the screenshots in this ks or gray as on their fb page? thanks for the answer ;)
nein.
@thomas braeuer: wohl wahr, hab arcadia quest über ebay zusammengekauft,, daß ist heftig. @thomas winkler: klingt mehr als fair mit zombicide 3. heist jeder in deutschland eigentlich thomas ;-)
perfect, thank you guys
just add the 30$ to the amount pledged. so 105$ for the game + 5 player expansion
just add the $30 and you can assign the funds later in the pledge manager.
@jan kuhlmann  add $30 to your pledgeamount and you are fine. and add another $25 for the artbook ^^.
so how do i add the 5th play expansion to my pledge? if i go to 'manage pledge' i cant seem to find any option?! do i just add the $30 or do i have to wait after the project is funded? thanks in advance
@thomas braeuer hoffen wir mal das das paket heile und vollständig ankommt. zumindest ist der weg von hamburg nach bremen sehr kurz. :-)
about $8k to go!
@thomas winkler ...und $150 sind von mir. bin echt froh, dass ich jetzt nicht die ebay-preise bezahlen muss...
@thomas nedbal zombicide season 3 war noch krasser. um die $16 porto für eine $950 bestellung :-).
i can definitely feel some of ya'll here. my wife is screaming at me!! conan 300$ ghostbusters 331$ and now 2 copy's of this with 2x add ons. but i would like this to get better tracksion like the other cmon ks's exspansions go!!
kickstarters over 250$ are way over my league... and even then i pledge part in campaign and part in pledge manager :(
nice mr winkler! +1 neonjuggler
@thomas winkler war gestern auch sehr erfreut über die 10,69$ :-) kann die lieferun kaum erwarten ;-)
@steve "my-bank-account-is-hurting" phy about rum and bones:  $10.69 shipping for a order of $430 :-).
'and now it's your turn!' death said in a voice like two tombstones slamming together. terry looked around, somewhat, but not entirely surprised. 'who would have thought...', he mumbled. 'yes, who indeed. are you ready?' 'i rather think i am, what with my illness and all, some fresh air will do me a world of good.' 'i fear we may have passed beyond such things as air. however...' death pointed to an empty spot. where there was emptiness before, now the faint outlines of a horse appeared. 'if you'll ride with me, i'm sure we can find a quill, some vellum and a quiet place. there's rather a lot of quiet places where we're going.' binky winnied as death mounted. the reaper extended a bony hand. 'suits me perfectly.' terry grinned as he mounted behind death. 'would it be inapproprate if i hold on to your ribcage? i'm not too fond of heights, you know?' 'go ahead, the comfort of the client is of utmost importance in a service industry.' 'giddyup, my steed' at a leisurely trot, they rode off in the sunset together.
biofrost, i am hoping for the same. a really cool add-on and a monster stretch goal for the last 48 hours. that could be cool. after all if we are 6000+ backers and half add a 25 usd add-on, that is 75000 usd.
thinking about getting a second copy and build myself a saga warband (finally). don't do historical accuracy, i just do awesome. =p (my r&b shipping is rounded up $22. :) )
yeah, i was able to pick up everything, minus 2 sets of dice, for that amount. that was my first kick starter. did conan and this for board games, so i've just gotten a glimpse.
i got you beat with $40 shipping for rum and bones (no, i know, it is not a contest). upside - i must have counted wrong when backing, since my pledge covered everything i needed and shipping and still i had a little left for extra dice and such. :)
@pressureman i like the shamans as well and if we reach them all i ll be a happy camper.  but then the rest of the campaign will be rather predictable......unless it blows up in the last 2 days ;-) i m rooting for cmon to give us a strecth goal with a wowww factor to go out with an bang!
everytime i check this thread, all i see is goats.
i will have to start looking for a job in eeuu, if i want more games
just gave that serpent shaman another look.. the snake twisting around the staff is just a great detail...
@steve i only peeked for rum and bones so far. shipping for europe (at least for part i live in) allmost doubles yours at 29$ :(
on a completely side note, just did my pledge manager for rum and bones - $385.00 for product and $15.35 for shipping. that's pretty awesome! i think they can ship from a number of different sites to keep those shipping costs down. not that this has been an issue, but shipping for this should almost be next to nothing. yes, i do live in the states, so i know it would be low. that just counters the difference for getting things from europe. ;)
yep by mjölinr that's right! i can make comments without mentioning the goat steeds of thor's chariot, but i miss me goats ;-)
less than 10k to go!
seems like almost half of us have pledged > 100 bucks. i hate to whine at the cmon guys, but it seems like they're only getting money from new backers, at a rather steady rate. i imagine a paid add-on would be very cost effective if their goal is a higher total.
i agree pressureman that would have been pretty cool. i just can't imagine what role it would fill. since the shamen are for each clan an extra would be odd except as as an alt sculpt. better yet if they gave us an seer-like figure such as the oracle mimir, which if chosen as your clans shaman instead of the other 2, you have the power to look at another players hand/card(s) or something, as a sg. along with the add-on 12 shaman box.
i rather like the shaman goals.  they expand gameplay and give us new minis at the same time.  personally, i would have loved us to get a ks-exclusive shaman as a sg, followed by an add-on pack with the clan-specific ones.  but i'm sure that many others would have moaned about that :)
by mjölnir and nobby nobbs! why didn't i get me goat driven chariot after midnight! ;-)
the game is great, the miniatures are awesome but the campaign is rather dull. there are just 4 more days to go probably filled with shaman stretch goals.
ub3r, thanks for sharing. looking awesome - i need an extra game for this awesome quality just to have the figures. you are sure these a production quality?
think we'll get a beta ray bill alternative figure for thor? ;)
@decklin - check out their facebook posts and pictures. here's some of the plastic figures so you will see the awesome details in this material: https://www.facebook.com/bloodragegame/posts/779201058823267
still hitting $20k+ per day.  should hit the shamans in about 12 hours.  then, we'll find out where we're going next.
@mike & steve thanks for the feedback.
@decklin rivers no. but i have faith that they will look very good when they make them. cmon has a reputation.
to the best of my knowledge and those of the comments section, the figures seen on ks are production figures, not final game pieces. they might lose a little detail, but not much. many have stated that previous cmon games have had similar results with quality, which were very good.
new backer here.  sorry i know this must have been covered below in 5,000+ comments but just wanted to say this game looks like a good deal just for minis alone.  will minis in the final version be as detailed as the ones shown here?
@steve: +infinity
yeah i'd like to see another playthrough
topic: i know this has been mentioned, but another game-play video would be a nice update. with different strategies played.
ya i was sitting there for a while after my comment and i thought my phone wasn't updating or something. but ya we need something else like a look at the next sg or some kind of update.
yeah i got nothing left to talk about... and don't get me wrong, i'm psyched for this game, probably more than most, but until i see boars or more shaman, i'm all tapped out.
i'm guessing that we've hit a critical point of debates that have been debated, ideas that have been discussed in a through manner and enough silly ideas to get us through the evening/morning.
i was wondering about that donn. all's quite on the comments section..., creepy.
@godfather punk - yes they do most of the cmon games. jogando offline, i agree i love their videos
none for me either haha
am i glitching, or has there really been no comments in 2 hours?
under 15k left and then maybe we can find out whats up.
@agreave, i forgot mr odwin and his crisp white sheets.
it's nice to have a like-minded community!
i summon the power of odin to get the numbers to rise!!!! rise!!!!!!
oh, twoflowers, greebo, all the many ay usu. so many good characters! the man was a genius in his own bathtime!! :)
@agreave, no worries, same here with "binge"
@peter wrigley, sorry auto correct!
@peter wriggly, oh yes i forgot them! heh, all good! :)
@agreve, foul old ron and mr teatime
hey over 6k backers awesome!
@peter wrigley, cut-me-own-throat dibbler. or gaspode!
was this (demo video) the same group that did the arcadia quest demo? because that one sold me on the game.
@pawel@agreaves thanks for the info i'll have to check it out. this is pretty cool guys.  no one i know even know terry pratchett if it wasn't for me mentioning it. so dispite the bad news this has been great. i guess that's thanks to sir pratchett.
aw, i didn't realize he'd died today. now i'm all bummed out.
@ mikademus. i agree. it's heart is in the right place but it was a little tough to get through.
. @papanx - yes the a-m boardgame is fun, but it helps to get the flavour of the action cards if you're a bit versed in the novels.
@popenx, already done, go to arcane miniatures.co.uk and go to 'discworld' not the best company but.........
and mr saveloy.
wow, almost 6k backers, very cool.
@popenx check micro art studio. they make official discworld miniatures based on kirbys art. as for discworld gamed ankh-morpork is really good worker placement in my oppinion.
love 'mad hamish'! lol. :)
ahem, "ninge"
@kevin nope but its on my list:) has anyone ever played the discworld board games? i haven't heard good things. a ks for discworld minis would be phenomenal!  just a thought cmon.
@kevin, "give us your best binge".
@kevin, yep excellent and the 'silver horde' are a hoot! :)
rip terry. favourite author, jingo is my pick.
has anyone read interesting times? sort of terry pratchett's take on king conan, but rincewind is along.
sorry to break the terry pratchett conversation, but a question to the devs: is it possible for you to make another gameplay video? the current one is not only over-long, it is actually painful to watch and not very informative. it is of course good to be enthusiastic but i'd go as far as to say the current video is actually turning backers away.
stratos is definitely worth a read.
@popenx, i believe stratos inspired terry pratchett's later work in discworld.
@daniel&@popenx +1
nanny ogg would be better! heh.
my favorite has to be feet of clay. i'd love a shaman version of granny weatherwax.
@daniel great idea or a mini of death. not trying to be disrespectful or anything. death is a great discworld character.
@jamie that's cool. got a few missing from mine. i found a pre discworld book called stratos (i think). haven't read it yet but now i will
a skald mini as sir terry pratchett to be remembered? i had to ask for it...
@jamie guards guards is magnificent ;-)
@punk never got to read 'last hero', will have to get it...
guards guards was my first, impulse purchase based on the cover.  so glad i did, got an almost complete collection.  thankfully books were cheaper than my miniature collecting!
carpe jugulum was my second. after that i started getting them in order from the begining. i loved thief of time. i haven't read them all, but ya i'm totally going to read them all now.
i'm going to dig up 'last hero' which i think is the most viking-themed of his books, with valkyries and all. "for the horde!"
@paulo - maybe he was on vacation and mort will send him on one last adventure.
@riftsinger - wah? terry pratchett died? (>ლ) that really is a loss. witches abroad was my first. i just gave it to my daughter to read last night. got a shelf full of his books.
so death got his way in the end. rip terry prattchet. the world of books will wake up a little poorer.
color of magic here... so good times... may he rest in peace
just found carpe jugulum and maskerade both unread, which i forgot that i had. unfortunately all my pratchett books where given to a friend once i had read them. looking forward to the read :-)
@popenx, this phone aargh! typos!
@poenx, i think i will too, as a tribute of sorts :(
color of magic.... sounds like an acid trip to me... "dude, the colors....of magic...woah...."
ya they are all so good.colour of magic..man....i think im going to start from the beginning again.
load=loud! bloody phone!
colour of magic for me! how i laughed, out load!
can you please give us the option to purchase 3 more 3d doom tokens so we can use them for the map too?
the first one i read was small gods. that got me hooked.
a big loss, the world has gotten poorer as of today, may he rest in peace...
@riftsinger i second that. sir terry pratchett was my favorite author. i've read a lot of his work and plan now to get and read everything i can get my hands on.
@riftsinger +1, sad loss.
rip terry pratchett thanks for all the happy hours reading books. please if you have read any of his novels take a second to recall the fun ......
@ravenwing - coralline wants the monsters only as an add-on pack rather than having to buy the whole game.
coraline, instead of buying an extra pack of monsters for 30-40 usd, you might as well buy a whole extra game for 75 and get double of all stretch goals and game figures. that is what i am doing.
too be fair though a pretty awesome ks, as its short and only (up to now) two add ons-yet still over 520k
i normally try to buy anything exclusive and then if i have money left over i'll add on the other items. sometimes i'll wait until the pledge manager, but if i can't afford everything (due to my kickstarter obsession), i will wait until retail to pick up the rest.
@brad - very true. that's always a nice option to have.
i think the way to not raise optional buys so much is quite gently. maybe new packers come also easier this way.
@coralline you can always pick up the non-exclusives at a later date though.
i'm at 130 here, anticipating 6th clan. figure it'll be 150 after shipping
@brad - true, but to get all of the rum & bones minis you had to add $205 to the basic game pledge. that's without the dice, extra monsters or coins.
@coralline - exactly!
they should let backers buy extra sets of the giants, trolls and sea serpent. a monster pack. it wouldn't be necessary, or even useful, for the game so normal players could skip it and not loose out on anything. they would be optional extra figures for the rpg players. it wouldn't cost the board game backers anything but it would pull in backers who need more cool monsters for their other games. if they wanted to prevent ebay scalpers from hocking them, don't put the cards in the pack.
i'm still liking my $100 pledge here.  and hoping it can stay that way.  bring on the add-ons for duplicates of existing miniatures!
@donn $220 for those of us with ebs. :p
anything under $250 would be astounding! :)
@brad - $130 on top of your base pledge?  so $230?
i'd be stoked to get out of this one for less than $150 (with some paid add-ons).
@ross,  i'm sooooooooooooooo okay with only spending $105 so far. with mega man running me 145 and ghosbusters at 163...it's nice to have something a little cheaper.
@ross - actually $130 to be able to get all exclusives, the paid add-on of the art book is an exclusive as well. :p
@ross to get all of the exclusives on r&b, it was only $130.
re: exclusives & r&b: that was also around $300 to get all of those exclusives.  right now the max pledge is $105...so keep that in mind. after conan, fireteam zero, rum and bones, and dragon tides, i'm fine with a slightly less-painful pledge max. ;)
maybe they could do the next few as groups even? bear with raven and ram with wolf.
@bruce - we'll get all of the shamans for sure.  hitting another $200k during the final 48 hour will be easy.  it's just that the sooner we can get them, the sooner we move on to nidhogg.
@don i hope so. i'd be kinda crushed if we dont get this all in.
well, we did $35k, $35k, $30k on the gods.  maybe we'll go $40k, $40k, $20k on the shamans?
@bruce - i agree. cmon is going to have to shake things up a bit to get the motor running faster for the last 5 days.
we need a huge fig for stretch goal
i'm kinda worried we won't get all the shaman.. 20k a day for 40k sg ain't gonna cut it
@schwartz, much as i love ancient poetry and sagas i might have to await the coles notes version
@schwartz, a ram is a sheep-a 'tup' or 'billy' is a male goat ;)
we have good set already, but shamans would have came all in one.
oh, just got pm for rum&bones, postage not as bad as expected, phew! :)
you could read the poetic and prose edda too @neil :-)
truly amazing how wikipedia turns everyone into an expert
excuse my spelling on this small modernistic device, by mjölnir the runes are hard to hit ;-)
less than 20k snd the seer is ours! ;-)
nope know the myth, but calling them the kebab on a hoof is taking the sacred goats names on vain. you must repent! ;-)
@the schwartz - are you unfamiliar with the myth?  thor eats the goats every day and they come back to life the next morning.  at one point, a dinner guest cracked a bone to suck out the marrow and left the poor goat lame when it rejuvenated.
but the pledges are still comin in and sgs are still being met and we're over half a million in 10 days! that's amazing! for the glory!
@donnbobhardy and @agreave you are outright heretics i will have to send the clan of the righteous ram to whup yer ass! ;-)
we must have worn thiago out during the last few campaigns.  poor guy can barely summon the energy to come join the comments.
these stretch goals do feel very thin. like they're giving us a sandwich one bite at a time. i want the whole thing at once! i'd feel alot safer if the sg expansions were offered as a full package even if the pledge limit was raised quite a bit. it sure would look alot more appetizing to someone on the fence about backing to help push towards them.
@schwartz, heh lol, do like kebabs ;)
@the schwartz - not sure he can insult the goats by calling them kebab on a hoof, since thor eats them every day.
@donnbobhardy, i know right?  after seeing the actual artist renderings, especially of the fire giant, how can we not!?
by mjölnir do not insult the holy goats of thor! @agreave ;-)
oh a dragon-yes please! kebab on the hoof, no thanks :)
come on @donnbobhardy, me goats are just not finished yet, but i agree that níðhöggr that drinks the blood of corpses and eats at the roots of ygdrasil is a good idea ;-)
a dragon would be pretty epic.
@deathwarden - if they added warpaint, i might have to go for it.  i'd love to see those giants painted up.
@ub3r - you don't have to convince me.  i'm happy with what we have so far.  although i do really want a dragon.  i want a dragon more than the schwartz wants his goats.  and yes, that's really saying something!
closing in on the 20k limit ladies and gentlemen :-)
war paint!  let's kick this campaign in to high gear!
nice one @ub3r_n3rd, hope it will be goats, but what am i saying, they will be a part of the yet unfinished thor of course! ;-)
@ub3r, alt sculpt exclusives are not really exclusives in my book! and guillotine are an excellent company but regrettably mcvey is tarnished with the sad mess that was sedition wars so hmmmmmm :)
so even if you don't "count the tokens" we have 6 "good" exclusives in 10 days. so taking that out a bit further we're likely to see 9 or more "good" exclusives in the 15 days. if it was a 30 day, it may have jumped up to 18+ and still been on par with the other games.
notice how the pose is similar to the yet unfinished thor: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:thor_by_johannes_gehrts.jpg repent, repent! and bring on me goats! ;-)
@ub3r - guillotine games was also who did zombicide.  i'm not sure people are really counting the tokens, so that puts as at only 6 ks exclusive minis.
to add on to my previous thought - this seems like it's going a good clip with exclusives being added on at the same progression (time frame) as the others that are already done.
#ub3r good point.
all in all i think we get good value for this one. but where's tanngrisnir and tanngnjóstr me goats - me goats! ;-) http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tanngrisnir_and_tanngnjóstr
@simona - so we are at 11 in a 15 day project. weren't the others 30 day projects? this is nearly half of what zombicide did for exclusives, in 30% of the time with 5 days to go.
#donnbobhardy i agree that the partial sg is not helping. if they would at least show all the associated sg at once it might get this going a bit.
@ub3r zombicide 23 unique ks exclusive minis (including add ons); rum and bones 33; arcadia quest 27...
so let me then ask this question: does it matter who cmon is collaborating with? like this isn't just cmon doing this, this is a partnership with studios mcvey and guillotine games. wouldn't that factor into this kickstarter and the add-ons, exclusives, etc that they bring to the table?
@ub3r - cmon usually does a lot of exclusives.  there is usually more exclusive content than there is retail content.  i think this one has a nice amount, although i'm not all that excited by the tokens.  those could have been an add-on as far as i'm concerned.
@ub3r, i've only backed 2 other cmon projects by i have about 6 of their games and looked at past ks they've done. if you need a good example, look at rum & bones or zombicide. soooo many ks exclusives.
i've never backed a cmon collaborated project, but this one has 11 kickstarter exclusives (some are or part of the 2 paid add-ons) so far (with 5 days left to go), but to me that's quite a few exclusives. am i wrong? i've backed well over 20 projects and usually don't see more than 2-3 "ks exclusives" in each.
@renato lule, so that 'rushed' feeling could be that! well that explains a bit. but guillotine are a class act so why would they be a 'whipping boy' for cmon? :)
absolutely love the minis! now would be a perfect time for a video describing the mechanics of the gods and shaman minis. while i've seen the gameplay video, i have to admit i'm not entirely certain of the effect the gods and shamans will have on the dynamics of the game.  also i wouldn't mind not having shamans available for all clans. perhaps players would have to make a choice between different strategies if different options were available depending on the cards drafted. there's still a viking stereotype we're missing, isn't there? beserkers, anyone?
@donn, me too-the what if........is just hanging there! :)
@donn for me it's exactly the same. plus this campaign is kind of weird also because of the "lack" of ks exclusives which i always connect with cmon games. i would like some more big monsters and i hope that at the last 48 hours, we look at ratatosk, fenrir and maybe some kind of a dragon :-) but mostly fenrir and ratatosk :-)
@agreave, it is but when blood rage was first announced, lots of people assumed the others would be out first. it seems like this one kind of caught people off guard.
i really only want 1 miniature from here (well 2 - one of each of the raven clan)
@renato lule, that is still coming is it not? this is my last ks for awhile as terminator is coming soon to retail.
i think this one is a fantastic campaign so far, it's 15 days long and already over $500k. a resounding success as is, but with 5 days left it will just keep getting better and keep going up as people decide to join the fun. not flat at all to me, actually a breath of fresh air where they aren't trying to nickle and dime us to death with a ton of paid add-ons. they've said it'll be very add-on light, and that makes my wallet happier too.
i think part of the problem with this campaign is that we are getting partial sgs.  i think they are playable alone, but it is very clear that each god and shaman is part of an expansion, which always causes the dread (in me, at least) of "what if we don't get the full expansion?"  hopefully, we'll finish the shamans and move on to a bunch of monsters for the final 48.
@agreave, it could be because a lot of people were expecting the others to be the next cmon ks coming up.
@donn, sorry english euphemism for impromptu! :)
@agreave - what do you mean by knee jerk?
i backed conan and i did take some add ons (may take more) but the whole campaign felt more structured, this feels knee jerk and i don't know why? i backed rum&bones-add on city!-and loved it-so why does this feel so..... well flat?
there 3 exclusive sculpts with the 5th player expansion.  not big monters, but something. but ya some more big ones would be cool.
personally i have enjoyed every cmon game i've gotten and am quite pleased with what we've had revealed to date, though i would like to see a few more ks exclusive monsters come one way or the other before the end of this campaign.  i would love to see one or two bigger ones as well, it feels necessary as there really isn't much in the way of the typical cmon wow factor yet.  of those ks exclusives at this very moment seeing we only have three monsters not included in the core retail release and while the exclusive tokens are nice, just don't topple some amazing big monster miniatures to me personally.
@the schwartz ya the price is great. i didn't have the money to get into conan or many others. so many games have so many eexpansions and such and thats great, but costly. i think there is more to it than what we are seeing. with the vid we only saw a few strategies play out.
goats are good for kebab-that's it!
@thiago - can we get a confirm/deny about the goats so the schwartz can stop spamming the comments about them?
@popenx all with ya there, and this is a relative cheap ks. but gimme me goat steeds and me chariot! ;-)
@popenx - welcome to the comments section :p . i do agree with you about the minis and gameplay for the record. i'm looking forward to painting these up and trying out the game with my d&d group.
a lot of negative talk here. i personally like both minis and game play. i of course would love to unlock more but as it is it's pretty good. and as mentioned there is still some time for more.
@jason - there isn't a ton, but there is some, which will drive the base game resell point up.  then the shaman and gods expansions will be able to be sold at msrp.  i didn't say you'd make a fortune off of it; just that you'd be able to get your money back.
as i have said much earlier, this is a boardgame with miniatures, not a collection of miniatures with some dice.  i would be worried if there were too many add-ons as this would convince me that it had not been adequately tested (how can you go into game development not knowing how much of the content will be delivered)
@john - the miniatures are pvc plastic produced by dust studio.
the minis are beautiful but are they made out of a material that makes it appropriate to back the project just to paint them? i'd hope for gw or kd-style plastic, whatever that's called, but don't know what to expect/ zombicide's minis are a bit rubbery, and you tend to pick them up in handfuls so while you could paint them you probably wouldn't want to; and sedition wars delivered some really disappointing restic that eventually proved too fiddly for me to clean up and ended up in a wastebasket. do we know what blood rage's minis are made from?
@donn, alt sculpt are for minions not monsters-can you play two of them even? i am amazed at the un-cmon'ness of this ks, weird but true a few of those truly sublime monsters as add ons (and i stress i hate add ons) we would be blasting sgs for shaman/seers/whatever's! and i love ks exclusives-gives me a return on my investment-and the few we have are very nice (provided the dreaded pvc can cope with the detail!) but otherwise we get 'meh' tokens (yes the 'eight ball' said there're big-that's another thing let's hear from creators again!) but still tokens! *and breathes* :)
bring. on. the. boars!
i don't think that will be true with this game donn. there is very little exclusive content. there's no reason this game will have a high secondary market so far... especially if the game ends up being poorly received.
@jason - the nice thing about cmon kss is that if you don't like the game, you can usually make your money back on the secondary market.  but do what you have to do.
a boar clan 6th player add-on is all i'm willing to spend extra money on right now.
i don't enjoy the mini expansions as much as additional mini's because i haven't even played this game before. i'm not even sure i'll like it. why would i want mini expansions already? i'd rather try the game out and if i like it, then purchase additional content. i've been foolish in the past and purchased additional expansions for things i haven't played yet and ended up hating the game. mini's though... even if i end up hating the game, i can enjoy painting them and using them for other things. so far with this campaign, the only valuable stretch goal to me is the mystic troll and mountain giant. i'll make my decision when the final stretch goals are announced... just letting cmon know that this campaign isn't very exciting compared to their others and the goals don't impress me.
@bitfrosting: i am sure i'll paint the minis, and i'm buying the art book most especially for the inspiration :-)
@agreave - i think they went with alt sculpts so that it didn't become a must-buy for completionists while still giving something nice to reward those who get it now.
6th clan add-on would be nice to have soon :p
@lucifer, and we haven't had the add-on sg! ;)
;)
@ renato well then it is time to bring them on!
is anyone going to buy the artwork to use for a guide to painting these miniatures? i know this is a board game first, but having painted miniatures just adds to the immersion of playing the game for me. i also like to paint.
nvm, saw it was a joke. i got confused because i do remember one guy in the first week who kept saying they should make custom dice an add-on and he was serious
missing goats more important than @fontgate must... have goooaatsss... ;-)
on the topic of shamans… shaman? i see the wizard tim from monty python in that sculpt. “what is your favorite colour?”
@luzifer, there are no dice in this game
@justin, oh god no. what have you done!? we just got done with one heated discussion and now it looks like here we go again. =p
for-the discussion of sgs: i hope there will be two cmon evergreens of nearly every ks: 1. extra coins 2. more dice i think we have a cruel lack of dice in this campaign, by odin! ;)
@donn, yep that is an option but they are just a bit 'meh' if you get my meaning. if they had offered just about any other fig than an alt sculpt, well! :)
man the font is so horrible in an otherwise lovely looking game. i saw other people complaining about it as well. i really hope they hear this feedback and change it.
another vote for changing the name of the shamans.
@agreave - i plan to sell the 5th player exclusive sculpts.  i'll probably end up getting the 5th player for less than it goes for at retail.
i want to smell the ozone divine, feel the trembling earth as the wheels of the goat steed driven chariot races across the shimmering heavens. by mjönir gimme gimme me goats after midnight! ;-)
@jason, it does seem that way, as the 5th clan set has very poor exclusives-just not tempting enough to get before retail (with inevitable discount) :)
not so boring id me goats come snorting along ;-)
i'd stick around just for the exclusive mountain giant myself.  and the great discount, since we are getting 2 retail expansions for free.  as i said back at the beginning, this is a very boring campaign, and i'm ok with that.
@jason will see what's next, but i think that it may be shamans as you suggested, since bigger goals are usually shown closer to end mark to push the undecided. at least wait for last 12h before dropping out ;-)
agree with agreave.... very disappointed that the next 3-4 stretch goals will just be more shaman. at this rate, i'll be dropping my pledge and picking it up at retail (if it gets good reviews). no need to pay more and risk getting a crappy game for very little exclusive content. i guess they're trying to appease the exclusive complainers with this campaign. i want to see more cool mini's. more epic monsters please.
@cpt matt, obviously use of an add on i would say for this-from an add on hater!! :)
@agreave  as @pawel mention i think cmon shifted gears here and still have some of the omfgta stretch goals saved for around the 48 and 24 hour marks
another vote for changing what you call the shamans, even if it may be ok in broader terms, it's a bit disrespectful not giving them a more proper name considering how true the game is to norse mythology.
he is being very quite out there! lol...
so all the remaining sgs are for 'shaman' or alt sculpt 'shaman'? where's the paint-i'll watch it dry :)
either that or the golden magic 8 ball to chime in.  (looking at you @thiago)
@jason we just need a little more than $20k and we will find out which direction we are heading.
@captain matt ok that makes more sense. if they are going that route.
if we have shaman miniatures for each clan, i hope they will put ram shamans in the add-on box !
@jason in the current incarnation shamans will be shared and drafted like any other card and the models used like the monsters.  however i do think we will see sculpts for each of the clans so that when you do call upon a shaman it will be your clan's shaman.   that is once all of the goals are hit.
* you only need one of them in a clan.
mystic is also pretty cool.
looking at the cards available, it appears that we will have upgrade cards that give special abilities to the shamans that you are controlling and a shaman reference card for your specific clan's special ability.  i'm guessing that we'll get all of those cards regardless of how many more sgs are hit.  then, we'll also get different sculpts for each clan as we unlock sgs.
but yeah, shaman is certainly not exclusive to north-american indians. the term actually comes from asia...
although i defended shaman, i like rune priest as runes are very thematic
@dave f: agreed, shaman has long been the overall term used in anthropology for practitioners of the proto -religious spiritual tradition common to all primitive cultures, including what was later to become the norse culture. seithrmann (or any of its other spellings) would be more precise, but this is a game that has "fire giant" and frost giant" instead of surtr or jotunn, so...
i just thinking that these shamans are meant to be used by all clans in game play. due to the fact that they are giving us two of them. you really only need one of the in a clan for game play. that's my thoughts anyway...
that said, your suggestions are always welcome. seer, mystic, rune priest are all good names, and we'll take your input into consideration.
well imho of french guy, i must admit that for once i'm on the same euro side as my dear british colleagues :-)
@agrave maybe different shamans will have different abilities, and they used clan names to distinct them and at the same time reference current names/patron animals/gods.
sounds like it's time for another american vs british argument.
@dave it's not that it's incorrect. it just "sounds wrong" :) as someone said earlier: shamans in europe are associated with  native americans, indians from south africa and native tribes from africa.
well if they can be 'loaned' out they should have avoided clan names so as to avoid the obvious link up/confusion imo, bearing in mind we have to call them 'shaman' so peeps know what they do! :)
@dave f - very informative and interesting! thanks for linking that.
shamans are certainly not limited to native american culture. shamanism - calling on or entering the spirit world is not the same as a seer (one who predicts the future). i think shaman is perfect, whilst not a term used in norse myth, the themes of shamanism can be found there http://norse-mythology.org/concepts/shamanism/
i like sorcerer, too.  generic term for someone who practices sorcery.
i think that shamans work a little like gods. each clan have his own patron god, but it doesn't stop it from taking gifts from other gods (at least i nowhere saw something that prevented it). by same logic, each shaman originates from one clan (thus serpent shamans, probably bear shamans etc.), but, because he "works" for god, he can help any clan.
i don't get this whole "male shaman" problem.  clearly, you haven't met my aunt bertha.  she looks quite a bit like these shamans.
serpernt seer sounds better, oi for me goats! ;-)
as they are called 'serpent shaman' i assumed they were for that clan? :)
@jason - true, but i think if we get the "complete incarnation" of the shamans, i think we will end up having some for each clan.
if we look ad the "shaman" cards one will notice they are all male.
@donnbobhardy i don't know, i'm not cool mini or not. i can only speculate. i'm sure that they had planned whole campaign, taking into account how much money previous board games had collected. they prepared stretch goals accordingly. then kickstarter started, and it funded beyond all boardgames, into miniature games arena (personally i think that blood rage will match or surpass arcadia quest). that made them reorganize campaign, and for example (pure speculation): - use few existing goals for the beginning of campaign as planned, but stop half way, before truly epic goals planned for the end of campaign start showing up - use add ons as next goals to prolong the campaign and keep it hyped - use pre planned epic goals for the end of campaign
it seems to me that these shaman's are meant to be used for all the clan's as if you were getting a monster card and playing it.
i have to agree with itamar, even if i fing the debate not that important. even if i follow cmon in not using purely norse names, i have something against shaman which is anything but european. sorcerer or something else in the same spirit would have been better. fun part is in conan they used witch which makes more sense.
maybe serpent clan warrior = female, shaman = male ... and the other way round for the other clans? ;)
maybe in the usa 'shaman' sounds generic,but almost anywhere else it is considered an american-indian title, with a specific connotation. seer would be much appreciated. as the game board itself seems to contain nordic myth-names, i find it strange that the theme is not supported where it can so easily be supported.
@jason - that's a bit too much of a coincidence for me to deal with if not the case.
are we even sure these serpent shaman's are for the serpent clan? they are male and the serpent clan is all female. you would think if they were for the serpent clan that they would be female as well. is all i'm saying...
@kbl i agree. too bad that the "usually woman" part was already broken... ;) but maybe it's only serpents clan shamans (let's use current name for now) that are male.
@pawel - you are suggesting that they didn't have any sg ideas past those first few?
i have to agree with @donnbobhardy on that one, seer is just as well known as shaman.
@donn - ah, i didn't know about the norse.  but then i'm also confused when in brön people are having communications problems while i can understand everything fine in the subtitles :^)
@godfather punk that's a little more difficult. both loki and tyr are not aser (aesir) but jætter (frost giants) (beings of nature - ie frost, ice, fire) so you can't (if your nitpicking :p ) throw them in the same "category" of gods. the shaman/seer name is easier to fix, as they are all humans and usually women.
@thiago 1) thanks for your kindness in answering all our crazy questions. 2) since conan made a nice "bridging" in incorporating a scenario using blood rage minis, could we respectfully suggest that a nice sg could be to have a way to use some of the conan minis in the blood rage game... just an idea... anyway, you know us, even if you don't, we will house rule it :-)
@donnbobhardy please look at cool mini or not kickstarters. all board games (please note: not miniature games like arkadia quest or kaosbal, not wargames/skirmishes like wrath of kings but boardgames like dogs of war or smog) gathered around 100k. blood age is a board game, with stunning miniatures, but still board game. i think that cool mini or not was just surprised by sudden surge in pledges and reorganizes campaign a little to have more goals and less add-ons.
i'd go with 'rune priest' as used by gw-very widely known and understood if that's the issue?
@thiago - what about seer?  it appears to be more norse-specific and it is an easily recognizable term.
as stated before, we didn't want to use overly specific, dense nomenclature for prominent game terms. the names need to easily communicate what they are, without the player needing to be a norse mythology scholar. shaman is a generic term, indicating a practitioner of mystic arts, able to connect to the spiritual world. it's not tied to any specific practitioners from one culture.
i saw we rename them wizzlepuffs.
@pawel, thanks for the insight-not been on today so catching up :)
@godfather - once again, that's using the norse, which they are mostly trying to avoid.
@agreave probably because some people (myself included) thinks that viking shamans sound way more stupid than viking seer/viking rune priest/viking bone priest or probably almost any other name :)
i'm a miniature collector and i don't have deep pockets, so please don't put all miniature collectors in the category of having lots of money/resources. if the miniatures in the game won't be sold separately i might have to have a word with dust studios.
@ub3r_n3rd i'm sorry but the point is that is not a matter of opinion. it is a matter of fact and will. the fact is that they can change that name very easily, if they so wish. your, my or anyone else's opinion is not relevant to the possibility, it only matters into their decision whether they shoudl do it or not.
@efty  - "stupid argument" or not, respect my opinion as i respect yours. thank you very much.
why the name change anyway? :)
if you're changing 'shaman' then i vote to replace 'gods' with 'aesir'.
i believe the term would be vølve/spåkone (völva/seer) where vølve is the most correct (the actual name used by the vikings) term. but who's stopping you from calling them whatever you like in your gaming group?
@thiago - the updates have stated that both the gods and the shamans were considered as add-ons, but then changed into sgs.  what happened to the stuff that would have been sgs instead?
@ub3r_n3rd if people who know about norse mythology say it's not ok they be called shamans, then their opinion should have a little more traction, id say. as for "can't change, already designed" - i've mentioned that repeatedly - it's a stupid argument. all they'd need to do is open indesign, open find & replace, type shaman in one box and seer in the other and voila! magic happens. then save the file and done.
i wouldn't think that any change in name would happen with the shamans if they already have the design ready to go for them. i personally like them being "shaman," but everyone has differing opinions.
me too
i actually like the idea of changing shamans to seers.
he he @donbobhardy as stated in on of the updates, the thor mini is not quite finished yet, so i expect the finished thor mini to include his goat steed driven chariot. we all have dreams ;-)
hey, no worries. after looking at more i'm pretty pleased. wish i had the time to paint them. they looked incredible.
@aaron sorry, i guess i have been on the internet too long.  i have a few of cmon products and generally they are on the higher end of detail.  now it will still be plastic and not resign so some of the detail we see in master sculpts won't come trough.  cmon is first a miniatures company and board game producers second. (not that i dislike their games)
i believe aaron is referring to this picture of the actual production minis from facebook. https://www.facebook.com/bloodragegame/photos/a.737353909674649.1073741828.639521432791231/779199932156713/…
sorry if my coment start some fire here, i just expresing my opinión and my thoughs about rising the bankers. its true that this is a board game but the minis are to cool to think that they are only tokens. if the minis were only pastic markers the ks would have less bankers for sure. i dont like the addons that changes the mecanics of the game,  but the extras like more minis, artbooks, special dices or even deluxe/custom boxes are good to me. i will expend 100$ in this game plus shipping and i belive that i wont play the game because my friends do not speak/read english. so only collector  intentions!! sorry for my english and for bothering some of you.
@pawel, ah there's the problem. i'm only ever on ks on my phone and idk how to check update comments.
@renato  actually there is quite a lot of suggestions in 21 update comments: - bone priests - rune priests - speakers for the gods - gothi/vitki - seer - volva/gooi and few more... :)
to get back on track (and off of add-ons) i've seen people ask for a shaman name change but no one suggesting an alternative. any ideas people?
i'm in the process of painting my zombicide minis (yeah it's taken my a while :p ) and theres actually quite a few more of the sculps, than i like that has some nasty invert mold marks on them. so it's not like cmons minis are utter perfection and shiny examples of god-like sculps that should be worshipped by all. just sayin' :)
ok, then good to know. this is a good year for board games for me. ghostbusters just ended, waiting on mega man....still.......and now blood rage, the cheapest of the 3. very excited.
i don't know if they'll be quite as good as those pictures, but they will still be good.  i've never been disappointed by cmon minis.
i think it was the raven clan warrior. there were ravens on his shoulders. i've seen those minis. i guess what i'm asking, is it possible they will be that detailed final product? i'm more curious than anything. as i said, i'm still getting the game regardless.
@aaron - i guess the gods are only in the updates.  the pictures of some of the sg minis are bigger there as well.
@aaron - if you click on story up above, you should be able to see most of the minis for the game.  is the one with the staff the new shaman?
i've only seen the one. i can't remember who linked the photo. i mean, i'm fairly new to these games, so don't crucify me here, but is that a good quality mini? i didn't like the bend in the staff mostly.
@aaron it's the internet, natural lair for trolls :p  of course from behind a screen every message could be interpreted in various ways since it misses emotion or anything! a heated discussion could be seen as a "flame war" or an opinion could be seeing as trolling! so yeah it's the magic (and curse) of the internet!
@aaron - troll: anyone whose opinion is different than mine.  :)
@aaron - are there specific minis that you have issues with, or do you think they are all poor quality?
not trolling (why do people always have to be trolls? lol), just the picture shown previously didn't see so great to me. never played any if their games either
@aaron i am not sure if you are trolling us or looking at different images for the minis.  cmon is known for having good quality minis and these are some good ones here.
i think we're all in agreement (how did that happen!?) another example, i've ended up with 2 copies of gw's space hulk, the second with no minis, someone bought it to get the miniatures with no intention of ever playing the game, i on the other hand wanted the game, so i'm happy for a second copy to expand my game play. this isn't really an option here - a gamer isn't going to want a second copy of the game without the miniatures, unless they damage cards or something.
@paul i like to call them "heated discussion"! we have plenty of them here! ;)
getting feisty in these comments. :)
@efty aren't we saying the same thing?? i said i'm against exclusive add ons not add ons per se! i already said i'm fine with add ons! it's you people that continuously say "why are you against add ons???"
@efty, what you said.  +1
@the schwartz - are you on something?  what's with all of the goat comments?
dear gods... get it through your thick skull, lance! we don't super unique exclusive miniature add-ons. we want the miniatures from the game available in separate, cheap packs for people not interested in the board game, or simply wish to have extras. this would give cmon more money, more stretch goals unlocked for everybody who bought the game, and a bunch of miniature collectors would then be able to paint what they like without resorting to ebay.
@lanceif they produced a mini crossover.... well nothing really, id be happy that people i probably wouldnt meet, playing games i dont have an interest in, are having fun.  im not really self righteous like that.  ive pledge for what i want/need.  letting someone else get something nice is not really an horrific life changing experience for me tbh. :d
personally kind of disappointed with the actual minis. wish they were more on the level of descent, which i recall being detailed and sharp. no dropping my pledge as this game looks fantastic just a gripe. better quality minis (plastic? ) would be a nice sg to see.
@all - we're all arguing, but i think most of us are in agreement.  we'd be ok with a bunch of add-ons, as long as they aren't gameplay related.  duplicates of minis (that aren't tied to new minis) is good for all of us.
cudos @morten, but where's me goat steed driven chariot, i can still smell the ozone divine?! ;-)
i guess the real question would be is it even possible for them to do only miniature add-ons.  maybe their contracts with the dust company doesn't allow it.  how are pvc minis molded?  are they done on sprues then cut out by machine?  is it one solid mold for each individual mini(i doubt that one).  it could just come down to the way they are manufactured and limitations on that.  something to keep in mind.
@ironclad what would happen if they tie, for example, two exclusive monster to a zombicide crossover add-on? that's the kind of thing that would drive me and many other away
ok... how can anybody be upset that miniature loves want to pay for extra mini's ?  nobody is talking about doing ks exclusive bs, that will mess up the game.  the figures are so awesome, that of course we want more of em - and if doing extra miniature packs could get us to unluck fenris / nidhug, then whats the problem ? - stop whining that some of us wanna throw a ton of money into a game cause were in love with the minis - ill probably gonna end up buying 2 of em, to feed a viking warband ;) board vs. mini - eeeeh .... we are in a hobby where sometimes a gem like this comes around, enjoy it - its the best of both worlds.
@jacinto - is there such a thing as a "required" add-on?  "the base pledge is $80, but we won't send you anything unless you also get this add-on for another $20."
@aaron.g: i think the artbook was more of a scenario book with artwork thrown in for conan.  it was to give people more options to use the king's pledge and sg stuff.
@lance, each person will always want what they want. no matter how you justify your own opinion, other may disregard it because they have their own.  this board game is not an art project, but it has an art book....  unless people are able to freely offer their opinions, then cmon cant rwally gather the information to make the right business decisions.  ive not bought zombiecide,  so i wouldnt really buy any models associated with it. if they did make zombiecide models, i would be happy for those that was going to get them though and hoped they get joy from it.
@donbobhardy but it was an optional purchase, i mean, you would be able to use the things on the "expanded" game box even if you didn't get the artbook/scenario add on
@donnbobhardy yeah that artbook has 19 scenarios and a few equipment cards in it
@aaron - did it really?  so glad i wasn't involved with that one.
@donnbobhardy at least this art-book isn't practically required unlike the conan one which has game scenarios
of course the exclusive figure adds something to the gameplay it's not simply a good looking thing (that was implicit but usually there is always someone who will miss that point)
@paul sousa, thanks for the picture. ive worked with models for a long tkme now and i agree that the model is certainly functional for its use within a board game. some people like their models very crisp so they can really stand out, especially as the sculpt look really awesome!  but it will always be the case that when mass producing restic models of this size, you will always be loosing detail.  ofc i am ok with this otherwise i wouldnt be here, this would just be played as intended, as a board game.  im just saying its a shame to loose bits of detail that make these minis look awesome in the sculpts.  there is absolutely nothing wrong with the way they are planning to do things, we cant all drive high end sports cars, we have to be satisfied with functionality a lot of times and its sometimes the best way forward when costing things up. :) journey, wrath of deamons went down a hips route and a resin route and gave people the option to buy the awesome resin quality models. but that game had a lot of models, which was a huge focus for them.  i didnt get the resins, as just dont have time to paint my own stuff a lot of the time. so would have been happy either way. hehe.
@aaron - i agree that it would be a shame not to unlock all 5 sets of shamans, but i am not concerned.  i think we will get 1 or 2 sets before the 48 hour emails go out.  i think the 48 hour emails will easily bump us up to the rest.  hopefully beyond that to more as well.  if another few add-ons are added, that will make it even easier, but i hope they are things like the artbook or duplicate miniatures that don't affect gameplay.
@nigel: that is exactly my point! i'm not against add on (i already said that) i'm against something that would force me to buy something just to get something exclusive that is important for the gameplay! imagine this: they release a monster pack with alternate postures and they tie to it fenrir and nidhoggr... minis collector would be happy because they have bottomless pockets, board gamers like me would feel cheated or forced to buy the extra pack just because there is a figure they have no way to obtain later on...
@aaron most cmon campaigns have a very large spike at the end of the campaign so i would not worry so much about not hitting any of the shaman goal(s).
@lance how in the world would it hurt you or cmon's pockets if my friend who doesn't like all the miniatures enough to blow $75 on them were to buy a pack of raven clan miniatures? this isn't about adding more of them to the board game we're going to play together. he wants his own so he can paint them.
don't get me wrong i do like that we are getting just about everything included with the base pledge kickstarter exclusives can be fixed with exclusive sculpts of the models, but as for addons if they don't get funded now there's no guarantee they will ever get made take a look at our current stretch goal at the moment we are working towards 1 serpent clan shaman and the rules/cards that go with him, if i am guessing right there could/should be a total of 5 shaman if we manage to unlock them. at the current rate we will be lucky to unlock 2 maybe 3 out of that 5 and that's where addons as i see it help, i am not talking about adding dozens of addons but even 1 or 2 should help get them unlocked
@donnbobhardy & @jorge, i agree with you - if some people want additional copies of the cool minis to paint or collect etc why not offer add-ons that let them buy them? if you're in this just for the game then the art-book has no interest and neither would additional monster packs. what would suck is if they offered extra monster packs and included exclusive content to those packs, such as different sculpts or extra cards etc - then backers who just want to play the game might feel they need to get them.
once more into the fray of add-on and exclusives.  i think i can schedule a reoccurring meeting on our calendars so we can talk about it tomorrow too.  :-)
@lance - i disagree.  most people that want the extra monsters seem to want them for painting or rpging.
@lance +1 this is board game (and it looks like solid one) with minis, not the other way around.
@jorge - i agree that an add-on of duplicate figures would make everyone happy.  those who want to spend money have something to spend it on, those who don't won't feel the need, and painters or wargamers will be able to increase their horde of awesome figures.  it's a win/win/win.../win.
many people here think this is a "miniature game board game" and ask for minis... no fellas this is a "board game with minis"  and so asking for "minis packs" doesn't make sense from the game point of view! this is not "zombicide: the viking edition or rum & bones: valhalla rising" and even if the minis are awesome it's stupid, in my opinion, asking for more "mini packs" because that would mean you simply want to become ebay scalpers or just have bottomless wallets! and also as i and many others have already said many times having exclusive add ons would be detriment for this campaign because: 1-  we don't want to feel obliged to pay more for something that would feel incomplete without it, and so we would probably abandon the campaign if this gets out of hand  2- many of us don't have the possibility to buy retail later and we don't wanna feed ebay scalpers 3- goddamn ebay scalpers that are a cancer for this splendid hobby and as many of us said before, we are not against "add ons" we are against "exclusives add ons" that you are forced to buy in order to complete the game or else you will miss an important part of the game... 5th player faction and art book add on are an example of well thought add ons... rum & bones campaign had 3 expansion that added something plus a exclusive mini tied to them and so many of us backed out for that because we couldn't afford all of them... if you have bottomless pockets, lucky you! we don't have your luck so please for the love of the norse gods and the other gods stop asking the same thing other and other and other again since cmon already answered those issues! in short:  there won't be any crossover! there won't be add on galore! and most important of all: this is a boardgame with minis, it is not a miniature game!
the addons are good for the project if they are weel balanced, like extra minis. these do not affect the gamming experience but give us the option to get extras for colections. in this ks for example if the gods were a expansión wont get it, the minis are very simple. but a monster expansión with big ones creatures(even repeated ones) with 20-30$ cost, that i get it!! the game is interesting to play but the collector banker will like some more! still i'm very happy with the current level of the ks .so i pay for the base game and the rest is free, so very happy even if there is no sgs at all!!
@aaron not everyone can put 200$+ in kickstarter. sometimes when you don't invest some serious money into ks you are missing almost as many as retail buyer. also ks exclusives do bring people to back the game, but at the same time put off people later, when game hits retail. why would they buy game for more then ks backer and receive less? i can accept ks exclusives that are later available in publishers store or at conventions, but other than that i hate this type of advertising. add-ons are mostly available later at retail, so they are not as bad, but at the same time some add-ons also have limited availability, and again put off people. in my opinion if company want to bring people to up they pledges, they should offer something different, like designing/naming cards, illustrations etc. backer would design card/illustration, get hi-res art print/file and bragging rights. games on ks often don't have final artworks, or all artworks finished so it shouldn't be a big problem, specially with some planning ahead.
my guess is that they are holding the other add-on for the last clan until the 48 hour mark as a last hoorah!
@aaron - not all of us consider that a bad thing.  i'm content with my $100 pledge.
you might hate addons and exclusives but they give people a reason to up their pledge and unlock more stretch goals, as it is i have no reason to pledge more than i allready have
i don't mind exclusives, though it does bug me when almost everything is exclusive.  i can think of several really bad examples of that.
@chris +1 i hate kickstarters swarming with add-ons and ks exclusives.
i just feel like posting how happy i am that this cmon kickstarter has only one addon and there isn't the 'ks exclusive' logo spammed all over the place. my pledge is well deserved on those grounds =) @mikademus - not as far as i know, but i'm all in for a more thematic name. i think shamans are cool, but it strikes me as the wrong name for the theme too.
has there been any official reply on changing "shaman" to something thematically better? some really great comments and suggestions in the comments to update #21 btw!
extra pack of minis... oh i would so buy that!
cmon has already sell extra minis in zombicide like the vip zombies pack!!
i really wish it would be possible to buy the clan minis individually, i really don't want have to buy a extra blood rage game just to get some of the minis.
rigth you are @collector, but where's me goat?! ;-)
oooh yup a pack of extra miniatures would be super awesome !
@donnbobhardy: yep, that would be the main problem. you'd run a risk of simply not having a chance to get any battle cards (or other card type), and that would unbalance the game.
@the schwartz would you say sticking together also goes for sharing ones beer? ;)
i would like some extra miniatures, maybe some only mini pack for painting in my case or for other games like conan or warhammer. i would like to customice the giant with the rock and exchange it with a dead horse or a pair of dead vickings!! a pack of monsters would be great!!
so, i'm wondering, how would the game play if we just shuffled all of the cards together?  i mean, if i were playing with 3 people, but shuffled in all of the 4+ and 5+ cards.  we'd still only deal 8, draft 6.  i'm just wondering how it would play.  would you run the risk of too many quests?  not enough combat cards?  which cards do we need in specific percentages that causes the whole 2+/3+/4+/5+ notation?
right @collector, but remember we danes must stick together ;-)
cmon...make honor to your name and give us this exclusive add on... 5 big monsters for 25€ (a couple of big voluptuosa female ones) and if you include the winged ape to use at conan game... we will rise this game to crom mountain thank you
well @the schwartz i thought with the smiley face ad the end it would show i knew he was joking.
for you mini types, dave callahan has done some amazing mini painting of a few of the figures over on bgg.  beautiful.  look at the blood rage then sort images for "hot".  certainly worthy of a thumbs up over there.
@collector obviously a joke from niklas and a good one ;-)
niklas s you sure did get a lot mixed up, beowulf were germanic, skåne, halland and blekinge didn't get lost to the swedes until almost 1000 years after the viking age, and i do know you did it on purpose, are trying to start a new war? :)
here's an example - https://scontent.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/t31.0-8/11016150_779199932156713_60211121061275548_o.jpg obviously not as sharp as the models on display in the story section, but still pretty nice for pvc (bending of things like staffs, etc. to be expected).
@ironclad - if you go to their fb page you can see some pics of the pvc models.
hm, maybe the serpent clan is male because all the other clan figures are all female? then maybe the rest of the seers will be female...
i do think at the release we need to do a blood rage game with a swede, dane, norweigian & icelandic!  the boardgame cafee here in copenhagen: "bastard cafe" would be good for that (and since were not afraid of beers - as the puny swedes) there will be pints & laughter in the halls!  ... and nope there will be no helmets with horns ;)
@niklas  hissa, hussa hejsasa, nu skal svensken ha' dada ;-)
nilkas ... omfg i spurred coffe all over - svenskjävel! ;)
yessir @morten let's get back to our lost glory. before we danes were stupid enough  to be christened ;-)
pvc is alright for smooth surfaces and large models though.
@the collector. pvc doesnt its too soft, hips can butnhave a problem casting underhangs, resin is best quality,  but not likely used for board games.
@morten @ the collector hmm, the swedish version: i think it was the swedish viking beowulf who single handed beat all the danes, the danes then became so afraid that they forever left skåne, halland and blekinge and went home to eat red sausage from irma. the swedes then invented lego and carlsberg beer and gave the patent to the danes, othervise they wouldn't have any income at all and would have starved to death in their swampy country. then the swedes wouldn't be able to drive over Östersund bridge to buy cheap beer... ;-d
@thecollector ooooh oki ;) *fistbumb* ... lets go and get our land back
arrrgghh! me goat steeds where's me goat steeds! ;-)
@ironclad studio plastic can give the same details as you can se in the pictures.
madscientist, good idea. just thumbed up. bgg / blood rage / images / all images where cover is displayed.
@morten, well considering i'm danish and i thought you were telling the swedish version i won't be able to tell you the swedish version, i remember it was something like the swedish king had the ships burned in the hope that one way or another he wouldn't have to pay the vikings, they would either die or be too weak to do much about it, something in that direction.
the shamans are a great point in the game to add more female characters. i have no idea why the serpent one is male, but it would be awesome to see the rest of the shamans as female characters, as this game is starting to become somewhat one-sided, genderly speaking.
doh! ok thanks patrik. was hopings for at least hips so we get the best out of those nice looking sculpts oh well. :p
models are pvc as far as i understand.
any idea of what material the models will be in please?
@the collector, whats the swedish version of the story that the danes set fire to the ships & sailed away ? for those outside of scandinavia - yes its a very important national sport to poke at eachother between danes & swedes :p
of course i made them up based on numbers of minis included: 5th player as about 10 minis right? so it's 30$ gods are only 5 minis so i halved that price! shamans we don't know yet how many of them are included so i went with a logical middle to high price that is of course still speculation on my part and you could be right to!
@lance you and @etty are probably correct in how the shamans will be packaged retail.  i was just pointing out an alternative marketing strategy with them.  i think the prices you have are going to be close but that the gods pack will be $20 and the shamans will be $25 or $30 depending on if we do get to see that 6th clan.
so in retail it's likely gonna be: base game as it is (without the exclusive things unlocked as sgs) + 5 player expansion (without the exclusives) + the gods expansion + the shaman expansion (with components for 5 players) i'll even say the price for retail will be as follows: 5th player: 30$ (confirmed by thiago) gods: 15$  shamans: 20-25 (depending numbers of figures included)
@captain matt i think the complete retail set will include every shaman mini as an additional module, including the 5th player shaman
sweet the shamans are a good addition! the sculpts are gorgeous too! curious to see the complete module now! and the pledges are still coming without any add-on! again proof enough, at least for me, that this particular game doesn't need tons of add ons to get going and reach sgs! keep it like this cmon! you can do your "tons of exclusive and minis kickstarter galore" the next project (the others) so people will be happy to shell out 1000$ dollars for that! though it's probable that at least one add on will be added the last 2 days and it will be fine, at least for me, if it doesn't contain anything ks exclusive!
@etty its also possible that it will be included with the retail 5th player expansion, so that it gives people a taste of shamans.  once you have the taste you go and buy the retail shaman set, but all of that is pure speculation
i understant the argument that there is artistic freedom and i can remodel the hammer of thor to avoid that my friends refuses to play the game (yes they are history snobs) but...calling the new sg shamans - that is just dreadful. some people here in sweden mumbled over history channels "vikings" where the farseer is male (farseers where female) but i can live with that since the show othervise is so good. if you call the new sg shamans you can aswell put tigers and kangaroos in the game.
i'm pretty sure the 5th shaman set will be an additional stretch goal. it's not needed in the base game, it's expansion content, and thus will be in the retail shaman expansion set, not in the 5th faction set. of course, i could be wrong...
how good to have a game with valhalla in it!!
@cmon i presume when the fourth set of "shaman" have been achieved that "shaman" will be added to the ram clan 5th player set (and any 6th set as well).
funny, the swedes have one side of the story and the danes another :)
and gone. :)
ok people lets talk some viking stories instead. i think one of my personal fave's was when one of the swedish kings were trying to beat the shit out of another - (and forced the danes to support him) sailed in and at the attack set fire to all the ships, as a clear sign of no retreat - well the danes said fuck that & turned around, and he ended up dead on the battlefield, but still pretty badass. any swedes here remember more of this, im pretty sure theres a tombstone for him up in sweden somewhere.
eb open...
well, if we had a new game play video or some more wips we'd have more interesting topics... (*hint* @thiago *hint* ). meanwhile... erm... how 'bout that norse mythology, ey?
@ snake, i think its picking up a bit - several thousand dollars more pledged so far today than at the same point yesterday...at least it feels that way to me.
@efty - true, but as we are having this discussion in a forum for a boardgame dealing with vikings and ragnarok, i think the heroic death (and associated place in valhalla) is quite heavily implied by the context? (as you say, far from the most meaningful of discussions) :)
this kickstarter seems to have lost some steam. is there something else big going on?
between wish-listing, font complaints, unhelpful comparisons/references to another ks (that can't be gauged for success until it actually delivers btw despite what many people think), this comments section just tires me out.
@matthew taylor - yes but that involves referencing that particular type of glory in a prior context. which has yet to happen. instead it was just appended at the end of every post. and yes, i do realise this topic is a bit ridiculous, but frankly i'm a bit tired of wish-listing... :)
@matthew - +1
depends on if you are doing it for any and all general purpose glory - "for glory"; or for a specific type "for the glory(of an heroic death)!"
my point is that it should be "for glory!". adding 'the' makes no sense.
@efty and @daniel. funnily enough i agree with both of you. during this campaign it has become over-used and cheesy. but it still definitely adds flavour and is highly relevant to the game.
@efty i am not english spoken, but i would say that adds a more epic flavour.
am i the only one bugged by that definite article in "for the glory!" ?
attention all backers if you all want to help promote blood rage to maximise the number of backers so we can unlock the shaman figures for all the clans, then head on over to the boardgamegeek.com page for blood rage and 'thumb up' the images. images that get lots of thumbs get up on the boardgamegeek home page for a week where everyone can see them. a perfect way to draw in new backers. come on, lets push this all the way. for the glory!
@all who wants more add ons. i don't think this ks is about huge amounts of stash. there's just been one add-on heavy game, and another going on. seems like they're playing it smart and focusing on getting a high number of backers vs getting a few backers with deep pockets.
@godfather. the ks that was cancelled (sorry for late reply, was painting models and comments on this ks are coming hard and fast) was warbands by black wasp. it was an interesting skirmish game but the funding got 50% and then stalled. after 6 days of silence from the creators people started pulling out and they cancelled pretty quickly. sad too coz they're australian and i hated having to call them out for their poor form and having to cancel my pledge.
@martin maybe serpent shamans are male as opposed to warriors, and for example raven or wolf shamans are female. also from the update: "with the figures and cards contained in this stretch goal you'll already be able to use the shamans optional rules, albeit not in its complete incarnation, and with clans sharing the same shaman sculpt. however, it shouldn't take us long to unlock this game mode in its entirety!" it clearly suggests something more behind shamans, and indicates different sculpts.
@martin - true, but then there is no need for clan-specific warriors either; coloured meeples would work fine too. and cmon could change their name to cool meeple or not :^d
@thiago just to move a bit the focus from the minis, to the gameplay. as is difficult to talk about future sg and we are eagerly waiting news you think is possible to show some of the cards that are going to mark the different game strategies ? in the video is shown an interesting loki theme strategy, also some odin quest combo playing. i expect a lot more of this themed god synergies and it will be fun to go deeper in the game mechanics.
hi there. there is no need for clan-specific shamans. each age has only a single shaman card - a maximum of 3 shaman sculpts would be needed in total and this stretch goal comes with 2 already. if cmon planned clan-specific shamans, they would have made the serpent shamans female, or not?
but i don't understand why should be made shaman figures for every clan?aren't enough just a neutral set of figures???i'm totally agree introducing new figures into the game but they could be intend like monster concept... need something more to the final rush of this project...
@godfather ...no worries @daniel ...same here what do you think of this as another use for the conan and br minis. i posted this a couple of days ago but everyone was too busy debating fonts!! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/590134953/open-combat-miniature-skirmish-game-rulebook
right now i have mixed feelings about the sg.  all the backers, including me, are claiming for more ultra-bigger cool monster. is normal due this project is run by coolminiornot, and has attracted a lot of people that know that they make good minis. but this cool ultra-big monsters have a relative impact in the gameplay due each player can have only one at the same time and they are elected by drafting each age.  so it's means that if there is a big amount of monsters in a four player game all the other cards (quests, blessings, upgrades,...) will be diluted in the deck, and therefore the differents strategies in the game. only the four top tier from this age will be played, and the other monsters will remains in the players hands or discarded (poor dwarf chieftain... :_( ) so introducing a lot of monsters is awesome but also can hurt the game mechanics if they don't come with fresh mechanics that doesn't overlap.  in the case of the shamans is a good point that they are not monsters, more-like mutated clans henchmen, that play with the upgrade cards space.
have to agree with others, whilst i love the sgs so far if they really want to push this ks then they need to release some more add ons, i'd be quite happy with almost any of the proposals. just seems really odd to have a ks with so little to buy
i was interested too in warbands, but too much money spent these days: conan, the wallet-crusher.
thanks @darren
@godfather fyi warbands was the cancelled ks
i think this ks will suffer towards the end if the unlocks aren't what people were hoping for. i think getting the gods and (hopefully) shaman expansions in effect for free is great, but too many people mark the quality of such a campaign too simplistically through total number of minis or number of exclusives.
i really need a 6/7 player addon. my gaming group is too large. there are way too many boardgames aming for 4 player.
40k more needed for the serpent shaman. at this rythm, we'ld have to reach 700k to get each clan's shaman. in 5 days. i'm afraid we'll play with an uncomplete set of shaman's miniatures
5 days running left, and the shamans seen a little boring,  the last 2 days must have some spectacular sgs or the proyect wont rise to 1m!! need more monters, new clan and more more mooooore free minis!! remember king conan with lion!!! i will get the 5 player expansión, but i still waiting for some bigger like the giant or the monster with the flaming sword!! these are spectacular!!!
@ravenwing it's been time for a new addon since at least 2 days :-).
thanks for the confirmation, godfather. surely it must be time for a new add-on soon?
hate to say it but i do agree with those that think 5 shaman stretch goals in a row after the 5 god stretch goals isn't terribly exciting.  very much looking forward to the game but the way the sgs have organised have made the actual ks campaign a little dull.  then again, i am still buzzing from conan which may have been the best run ks campaign i've seen.
@jacinto it make no sence to include shamans in the 5 player expansion. this will become an addon box like the gods of asgard. that box will contain shamans for all 5/6/7 players.
there will be a different shamman for each clan, what i expect is the ram shamman to be included in the 5th player expansion if we unlock it
i believe that each clan will get their own shaman sculpt since first one is called serpent shaman like serpent clan. so we can expect bear, wolf, raven and ram shamans in the future. and they probably be (and definitely should be) different sculpt for pure game play purpose - so you can immediately distinct them one from another.
@godfather you are right! there is! i didn't saw her because there was no close up of her on main page and i missed her on overall components layout... :d
so 4 or 5 shaman minis.
@ravening - it looks like the same sculpt, but rumour is there will be a different sculpt as stretch goal for each of the clans.
@pawel - there's a (1) valkyrie in the basic grey monsters. i suppose the game is to be viking-centric and any non-humans are just supporting cast.  as much as i would want epansions for dwarfs, dark elves, valkyries, berserkers etc. i understand that this is not going to be warhammer-norse. :^)
did we get any clarity on the two shamans - are the two figures the same sculpt or two different figures?
i really like how this kickstarter is unfolding - lots of free stuff, limited add-on and how everything is tied to viking mythology. that being said, i'm missing one iconic character (or rather characters): valkyries. i would love to see them in game. anyone else would like to see them? or maybe it was already said that valkyries may/may not be in the game and i'm just missing it out?
i agree that it would be interesting to get hel and her minions/servants. i can't se the serpent clan with berserkers, the bear and wolf clan i can defiantly se having berserkers.
like the hel idea @punk
and i'm still waiting for fenris, nidhogg and berserkers :^)
i had said something similar earlier, basically special units. that would be nice.
instead of just shamans for the next goals, maybe shaman was just the first of a series of mystic support units. i already mentioned the völva. maybe a third sculpt could be skalds.  all could use the same currently-shaman cards so the game remains symmetric but there would be more variation in the minis. i'm just not sure how these would fit into the different clan themes.
@godfather punk whoa!! that would be so awesome!
so the next 4+ sgs will be shamans? boooring!!! not that i do not like them but we are just through that gods of asgard run. i want more exclusive stuff as sg or addon. did i mentioned addons? we need much more of those!!!
i know the game is 90% finished and the gods box is complete, but suppose there would be a hel expansion, how do you think it could be incorporated?  i was thinking about a hel sculpt, some more hel soldiers and a hel tile, similar to the valhala tile but with other effects to glory and different strategies for the clans. "he pulls a sword, you summon a troll. he sends one of yours to valhala, you send one of theirs to hel! that's the volsunga way!"
hmm it seems many that backed this ks are in it for the miniatures mostly, to bad there won't be any more females, but sadly not to surprising.
that's right @punk power to the völva ;-)
@ricky - just curious. which ks was cancelled?
we could get as sg new designs for the warriors and shamans. it would be great each mini being different to the others...
i like the sculpt, we are back to the viking quality. still hoping for a few more big monster as those really kick ass!
hi folks! been watching this one for days and finally joined. another miniatures ks cancelled (but i was probably gonna back this one as well anyways). these miniatures are too cool and i just really want the trolls and giants!
we can always have alternate sculpts for monsters, that wouldn't disrupt game balance. i expect to see a fenris sculpt at some point.
@collector @godfather: definitely agree we need more female models!!!
@yardswimmer @bitfrosting agreed eric lang's gameplay sounds great, so yeah wouldn't want to upset his design, however i'm sure they have more in store and being the fan he is of the viking apocalypse i'm sure they have fenris and nidhogg in there along with some awesome yet to be revealed adds or sgs
@bitfrosting i completely agree with your point. they seem very proud of the current level of complexity and current balance of the game. adding in more monsters can disrupt that which they are probably trying to avoid. as much as i would like more monsters i would rather that the balance of the game remain intact at a high level instead. everything added in the sgs were ones they were probably adding on in one way or another from before this campaign begun which is probably why they may be reluctant to add in some things that they haven't throughly thought through yet. but you never know i could be wrong but we shall see when the last 48hrs hits.
@yardswimmer. i agree with your point about sculpts, stretch goals, and getting backers to buy in. it seems like the biggest table top campaigns pack in so many exclusive minis that the deal seems too good to pass up. i get the sense that blood rage is such a finely tuned board game it is a disincentive to create a ton of minis, because then these minis would each need rules and a reason for existing. this could all create added complexity, which might compromise eric lang's goal for a 60-90 minute play session.
völva are female seers so there's a good chance at least one clan might have them as alternate shaman.
i do hope the other shamans are female shamans as i would have expected the serpent clan to have female shamans to fit with the rest of the concept but it seems to be not so, so i would presume the rest of the shamans to be female.
agreed eric lang and adrian smith pack a good punch for board games. this one is pretty awesome, i think with gameplay and sculpt adds it will go into 1mil+
i think the best comp for this campaign cmon arcardia quest with came in at a cool $775k. at the same point in the process the aq campaign was at just under $500k, but i think this number is just the floor. the aq campaign had a $25 higher buy in price of $100 and a $50 expansion add-on, which means blood rage is significantly further ahead of aq in the number of backers at this point. the lead in backers is why i think blood rage might hit six figs. if they release an expansion that pulls more money out of current backers that will be a bigger boost. and there is always a final push due to media buzz about the campaign ending and some serious fomo. i've watched the eric lang interview at bgg and i'm really stoked. this game seems like a passion project for him where he was really driven to perfect some of his past game designs.
if we don't raise enough funds for all the shamans, i would like to have an add on for the remaining figures. so assuming that the full add on would be 30$, and we got half of the shamans, then the add on would be 15$. don't know if that has happened in other campaigns, but it would be nice :)
itm gents and ladies, i see that the mighty thor is among us. but but! where's me goats?! ;-) any way nice move with the shaman, spices the game up :-) nidhogg the corpse blood drinker and fenris the bad ass hound would be nice...
@joshua yea i agree. i would love to have more sculpts and content and more gameplay. the conan campaign had more add ons and was probably bigger than this because that is an established well known franchise and vikings as cool as they are just aren't as well popular i guess. my other theory is that they are trying to figure out more monsters and what not to add on but need time to figure it out and once they do they will release more add ons to speed through this progression of sgs.
@yardswimmer it's interesting. i personally think the gameplay here might be better than conan but conan played the add on stretch goals real well, it's possible they didn't plan as many sculpts for this one, but i hope they're reading this( which is why we comment) so hopefully we can get some more awesome work for this game. i mean as it is it's great, but hel if we can get some more sculpts and gameplay for it and make them more money at the same time it's all win win for us
@joshua i agree that they probably will take up the rest or at least with one or two after if we get that far. people are asking for more add ons and monsters and what not but they are going the route of giving us what was going to be add ons for free so i think they may not have any plans to add more monsters and other content. which is probably why they like the pace it is going now cause this series will take up the majority of the remaining time.
do not like the sg because this might mean that a bear,wolf,raven shaman gonna be the next stretch goal, so we see nothimg new until 700k :-(. i think this would have been a better addon.
we working now our way trough an other addon. this is great! really like it. after that an other nice monster or whatever! really looking forward for this game!
yeah they're running this tight, only 2 weeks, i think when 48hrs hits there'll be some action with add-ons, but oddly with out add ons the shamans will probably take up all the remaining sg's until then
hrrm, still no add-ons to spend money on...
@joshua yea this game looks great so far and i would love more content. i don't know if we will get any more gods since they said that was now complete but maybe some more monsters and another clan. a sixth clan seems like an add on anyways so not sure why they are holding it back if they actually have it planned. well actually they could release it when it hits 48 hours to go since from what i am reading that's when the activity really picks up. so putting out when that gets going will make it look even more popular then it already would be during that stretch and pretty much guarantee it staying near the top of any popularity search. i hope the rest of the shamans come through on the sgs and the fifth and possible sixth clan also have theirs as well included. that would be awesome.
+1 joshua
@yardswimmer i agree i think they are too. i love the free sgs, i'm all in to push this game over the top and get some cool add ons when they come, hope they do, really want an awesome fenrir and nidhogg...
many have asked about getting separate giant/troll figures, but there hasn't been any promising affirmative answer.
nothing as yet for additional figures. $75 for a whole additional set... ;)
i may have missed it if someone else has asked, but is there any chance the miniatures will be made available as an add on? i'd love a second set for painting and rpg's...
they may be holding back add ons to see how far the campaign gets. like they said the gods and now these were going to be add ons but they changed their mind since we blew through the others quickly. they could have more things that they want to use as add ons and will do it at the last day or two if they don't think it will keep increasing.
i think it is. still we're getting a lot of bang for our buck at 75$ but i for one would double it in a heartbeat for some additional game play expansions and impressive monster sculpts
i  agree, but with conan we had a reason to pledge more  i wonder if the lack of addons here is slowing down pledges
@noitamies lol thank you sir
joshua speaks wisely.
this will end strong most campaigns like this do, we'll probably get the shamans, but i would pay extra for some good sculpts of fenrir, nidhogg, etc. monster sized. hel i more than doubled my pledge on conan right at the end and i wasn't the only one. this is a great game with some add ons(don't have to be exclusive now) it could ramp up for a real fine finish!
hoping to at least get the full shaman set but after watching kicktraq the last few days its starting to look unlikely, hopefully it it picks up again kicktraq was showing blood rage at over a mill for a while then over the last few days its dropped down to 737k estimated total
but... and fenrir and nidhogg? please, put them also like add-on. there is no ragnarok without fenrir and nidhogg :(
@benjamin, the three cards will probably be drafted through the regular deck and act as clan upgrades giving you specific bonusses when playing shamans. hence more cards than shamans.
@cmon i am curious about the numbers on the stretchgoal. so there are 3 cards that can give shaman, but only 2 shaman. why are they not the same? just curious about mechanics, thanks for your time.
so as others speculated i'm guessing on unique sculpts for each clan as well.
as i read it, the statement about sharing sculpts are based on how we can already play with shamans should we only reach 1 sg. the statement about sharing sculptures are specifically commenting on the playability of one sg. or at least as i read it:-) "with the figures and cards contained in this stretch goal you'll already be able to use the shamans optional rules, albeit not in its complete incarnation, and with clans sharing the same shaman sculpt."
it is 2 shamans models, but only one sculpt. am i right?
i can't for the life of me figure out why they are holding off on add-ons. it seems fairly certain that a 6th player expansion is coming, but why would they wait until the last minute to reveal it? i know it isn't the last minute yet, but we are in the final third of the campaign
well, if you're right donn, we are aiming at $160k of sgs ($40k each sg). i really hope you are wrong. at $20k a day, we are short of $60k for the next 5 days. not much left for other nice stuff. :(
or at the very least, more than 2 total.
definitely looks like we're aiming for 2 shamans per clan.
yay! just got an eb pledge. woo hoo!
call it being excited captain matt, i guess it's the k.s. fever that brings about delusions of things to come!
opps slepd dat wrong. sorry daniel
@daniei desmarias. i was wondering the same thing. thanks for speaking up.
@daniel its cool.  it was nothing official but as i mentioned it did seem to give the impression that all clans would get one.   . another thing to note is that we have only seen 3 of the shaman age cards.  each shaman card will be associated with a particular god and we know there are current 6 gods.  so that means there will be at least 3 more different shaman cards.
@captain matt i like your idea with the cards. i didnt want to start an argument. was just asking if i've missed some official infos because it seemed a long shot to unveil 4 sgs on shamans and they did say in the update that we will get through the shamans very soon. thats why i was confused.
@steve its more of a "mystery" just like everyone knows that the butler did it.
@daniel if for some reason this project stopped getting any money right after this goal unlocks yes, players would then have to share the shaman.  however the sharing would be done via the drafting of the cards that get included in each age.
hmmmm, the mystery will continue for another $35k!
ok, so its an asumption based on the name cmon gave to the shamans. nothing official says that there will be shamans for each clan. thats what i wanted to know. i think i would prefer only 2 shamans for the game. some kind of auctions to know who's clan receives the favor of the shaman, either by money, or conquest, or some kind of fame. it would be very interesting i think.
@daniel - if you read the update, it clearly designates these as serpent shamans. as in serpent clan. i responded more in depth about 23 posts prior to this one.
@daniel  here is a quote from the update: . "with the figures and cards contained in this stretch goal you'll already be able to use the shamans optional rules, albeit not in its complete incarnation, and with clans sharing the same shaman sculpt." . most are taking that to mean that there will be a shaman figure for each clan.  also the name of the current shaman is serpent shaman which also supports the claim of each clan getting their own shaman.
i dont see where it is written that there are shamans for every clan? did thiago said something about it or is it a collective fantasy? from what i've read, there will be 2 shamans for the game, not for every clan. i may be wrong but i cant find the official info.
just jumped in on this, the figs look amazing. can't wait to see everything in the flesh.
im pretty pleased, truth be told. i understand sg's are purely extra content and that is awesome! here's to hoping we finish the shaman set!
love the shamans. hope we can get them all.
don't get me wrong, i really like the shamans and all that they come with. i'm just hoping we can get them all. i know this has been a very low add-on ratio game, which makes a lot of people happy, but we do need something to push forward a little. i do want to keep costs down (conan & r&b killed me!), but would like to get as much of this here as possible. i am a completionist. the shame...
@gabriel - there is always a big push at the end. right now it seems we are going at about 20-25k per day. with no new add-ons, it is going to be close, but i think we make it and maybe one more sg beyond that. . . if the unthinkable happens and we don't make it to the 4th clan, i don't see how they could possibly not award it anyway. it would seriously unbalance the game one clan being shamanless.
the shaman seem cool to me! i'm just excited to see what comes next!
and there had better be some female shamans!
so, if they stay at $40k, then $700k would get them for all 5 clans.  that should be easy enough.  not sure how they'll handle them for 5th player, since i assume that the shaman will be another retail expansion at some point.
@nathan just click on manage your pledge and increase the amount by $30 then there will be a survey sometime after the close of ks to ask where you will spend it
think we'll make all the shaman sg's? hope so!
so, is the general consensus positive or negative for the shaman?
@nathan: increase your pledge in the amount of the cost of the expansion. after the campaign, there will be a pledge manager sent out which will let you tell cmon what you want the extra money to go to.
yeah, what jimmyz said. if these are sg's ($40k per shaman group) 3 more for the other non-expansion clans would be $120k.
how do i get the 5player expansion?
+1 for new gameplay video
@sibowitz - the 40k sg gets us the serpent clan shamans. 2 of them. presumably the follow up sg will be for 40k and the raven clan shamans. followed by the other 2 filling out the 4 clans. they might sg clan 5 or they could say the expansion gets it automatically.
@steve phy - huh? why $120k? don't you mean $40k. the 3 shamans all come at $540k. good sg i think at that value.
awesome stretch goal! for some reason this game didn't feed into my play style. could be because i always play a mage wherever possible. adding shamans was a terrific move. for whatever reason, having magic/mystic characters brings the game home. i'd love to see a gameplay video featuring the gods and shamans.
wow, another $120k for more shamans? i sure hope there's an add-on. that's another 1600 backers!
the new shaman sculpt looks amazing!  i love the concept and the gameplay implications they bring.  it looks like they will serve as the powerful wizard archetype within the game's theme it is also becoming clear that the complexity for this game will be modular.  a relatively straightforward base game with various modes to increase in-game options and depth of play.  i can even imagine variant game boards in the future, for bigger, epic games, or just to mix things up if relatively the same size.  that might be beyond the scope of this game but still fun to think about.  so many possibilities with this game... perhaps i'm sounding a bit hyperbolic but every time they reveal more about the game, the more excited i am about playing it!
that's what i understood as well.
@cambo - this was part of the update.  "with the figures and cards contained in this stretch goal you'll already be able to use the shamans optional rules, albeit not in its complete incarnation, and with clans sharing the same shaman sculpt. however, it shouldn't take us long to unlock this game mode in its entirety!" that certainly seems to outright say one set for every clan.
$39k more and we'll find out i guess.  it would take 4 cycles of sgs, then a wrapup with the 6th player expansion?
love this campaign, but i am so ready for another add-on.  pump it up!!
@punk - could be. @thiago had said there would be more females but not in ways we would be expecting. seems like a good guess to me.
@jimmyz i would be very surprised if the shamans were clan specific. my guess is it will work like the gods... 5 to choose from, but only 1-3 in play to chose from when you draft the card.
@jimmyz - so maybe the other clans shaman are female?
@steve - it says they are serpent shamans. i take this to mean they are specific to the serpent clan.
interesting. i just realized that the all female serpent clan is getting male shamans. of course they have to have males around somewhere.
i read the shamans as being non-clan exclusive, "these warrior-shamans will be a boon to any clan able to recruit them! with the figures and cards contained in this stretch goal you'll already be able to use the shamans optional rules, albeit not in its complete incarnation, and with clans sharing the same shaman sculpt." unless there's going to be clan specific special units, that could be cool. any mystical ruminations thaigo?
@jason perkinson: yes, we should have demos going on at gencon.
it would be tremendously helpful if they got that group to playtest with the added aspects. show us a 5 player game with the extra monsters and god rules and the shamans. . . i can understand not wanting to do that earlier as it telegraphs the sg, but now there is no reason not to. . . :-d
@pete with eric lang's resume i expected nothing less. and i wholeheartedly agree this game has piqued my curiosity. adding a new game impacting tool (no offense flokki....i mean shaman) this late in the ks is awesome.
@thiago aranha - cmon will we be able to play test or see the game at gen-con? this year.
@pete it was actually the gameplay of this that put the biggest smile on my face. the absolutely beautiful figures were just a massive bonus for me, but yeah there's a bunch of figure collectors here
right. i know this is a group of mini collectors generally, but the gameplay is becoming more interesting as well.
@thiago - boo. . . that cursed magic 8 ball of yours. and here i was going to make you a blood rage embroidered polo for gencon. . .
@daniel - i imagine the remaining clan shaman are an inevitability. my guess is once we hit the 540k needed for this one. they'll release the next one and the 6th clan add-on at the same time. assuming the sg remain @ 40k each for the different clans. that's an extra $120k needed to get the remaining 3 clans. at $30 dollars, if all 5,750 backers bought the 6th clan it would add $172,500.00. cmon has to assume not everyone is going to purchase it so, giving themselves a $50k cushion makes sense.
@pete - don't take my word on the next 4 sg. i am basing that on the path things have been going on. when we got second sculpts for the 4 clans it was one at a time, one after the next. same with the 6 gods. . . @thiago would be the one who "knows" about the sg that are to come, but he has been notoriously tight lipped so far.
@daniel: yes, you can collect all 3 "chosen" upgrades, making your shamans ultra resourceful. you'll still only have 2 shaman figures, though.
@jimmyz johnston: *shakes magic 8-ball* "don't count on it"
@raghnar - eu shipping is from germany, so yes.
this project can become eu-friendly ?
you only can have two shamans, but can you have more than two "chosen" upgrades? will we see shamans from the remaining clans?
ok, so if i understand, the next series of sgs will get us two each of the shaman dudes, a pair for each of the 4 main clans.  if met, would the pair of shamans be added to the 5th player expansion automatically?
hmmm. . . interesting sg. . . it does telegraph the next 4 sg as well. one for each clan. . . . gonna be a 200k ride to get these puppies for the whole game. . . starting to think they may not do the back side board sg. . . i am still optimistic about it though. game on @thiago. i am patient, i can wait. all the way til next tuesday if need be!
@andres: you guys worry me.....   :-p
great new sg... great miniature. next one... big female voluptuosus monster!!!
@bruce hansen: epic high five of metal!! \m/
@thiago totally psyched for this sg and the future pieces of this expansion. *virtual high five* (manowar plays loudly in the background and thunder claps as the high five makes contact)
i cast my vote for another female clan.  it's the only way i'm gonna get the rest of my group to play this game.
@heather schwartz: you tell me?! :-p
ks is way too stressful.
interesting sg.
floggi's??
@paul sousa: we'll get there, never fear. good things come to those who wait.
awesome sg! this game is going to be great!
seems like an interesting sg.
that's a mighty nice looking sculpt!
@thiago - shamans look sweet!  know what would get them unlocked real quick?  a sixth clan add-on! :)
well, didn't expect that sg :)
thunder and lightning came crashing down! shook the earth and split the ground! fire burning high in the sky!!!
god of thunder!!
no one can stop a viking!!!!
for the god of thunder!!! new goal!!!
cushion met, lets do this!
thoooooooor
i hope the update comes soon because https://www.youtube.com/watch…
so come on! stretch stretch!!!
yay!
yes! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
isn't it a $400 cushion before updates tho?
guess they'll wait for a bit before they give us the next goal to make sure we have got a bit of a buffer (against trolls).
channeling tom cruise: "show me the stretch goal!!!!!!!!" ;)
thunder, thunder, thunder god hoooooooo.
here we are!!!!!!
oooo over $500k bam!!
spill the blood! release the thiago! na na na na na na naa-aah! thunder!
just need 2 more backers so we can unleash thor...
499.7....almost lol
@ub3r - i wouldn't complain if he was early.
@godfather - wouldn't be awesome if right when it turns thorsday for you that we'd hit thor's sg?
thor! odin's son protector of mankind ride to meet your fate your destiny awaits thor! hlödyn's son protector of mankind ride to meet your fate ragnarök awaits!
so close!
my cet clock says 23 minutes 'till thorsday.
ahhh only $500-ish left!!!!!
bwahahahahahah!
and another $30 prepares you for the 6th clan add-on... just saying ;^)
and another $25 gets you the exclusive art book... just sayin' :p
another 30$ gets you the 5th player expansion. just saying! lol
welcome @theodore. for the glory!
there, i just put my $75 for the game.
@dan no problem, was something i wondered about as soon as the 5th clan was announced lol, woulda sucked to been the one player at the table with cardboard discs
@bruce - thanks!  i went back and looked and yes there was an update stating that, my bad.  :)
clouds are gathering, rumbling in the sky.
@dan yes, for backers exclusively
freebird open
eb opening imminently, i'm spending the money elsewhere.
are the 4 cardboard tokens in the 5th player expansion upgraded to plastic now as part of the $230k stretch?
thooor!!!
@ub3r......sir, i do not have the money, doubloons, pounds, yen, gold, dinarii or loot to fund this venture...but i will like to invite all my fellow vikings to help me raid and pillage and what not to get the necessary amount to fund this for the next 6 days :d
@john - if you don't want to wait, go ahead and up your pledge by $2,000 ;-d
and on ks 6 days is a long long time yet
so sooo soooo cloooose
is it just me or is this like the longest wait for 2k? i need some more of these amazing minis. a 6th clan would be great whether its just for aesthetic changes or gameplay. these have to be some of the best mini's ive seen and the game looks solid so far cant wait to play when i get back!
closer...and....closer! the hair on my arms is standing up, thor is set to arrive!
@ron pulling from my earlier comments and others who have mentioned it as well.  i hope we get the double sided board for the next stretch goal with our last clan as an add-on.  the back side of the board would be some of the other norse realms.  they would have 8 provinces with village values of 4(3 of them), 5 (3 of them), and 6 (2 of them).  if you do the 9th province it would have a village value of 7.  this would keep all of the games core mechanics in tact while still providing the scarcity of places to invade.
@justin - i would love to see the 6th clan pop up too, but i wouldn't get any hopes up with all their design/art/rules already finished in regards to changing anything with how the game functions.
i really hope they have support for 6 players if/when the boar clan is available. it would be pointless to add another optional faction since they don't even have unique abilities anyways (still hoping they change this to give each clan its own flavor)
i would be game for add ons to buy more minis. they wouldn't  really be needed for the game, but man all of these are great and i wouldn't mind buying a second set of some of them without having to pledge for a second game. although i might anyway. also storage would be cool.
less than 2k to go for thor! i'm curious what the next sg will be!
@liam + 1.that will avoid zip bag or shoes box.
dv8 had a great idea! a storage solution as a stretch goal! painted minis need to be kept safe!!!!
sometimes i think i hear the squeeking wheels of the thundergods chariot as well schwartz. but alas -  i wake up and realize that it is just my 2 year old daughter driving across our apartment floor on her 3-wheeled bike leaving chaos and havoc in her way...
see ya tomorrow, hope i can sleep for the approaching goat steed thunder ;-)
@brad.i backed cryptozoïc but i canceled my pledge.ok there à lot of sg but i think the game will quickly be boring.
oooh. yes. give me a supersized gaming table and let me place bonsai ygdrasill in the middle. for glory!
@godfather lol buissonnet is a small tree kind of bonsaï.also bonsaïthom is my alias.
how about a sg for a super sized gaming table that simply has the player boards built into the table out of inlaid wood. maybe the legs of the table could be made to look like ygradisil roots. that might up the shipping a bit though.
@asatru i did the same thing. i wasn't impressed by the quality of the miniatures and cryptozoic is hit or miss when it comes to games.
don't worry, i'm sure that cmon has several other kickstarter projects we'll need to take out a loan for. :p
@brad - yeah, i was in on that other "big ks", but the whole thing left a bad taste in my mouth from the beginning so i dropped my pledge this morning. other than the theme and ip, i'm not sure the game itself is really going to be that interesting.
last non-serious suggestion : a bonsaï yggdrasill
common guys, all the game is built like that we can't experted more soldier. but we can asked for another viking's god or giant monster.
@don. if you increase one dashboard you increase all five or six. that's a bit of table real estate.
@godfather - true.  i guess the low price point also keeps the final project numbers from being so high.  it's hard to get astronomical numbers when the game is only $130 for everything (vs upwards of $600 for conan).
supersize the armies : 10 leaders & 80 soldiers (20 different models) per clan.
yes, my wallet is hurting badly
asatru - it's a 2-week project. i don't know a lot of projects that have 5,000+ backers and $500k after 7 days.
@asatru there is another big ks ending tonight so we should see this project start to pick up.
supersize the ship miniatures :-)
i'm disappointed this game hasn't gotten more backers/support.  i really thought it would fly.  maybe peoples wallets are still hurting from conan?  i know mine is!  i still jumped on this game too though.  as much as i spent on rum & bones and conan...$100 for blood rage is a steal!
maybe throw a burger in the box. stuff has a tendency of supersizing things...
new sg. supersize everything but the minis. then the cards will fit the dashboards which wont dwarf the board;-)
@skritter - maybe not that big.
if they increase the card size. then the clan dashboards would need to be super sized to half of you game table.
funding moving fast right now.  1000$ in 30 minutes.  hoping for this pace to continue and the thundergod will awaken in just 1,5 hours!!!
less than 3k. very exciting what the next stretch goal will be?! hopefully a super cool add-on as well.
perhaps as an idea for a stretch goal (or add-on): a proper insert that allows for storage of painted mini's and sleeved cards?
so close!! thor!!!!
@punk heres hoping for a sg to increase card size lol
@thiago - maybe when you give us the sg to increase the card size, the bigger cards could have the norse monster names on them!
mini sized cards? aww shucks. another game i'll need my glasses for :(
@noitamies: cards are mini-sized, like zombicide. with the exception of the god cards, which are tarot-sized.
@the schwartz that... rocks... : )
awesome @grimr all to destroy my sleep ;-)
anyone knows what size are the cards, they might need to be sleeved?
the schwartz, i think you mean https://www.youtube.com/watch…
here's a viking themed book on ks i would love to see get funded. hoping some of you might be interested.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/avalkauskas/seith-and-sword/description
@punk cool midieval sound there, my sleep will be destroyed for sure ;-)
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
arrrgghhh! the sound of the goat steeds will for sure destroy my sleep ;-)
yes but:https://m.youtube.com/watch…
+1 for nidhoggr and fenrir, after thor....
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
5 seconds between lightning and thunder. thor must be about 4k away.
it's more https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ the schwartz no i can't hear any thunder, but i can taste the metal: https://www.youtube.com/watch… ;-)
i can feel electrostatic. ..thunder is coming
wasn't baldur dead by then?
they should do balder, and sif as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
oh yes!
lets get some ac/dc "thunder" going!
4k limit reached, can you sense the thunder? ;-)
there are some cool suggestions in these comments, maybe there could be an addon or a later expansion maybe?
less than $5k to thor! excited for what the new sg will be! @ helix i like all your suggestions! all of them would sit very nicely with me. if we get a giantess i hope she's modeled on angrboda (mother of hel, fenrir and the midgard serpent).
@ helix great idea about hel!
lots of good stuff on these sgs, but a game about ragnarok would feel out of place without fenris, hel and the midgard serpent. of course there is a sea serpent already, so that has in a way been taken care of but with a different game mechanic since players control it. a hel miniature would be awesome. perhaps she could send dead warriors to helheim instead of valhalla to negate some of the quests gaining from dead warriors of factions?
i know, but still, arcadia was also shipped from germany anf there were multiple problems with customs
@simona - yes, they have a hub in germany.
maybe this is a stupid question, but is this project eu friendly? because i found that some european backer had to pay customs for his arcadia quest and it was also shipped from german hub
take a look.
although much has been said about the hammer of thor, i must say that the butt end looks like, a pair, a sack, some nuts or scrotum. weird.
thor by the end of the day. easy.
@jeanrlavoie & simone - i think it's ok if cmon doesn't give us another stretch goal update until we unlock thor. we're almost there and steadily gaining backers. blood rage is #5 on the kicktraq hot list. it would be more helpful if they interacted more in the comments on all their projects. @cmon - please let us add more monsters to our pledges. either that or make them non exclusive. these aren't like the sea dragon or kraken/tentacles from rum & bones. giants and trolls are useful to have in groups for lots of games. these sculpts are amazing! i gotta get more than one each.
@donn : i know i suggested the same thing a couple of days go ;-)
less than 7k for the god of thunder! yes
+1 for nidhogg & fenrir ! please cmon, give us updates!!!!
because i asked her nicely @donn
@godfather - why is freyja twerking?
(in unrelated unfortunate news, oathsworn have informed me that the odin & sleipnir miniature is no longer available 'cause the molds wore out. they're pondering another ks for new molds and for the freyja & hildisvíni mini, but nothing in the near future.   (just fyi if you're a miniature enthusiast; these are complicated metal minis that will require some experience for assembly and painting.) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/oathsworn/project-pantheon-1-odin-lord-of-asgard/description https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/oathsworn/project-pantheon-1-odin-lord-of-asgard/posts/855801
i kinda like that this ks is keeping to theme. would be cool to see other games with different mythologies. greek aztec, chinese. would make for some amazing minis.
fenris is a must... freki and geri would be nice along with a mounted odin and thor as add ons
@danimal - excellent!  glad to see my evil plan working.
saw others mentioning this during the ghostbusters kickstarter.  backed for a game + 5th expansion!
(+$500 troll buffer)
@jeanrlavoie - we're only about $7k from thor.  we'll get an update then for sure.
+1 for nidhogg & fenrir ! hope to see the godness hel also...
please cmon, give us an update! tell us about your plans!!! i fear we may loose backers otherwise! your silence is stressing me lol
+1 celebrity minis! an ahnuld schwarzenegger viking and a steven seagal hel warrior!
@skazz - doesn't someone have to suggest something before you can +1 it?  :p
rules and cards in french and spanish would be great deal (i'm spanish myself), but i think i prefer a dragon...
+1 for head of the kraken
@godfather +1 for flying apes and rules book + cards in french.should be great even if i speak english  ( my gamemate don't always)
i've heard some great monster ideas, but i still think we are in desperate need of a dragon.  as much as i would appreciate sleipnir, fenrir, a bunch of valkyries, and some more gods, getting nidhogg (or any of the other norse dragons) would totally make this campaign for me.
more monsters would be great!
punk - i wouldn't go that far, lol ;-)
@alex - great minds...
a winged ape would be nice
or polls. or winged apes...
at least it isn't filled with constant spamming about "real zombie viking bosses!"...
yes, i fear blood rage will forever be known for the font, add-on, and eb arguments.  ;)
oh my god again this argument between add ons??? logging out and see you later on when we can talk about the new sgs!
guillotine is a french company, so i think a french version first would be more likely.  but yes, spain and the americas are big market too, so a spanish version could follow.
what do you think about write a rule book in spanish? it is a good idea for the people who don´t speak english....like me....haha
+1 gorin... more add-ons.... we have plenty of money to spend... i mean those who can afford anyway. maybe the eb  :-)
well okay, but only the 1 for actual gameplay
two!
two!
gorin - 2 so far; 5th player and art book.
only one addon for them? what is this madness!?!?!?
@gorin - yes on the pledge manager.  maybe on the more add-ons.  thiago said there wouldn't be many.
ahhh the goats the goats! by mjölnir the precious goats! ;-)
so im assuming that since this is a cmon kickstarter there will be a pledge manager after to add more items, and since this is a cmon project im also expecting more addons to pop up.
donn - blood rage. emphasis on the rage!
scott - strange aeons absolutely needs a goat sacrifice model.
the discussions sure do get heated on this ks, don't they?
actually can we change the font to wingdings ;)
uhmmm... the m & d do look a bit weird... but not a big deal.
hey, as long as it's not comic sans, i'm happy!  now did somebody mention goats?
yes, the font is totally readable, it's not a big deal at all ;-)
the font is the only reason i'm still a backer ;-) and my lingering hope that we'll have a giant wolf at $530k :-p
maybe those people who got an early bird could have a different font :-)
about 99 more backers to go!  i hope we get there before too late tonight.
me too it's marvelous ;-)
i like the font... (would that bring the comments back on topic?)
@alex c angry, me? wow! i think its you who has it. after all, you are the one who came in the conversation, which was over by the way, and on a friendly way... until you jumped in.
daniel - wow. let's just agree to disagree. you seem to have anger issues.
@alex well, defender of the persecuted, your opinion isnt worth more than mine and the others who thinks like me. so, we agree that they have the right to claim high that they got a big deal... and i have the right to say that its nothing compare to the money we spend on a ks. i got an eb in zombicide 3 ks and what did i get? a ridiculous $10 off on a ks that cost me over $300. tell me honestly that it was a big deal. a rebate is a rebate, right, but to call that a big deal, its profondly insane.
"common, please. get back on the road.  do it for the poor folks at ks who are waiting" http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/ff/tanngrisnir_and_tanngnj%c3%b3str_by_fr%c3%b8lich.jpg
daniel - it may not be a big deal to you, but it is to others. maybe it's you who doesn't get it. someone gets an eb. good for them, right? no, apparently not, some feel they have to rain on their parade by saying eb hunting is a waste of time and that they would never lower themselves to spending time trying to save a "measly $5". to me, it just comes off as elitist and that your time is worth more than that of the guy who tried to save some money. i say congrats to those who snagged a savings, your hunt paid off!
another female, hmm. we're done with the gods afaik, so hel is out then (though it would be cool imh). maybe a female giantess? unless introducing new functionality in the game i'd guess it's either a monster or a game token in mini-form.
i want freya & valkyries that can swipe down and bring some thuuuuuuuundeeerrr ... og wait we have thor in 10k but still - need more shieldmaidens !
vikings time, i love this one :)
@gergely well, it seems @alex c didnt get the point here. we were not ridiculing the action but the importance that some peoples put to it saying out loud thats a big deal, when its not really. didnt think it would create such a long argument... but hey, its kickstarter and arguments never end... lolll.
could it be audhumla; the primaeval cow? :p
to be honest, a couple more valkyries to go with the gods of asgard might be a nice touch, i do like the figure and they are thematically appropriate.
oh yessir @punk with a marvelous burlesque front armour ;-) my ears my ears! that goat steed driven charior wheel thunder in my earssss! ;-)
i suppose grendels mom isn't from the edda?
brynhildr onna flying horse.
just to change the 5$ discusion... thiago say we will have one more female miniature but not what we have in mind... what big voluptuos female monster could be?... ;-)
well, not ridiculing, just arguing about it's importance :-) i certainly wouldn't check my screen 'just passing by', that would be just one thing too much to think/care about. peace of mind what matters most :-)
just upped my pledge by $30 to include the 5th player add-on.  c'mon peoplez! less than 10k to unleash thor!
some people want to save $5. some are a bit ocd about getting an eb if they can. in the end, what does it matter to anyone else? do they need to justify looking out for it to anyone? why get upset if someone wants to spend their time hunting an eb? ridiculing the idea of someone wanting to save some money is, well, rediculous...
can someone point me which is the play time of the game?
less than 10k to go:-)
10 k to thor... go go go
if someone wants to monitor the eb slots intensely i can also understand that for some it the thril og the hunt. to each his own:-)
it's true that this eb in particular isn't much but for many people are just 5$ less on shipping (particularly for those in europe on the whole package 5 less it's really neat) of course nothing deal changer i would have been happy in my normal pledge but if there was the possibility of snatching it well i will get that chance (and thus i got it yesterday when i was just chilling around the comment section...) so yeah why people are happy about getting a spot in the eb? because it's still saving some money (about 20$ shipping instead of 25$? well count me in) and it's likely that copies for people in eb are shipped first (that's a speculation of mine though)
i didn't constantly scan to upgrade to an eb either. checked a couple times and found it. this is the first time i have been involved in the comments of a ks campaign and i have spent way too much time reading comments here. i have enjoyed it though. i do see a point in saying that if someone sits and monitors the eb day and night waiting for one to free up it maybe isn't worth the time to savings ratio. but it also depends on how you spend your time. i am a freelance writer now so i am at my computer all day, my time is my own. . . all of us have different financial means, the one thing we have in common is a willingness to spend that money on awesome games like this one. :-)
@miguel - seriously?  we'll probably get thor by the end of the day.  with 6 more days to go, we have plenty of time to get whatever comes after.  and no, i don't feel like translating that into spanish.
google chrome + auto refresh extension on 10 second timer + glancing at my screen when i walk by or remember to = snagged an eb on a trip to the fridge a few days ago. i suggest the same for all of you.
podrían adelantar cuál será la recompensa después de thor, sería un aliciente importante,  de lo contrario no creo que de tiempo a conseguirla, sea lo que sea... una pena.
or to use the sidewalk analogy, i won't walk around staring at the sky just so that i don't see the $5 on the ground.
i'm not constantly scanning for ebs, but if i don't have one and i'm checking the comments anyway, it certainly doesn't hurt to click over to other tab every once in awhile to check for one.
@deathwarden i agree re warpaint. i couldn't afford it with arcadia quest (which i also love) - but here i reckon i would stretch to it
gergely you are spot on. jinmyz no one would disagree with picking it up. but the metaphor might not be comparable.  watching the kickstarter site like a hawk to save 5$ might not be productive for a value of 5$. i don't wish to come of as disrespectful because saving 5 bucks might be more about principal but not necessarily the most productive way to save money:-)
i'm with you @daniel on this 5$ argument. @jimmy: it's not like a bill lying on a sidewalk, but it's like if the 'eb hunters' were prying their eyes on the sidewalk at least 6 hours a day in case anyone drops a 5$ bill. sorry guys, my time's worth more that that, looking for a 5$ eb discount all day. i'll rather catch up on work and spend more time with the kids...
@jimmy to answer your question, i would certainly take it but not if i had to cross an avenue at the rush hour. you know what i mean. its money right, but not a big deal. i would not make much effort to grab it because i know that $5 isnt worh much in my world, maybe yours. i respect that if you really need it though.
i know for me swapping to the eb was a big deal. anyone that doesn't think it matters, i have a question for you. if you saw a $5 bill lying on a sidewalk, would you pick it up or leave it?
@donn it was in zombicide 3 ks... but forget it.
@lucas i said disgusting kind didn't i? ;-) arrrghh my ears, the wheels thunder in my ears! ;-)
@daniel - i recognize the name, but don't remember a thing about you.  whatever it was, can we put it behind us?
does the golden seagull count for sandwiches? then i stand corrected :-)
awright by mjölnir nearing the 10k limit!
come on @lucas coin offer at the yellow butt? ;-)
+1 lucas :)
well in copenhagen you won't get a sandwich for 5$. maybe you'll be able to get a fried sasuage without any bread though...
far from it thomas. count again.
and my lolll and :) said it too henrik
@daniel desmarais at least the eb discount compensate the bad exchange ratio in euro a bit. :-).
yep, it's not about the money as such. it just the irritating fact that i missed out on all the eb at the start due to the fact that i searched for bloodrage not blood rage on my phone when it launched, and the darn search came up with nothing :-p besides i thought my ;-) smiley indicated i wasn't too serious....
you could always get some of the worst junk food, 2 or 3 burgers of some disgusting kind ;-)
dont start it @donn. you know that you and i dont get along very well.
@daniel - where do you live that $5 won't even cover a sandwich?
i know.
i see the eb discount as a saving on the postage really-still rather have than not! :)
it made you laugh.  sounds like it hit the right note... since it was seeping with a joking manner when he said it lol
he he ;-)
lollll!!! eb club? the most ridiculous thing i've heard over here.
getting an eb gave me just enough room to get the 5th clan add-on. it didn't cover the whole thing of course, but it helped. i like me some cool games, but i'm on a budget:)
it's not the $5 it's the principle of being a part of the eb club ;-) ahh! - my ears my ears!;-)
you live in a place that is too rich for my blood @daniel!
ohh $50 on $700... big deal.
@daniel desmarais depends on how many copies you want to buy^^. 10 copies of the core game will save you $50 with a eb :-).
i dont know where you live, but here its not even worth a sandwich. :)
why is everyone hating on exclusives and add-ons? i thought the arcadia quest ks was awesome.  it's quickly become one of my favorite games, and being able to upgrade its contents has brought the game to a new level.  i would love to see upgraded tokens, dice, etc. here as well.  not to mention a "war paint" tier.
5$ is, however, lunch ;)
well. some peoples find their happiness in pennies it seems. lolll!!! $5 off, you wont get far with that. no even enough to buy an add-on. :)
@thiago would an essen pickup be a possibility? assuming no delays in production of course!
wohoooo, nicked the eb! thanks to whomever ;-) my ks life is getting more and more complete everyday ;-) all that is missing now is a giant slavering hungry lupine monster...
thanks for the eb!
having backed a lot of gaming kickstarters, including most of the ones you guys have done in the past, i'm really pleased with the more reserved list of add-ons for blood rage thus far. as such, i'm bumping my pledge up to include the stuff that you guys do have available.
please-no goats! xx
eb about to open up!
@schwartz the chariot would be awesome as an add on to the asgard expansion. you'd assume the gods would take things more seriously and involve themselves directly with the battle if it is being waged in their backyard.
@thiago mayhap blood rage: asgard falls will be our next ks campaign? - feel free to use the name ;)
well well @rudolpho what about somthing along the lines of : http://zac.calgarygamers.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/2014-11-08-11.41.40-e1415509822865.jpg my ears - my ears! by mjölnir the chariot wheels thunder in my ears! ;-)
@rudolfo da fonseca: those sound like cool possibilities for future expansions.
@punk a giant wolf with a god's hand 'tween his jaws.
@schwartz your steely focus and never ending hope for thor's chariot is impressive, but i just don't physically see how it would fit on the board. @thiago will we get the opportunity to wage glorious, bloody war in asgard, hel and realms beyond the ones currently on the board?
eb open.
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/75/john_bauer-tyr_and_fenrir.jpg
what has 4 legs, 2 eyes and one hand?
them thundering chariot wheels are getting on my nerves ;-)
@kelmantor think hound of baskerville were wolf like snarling with barred teeth :-)
@the schwartz; i would much prefer fenrir.. although i´m not sure how to make a mini that doesn´t just look like a big dog (especially in the unpainted version, that will be on my table).. any ideas?
@kelmantor then her ferocious dog garm must be included. still hallucinating can help imagining the thunder of the goat steed driven chariot... ;-)
come to think of it, there are so many cool characters in the norse mythology.. i really hope we get some more.. maybe an expansion in the future? :)
three troublesome offspring of loki... could be fun.
@thiago... hummmmmm... a female "voluptuos" dragon?... no one have that in mind... ;-)
if you don´t know who hel is - check out http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hel_%28being%29
@thiago... i´m chearing for a hel mini :-d
less than 12k until thor
@thomas winkler: let's please not get games mixed up in this comment section. there will be an update once we have clear information. @the collector: there is at least one more female in the plans, though it might not be exactly what you have in mind.
@thiago the first container of z3 reached germany last week and the next 3 container will arrive tomorrow. will there be an update soon? i know wrong game, but since i'm a late backer i'm not allowed to write in the z3 comments^^.
he he @andres, i must remember to mention the vague sound i goat steed driven chariot wheels that haunts my mind... ;-) but hey, i guess i might end up sculpting/building it myself...
@the schwartz... +100
@andres voluptuous amazon giant or... ;-)
@ the collector... new valkyries is ok... she can help us fight against the... femalebigtrollmonster...;-)
@thiago - i thought it unlikely, but i wasn't sure how much time was built in for shipping. seems like that would take quite awhile to send out 6000 packages. i know with zombicide 2 they made a big deal with a release at gencon. wasn't sure if cmon was planning a big release there this year like that. seemed like this would be about the right time, but not quite
@thiago as ask a couple of times, any chance of more female vikings and alternate valkyrie sculpts? i could live without more big monsters and instead more female alternate sculpts and some valkyries.
wazzat! @andres female... big monsters.? ;-)
@pressureman... enemys females... wicth for example...
@andres - agree that we need some more big monsters :)  but we've also seen quite a lot of artwork featuring creepy-looking gals with half-shaven heads... and they could be cool to have in our games too!
@daniel +100
trollgirl?
@pressureman... we just have 1 female clan... enought for me i preffer female... big monsters... ;-)
@!jimmyz johnston: with an estimated delivery date set in september, i think it's unlikely we will have it available at gencon. stranger things have happened, though...
@thiago - not sure if this has been asked, but do you think this may be out in time for gencon? could that be a pick up option if so. . .
@thiago: speaking of the future, how do you rate our chances of seeing some more valkyries or female clan warriors before the end of this?
@thiago - just admit you are a part of the illuminati.
@francisco, sorry for killing your theory but to my knowledge gandalf simply means magic alf:-)
@francisco: or it could just be a quote i really like about the uncertainty of the future. :-)
@thiago in the last update about the strech goal beyond gods you said: "what might we find beyond the gods? even the very wise cannot see all ends." this a quote from gandalf. tolkien derived the name gandalf from "gandalv" meaning magical wand. normally in the norse mithology is referred to the odins wand or his lance, but also to the meaning of jörmungandr that means big (jörmun) gandr (wand). jörmungard is the "oroboros norse" midgard giant serpent that grasps it's own tail and encercles all the seas. jörmungandr will be unsleashed in the ragnarok and finally will poison and kill thor. you can see it in the background of thor's ilustration ;)
@daniel... ja ja ja
oh look an eb open!!! ... aaaaaaand now is gone!
that sounds almost...heretic. here in spain we had a tradition with heretics and fire...xdd
but i don't really think anyone would buy a second copy to strip out one clan worth of minis and sell the rest... would they???
however, like others have said.  they could easily release it later as an expansion (think king of tokyo style) and everyone would be happy.  maybe eric lang just needs more time to play test them or tweak them :)
@andres - you wouldn't be selling a game, you'd be selling a bunch of miniatures to buyers who want them for rpgs, etc
i'm not sure why so many people are hellbent on getting clan powers.  many games with asymetrical powers fall to the "this race is more powerful than that race" type of game.  i like the fact that everyone starts at the same level of power and that the skill/luck of the game is based off of the card draw and then character placement.
goatgate...
@francisco... i dont think you can get to much money for a game with only 3 clans at ebay...
oh yes @fontgate is resting, but what about @goatgate, i still imagine the sound of rumbling chariot wheels when i close my eyes ;-)
bruce - at least we've moved on from fonts...
if you are going to buy the 5th clan anyway is better to do it before the ks ends. this way the money helps to unlock new strech goals. if you pledge when the ks has end it unlocks nothing (except an angry wife in my case ;) is a bit tricky, at the begining of the ks page you have to push the green bar that says "you are a backer" and shows 75$. then you enter in select reward, you have to go down, to your pledge level (a green square) and click over the amount you have pledge (75$). there you can change and increase the amount of your pledge (105$ for the coregame plus the 5th clan) and later they ask you where you want to put this surplus. btw i have been thinking that the 5th clan expansions is extremly expensive for 30$ if you think that you can have 4 clans, plus monters, counters, stretch goals, cards, board, etc. for 75$... i suppose that a lot of people is going to buy two games, take one of the clans as the nº5 ( and a set of bases to paint them in other color) and sells the remaining components in ebay.
the problem is that the clan minis are too good for this game. they transmit a so differentiate background that is strange this is not reflected in the game rules.
people love asymmetric player powers... i do too but i just trust eric to have balanced the game appropriately.
@bruce hansen: maybe in 6 days xd.
@bruce - nope, just keeps grinding on...
lol this "clan powers" talk just won't die, will it?
i go out for a week and im not sure if i will have internet so... 180 pledge... 2 box and one expansion...
well i agree - if there is a way to make the abilities work they could be included as optional rules..
clan powers could be achieved using a new ruleset and generic clans cards. let me explain myself ;) you give each clans 1 or more capacity. you then put cards that allows you to build a pool of points that fits to all clans or simply a card that says "you can use your clan ability with this card". it would also be possible to put in place a little ability board (one per clan) and a points pool (mementum) that can be used to help on tracking this information and it's usage.
yeah, it's pretty much yellow clan, green clan etc. just view them as coloured meeple to be honest. the fact they are awesome minis is a bonus!
clan powers could be included as an optional rule in the rulebook, maybe.
while individual clan powers in theory sounds great (and was also tested during development), i think that symmetric clans are much better for a drafting game. otherwise you will be "forced" to pick cards to go well with your ability, thus limiting your choices..
i'm pretty sure he meant clans.
@igor - or if you did mean race, would you have the players play dwarfs or dark elves?
@igor - what do you mean by 'race', unless you mean 'clan'. if there should be something clan-specific then i think it should go on the clan sheet (and there's already a lot going on on each sheet), not on more cards. you can already customize your clans with the different upgrades and stat adjustments. and what would you put on the cards? move bonus? there are only about a dozen areas and march has no move restriction. strength bonus? i believe even a +1 could be a game changer in this game. naval capacities? your drakar can just invade a fjord and then ships can no longer move. something that reduces all rage cost for a clan? like str i think that the margins are too fine to not make this too powerful (all this from a cursory reading of the rules; i could be completely wrong). what specific cards did you have in mind?
@tim van der weyden ... i understand what you say... but for 1 that is out 10 are in for the same reason so...
but nobody here would have into the game some specific cards for every race?
finally - half way to thor.
oh yes only 16k to go! can i hear the goat steed chariot wheels of the completed thor mini and the howling? ;-)
@david; i have been thinking about that, but cmon is still a company that can't throw money at everything they want (no company can do that, otherwise it is bad business). so, i came up with something that might or might not be true; i don't really care. cmon decides to publish a game, meets a game creator and they find something they are both happy with. then cmon says, well your budget will be $xx,xxx and the creator scratches his head and thinks, "damn, with only that, i can't make it as awesome as i want it. there is no way i can get more money to work with?" cmon starts laughing and says, "you know what, we will generate the extra funds through kickstarter." ;) that is how see it and i like that. =) @andres; those exclusives at gb are one of the major reasons i backed out. especially when it comes to the evil characters of the first movie! they should be open for all and absolutely not ks exclusive. no way that i will buy gb ever. =) ks exclusives are fine, but don't do it like cryptozoic so that people who aren't a part of the ks can't get iconic characters of the movie.
yessir @andres follow the rage!
monsters rage... ;-)... i love it...
and also i'm agree that that current campaign is close to 500k just because of cmon company behind it. cmon don't need ks platform to develop games like cryptozonic needs (gb). cmon have this game almost finished, only some extra stuff like gods are on development. . about new stretch goals i hope to get fifth faction for free and sixth paying. the another sg to get double sided board to be able to play with 5th and 6th player.
@andres amen to that, brother! monster rage!! ^^
in us people can wait to buy the retail game on mm or similar online vendor with a huge discount. it does not happen outside there. . ks exclusives helps but looks to me a mistake. and don't mistake, ghosbuster is getting that because of the theme, not because the exclusives.
@andres i love ks exclusives very much but you can not compare with ghostbusters. that game did so well because of the brand. the campaign was run very poor, the shipping cost model is crap and there is not a single picture of an actual minature. i bet the quality is far behind what we get from cmon.
do you think people dont like ks exclusive? because im waching the ks ghosbusters... and all the sg are... exclusive... and they are in 1252k......wow...
blood rage...? oh, are you speaking about monster rage? xd
if the gods and the fifth player were the other way round - ie if the gods were the add-on - how many people would pay extra for the gods?
im very happy for what we have right now but as we have 6 more days... this is what i would like after thor... sg: 535k: big monster age i 570k: big monster age ii 600k: big monster age iii 640k: double sided board (for 6 players)... (i would like diferent islands and give more importance to the ships... perhaps more than one...) 680k: lot of cards add ons: (i know not everybody likes but everyone knows that helps to reach the sgs...) 6th player clan (with some big monsters) and i hope cool minis or not maker honor to his name and give us... 5 big monsters (yes... exclusive) for 25$ do you realize that i would like more big monsters?... ;-)
and your tyr to keep your tears company.
i too, know the pain of not having enough board-gaming friends. i appreciate a solo mode, but sometimes, you just have to accept that solo mode may just be you holding two or more minis and saying "clang-clang, kersmash! i'm thor!" by yourself, lit by a single candle with only your tears to keep you company.
by mjölnir! - less than 18k left to the next sg, still not running on goat steed driven chariot wheels though ;-) is that a demonic goat bleat i hear in the distance i wonder? ;-)
@hagalaz - for a co-op type of game i could see the use of a solo variant. but for this sort of strategy game you'd need a very good a.i. and i think that is out of scope for the current components and hidden objectives.
you can read the rules solo.
@hagalaz no. and i don't know how solo rules could be implemented?
are there solo play rules for this game?
monster variety is always welcomed; any adds that contribute to game immersion and fun is something i would pay extra for.
i'd love minis for monsters based off of der ring des nibelungen (the ring of the nibelung) which is based off of norse sagas and the nibelungenlied.
enough room for a big monster on the bottom right (there's un-used space at the top of the ks-exclusive monster graphic as well)
from the pillaging rewards core box picture it looks like theres exactly enough room for thor's picture over the left side and another monster on the right side bottom :d
still getting $20k+ per day.  we should unlock thor by tomorrow night.
@skritter - definitely! i'm probably wrong but i smell a man eater coming.
looks like a great quality game can't wait to play it
so what do you think the chances are of a female minion in the 6th faction... ? so, male boss, male minion and female minion?
i like to have some reason to pick the game up at ks instead of retail.  the way i usually look at it is that i want to pay less than 70% of msrp.  if it's that or less, i feel good.  if it's more than that, i start to look for ks-exclusives to make up the difference.  with a full free expansion and 3 exclusive monsters, i'm pretty sure we're there.  wouldn't hurt my feelings to know the msrp of the base game and gods expansion.  i think they said that 5th player msrp was $30.
@coralline algae, totally with you. no exclusives but simply a good deal is the best for me too. forgotten king was one of the very best ks campaign ever run. and spm listened to backers and adjusted some things, as gravy on top of it!
@coralline algae. do you mean monster big?
@bruce a nod's as good as a wink to a blind bat
i'm guessing that cmon is going to go big with the next goal.
@theodore im with ya brother. after thor's official, this deal is already sweet as-is.  (that's not to say i won't gladly accept more free things. nudge nudge wink wink say-no-more)
could be very wrong though... oh well. here to a great last 6 days or so ;)
i agree. but as is, with thor, if i got nothing else i would feel like i got an awesome deal.... that's just me but yeah... i'm just opposed to crazy amounts of exclusives. even when backing because i feel it not only hurts people like me, but cmon as well
@theodore - exactly. i hate when i miss a kickstarter and can't get some of the best pieces unless i go to ebay. forgotten king is a perfect example. i completely missed the project, but i'll be able to get everything from a normal retailer. gonna cost a bundle, but way less than ebay. besides, the manufacturer should get the sales, not the scalpers. most backers simply want a good deal.
a few exclusives for the base game, as a thank you to backers, is great. run fight or die did it well. many others do it well. 20 exclusive minis in the base game is bad because after the ks people will look and compare, as i have, and see "ks arcadia quest for 500$ on ebay, or base game minus like 30 minis for 80..... i'll go buy super dungeon explore"
for me it's not "addons" it's exclusive, game changing addons that will never be available anywhere but ebay price gougers. addons are fine, the ones they have are great, it's the idea that i can't have a full game unless i dish out a ton now or pay some ebay person who did nothing but order extra copies to extort people for profit... i'd rather support cmon and eric lang but i can only afford so much at once
@jimmyz, the gods do not look intimidating nor impressive, so if it was an add-on, i'd ignore it. now, if they would put an add-on for monsters, there would be a high chance that i would purchase that depending on the monsters going in to the pack. ^__^
@donn, i have the same numbers as you for miniatures and tokens.
@jimmyz - i would judge them by their sculpts. i'd buy them if some of the criticisms are addressed, but as they are now i'd probably pass.
maybe when he said "even the very wise cannot see all ends" . . . it was just @thiago saying goodnight. . . :-d
i have an honest question to those who oppose add-ons. with the god set already packaged and intended to be sold on its own, what would you do if it was offered as an add-on?
ok, ok... i'll go to bed now...
an winged ape gandalf? :^p ok, i'm brainstorming here... "even the very wise cannot see all ends" is a quote from lord of the rings.  could there be a 'ring' (der nibelungen) related stretch goal? siegfried & brunhilde minis? fafnir?
we need more add-ons & miniatures!!!!!!!!
a panda gandalf
"what might we find beyond the gods? even the very wise cannot see all ends." gandalf?
try this again: . 58 figures for base pledge 23 plastic tokens for base pledge 71 figures with 5th player 28 plastic tokens with 5th player
oops.  something came out wrong with the tokens.
check my math . 58 figures for base pledge 23 plastic tokens for base pledge 71 figures with 5th player 24 plastic tokens with 5th player
so what will be the final figure count when we unleash the mighty thor?
i second the add on request! ready to buy another extra :-)
yes, i admit it. i am greedy. i just can't help it.
i feel we need an optional purchase to get this moving and unlocking more miniatures.
for me it's the fact that it's eric lang, it's fantasy/vikingy, it's not chock-full of exclusives and add-ons. (and the vikings look amazing)
that's why i, and probably many others, have enjoyed this campaign.
i'm in the addons driving me away camp. and i always love the way cmon products look. just always been turned away but the insane amounts of exclusive addons. i don't mind addons... so long as they are available one day as i can't afford a r&b style campaign with crazy addons.
it baffles me too. this game has been going for 1 week and it already has more backers than all of their other games except for zombicide 2 & 3. personally, i like that they don't have add-on after add-on. that drives many backers away. i don't care for the exclusives, but i know a lot of people like to collect or resell them. i still think it would help raise
i love this game there are very few that are this well put together! totally agree with @lucas things which i would like to see either in the form of sg's or add-on packs would be any of the following:  a) bane of the gods pack "fenrir, jormungand, udgardsloki, surt, etc"  b) extra cards  c) doublesided board or other ways of expanding the board.  any of these three would make my wallet implode:-)" my wallet is begging for some of those awesome monsters and additional arian smith art!
i think it's all going rather well also. i was in from the first minute and can remember the start of the we need add ons to generate money conversations but we keep getting backers and the total keeps going up.  relax, this is the scenic train, takes in all the sights and ultimately far more rewarding than the fast train. :-)
@coralline yeah that hammer handle's coming way down for me if it stays that long. looks less "weapon" and more "lollipop" as is lol
@theodore - agree. launching a board game and pulling in 500k (which will probably be closer to 1000k by the end of the campaign) is pretty darn succesful to me...
why do so many people keep making it sound like this is not a successful kickstarter? or that 10k in a few hours in the middle of the campaign is slow? it's going incredibly well...
@timothy, i agree with you. things which i would like to see either in the form of sg's or add-on packs would be any of the following: a) bane of the gods pack "fenrir, jormungand, udgardsloki, surt, etc" b) extra cards c) doublesided board or other ways of expanding the board. any of these three would make my wallet implode:-)
strange as it sounds, i wouldnt mind another add-on pack of more monsters/cards. would also help shoot the total funding up more and thus more sg goals.
could you show us the progress of final figurines. thank you!
or speed it up by making fenris an kickstarter exklusive addon for 8$. this will create 30k in a minute ;-)
hehe, with morten mentioning the norns; funny coïncidence that adrian (smith) created this piece quite a while ago, but i think he mentioned it was for a personal project: https://www.facebook.com/artofadriansmith/photos/pb.337138306375331.-2207520000.1426024950./763323513756806/…
wounder about the stretch goal after thor. hope it is a kickstarter exklusive monster........with fur. but it will take another 24 hours until we see it i guess. think it will be 540k then, hope it is not 550k.
we're already at the mid of this campaing, do you think an add-on now would put the train back on track or it would be better in the last days of ks?
any chance we can get a war paint tier?  these figures deserve to be in color!
exactly!
this is why showing "in progress" miniatures is such a great idea. the larger hammer head is a nice improvement, but the handle could still be shorter. if it stays long we could always diy shorten the handle, so that isn't a problem for modelers.
6k and rolling, unfortunately not on chariot wheels driven by goat steeds ;-)
"even the very wise cannot see all ends." is this the norns were talking about here - a sneaky way to get rage points by forseeing the future of the game ?  .... im trying to get my brain to get to think about how this could be anything to fenris though btw am i the only one thats uses way to much time to readup on folk lore these days ;)
nope-same size as other clan members :)
thor mini is looking awesome, keep up the good work! is it big? i hope it is please say its big ;d
great news on the hammer! all hail the blacksmiths!
@zip - that would suck.  no, you can change your pledge total at any time.  you will only have one pledge for the project.
hail the blacksmiths!!
thor looks so awesome. hopefully they give us a six player expansion to boost pledges.
thooor!!!!!! great!!! let's get him!!!
thanks for your advice, seems like i misunderstood something... i thought that would add 105 dollar extra =)
and hail the black smiths :-)
looking forward to the end result of mjölnir, looking good. but dtill no chariot driven be reeatable goat steeds ;-)
hello peeps
the detail  of the gods is no problem for me ... but their posture is in most cases lacking in my opinion.
not to worry, our dwarven blacksmiths are already hard at work on improving thor's hammer! https://www.facebook.com/bloodragegame/photos/a.737353909674649.1073741828.639521432791231/786784001398306/…
thor is the best sculpt next to odin in the gods of asgard expansion! i agree though that the hammer really needs a little tweaking! overall though the mini is fantastic! can't wait to paint it!
um yea i hope these "gods" turn out to be as detailed as the original sculpts in this campaign. i understand the need to get the pictures out so people can see them, but i would prefer to wait and see them in a final detailed form.  some reassurance on this would be nice because those recent sculpts are not very inspiring. also adding some cool monsters either as sg or add ons would be cool i would definitely pay for a monster expansion if they are of the same quality as the original monsters in this campaign. still it's a very beautiful looking game(minus the recent gods)
hmmmm. . . did @thiago leave a little clue about the next sg. . . "even the very wise cannot see all ends." maybe a very large serpent? so big you can't see both ends. . .  maybe a two sided board? you can only see one side at a time. . .  maybe a 300mm mini of yggradisil? because it has to be really big and you can't see the ends because they are underground. . .
@the schwartz, very true. that's why we play board games. escapism;-)
@ludwin, most of the gods are still a work in process so they are not final
@lucas - could also be a dane whining due to the high taxes ;-)
@ludwin - gods are same scale all the scales are found in the faq - located at the bottom of the story tab
the initial minis are fantastic but the recent gods look like common folk and not epic or godlike. also will the gods be in the same scale? i would rather have more monsters and pay an add-on for better gods.
@lucas sounds right my man! but we all have dreams ;-)
@zip89 manage your pledge and type in $30 more than you already have as your pledge amount :-)
@zip89 - you pledge at the $75 level, but up the total to $105.
schwartz your living in denmark. you probably heard the sound of squeeking wheels from an old bicycle and a dog moaning do to have been eating to much bacon. very probable and typical everyday situation here in denmark...
@zip89 - manage my pledge - increase amount with no change to pledge level - save changes
yessir! now 5k up keep it coming :-)
i'm new to kickstarter... already pledged for the core game, how can i add the ram clan? just make an extra pledge worth 30 dollar through "no reward"?
this is getting crazy! let's get to $500,000!
yeah, the update states about the gods: once we manage do unlock thor, the gods of asgard expansion box will be complete!
@jason - seems like thor is probably the last god.  at least for awhile.
alright, i'm on board... hoping to see some more monster stretch goals in the future though... i'm a bit tired of all these gods.
i'm trying ;-)
but, but.. i heard it too.
@the schwartz: your hearing leaves something to be desired.
and a vague howling at the moon maybe?
;-)
4k up towards next sg gents, is that the rough sound of chariot wheels i hear in the distance eh thiago?
ack, wrong project. disregard! (sorry!)
would sending out an update help any? looks like it's going to be a close finish!
norway had the chance, but then the oil price fell and now sweden realises it would have to take care of norway in the future instead, so norway dropped the ball by being too slow :p
@lucas darn...for years we have hoped that norway would invade us. then we give up. norway has to pay our debts with their oil money ;-)
thanks zombie :)  saved me 5$!
hey guys, after the thor stretched goal, what you think will be? hope fenrir!!!!
niklas, one can't even buy a beer in a regular grocery store in your country. needless to say i don't think anyone wanna invade your country. greetings from denmark;-)
if anyone wants an eb i am dropping my pledge in 3 mins to give anyone who is online here a chance!!! good luck!!! :d
@niklas @coralline:  i see it to be fine class as long as it's done in good taste and not meant to be "insulting".  we all got a good laugh at it.  sometimes it's ok to laugh, you know?  @niklas: glad you got a good laugh out of it :)
@ coralline i'm sorry, it was meant as a joke. please don't invade my country...
good point @niklas, this way all wins i guess ;-)
@niklas - pamela anderson is canadian. *sigh* ignorance is the plague of kickstarter comments. also, insulting other nationalities is so classy.
i think that the thor sculpt looks good all in all. if the hammer will look like this i think i will cut it of and make a new one out of greenstuff...
for those of us that are underwhelmed by the god's sculpts, i think what it is, is the original models were sculpted by remy, and maybe the gods were sculpted by someone else. in all reality, the god's are pretty good sculpts, but remy set the bar so high with the original sculpts that they seem a let down. (i am just guessing that the gods weren't sculpted by remy, but the style seems different to me)
just read the update... are the norns coming up???
yep nice one @jeremy!
@ renato & jeremy, you made me laugh there. well, the hoff at least has the right hair color ;-)
@niklas - you're wrong!  we would have used yvonne strahovski!
itm! i'm with @bradley
@mikademus as a native dane i must agree. the hammer head of mjølner as we danes call it, is larger and has a more boomerangish form as shown here as an example: http://www.historiefaget.dk/uploads/tx_cliopolaroidphotoflex/thors_hammer_fundet_på_møn_1874._magnus_petersen._wikimedia_commons..jpg and why not ad a chariot while you're at it? ;-) i now that in the end it is your artistic freedom that will rule this, butihave to try :-)
@niklas, please, if you're going to insult us (i know it's a joke) at least use an attractive woman!
@niklas s:  what is wrong with that?  the german's would have used a picture of david hasslehoff :)
not all americans.
@ mikademus. the americans would have put a picture of pamela anderson as mona lisa ;-d
@brio larsen: thanks! :) it is a bit embarrassing, really. it is like making a game about leornado davinci but making mona lisa a blonde with a big grin, winking.
woohoo. just saved myself $6 by trading my original myth ks. maybe i'll add it to this just because.
@mikademus - spot on
thor's hammer is the most iconic part of the norse art, and it survives to this day in the nordic countries. it stands for courage and strength, and the game/miniature's is all wrong! first of all the handle of thor's hammer mjölner (usually spelled mjolnir in english) is short due to a mishap caused of course by loki during its forging - this is a central story of norse mythology detailing when the weapons and tools of the gods were made (odin's spear, tyr's ship, idun's apple, thor's hammer). secondly, the hammer head is shaped a bit like a elongated rhombus with flattened ends, and not square like a sledgehammer or fantasy dwarf hammer (or the marvel version). this is extremely central to viking style, and if you take artistic liberties with anything else, do not do it with mjölner!
i was wondering if the giant serpent behind thor means something or it is just decorative?
an slowly but shurely the total has increased a couple of ks while hallucinating on the missing chariot ;-)
anyway nice one @thiago ;-)
he he but the goat the goat steeedsss ;-)
@the schwartz: how about we put roller skates on thor? :-p
i really like the details on thor but...the hammer design is all wrong, it looks like something from marvel.  the hammer of thor in norse mythology is very short.  www.wikipedia.org/wiki/mjölnir well, at least you didn't give the vikings helmets with horns ;-)
@the schwartz: i have got an ox cart if it helps in any way. :)
yes @alexander i'm quite confused too ;-) and waiting for my chariot ;-)
@paul sousa: +1 sooooooo much!!!
i think the miniatures look fine! i am just happy to get them!
nice dynamic pose on that last god. and very nice that it comes in a box with inserts. and we are done with god, so maybe next we will get another awesome monster!
@max djk, +1, also it looks suspiciously like a bone of some sort-it could just be some sort of decoration? :)
@bitfrosting - what are these "colored wooden cubes" you speak of?  and why would anyone want them? :)
how important are miniatures to this game? i typically think of miniatures adding a sense of immersion to a game that is played on a map that reflects space on the same scale as the miniatures. seeing the miniatures in this type of environment adds to the gameplay, because the risks and opportunities relevant to those pieces apparent by the terrain and relative position of other miniatures. while this game looks like more fun than risk, the map is very similar in the sense that it is very abstract. my worry is that the beauty of the miniatures is preventing me from assessing the value of the gameplay, because i cannot separate the two. what do the miniatures add to this game that colored wooden cubes could not? are the miniatures preventing a great game from reaching a broader audience, because of the added cost?
point taken @max, so what about that chariot @thiago ;-)
if i may way in my 2 cents on the thor's hammer controversy. i agree that the hammerhead should be bigger, but actually the handle would be a lot shorter. the story tells that loki distracted the dwarf working on the hammer and he made a mistake and the handle was shorter then one would expect from a warhammer it's size. other then that i'm loving this ks, keep it going vikings!
i think thor looks pretty awesome already, and it'd nice to see a take on him other than marvel's.  call me an optimist too, but i trust that eric and adrian would both raise concerns if they feel any sculpts are not up to par with the rest of the game.  i will wait and see what comes in the box, but i am confident it will be top notch.
@renato great idea about making the god-pack available separately!
thoroughly = thor... love my phone's autocorrect...
calm down a little bit, perhaps?  if we get too nasty about the sculpts, they might just stop showing them altogether.
@thiago: i love to hear that you stay faithful to adrian smith´s art. :)
i think the hammer (size) looks fine.  i know some miniatures lines go for the "huge, disproportionate weapons" style, but the rest of the br sculpts have avoided this. once the details are finished, the hammer will look imposing, i'm sure. rest of the figure looks great, finally we have a dynamic-posed god!
and the next optional purchase is....
agree with thoroughly having a beefier hammer. otherwise i think it's a great sculpt :-) on the quality i think it's important to remember the gods are works in progress, the warriors have been finalised for a while. having said that, the oden mini is by far my favourite of them all. it is truly very good. rivalled only by fenris, which should be coming as a sg very soonish, i've heard ;-)
thank you thiago... i really hope those goods miniatures will be as good as the clans... or better.
@thiago, any change that once the full gods pack is unlocked, we can get it as an add-on as well? i'm sure a few people wouldn't mind getting another set or two.
okay, i think the minis are really really good, but what in...i feel like swearing here... are thor supposed to do with a hammer like that? the hammer was forged by dwarfs, but there was an "accident" and the hammer ended up having a small handle compaired the the head of the hammer. the hammer was never a metal head on a piece of wood. that hammer is an abomination. please chance the look of it, before finishing the mini.
that said, we are being faithful to adrian smith's art, so don't expect some massive cartoonish hammer. we'll make sure it feels right. and keep in mind, it's not the size of the hammer that counts, it's how you wield it! ;-p
in thiago we trust :)
ah! it says thor's sculpture is still a work in progress. and he looks as if he could be standing in his chariot holding the reins of the goat steed while swinging mjölnir. so, can we expect to see the goat steed driven chariot as a completion of the sculpt @thiago? ;-)
can the hammer be the size of thor? i need it to crush my enemies!!
we go back to 30k to the next sg... ;-) next ones another 3 big monsters for the 3 ages...
i do agree with others that the hammer needs to be larger. now, after thinking that and reading other comments of a similar nature, i went right to captain hammer "the hammer is my..." line.
hi guys, i must stress that when we a work in progress picture, it is exactly that. we just want you to get a sense for the potential of the figure. your feedback is very much welcome, just make sure it's always made in a constructive way. we agree that thor's hammer needs a little buffing up. so don't worry, mjölnir will be properly represented.
@andres - thor is a wip, as are several others.
@aaron jackson: i agree, wholeheartedly!  it seems like an awful lot to chew, and a big pill to swallow -- what's more is, they want a high price for shipping, and i live in japan, it won't be cheap.
agree with @all about the hammer but at least he is a vast improvement on the rest of the 'gods' :)
very cool that they will come in their own box also everyone should go look at this : https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1682672801/nova-aetas-dark-renaissance-tactical-game-relaunch
why i look better the vikings miniatures than the goods ones?  you have great miniatures and this game looks great. i love all clan miniatures and most of all the big monsters... but all the goods are a step behind...i really hope thor is in work progres... of curse this is just my paint of view
i think mjolnir needs a larger head, too.  i always picture it as fairly massive in my head.
still no 6th clan add-on to fuel the sg further though :(  not that i am complaining.  the less add-ons we get, the more likely this will ship on time!
@timothy, i hear ya. i'm just upset at the cost. i feel the game is just now worth their asking price, especially for the mass hysteria level. i came here pleasantly surprised at what i get fro 105.
i'm again with steve- it does not look like it was created by dwarves.
fenris, fenris, fenris...ad infinitum
@gergely - i think your question is clear.  i just don't know the answer to it.  that really is something that thiago should answer.  i think he misunderstood your original question.
@thiago aranha - cmon: what would be the retail price for the gods expension?
good point
i know the thor model is a work in progress but my 2 cents says the hammer should be a bit bigger. he's not hammering nails but nailing frost giants. thoughts?
daaaang, thor is very nice. i like him!
@heather schwartz: the gods of asgard box will contain all 6 gods and their cards.
sounds like thor is definitely confirmed as the last god.  on the other hand, i suppose they could throw some ks-exclusive gods at us for future sgs.
@heather - all the god's will be in that box - it is now an expansion....
i love g.b. but, i'm not really sold on the gameplay.  unlike bloodrage, and conan, i see myself playing these for a long time to come.  thanks for the feedback, i appreciate it!
is thor the only one in a separate box?  has everything else fit in one?
thor's hammer needs a redo, not sure a bone handle looks appropriate, and it is way too small of a head.
i am ghostbuster game backer buy i drop my pledje to 1 $, there are a lot of estrecg goals but i think npt enought for 1 million dolar,
i am ghostbuster game backer buy i drop my pledje to 1 $, there are a lot of estrecg goals but i think npt enought for 1 million dolar,
thanks guys for the input! having written a dissertation in english made me feel i have certain grip on the language, but you've proved me otherwise. while usually i don't like over-explaining things, seeing the buzz here, i think the stream of endless comments might bear my contribution :-) so i made a few quick scans to show you the distinction of the two finishes i was talking about: http://1drv.ms/1gohhn0  (click on the thumbs to enlarge) look for the faint texture of the pictures named as *linen finish.jpg those are the ones i think are awesome, but the others are ok as well. which one is the closest to cmon's products? (i am guessing the *normal finish.jpg pics.)
@timothy. i did, still getting it, but damn if it isn't really expensive compared ti this game and mm board game......also....i love gb.
i wondered.  i think i like the concept more than anything, but i'm just not in love with what i've seen.  don't get me wrong, the minis look great, and they have a fair amount  of content, but....
thor looks great!!!
@timothy - looked at it, but am not fond of the visual design, and the gameplay is too similar to all the other dudes-on-a-board co-op games i already have (or have pledged for). besides, a friend is already pledged for it :)
it definitely comes across as 'cheesy' to me in comparison to so many of the other quality games that show up on here.
@timothy - i'm there, but i'm planning on dropping.  i've been feeling less excited by the gameplay and the campaign has been a huge mess.
yeah, i am looking at ghostbusters too.  lots of stretch goals reached so it could be worth it.  but i have not been able to decide yet either.
@timothy - not my genre so i have no opinions on it.
i'm not a fan of any cryptozoic games... i didn't even bother looking at the ks page for that game.  they are not famous for making great quality games.  they usually just slap a theme onto cardboard and try to sell it.
on a different note while we wait, i was considering on pledging for the ghostbusters game, but i'm having some reservations about it.  anyone else besides me?
buffer met, lets get this update going! *twitches*
well, it's as good as wohoooo anyway! tor next?
i think $398 is a nice buffer.
oh, well... girlfriend has arrived. i'll read about it later then. pledge on, for the glory!
i bet showing the next update would obliterate whatever the pledge trolls are trying to achieve.
@thiago - you show up and the trolls seem to follow.
damn you and your buffer!! damn you to valhalla...oh, no wait, that would actually be a reward. just kiddin' ;)
considering it hasn't moved for about 5 minuyes is indicitive that cmon needs to chum the waters with a new s.g.!
alas, we wait for the buffer.
the horn is sounding! the guardian is at his post!
@punk watch that f5 finger of yours, only saying ;-)
added another $30 to be sure..
quick, everyone up your pledge by $5 :p
@thiago - my f5 key is suffering...
makes you wonder if thiago waits to start writing it until we get the sg goal.  procrastination fix and buffer for pledge trolls.  it's a win win!
the suspense is a killer!
@ub3r : rules that give us an excuse to add in berserker minis, of course :^d
the way this has been creeping along, if thiago needs a good size buffer we may not see the update for an hour. :0
i think $400 buffer is customary.
well, it'll likely be thor and the next paid addon for the next update.
belated woogoo!
not sure what "berserker rules" are, care to explain?
@ub3r_n3rd: i hold on my estimation, that the final result of the pledge will be 851.666 !
how much of a.buffet do they need?  c'mon cmon, let's goooo!
@ub3r - a similar cmon 14-day project xenoshyft ended at $242k with ks add-ons but without a significant number of minis.  we've already beaten that total in half the time with only 2 add-ons so yes, $800k-$900k should be doable.  now if they offer us berserker rules, all bets are off...
thor would be epic, just hope he's sculpted as nicely as the regular vikings.
i'm with steve- bring us the odin son!
if they need to improvise, i suggest heimdall's neck for the next sg. just kidding!
boom, bring on thor!
my initial guess as to what this project would end at $800k +. thoughts?
lol @ godfather
@godfather - ha!  thiago requires a troll buffer before we get an actual update.
it is strange because the updates should be at 20 now but they keep showing 19 :^(
@donn & @ub3r_n3rd : caching? company firewall?
ok.  killing the tab and opening the project in a new tab seems to have resolved the problem.
this was a hard work. hopefully the next sg rocks. and perhaps an addon ;) we are over halftime.
woit
@donn, i see the same kind of thing, but not with backers just the $48 away.
update please! :d
yes yes swing the hammer!
yeah! finally!
woohoo!!
interesting.  i've got a glitch where refreshing shows that we are $50 away, but within a few seconds, we drop 7 backers.  refreshing puts it back up for a few seconds.  anyone have a solution?
bazzzinga!
@gergely and the cards are of a nice smooth quality.
last time i checked, about 30 mins ago, there were 5445 backers. so it's still going forward.
@gergely vasvari - all game boards i own from cmon are sturdy, without any warping.
by the gjallarhorn, silence before thunder! ;-)
back up!
and now there are two missing. someone dropped... :(
dropped down again! :(
there is only missing one backer!
so close, so close i can sense the mighty hammer flying ;-)
any chance a stretch goal will upgrade the board to a larger map? or maybe another map to play on?
i personally would prefer the goat steed driven chariot, but thor in any form is what i expect. the clouds are gathering i feel by mjölnir!
come to daddy, heimdall!!
443 left
the valyrie horse rider in the artwork looks very nice :-)
so help me thor, just bought the poetic and prose edda on ebay, it had to be done ;-)
would love to see a mounted figure here for the next stretch goal.
@luis: thanks, i guess you sent the answer while i was typing the clarification. so my question is still open: could experienced cmon backers tell me about card & board materiel? not in terms of good or bad but rather the type of finish?
where is the horse and the rider? where is the horn that was blowing?
punk - congrats! the hunt pays off!
know only 788, better stay up late ;-)
and well deserved too ;-)
congtratz!, @punk
$1,033 'till gjallarhorn, the horn resounding...
i can finally take a bath... tmi?
yes!!! an eb backer is me!!!
a cut-out-and-fold skidbladnir.
or a beautiful token
http://application.denofgeek.com/pics/film/aib04.jpg
thor is coming
a multi-part, multi-stretch goal giant fenrir.
thor of course
someone mentioned ratatoskr.
any guesses for the next stretch goal?
almost only 1.5k left if we don't get out of the way he must enable mjölnir as alternate abs in the chariot ;-)
@gergely vasvari their quality is amazing. i personally own zombicide: prison outbreak, some extra packs from that game and i just ordered the season 1 tiles and toxic city mall expansion.
sch
@scgwartz - let's hope the next update is very controversial, so some early backers drop out :^d
@thiago: thanks for the swift reply. maybe i was not 100% accurate. i am not worried about the game being low quality, but am interested about your choice of materials. and yes, i'm not familiar with cmon's products, so somebody please enlighten me :-)
be ever vigilant @punk, be ever vigilant ;-) and good luck
@gergely vasvari: the component quality of the print material will be in line with our other games. if you're not familiar with them, hopefully other people here can attest to their quality.
i think that add ons whith cards in another lenguajes is a good idea, for example in spanish :-)
@thiago: good to have you back! while you're at it could you shed some light on component quality? i'm thinking about card & board, as we could see on the gameplay video that the minis have awesome detail (assuming that those guys weren't playing with master sculpts :-)  ). so do we get common cardboard with glossy finish or matte linen finish cards & board & tokens (which i'd rather have)? sorry if it was cleared earlier but i couldn't find my answer in the last thousand comments. i'm surprised no one mentioned sleipnir as a wanted monster, but still i think it would be a great addition to the others - like a highly mobile unit. +1 for correcting the letter "m" in the typeset, as that seems to be the problem for most complainers and i also found it confusing +1 for correcting some god figures (frigga's and loki's face and also giving tyr and heimdall some neck) and also +1 for having proper norse names for the creatures, instead of 'sea serpent' and so - in a similar manner odin would have been 'the great one eyed father'
yep, exactly what godfather punk just stated. better to pledge what you can now and help get more goals broken so that you (and everyone else) gets a lot more stuff in the end for the same $75 price tag.
less than 2,5k
@william - you can, but funds pledged after the ks ends don't count towards stretch goals
could i pay the add-ons afterwards through the pledge manager together with the shipping? i just don't want to keep updating what add-ons are coming so often...
@schwartz - i almost had one this afternoon, but by the time i clicked somebody else had taken it. right from under my nose..
@renato, i know that, but they are pretty far along already and you can see that they aren't as well done as most of the other things. not a complaint though, just a critique as to the high quality of the rest of the figures and where these two in particular stand in my eyes.
i thin only odin sculpt is in the same level of the base set...i also have no problem with the font...
@punk if you haven't scored that eb yet i    think now's yer chance, the total pledge level is growing but strangely  fluctuating ;-)
@ub3r, lucky for you both tyr and heimdall are still works in progress.
nope, no problem with font, capitalization, or type or anything along those lines. my only critique thus far is that a couple of the gods aren't sculpted as well as the rest of the figures in this project. like all the vikings are awesome to me, but a couple of the gods are very bland (heimdall and tyr). i know nothing can be done about it at this point with them already have been paid for as far as the sculpting goes and perhaps even the more expensive tooling, but something to keep in mind for next time.
i have no problem with the typography.
thank you for the quick response.  $105 pledged now and looking forward to being able to play the game with 5 players!
@vincent vda i guess my typo was theme relevant too! seriously though i am really enjoying reading the fate of the norns rpg  and want to see that novel get published too.  the fotn corebook has an awesome graphic style and i highly recommend it from a viking background perspective.  tons of info on the gods and heroes all presented in a great graphic style.
hi everybody, this time a properly posted  proposal for a face b boardgame introducing a 6th player : http://postimg.org/image/6z1ed3lvh/ and the bbg post, with the proposed 6th player variant rules: http://boardgamegeek.com/article/18588851#18588851
@thiago ; add-on idea : set of cards in different languages. i'm ready to back more to have french components. and many others backers can do the same. i know there's some contracts for translation, but it's not the same public (the whole game in retail and only text components). if you propose this type of add-on, you will boost the ks project with add-ons, and with gamers that hesitate because of languages problems. sorry for my very bad english :p
hello there,why don't add some specific starter cards for the races?just to give much more details to a single race?for example: at the begin of the game..every players can choose a single race cards between three available.could be and idea?
@greg - yes. @thiago thank you for the reply, that's really what most of us were expecting, really. if it keeps coming up though, you might wanna put it in the faq... :p
@lance - i never said the rules were faulty. and i wasn't saying there was something inherently wrong with them. i was trying to open up a discussion about how they will work. and throwing out an idea about a way to play with what we got in a slightly different way. who knows, it might be something someone likes the sound of. i have a game design mind. there is not a single game i have ever played that i haven't reworked or modified rules on to some degree. i worked at a company that had pool tables and i organized a pool tournament every friday for about 5 years. the boss wanted a constant influx of different games, so i tweaked and created about 100 varieties of pool during that time. basically i am just saying there isn't a game yet i haven't looked at fiddling with. i would be surprised if people like eric lang didn't do the exact same thing for years until they started doing their own games. i love games and new ones, to me, just open up new possibilities.
@greg deutschlander yep just add and then when the manager is sent out you assign the funds to what you want.
for the expansion do i just add an additional $30 to my $75 order?  this will then guarantee the 5th player expansion correct?  just don't want them to think i am leaving them a tip.  ;)
at least until more new backers come and comment on it.
@thiago, no need to apologize for doing your job! but thanks for your reply, hopefully this can finally put an end to this font discussion.
hi guys, sorry i`ve been very busy working on some behind the scenes stuff. hasn't left me much time to drop by and comment. about the whole font issue, we do appreciate your feedback. as others have said, however, listening to feedback doesn't necessarily mean we will follow all suggestions posed by backers (which in itself would be an impossibility, since backers are a plural entity with a multitude of conflicting opinions). we understand that some of you have a problem with the font chosen, and we will take that feedback into consideration. but in the end, this is a decision we will take with our graphics designer.
ticiano basically asking why cmon won't reply to backer's concerns with the design and font. he's saying that even a "this is what we're going ahead with" and "many people like the design" would be better than the current silence.
@the schwartz - roughly, he said, "why do not comment on what was placed on the art direction (including source ) game ? will is not ugly completely ignore and not hold at least one "guys, the art of the game is the prerogative of the company , we appreciate the feedback from you , but in the end comes down to a matter of personal taste . the cmon is very pleased with the outcome of the design choices made ​​and we have several supporters who approve too. unfortunately you can not please everybody . " this silence posture in response to criticism sounds pedantic . i think a shame , but the campaign is already a success as it is, then this can strengthen the attitude , do not know."
@ticiano come again?
and before people thing that was meant to be rude, that should be read in a joking manner for the first few sentences :)
@thiago por que vocês nem comentam o que foi colocado sobre a direção de arte (fonte incluída) do jogo? será que não fica feio ignorar completamente e não soltar, pelo menos, um "pessoal, a arte do jogo é uma prerrogativa da empresa, apreciamos o feedback de vocês, mas no fim se resume a uma questão de gosto pessoal. a cmon está muito satisfeita com o resultado das escolhas de design feitas e temos vários apoiadores que aprovam também. infelizmente não dá pra agradar todo mundo." essa postura de silêncio em resposta a críticas soa pedante. acho uma pena, mas a campanha já é um sucesso como está, então isso pode reforçar a atitude, não sei.
pople like to complain on rules almost always either because they read too much into them (nitpicking mostly at an impossible scenario) or because they just wanna complain and stir a discussion... i think the rules are quite clear on every aspects... the concern for the gods rules (in particular tyr) could be reasonable until they are officially released, but still claiming the game "faulty" because of that is asinine... we can all concur that gods bring something different to the game experience mostly because they tend to overrule something of the core game... but still i'd wait for an official rule release and maybe a gameplay with them to start even discussing about them being "right or wrong" that's what i think at least: the rules of the core game seems clear enough to me, the rules of the gods are just a draft for the moment and we only now what effects they bring... we don't know all the cards and possible combos that can be done in a game... and even more we don't know how those cards and combos combine with the various gods (which they come in play in couples every game and so more combos and possible interaction)
@jimmyz: well you don't have to call me out for the same thing.... because ahem... much like yourself, i can't read the rules on a computer screen.  though, after watching the play through video, i can tell you that one tactic if what you said happened, would be to drop as many guys as you can on one location to force people out of the one with the god that you can't interact with (due to the lack of battle cards).  like the lady did in the video, completely control an area and pillage it to your hearts content.
@jimmy - the gods are not specifically mentioned in the rules.  the rulebook is for the base game.  the gods expansion rules were detailed in one of the updates.
glorious finally less than 5k, by mjôlnir! he must be just around the bend. i can feel vague vibrations in the ground and the smell of ozone in the air ;-)
@jeremy - i am basing my comment on the sg descriptions of the gods. and i am not saying there are flaws, i am trying to figure out how they work. . . have you read the rules? is the explanation of it done differently than in the sg? part of why i don't want to download the rules is that i recently got a new laptop and it has windows 8. i can't stand the way they handle pdfs in windows 8, it makes me cringe at the thought of looking at a pdf now.
@ big e: nice typo though punished via ks :-)
any thoughts on this as another use for the great miniatures from br and conan? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/590134953/open-combat-miniature-skirmish-game-rulebook apologies if it's been suggested already
@jimmyz: i always have to scratch my head at people that comment on "flaws in the rules" when they openly admit they haven't bothered reading the rules in the first place :p
@donn - i suppose this is where we need the game to figure it out. i haven't downloaded and read the rules (i would rather hold the rule book and read it.)
@jimmy - in your example, you wouldn't.  but someone else might.  or you might join in to defend when you expect that the other defenders might have good enough cards to carry the battle.  or maybe you move your guys there in a non-pillage action.  it seems like there would be ways around it.
*published  not punished
i just backed a theme relevant book trying to be punished via ks.  i just picked up the core rpg fate of the norns and have enjoyedthe flavor in reading it and stumbled upon their ks for a book that seemed cool so i thought i would share.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/avalkauskas/seith-and-sword/posts
i am still not exactly sure about god mode here. for example, one of the god cards makes it so battle in a territory is only based on cards played. well, if i don't have cards that offer a battle plus, i know i am going to lose that battle. so why would i want to go in there? . . . i realize that we won't know gameplay until we get it and try it out. this is where a new video would be nice. being able to see these new elements in action. i was thinking that it would make sense for the gods to be a random factor. maybe right before a combat is about to happen a god is randomly chosen via a 6 sided die. that way the impact of a god plays out like a god coming down and messing with us mortals in way we don't expect. i think a lot of the replayability with this game is going to come from doing things like that. making little tweaks and modifications on an in house basis. at least i know i will be doing that. (still holding out hopes on that double sided board for added gameplay variety!)
it would be nice if they at least posted a few more wips or another play-through video, or maybe even making a print&play..
to those that say this game isn't as replayable as other, i disagree. the gods you shuffle and get 2 gods. that alone will rather mix up gameplay and strategies, not to mention luck of the draw and who you are playing with.
@donn: obviously and i understand their strategy but this is soooo boring for us backers. ;-)
the mystic troll looks soooo cool!
@donn "it's the bat!" hardy yes, that is the reason for sure, but they still had put in a few other sgs in between. we will hit at least 2-3 sgs in the last 48 hours.
cmon i do think it is time to do something... new add-ons may be???
@vincent - i think the plan is to have all of the gods as a single retail package, so they wanted to be sure to get them all out.
@thomas yes agreed. but it's a correlation with your game design and your content. in that case, they can't even bring on a new map, it won't change anything since the locations on the board are not significant enough. appart from that, i was not talking about maps specifically, i was talking about replayability in a whole.
imho they should vary the stretch goals more. add some beasties or other stuff in between the gods. creates more buzz! and buzz gets more backers and $$$.
@vincent - no relation to belgian associality. my gpunk id was the first thing i could come up with when the internet was young and i've been using it for about 18 years now. by the way, about a year ago you weren't interested in the big wrath of king add-ons i proposed (via bert). if you change your mind, i have a blood engine and longhorn available for €12 each.
*wouldn't
@jeanrlavoie many maps or miniatures have nothing to do with replayability in general. look at chess or settlers from catan. both are very limited in "maps" and miniatures but both have a very high replayability .
me neither @lance but we need something to grease them wheels of that chariot: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
we lose some we gain some it's the usual really i won't be so concerned about it
yes grabbed the eb!! my patience was worth it! and 5560 to go
great game but lack of replayability. this is what conan has! many maps, many scenarios, many avenues. my degree of investment is proportional to the possibilities offered to me. :) adding more monsters is good, but the game concept is maybe a little redundant :) appart from that, i'll still be a backer, but i'm just trying to point out why it's stuck. people find this game cool, but not a "big game" deal.  you play a few games and your done with it :p
it's almost like we are losing backers. :(
@grandfather punk: is your nick by any means related to the mythical belgian asociality? i feel your pain concerning the bones ks. high shipping + massive customs. almost feel relieved with my total if i see what they charged you. eu friendly only from now on.
@rudolfo da fonseca $5200 to go since the last few hours :/. it is time for the last addons to be released!
$5200 to go!
sorry, i meant extra miniatures.
@andres, if you don't get it now, you definitely won't think it's worth it at retail. it'll come with no big miniatures.
cue amon armath - destroyer of the universe.
@punk https://www.youtube.com/watch…
this game is not bloody enough imo.... let's have some berzerkers join the gang! (err... the clans)
queue some wagner... siegfried's funeral...
too far away for my liking...
i can vaguely hear the chariot of thor skidding in the distance ;-)
would love to see heimdall before i go to bed!
i would like they add a big monster at the 5th player expansion...  im not sure to take it or not... with one big miniature im in...
@jeremy bedwell i really do not know. but i'm sure i will get at least the money i paid for it so i will give it a try. i do this with all ks games i backe.
@godfather punk &  the schwartz; fast setup & quick game play is the only way i get my father and brothers to play games with me, so i wanted an element like this, also the rules seem to be easy understandable and quickly learned. my friends like whole game days (multiple games), but it is hard to get together. blood rage will be a nice game to play especially as you build up your clan with the cards and half of the gaming group play mostly card deck building games.
i'm in with the @punk not to much marathon in a game, quick setup and  a max 2 hour game is my cup of tea. like rivet wars, which btw also was a great ks sg wise...
people will want the kickstarter edition if this game is as good as it seems.  if it is a citow killer, those extra pieces could easily fetch a high price.
@thomas winkler: do you really see this game pulling a high profit margin on ebay? it doesn't have very many ks exclusives that typically bring the big money. sure, the "deluxe pieces" are nice, but i don't see you doubling your money due to them :-/
@thomas winkler +10
from reading the rules, igt looks like br will allow for relatively short games; no more 30 minute set-ups and then another 6 hrs to play a game like some other games.
@captain matt  - awesome and huge miniatures! - a game that is fun to play  - selling a second copy with high profit a ebay to pay for my own copy :-)
so to bring our conversation back to blood rage.  what are you looking forward to the most in the game and why?  pick any three people in time and the world to play the game with who would they be?
@daniel...  conan was the best game to begun with...  it was a new sg every day... great ks
conan was the best game to begun with...  it was a new sg every day... great ks
a few eb backers seem to be dropping off.  i've seen it open up about 4 times this morning.  but it is so hard to catch it before someone else!
@andres i am a newbie here in ks. conan was my first project, recommended by a friend who bought zombicide some years ago.
@daniel... at least we get the ninjas at the pm... ;-)
@andres well, i just didnt like the cowboy style. not my thing. yes, return of the dragon has great minis but it was the ks campaign i've most disliked. my opinion only.
i would like a little bigger...
they said the same size as the other regular minis.
hi folks, i was wondering what size the god miniatures are going to be. @thiago: any idea? cheers
i think a reason dragon didn't rise is because we're all still waiting to see the first sign of fulfilment from artisticjustice their previous projects...
@daniel... can you understand why return of the dragon dont rise... 500.000? i think they didnt make a good ks... the game looks cool and they have great miniatures...
@daniel... how is that you didnt go for shadows of brimstone?...
@andres that means we have the same tastes when it comes to gameboards. :)
@captain... there is always both sides of everything... i just looking best value for my money... @daniel desmarais... we buy the same last 4 games... ;-)
@andres i have backed many of cmon's campaigns i know how they operate and am not in the anti-add-on camp.  its just that i have heard the argument (participated in) enough times to know what both sides are saying and why.
american vikings... time to wake up and help to bring the storm...
you guys have an overactive sense of hearing....  ;-)
i hear a horn, some thunder and a distant howling ;-)
can you all hear the thunder? i think thor is near! ;-)
as much as i am liking all the gods, it's gonna be fun seeing what'll come after them!
i agree with andres. there is no point in backing a game without getting some exclusive stuff, either sgs or add-ons. better wait for retail if there is no compensation for the higher cost of the same game. when backing a game, we pay shipping, often customs fees which can be high. none of those fees are charged when you buy retail. so, yes, i'm doing it for exclusive sgs and add-ons. for every game i've backed for over a year, i've bought everything they offered, sometimes in multiples. so why those peoples who are against exclusive, are still backing any games since they will pay more than retail in the end? just simple logic.
yessir @godfather punk eu friendly is a must, good thing that this one is ;-) have had some problems with battlefoam which has an eu branch but nut sells the same stuffas in the us, i wanted a rivet wars kit and a 720 molle bag but couldn't get it, and it was way to expensive from the us side...
to bad one can't get some of the clan minis by them self, they would be great for conversions.
@tim - not just the exchange rates. i have stopped backing projects that don't offer some sort of eu fulfulment. last bones cost me, on top of $65 shipping, another 140€ import charges.  and of course the customs were calculated at the current $ value; not the lower value when i backed the ks.
heimdall commeth!
6k to  nest sg...
@captain... the exclusive at ks is what makes this works a lot of times... if you dont give something exclusive a lot of people will wait to retail... thats one of the reasons i didt buy any conan expansions...  we are adults and everyone of us should know when to stop buying... ;-)
we are getting close to the sg.
@renato... i dont understand too. i see people that would like to buy everything and if they can do it they are out.  i would love, for example,  an add on like 6 big monsters for 30€: dont change the game play but a lot of people would buy it and that increase our sgs...
@renato  i am not in this camp as the add-ons are ok for me, but i think the main argument against add-ons has to do with if there is ks exclusive content included.  the collector mentality makes it difficult to not buy something that has ks exclusive in it and people feel forced to get it now.  the other main argument against them has to do with if its gameplay related.  people feel that if there is already an expansion for the game via the ks then without it that they have missed something even though it will come out retail.  these are generally the main arguments outside of financial ones.
@ the collector boar and cats for freya although there is some thought that frigga was derived from freya to provide a wife for odin who was a relatively late addition to the pantheon. but it would be nice to see freya or sif or some valkyries to even out the sausage a little.
ugh...so close to heindall, and people keep talking about fenris...i'm drooling thinking about a fenris mini...
i think that after thor it wil be something entirely different to another mini
so since andres brought up add-ons again, i'd like to try to get a view point explained to me because i don't understand it personally. to all the people saying they'll drop if they give us more add-ons, why is that? i don't understand the "incomplete" game argument. does that mean you won't buy any game retail that was once a ks because you're missing out?
@andrei... i hope next sgs... thor and fenris...
@thomas... i know... we have 7 more days... i like a lot this game and its potencial... lets see how this goes...
c'mon, give us the big bad fenris wolf!!! :d
@andres but there are many $1 pledgers in you calculation. the most of them will raise their plege in the last 48 hours. after the end of this ks you should compare again.
@andres 1 yeah i want addons! six player addon and some exclusive shit addons!!! shut up and take my money cmon :-).
@thomas; indeed. that is why i have cancelled some projects and not taking add ons in pledge managers anymore. i have become very selective when it comes to supporting/buying games. ;)
i dont want to go back to ad ons or not add ons but... r&b with 4417 bakers: 739,513 (167$ per baker) br with 5397 bakers: 463,467 (85$ per baker) with 167$ per baker at br we will be at 901,299... thats a lot sgs... a lot big monsters in this ks lets see how this goes...
in 7 days the exchange rate for euro/dollar is 1:1 or worse :-(.
@the schwartz "fontgate" hah! @daniel i was in it from the moment it started. it was... a wild ride, to say the least. :)
i like the font for what it's worth. think the board looks nice.
@fontgate i thought a little about the font talk. i seem to think that the font makes the game special and a little cult like, so keep it with a little more worn and bloody look, like a mix of the skull and letters in the logo would make it for me ;-) and by mjölnir on towards thor we must!
@efty i only backed conan on the final days (my first time in ks), so i am not so spoiled ;-)...although my wallet is.
@daniel well yes, that's why i backed them and got all the add-ons (and i suspect i'll get the 6th player expansion too, if they release it). i love the game, the artwork and the miniatures. the font & graphic design are just minor but highly visible issues. that's why i said conan, jamie and monolith spoiled me - they were communicative and responsive to community suggestions and issues.
@efty  dont take it too personal. cmon is not monolith (seen you've backed conan). there are not (no offenses here cmon) as communicative as jamie from monolith, and by past experienced, they tend to do their things without explaining themselves. that doesnt mean they are a bad company. they do great quality stuff. you just have to accept the way they do things. i trust them because they aways deliver great games in the end. :)
@various, regarding difficulty of changing fonts: typically all card information including artwork and colours is entered into separate columns in spreadsheet programs like excel. then there is a indesign document with a template for a card layout. so changing a typeface is literary a one-change operation. unless the layout designer is incompetent it is exceedingly easy to change typefaces.
this ks go toooo sloooowwww...
@remy ok, but they could... you know... tell us that themselves. @kemlantor & daniel - the alternate monster sculpts come with cards for 5+ players; i'm pretty sure i saw thiago say that at some point.
@kelmantor substitutes, because, i think, they don´t have their own card.
@efty: feedback can be welcomed, considered and they can still choose the option you don't like. a couple of internet comments shouldn't drastically change the (art) direction for a game when the devs don't agree with the comments.
@8thpagan - the cards are mainly for 5-player use. you can use the ram clan in a 2-4 player game, but they don´t have unique abilities. i guess you can use the alternate monsters as substitutes or extra monsters.
so adding ram clan adds mainly cards if you have a group of four players (as i do)? although it does add some cool miniatures for a forthcoming yggdrasil rpg campaign i plan on running later this year.
@8thpagan - adding to punks comment, unique abilities were tested, but the game was more fun without them.
@8thpagan - no, the clan differences are determined by the cards.
might have been asking already, but 4000 comments too many to read.... other than sculpts, is there any difference in the clans? do they any unique abilities?
hi everybody! a lot of talk about a 6th player option. so i want to participate proposing a double sided board with a face b for 5-6 players: http://boardgamegeek.com/image/2445385/blood-rage… this is a proposed modification of the original board to introduce the homelands from the different clans with the idea of allowing a 6th player to play.  also news mechanics are proposed:  i) in the clan's homelands there are the "clan's totems". the runic menhirs were the clan's first announced their loyalty to the asgard gods. they are the central part of the clan. this totems can be pillaged, using the normal rules for pillage, by other players and placed in their clan's homeland. a pillaged totem can be used by the player who pillage it to gain the glory that was supposed to win the original clan owner instead of him, or to make lose the glory that the new owner was going to lose to the totem original owner. when a totem is used is returned to his original clan homeland.  ii) a player can invade with his clan leader or clan warriors for free their clan homeland. the dragon ships and monsters have to pay the normal amount of rage. iii) the miniatures in the homelands can march to any other region except yggdrasil , and any miniature can march from any region (including yggdrasil) to any clan's homeland. in both cases paying the normal amount of rage and following the normal rule for marching.  iv) when a player pillage over a homeland, he pillages all the totems that are in this homeland.  this proposed new mechanics wants to give a new strategic dimension and make increasing the clan horns more desirable. also it will help in diversificate the playing strategies based in the gods blessings. p.d.: the 6th clan proposed is the metal clan (horns up!!) with heavy metal minis ^^ http://boardgamegeek.com/image/2445385/blood-rage…
@bitfrost: they are nothing alike, at all. myth is a co-op dungeon crawler with tactical movement and player created maps, while blood rage is a competitive area control game with strategic moment and abstracted battles on a pre-determined map. on the only two points of comparison, blood rage is more reasonably priced and offers better miniatures, but those are both non-game related and should really be factors in deciding which game is better suited to your tastes. br being cheaper doesn't mean it'll be more fun for you (it will for me, for other reason), and the cost should be considered on an individual level - as in, an i willing to spend this much money for this much fun. for me, i can see br hitting the table often, and i'm guessing i'll get at least a 4$ per game hour out of it, if not more (at least 9 games with 4 players, with me buying the 5th player addon and the next one they'll offer).
i'm gonna get me a cup of coffee... nobody drop their eb while i'm gone, ya hear me...
yeah, everyone is entitled to their opinion, but as a person who works with publishing material i know exactly how complicated changing or editing this font would be, even if the whole project were complete and ready to print (even though they have stated on the front page that it is not done). less than a day. so all those "no, don't change the font, it'll delay the project" comments are, i'm sorry, worthless. and while some of you have no problems reading the font, many others do, and not just here among backers. i've seen at least a couple of people on bgg mention the illegibility of the font as one of the reasons they chose to abstain from backing. i also know how many of my friends with whom i'll wish to play this game will react to it. jotunhein and nonster jokes will likely become in-house memes. and lastly, my last comment wasn't even about them changing it, but rather the fact that they have avoided talking to us about while we go back and forth on the issue every time a new backer mentions the font issue. i guess the conan campaign spoiled me and raised my expectations too high...
so after heimdall, it is thor and then we are done.. :-)
compared to some stuff i've got from ffg, the regular font is very readable to me. it's big enough and mostly black on a white background. people who proposed to have a more edgy bloody ragey design won't get my vote, because that usualy entails brown fonts on a smudgey red background. keep the rules and cards clear and readable, please. and i like the title font too. :^)
honestly, considering that the game is almost ready to go into production (seems like it from what they have shown us thus far) i can understand if they don't wish to change the font. further more - not to disrespect anyones opinion but i don't think the font is bad or hard to read. i don't speak native english and have no trouble reading this font and to me the criticism seems a bit out of proportions. personally i don't have any issue with this font.
+1 daniel
@efty don´t be so negative. maybe you can´t change anything in this project because it is almost developed, but your comments can change things in the next one. a company is always a long run.
@mikademus other than some people mentioning they have seen some comment stating they devs won't change the damned font, none that i am aware of. i love this game. but i hate it when companies say "we welcome your feedback" and then completely ignore it...
nidoggr could destroy souls, thus preventing casualties from going to valhalla in said province. maybe even an yggdrasil expansion containing nidhoggr, the giant eagle and ratatosk the squirrel?
has there been any response from the involved parties regarding changing or (heavens forfend) sticking too the awful and barely legible typeface?
thanks the info skritter. i've not yet seen the videos but looks on the map picture like 4 coast areas, are those areas starting areas? because i notice there are 4 and the possibility of the 5th player. it looks like i like the game, but i don't want to crash the mechanics just because additional players.
honestly, i think that the game is tested for 4-5 players.  with the 5th clan as addon we don't need to unbalance the game. the idea about nidhoggr and the pve element is very good....... just my two cent. (don't forget fenrir too cmon!)
good morning guys! i see there is a short way to go, that's nice ^^
@david the six gods listed in the rulebook (p13) ............................. odin: judgment and punishment in and out of battle.  thor: glory and spoils for victory in battle. loki: revenge or spoils for defeat in battle. frigga: resources and support. heimdall: foresight and surprises. tyr: great numbers for winning battles.
idea for a nidhoggr expansion: huge dragon wreaking havoc where clans have to work together to be able to defeat him, otherwise provinces will be devestated. adding a pve element to the pvp.
just joined to the campaign, . what do you think guys, will be thor sixth god? . will be the 6th player another addon? or will change 5th player to free for all and 6th as addon?
hmm if a boar clan it would make sense to have females as the boar is animal of figga or is it freya.
he he @teowulf - nice one...
i hope for a little more female characters in the game (like boar clan) .. it's getting a bit one sided! the dark elf in the expansion .. is it male or female? hard to see ... and yes, 6 .. vikings .. vi kings = 6 kings ;-)
around 9k to go!
morning folks. on the topic of myth: i agree with bradley. the current campaign is for the new add-ons. you`d probably need the base game too,  even with 125$, you wouldn`t get the base game.
@bitfrosting - also unless you have the base game already or go all in on the $200+ level their campaign is useless. the $125 level is only for the expansions.
@bitfrosting they have nothing in common.  they do just both have miniatures. and this miniatures here are much better. @alan player expansions are very common even with non kickstarter games. look for example at the settlers from catan
15 finger skip
can someone compare this game to myth: journeyman kickstarter that is being funded concurrently? i am curious to know others' opinions, because to me blood rage looks like it has cooler miniatures and a more streamlined and fun rule set.
6th clan would also bring 3 more ks exclusive monsters making 12 total monsters.
@skritter is right @alan dannatt, it is very common especially cmon.
@alan dannatt. you obviously haven't looked very hard. this is a concept that has been done by many a time.
an expansion just to add another player, i have now officially seen everything
thanks for the responses, folks.
@steve - there are several indicators. one is the artwork that shows 6 distinctly different clans. when they introduced the 5th, it was one of the two in the art that were "extra" and it left the "boar" clan for a likely 6th clan expansion. the other indicator is that some of the cards in the 5th player expansion have text indicating they are to be added to the decks for use in games with 5+ players. to me that is a guarantee of at least a 6th. i personally think there is a chance of an unknown 7th clan to be revealed along with the likelihood of a flip side to the game board designed for 5-7 players (as the front side is made for 2-5 players.) also, @thiago (one of the cmon agents moderating here) has point blank said that there would only be a few add-ons. to me a few is 3 or 4. so far we have just the one expansion add on and the art book. so at least one more to come being 6th player.
it's a game of six's ................................................... we have: 6 large monsters 6 small monsters (not including the alternates) 6 gods of asgard (coming) 6 clans (when the boars drop in) ................................................... what will be the next set of 6?
what is driving people to assume there will be a 6th player expansion? i'm personally hoping there won't be, as it'll nearly double the cost of the game. this is looking pretty good as it is, and the low add-on count is one of the appealing factors of it.
i would assume that any conan products would come from monolith. or at least made by the community and downloadable. one of the reasons why i found this was due to the conan game, lucky i did.
does anyone know if there will be tiles or character sheets in add-on for the crossover with conan?
+1 coralline... if not fenrir, then "giant wolf" would probably be ok... ;) and agreed, perfect for giant slayer!
+1 on fenrir he isn't necessary but it would be pretty cool. i already have a few giant wolf minis, but whoever's sculpting these monsters is amazing. again, please let us either buy extra trolls and giants, or make them non ks exclusives. i'd happily buy more at retail but that doesn't seem to be an option. they're perfect for the new giantslayer pathfinder ap.
any chance the 6th player clan is erik the viking and crew?
hmm i cloud se the serpent clan using serpent poison or something in that direction.
well, i'm hoping for the next stretch goal, each clan gets a berserker unit with a unique special rule that could help differentiate the clans a bit without getting rid of the draft system.  i'd definitely buy an add-on if it had jormagundr, nidhogg, fenrir et al. as monsters that could be defeated for extra glory.
gotcha.  i can't afford more than the 75 right now which is why i was asking or i would add it now.
@tim. either - or but if you add it now, you help the total grow, of course.
do i have to put an extra 30 dollars on my pledge before the end for the 5th clan or can i just do that in the pledge manager?
i really don't care if the monsters have traditional names or not with the guys i play with they are going to get called names like stan or bert, and if we get the giant wolf ! well you know he"s going to get called fluffy
@donn - agreed... it's not a huge deal, but people piling on when someone makes a critical comment are not helping... just let people speak their mind and respond constructively!
there should have been a ;) at the end of that.
once i have my game, i'm sure i will not care what the font is.  the only point that i have been trying to make is that it may be giving a bad first impression when potential backers come to check out the project.  as that could affect my sgs, it bothers me slightly.
@collector - fair enough, but there's no doubt this has been an ongoing point of contention in this comments section (how sad is that sentence?)... regardless, i absolutely respect your opinion, but that isn't the opinion of all backers, and we should respect all opinions. that's all i wanted to express.
at conventions and gaming nights a lot of gamers drink beer and other alcoholic beverages. it is quite possible that the may not be able to read the cards in any font but it does not stop them having a good gaming night.
$12k to go!
@cambojones, i have been a backer of this ks for 4 days and i haven't seen anyone mentioning the card's font, so people haven't mentioned it everyday as you say it has. i can agree that the text with game play info should be readerble for all, but the head text and such is mostly "fluff" and isn't to important to game play, but that my opinion.
nope. no ifs, ands, or buts. or so help me i will turn this kickstarter around.
+1 bruce.
but dad. . .
alright guys. font talk over now. back to working towards thor and speaking about how awesome this game is.
of course the font doesn`t affect gameplay, of course the font is readable. you know what would play just the same, without affecting gameplay and speeding production? cardboard figures with plastic stands, king of tokyo style. do we want that? hel, no! (mispelled intentionally) some of you don't want to hear about other people's considerations, but keep commenting here since day 1 and will keep on doing it till the last day of the campaign. for what, again? if voicing our opinions isn't welcome, what is this for? many of you are here because the minis look good, so am i. but should i settle and shut up because of that? usually, if one cares about minis, one cares about looks, and my comment was all about what i think would improve the look of the game. some of you don't care? fair enough. but some of us do. $75 plus shipping is a lot to many people (not counting addons) and it's not wrong for you to want what you think is best for the money you're paying. and i'll say again, it's not just the font, the god cards look absolutely terrible. any 10 year old can do it on paint. cmon can't handle a bad review about an aspect of the game? grow up.
@fontgate, just want to chime in quickly & say that i for one was one of the people that voiced disappointment with the font on day 1 - there's no doubt it bothers a fair number of people, just by the fact that it has popped up pretty much every day of the campaign as a topic of discussion since it opened. i voiced my opinion at that time, as did quite a few other backers, and i'm satisfied with that... there's no doubt cmon and guillotine have heard the feedback... whether they will or can act on it is a whole other question and out of our hands. what i think all backers should keep in mind is that as new people join, they'll want to express their own opinions, and this is valuable feedback for the game producers. if people keep harping on the font, there's obviously something to consider there, whether or not you agree. it's not a detriment to the campaign to have the discussion, nor to welcome feedback from new backers.
@jimmyz johnston  good call, i forgot that we already mentioned the double sided board with additional regions that can support more than 5 players.  i agree that we know there is at least one more clan.
@steven 1. more monsters age 1, 2, and 3. 2. rum and bones crossover viking brute 3. rum and bones crossover viking crew  . now both 2 and 3 are just speculation and something i would find fun.  plus i need my mercenary crews to be balanced and i am missing one brute.  i seriously doubt these will be included or are even being discussed but one can dream.  another random dream would be a new ringer for kaosball, maybe get people talking about the next season of that.  all things considered i am just looking forward to whatever is added.
i want to see a double side on the board. 6th player clan (those 2 i foresee as revealed at the same time. this as addon and board as sg) fenrir monster card maybe some more cards to add to gameplay variety funny, i have no desire at all for foil cards. to me it seems like bling that will just cost them more to produce the game without adding anything to the game.
is there "holmgang" over a font ?  ... im not a fan of it, but whatever - its vikings + eric lang + mcvey minis \o/ theres so much more interesting stuff in this game and it really looks like that the references to the norse mythology is spot on. which makes me hope that they will cover all the 9 worlds and offcourse give us fenris, nidhug, ratotask and freya (also cause that would make my daughter happy ;) i might be a fanboy but im kinda where i want 2 sets to build a viking warband for whatever skrimish game a i wanna play & shout to valahal when i roll the dice ;)
ops sorry number 2 you meant sg not add on! then foil cards surely
1. fenrir "giant wolf" mini and foil cards for gods and monster 2. none actually the game is fine without many add on (and we all know the boar clan is coming) 3. boar clan as alternative 5th faction
alright i'm done. apparently civil discussions are too much to handle.
@steven - 1 & 2.  nidhogg!!
alright, i've still got six more hours until i get off shift... 1. once the gods of asgard goals are unlocked, what do you think is the next stretch goal will most likely be? 2. what is the one additional stretch goal that would make the game for you if it were to be included? 3. if cmon were to put out another add-on, what would you want it to be? it's a slow night in afghanistan.  help me out!
@renato - i'm not sure if you're being deliberately obtuse or what, but like i said earlier, i really don't care.  if cmon is willing to lose potential backers over it, who am i to argue?  and it is happening.  it might be thousands.  it might be 5.  it might be 1.  but for someone out there, that font is making their first glance be their last.
@donn, not at all. i'm just saying that you made it seem like the only reason we who don't want the font to be changed is because we can really it just fine. only reason people want it changed is because they have a little trouble reading it. regardless, its ridiculous and shouldn't overshadow what looks to be a great game.
some female vikings with a one-handed axe, a shield and a helmet, would be nice to se.
@renato - are you trying to tell me that people will refuse to back this because they can read the cards?
an add on for figures is something i would buy.
paul - evidence in the artwork suggests a 6th "boar" clan. hopefully we'll see it this week.
please don't get the spamming guy from conan here... this is a small campaign with 8 days left, not worthy of him adding 200 comments until the last hour...
@cmon,    the viking figures look great in this game, and i wonder if there can be a 6th clan? for those of us who might want to use the figures outside this game, i would like to see add-on extra duplicate clans- a big clan should be more than 9 figures.
@donn, to be fair, the opposite can be said about the other people asking for it to be changed because they can't read it just fine. like everything, it's simply a matter of opinion. i just don't wanna add unneeded production time.
he is still over at the conan comments section spamming that darn poll.  i reported it to the point that it's a hidden post on bgg.
@donn, @alex - but how will all the people at bgg know about this campaign without him!?!? we'll never get to 500k!!
it's definately better. for all of us.
@alex - i think we can both agree that it's better that i'm not him.
hi all. i registered on ks to back another game, but got drawn to this by the "studio mcvey" stamp. so far i'm really pleased. it might not hit those huge numbers, but looking at number of backers it's the 3. best from cmon, only beaten by zombicide 2 and 3.
michael fleischer would have extensive poll results... ;-)
@alex c - yes!  i have extensive poll results from thousands of people... no, of course not.  i'm just saying that the people here are obviously those who don't see it as a deal breaker.  they are the only voices represented here, because everyone who does see it as a deal breaker, isn't here. . whatevs.  i really don't care.  i'm just trying to explain the other point of view, since everyone seems to be so adamant about it not being a problem, because "i can read it just fine!"
back to the font, eh?
i don't really care that much about fonts. as lucas said, i'd rather had the generic sea serpent/fire giant correctly named surt and midgårdsormen/jörmundgand. it's nice to have some extra lore inlcuded in the game.
i really dont think anyone's like "pfft! that font? nope!" it's a super badass font that might take a sec to adjust but it fits with the feel of the game.
i just find it a little ridiculous that potential backers would hold our because of a font. if you look at the cards and rulebook, most of the "bad" text is either names or flavor text. the font that actually has to do with gameplay seems like a basic arial or times new roman. i would understand a little more if it was crucial game text.
@donn, not really because everything affects backers. no add-ons, too many add-ons, what company is producing,  pictures of rough products. font should be the least of any ones worries.
is there any evidence to support this theory of people not backing the project because of the font?
donn - he spammed links to polls in the conan project :-)
@renato - that's true, but if it affects number of backers, isn't that also a problem?
the main reason i don't care about it (besides it not being hard to read for me) is that i don't see it affecting gameplay at all, which is the most important thing. i don't see anyone losing because they thought the card said they could "nove" to another spot or summon a "nonster" in a region. its purely aesthetic and with cmon already being notorious for late ks, let's not give them extra reasons to be late.
i'm guessing michael fleischer made himself notorious during another campaign?
where's michael fleischer? we need a poll on the readability of the text! ;-)
@renato im with ya dude, it's good enough the way it is. and for real - yggdrasil isn't any easier to say in times new roman
renato - agreed.
@renato - "hard to read" may be subjective, but i'm not sure it counts as only an opinion.  besides, for every person that comments on it here, how many are just not even backing because of it?
*can't.  we need that edit button
i wouldn't call something opinionated "obvious". i've had no problem reading any of the text from the cards to the rulebook and i know i'm not the only one.  like its been said before, you can please everybody all the time. the way i see it, it'll add unnecessary time to the project and it isn't a huge deal so leave it be. only my opinion of course.
@renato - when there's an obvious problem, it just takes new backers to get people commenting on it again.
man, i thought we were done with the font discussions.
eh, i guess i've just read too many metal band t-shirts, even the first time around wasn't a really an issue, but that's just me. if its really gonna be an issue for people, i guess the m could use a bit more of a v shape in the middle
@efty/ticiano lino well, they've already offered a blanket "no" to changing stuff unless i misunderstood something. to be clear i'm in complete agreement with you.
but that's the problem - you have to learn them first - it'll be a pain with new players (and players with bad memory).
i dunno, i like the font. once i learned the names of everything, reading it became second nature
+1 on fixing the font ... well changing it actually :/ not the logotype though, that i still need on a tshirt for the moshpit, or when we man the ships & take back england & vinland ;)
i've said the same as ticiano on day one - the graphic design doesn't match the art and theme - it's too clean, too "web". barely any texture. and that font (for those who may care, it's black sirkka bold) is horrible to read in small sizes, with the n and m way too similar. it should be edited or replaced. if necessary, i offer my services for font editing - i do this for a living (work at a publishing company). and yes, the license allows editign the font, i've checked.
i like the look of it. although i wish it had more add-on's.
new backer here, and pretty much agreeing with ticiano's comments below.  the overall concept art seems great, but when we get to the map and cards it feels a bit off, almost like from a different game.  for what it's worth, the ocean seems a bit dark, and the color choices on the cards could some blending or dirtying up - something.  my opinions, and just trying to provide feedback.  looking forward to the game.
@punk i just left the page up and went about my day, glanced at the screen any time i came by it. got lucky on a trip to the fridge lol
@ticiano i like the font for headlines but i agree that it could be moreworn/bloody. as for the cards; a bit more worn look like rivet wars action cards wouldn't hurt :-)
@ticiano i like the rune score track idea, would be pretty accurate ;)
@ticiano - i really like your idea about the score track being adjusted to be runestones. that would seem like a really easy tweak that would add a lot of flair to the game.
we need compatible blood rage character sheets and abilities tiles for conan as an extra add-on.
@bruce - i'd still have to be checking the changes every 10 seconds... real life can be a bother sometimes :^)
althought i'm loving pretty much everything i'm being shown artwise (thanks, mr. smith), i have concerns with some graphic design choices made. actually, many stuff still look like work in progress (i hope so), still rough: like the cards layout and the glory track around the board. they just feel a bit lazy and don't share the same artistic flavor with the work of adrian smith. the cards look very similar to 7wonders cards (and even so still look lazy when compared to those), but the themes of these 2 games are completely different: that layout matches the classic look in 7wonders, but not  a game called blood rage. where's the blood? where's the rage in it? it doesn't have to be literal, but why a design choice so "clean" to a dirty, end-of-the-world, exploding and pillaging game? when i talk about the glory track on the board, take a look at ticket to ride for a good example of flavor added to graphic aspects on a board. those numbers just feel integrated to the art of the game, unlike the black squares with blue numbers in them shown in blood rage map. make it with stone runes, i don't know... heck, make them bloody, if you will! those squares just don't work for me. the gods are a big splash, their art is great, their cards are bigger (if i got this right), then why the pokemon card design choice? a blend bg with some obscure nordic refference, flying title, flying rules text, and a rectangular window displaying the art. why even make them different colors, since they all represent the same aspect of the game? just make it look more pokemonish. finally, that font... it just doesn't read well. to make it worse, is it really necessary to use it on almost every single text of the game? to make it even worse, doesn't it seem weird for the logo to have all lower case text and the rest of the game an all caps? also, the logo text has strokes, shadows, texture, while the rest of the text in the game is shown on plain colors. i don't want to sound rude, but as a happy backer i feel partly responsible for the production of the game and believe it's our job to speak our minds. isn't it why this space is? the game is not yet printed, so this is the time for adjustments, should the creators agree to our suggestions. i'm just trying to make a good looking game look absolutely flawless. as an art director advertiser myself, i respect all my fellow designers out there and humbly admit i may be completely wrong about everything i've said here, so i'd like to hear what the community thinks about this subject.
@punk do what i did, use google chrome and get an auto refresher add on and set it for 10 second intervals. helped me snag an eb this morning with minimal effort lol
@punk be carefull you don't wear oit that f5 finger of yours and good luck ;-)
sorry punk. . . guess i sorta stole your thunder there. i am sure there will be more. especially be on the lookout when they announce the next add-on. . . right :-)
leaving because of add-ons? just don't buy them, you get the full game without the add-ons xd
with myth on the corner this game will slow a bit... i don't think it will hit 600k... let us see.
and dammit! that's three times today i leave my computer for half an hour and three time i miss an eb slot. no more breaks! f5 f5 f5 f5
@the collector - looks like you picked the right user-id.  i should change mine to the miser and be done with it
it will be an interesting shuffle soon. with about 3 who have said flat out with any more add ons they will quit (probably another 10-20 like that who haven't spoken out about it.) and then the 6th player add on increasing pledge amounts. . . i think 500k is going to be a volatile time. . . but fun too. . . i feel bad for those who feel the compunction to bail out because of add ons
looks like we're picking up speed in my book ;-)
@liam it has slowed down alot but i'm not too worried. just look at rum and bones. their numbers skyrocketed the final two days. probably a combination of newcomers as well as last second add ons. the average pledge right now is 85 dollars but you know there's a lot of people still holding out on the ram clan that will cave near the end.
@liam - we had $20k+ both of the last two days, which were on the weekend.  we're already at about $18k for today with a lot of today left.  we're doing fine.
it's slowed down a lot the last few days :(
@jimmy - i'm hoping at $500k.  it's kind of a "big deal" number.
i wonder if they will do the next one at 500k even or will it be at the increment.
$20k to go.
nice. . . i managed to get an eb now. . . can't argue with a few bucks saved.
@godfather punk i told myself when i backed a ks just before i backed blood rage, "no more ks" but there just seem to pop something up shortly after ones last ks has ended, and i also have also a bit to many ks backed.
mercs - recon is co-op too. like alex c sais : 'too many projects backed' ...just this one more...
@creator: please disregard my previous comment on having found a mistake in the rules. i didn't take into account the three added age cards (stretch goal 70k-110k) which clearly makes my previous calculations wrong. :/  nothing wrong in the rules, only with my memory. :)
@peter oh ok yeah i guess that makes sense
paul - oh and add 12 realms to the co-op pile too, they're having their final campaign next month.
@bruce: yes, but this is pre-drafting. but you are also right. i didn't remember that (thanks to stretch goals) there are now 34 cards in each age deck, so the numbers in the rule book are in fact correct. my bad. :(
oh yes, got dungeon saga and conan coming also! too many projects backed...
@alex c - zombicide definitely counts.  i've only been into gaming for just over a year and i have descent, zombicide s2/s3/an, dungeon saga, and conan.  i plan to add imperial assault and arcadia quest (not really co-op but is fantastic).  i can't stop myself it seems.
@peter what they meant is that you get 8 cards and draft until each player has 2 cards left over and they are discarded (meaning you have 6 cards in your hand at this point)
andres - yes it is, on the 23rd.
paul - oh i hear ya! i have had warhammer quest for a looong time, recently received my core games for shadows of brimstone and also have super dungeon explore on the way. does zombicide count? got oodles of that too...
so the minis are actually supposed to be surt and midgårdsormen/jörmundgand? i also thought they were generic sea serpent/fire giant. well surt has a flaming sword come to think of it.  if this is the case then it would be really cool to get fenrir as well! sorry, i meant "giant wolf". ;)
and ninja all stars is out this month too!?  man this has been a rough month haha
andres - no specific date yet, but sometime this month. mantic games is the company.
well if myth journeyman was what he talked about then i will have to say there is a big difference between those two game, plus i personally think that the blood rage miniatures looks much better.
@creator: just started to read through the rules and caught a minor mistake (you/someone else might have caught this already)  - page 12 god's gifts phase -  "(...)there will always be two cards left over after that (four in a 2-player game) (...)" with a total of 33 cards per age deck, if every player gets 8 cards each. that would leave 1 card in a 3 or 4-player game, and 3 cards left over in a 2-player game. (taken into account the deck balancing card removal pre-game). oh god i feel like a rules lawyer. d:
@alex c - i am a huge sucker for coop dungeon crawl style games so myth is a huge temptation currently.  if feedback of the new ruleset is good i might not be able to resist.
@alex c,  when is deadzone coming out and by who?
@the collector - that is the one andres meant.  it's the expansion to myth plus the 2.0 ruleset which could be huge as the ruleset was what i've read was the only (and major) flaw of the game.
@coralline i second that. even if it's in the smallest font ever to fit on the small cards, i'd like to see the norse names
i certainly won't be swayed by myth. original game was badly received, their attitude is "interesting" and none of their other projects have piqued my interest either. but to each their own. i'm sticking with blood rage and open combat as my current projects. was thinkng about the new deadzone one coming up but mantic's customer service is getting progressively worse so i'm likely not going to do that one either.
and not to forget hel.
any chance of seeing some more of the norse gods come up that haven't been mentioned already? freya, sif, frey, etc.?
@creator. what is the colour of good miniatures? i hope they have different colour than clans and monsters
@andres aguilar, sorry, if it is the myth journeyman then its still going, if its that one hen my bad.
@donn - you are 100% right about the names. cmon has basically stated that they want the characters and monsters to feel accessible to those players who aren't experts on mythology. kids can play without being confused by difficult names. that said, i'd also like to see the mythological names added to the cards (in parentheses). it's great to give kids the opportunity to learn these things.
@andres aguilar that myth ks is already funded and closed after what i could se, but considering there are more then 1 ks called myth you might want ad a bit more info.
i dunno about panda. i just hope the new 1,000lbs gorilla doesn't pull away too many folks here.
were is the panda!
@donn+100
i really hope that cmon decides to add the norse names of the monsters to their cards.
i would like to see next sg.... thor? i hope so
not sure if that was proper english?  just saying that i agree to disagree with with out being bothered as well.
@donn, and i only disagree with utmost respect for your opinion as well:-)
@kevin... i suppose that if we run out sg they can always make more monsters. or different models for the clans...
@lucas - feel free to disagree.  doesn't bother me in the slightest.  ;)
@jeremy... they make a discount at the first expansion after several days... but we are at blood rage now. i just ask for things that are good for everyone... i think...
@donn, i don't agree:-) their are countless fire giants in the realm of muspel as well as sea serpents in the waters. these are regular monsters as opposed to their bigger more dangerous counterparts which are the bane of the gods. but the fire giant and seaserpent might have to do:-)
if we run out of stretch goals, i propose just adding silly ones. like casual odin, sitting askew on the throne with one leg over the armrest, or tyr posed in the moment that he is realizing he just tried to scratch his nose with the hand he's missing. loki with whoopie cushion. thor struggling to lift a cat.
@godfather - michael w still pops into the conan comments every few days with a winged ape comment.  i guess when you get 16k+ backers you are bound to get some very interesting ones.
@lucas - we have surt (fire giant) and jormngand (sea serpent).  they're not just using the norse names for the monsters.
i predict a considerable slow down now that myth is on kickstarter,  then again many people on this campaign will likely not back it considering their feelings towards add ons lol
oh dear, i just saw the myth 2.0 campaign.  anyone know if the updated rules make it a worthwhile purchase?  i read a lot of negative feedback about the initial ruleset.
where is michael wade with his doom & gloom? every prediction he made was proven false :^d
@lucas here's hoping they're sgs. honestly at this point, after thor, if there were only three more sgs for a first, second, and third age monster, i'd be stoked.  i think we're getting a lot in this game as is, more monsters would just be too sweet.
where is michael fleischer(sp?) with his poll when you need him?
we actuallly haven't seen any of the bigger villians of ragnarök, like fenrir, jormungand, surt (leader of the fire giants). even though i have no idea if they could be implemented in the gameplay do you guys think that cmon might have left them out intentionally to release as sg or addon later? would male this campaign explode:-) maybe same mechanism as the gods so the region occupied gets special rules?
i don't remember them making a single monetary change that you asked for :p
@jeremy... y es i ask at conan for a lot of things... and they give us almost everything i ask... (the only thing a ask and they ignore was the winged ape) but yes... ignore me please  i only café
@andres well if you're going to continue your campaign of asking for more stuff, could you call my cable company? i'd like hbo, showtime, cinemax, and bbc america to be added to my account but i don't want to pay for them.
they should do a frequent backer discount. ;^)
@andres - they did do a special price, it's called the early bird.
@jimmyz... so...people dont like changes even if they give us a better thing?... do you really think that?... im from spain and perhaps i didnt understand what you mean...
@jimmyz: andres did this during the conan ks as well. he kept asking and asking for all kinds of discounts or additions. you'll just have to ignore him.
i would like to see as sg.... garm (the hell dog) and thor of course....
@creator can you give a especial 100$ pack the game and the expansion? thank you
fuuuuuu there was an early bird free but was stolen already!!!!! not much of a difference but 5$ saved in the pledge are 5$ less for shipping  later :p
@andres - i think it is highly unlikely they will alter the 5th expansion in any way. it has been posted for about 5 days now as is.
@creator... can you give us a non exclusive big monster at 5th expansión? that will increase a lot the value of that expansion. thank you
should* fucking swype is really killing my typing.
heimdall shit's really be opening up that bifrost right about now.
25k more and heimdall shall enliight us with his visions of the future!  though the model seems too similar to tyr both quality wise and design wise... i understand that they have to follow the design on the card but i think that too can be cnahged or is it too late? if it could be changed i would at least remove the helm either of tyr or heimdall and of course give hima more imposing figure... odin model it's just fantastic , painitng it will be a pleasure (and a big pain especially between the throne and the back of odin)... and i see another discussion on add ons which i won't join this time i already gave my opinion on that xd  see you next update!
already up $10k since the last sg, and we did it without new add-ons.
the extra monster in the expansion doesn't have to be an exclusive. it could help boost its value for retail too. as it stands it's pretty expensive. the horned rat expansion for instance costs $25 and, along with the 5th player miniatures & player sheet, comes with a whole new set of upgrade cards and chaos cards for all 5 players, as well as a bunch of new event cards. it's essentially the whole game minus board, 4 sets of minies and some tokens (a bunch of those come i nthe expansion too).
@andres people don't want monsters in the player expansion because then people who don't need a 5th player expansion would feel forced into buying it to get all the monsters. as out is, the 5th player expansion feels very optional and it should stay that way
plus. wouldn't you want a bigger base game anyway
i can't afford more. and ive said before i'd spend my money somewhere i don't feel like my hand was forced. that's why i've been so excited for this ks. cause they haven't tried to force people's hand into buying stuff. i'm a completionist and if i can't have it all i just won't have any and support someone that doesn't force my hand. this has been the best cmon ks yet cause they haven't done that kind of tactic
it seems we are still moving at a good clip towards freeing heimdel from his plastic mold prison. not sure if we can get enough new blood here to get a glimpse of thor before midnight though. (which is a silly thing to say because there are people here who are likely close to midnight already!)
@donn - thanks!
@theodore... you are out if they give us more? please... give us two big monsters to the 5th player expansion.
@alex - there will be.
will there be the typical post-ks cmon pledge manager for blood rage does anyone know?
@paul - that is exactly my thoughts on it. the thought that at one time ks changed the rules so you had to have a working product first seems to me so odd. if this is a place to make an idea reality, then it seems to me that rule change would negate the potential for small start ups and only be viable for larger existing companies that are pre-selling. @godfather - when it comes to the idea of backing a startup company, that is a risky thing to do. with ks we are doing it with hundred dollar bills and not ten thousand dollar ones. but to me the idea of backing does come with risks. it is like stocks and gambling (but better odds) in that you should not play if you can't afford to lose. ks marginalizes those odds to a large degree, but there are risks. many here have been part of failed delivery campaigns and (knock on wood) there will be more that happen to some of us this year. when i first came to ks a few years ago i felt i was looking at something for people to get a start. now i am using ks simply to buy things i want (that will be delivered very slowly) in some ways i come here like i go to amazon. what can i buy today. ks is not going to change a thing though. i thought it was 5% they got, but i saw something saying 10%. so they are likely to get $50,000-$100,000 from blood rage. ks is "against" pre-selling and laughing all the way to the bank.
i said before i wouldn't want to feel like my hand was being forced and i don't like those exclusive tactics. if it were not a ks exclusive id be ok with that as well
cause i want to stay in this campaign and if it's just an alternative i'd be ok. if it was exclusive i would drop the campaign
@theodore - why is it bad to ask for a big monster to be added to the 5th player expansion?
@andres. please don't ask for that.
@creator... not possible to add a big monster to the 5th player expansión? that will make this expansion a great value. thank you
@godfather - iello's gc was one of the ones i was referring to.  queen's ddd was also a disaster.  i managed to get refunds for both.  alien uprising from mr b's games delivered, but a lot of the exclusives were added to the retail version and the game was no fun (for me), so i consider it one of my disasters. . teramyyd from ioworlds and a small one for custom laser-engraved dice are 2 that i'm hoping get resolved instead of being disasters. . and then i also have a bunch of really late stuff that i'm moderately confident i'll get at some point.
i know this is going to be contrary, but i would like to see upgraded player boards, maybe with punch outs to hold markers so they can't be jostled around. the upgrades could have a c-shape (think docking shape) to hold the cards. maybe some thicker cardboard for the player mat. i know zombicide mat's probably have to be thin due to sheer number of characters, but that won't be the case here. a more game friendly board would be much appreciated.
@donn - in the small-company department i have bad experiences with rocket dice from game salute, drake i & drake ii from action game miniatures and currently with 'mice & lemmings' from littlemetaldog. and total extinction by sentinel games. some of those i'm looking at hundreds of $$ loss. other small projects from oathsworn, battle systems, the game crafter and stonehaven have been very good and very timely in delivery. i dropped out of iello's guardian chronicles after the quality of the final product looked a rip-off. most other big company projects can be qualified as 'late', 'later' or 'dear god, when!?' but at least there is some progress and partial delivery.
@paul sousa: this article basically explains what i feel concerning a lot of ks projects.
@godfather - what have you been backing?  three of my worst kss were from established companies.
i think it's more a form of risk management. if you publish a game with plastic minis, you're looking at expensive molds. if the game is a comercial success, you're making a profit. with ks you can at least guaranty you'll get the minimum number of copies sold to stay in the green. once the target is achieved you can do the math for expansions, and reward the backers with some free stuff. for cmon publishing a more traditional board game, like xenoshyft or blood rage, is still a risk as they are (were) known as a miniature company. and for the backers the risk of backing a lost cause are lower; i have backed some start-up companies too and let's just say that i have had zero problems with cmon or other larges publishers, but over half of my pledges for smaller businesses are 'problematic' or even lost.
@jimmyz - this is a decent article on the topic of established companies/people using ks: http://www.engadget.com/2015/02/24/kickstarters-zach-braff-problem/
i have often wondered about the nature of ks as a premise. my understanding of it was that it was to take an idea and make it a reality. this is nothing against cmon, but it has turned into a place where existing companies can sidestep the process of being in business. what i mean is that a company like cmon should be able to make a game and sell it now. when they started, they likely needed ks to make themselves viable, but after getting established they should run like a traditional business. at least in my eyes. not harping on cmon, there are plenty of existing companies doing this. some comic companies that have been around for years but now choose to ks a new title. i live in st. louis and here someone with an existing successful restaurant did a ks to open a second store. . . some companies now have established history on ks. 15 projects created and funded. that to me is clear indication that ks has (in many cases) turned into nothing more than a way to presell items. the idea of preselling isn't bad, but in my eyes that was not the intent of ks.
so..  tyreese = thor rick = tyrr governor = odin i can see zombicide cross-over potential after all.
tv tyreese (aka the black yukon cornelius) had some epic moments and did have one good hammer scene.  but agreed that comic tyreese is the better tyreese.
punk: thank goodness, comic tyreese is nearly as awesome as thor. tv tyreese was a fantastic babysitter and all round softie. in the zombie apocalypse. which makes him very, very lame.
@rudolfo, exactly. the mythology has plenty material to use for expanding the board. hopefully this might see the light of day.
@frank, not sure if you watched the gameplay video but if you did, you'll notice you can't stick to the same cards if you wanna win. you'll get predictable and therefore your odds to win go down.
@rudolfo - not sure if tv tyreese had the iconic hammer-scene, so definitely comic tyreese.
punk: comic tyreese or tv tyreese?
lucas: just had a quick dip in wikipedia, you're absolutely correct. it seems there was also a land of the dwarves. niðavellir/svartálfaheimr. so there were 9 realms in all, where we just have 3 to play with (not counting the world tree). could potentially be another 2 boards with 3 realms each.
tyreese?
will you have an established reviewer do an in-depth review of the game? and/or post a link to the text of all the cards? my concern is that it appears that 90% of the gane evolves directly from the card draft each round. certain powerful cards will always be present. certain weaker cards will usually be discarded. apparently, there is at most one card that will not be dealt out each round?  i'm wondering if gameplay will become predictable once we've played it a few times. the player with loki will always ______ etc. etc. etc.  the minis are amazing! i fear the gameplay will fall flat after a few plays.  is there more info available?
@donn completely agreed. he's everyone's favourite hammer-wielding wayward son.
@rudolfo - actually, i think thor makes a great half a mil sg.
@rudolfo, that could be a great idea for a bigger board as the mythology without doubt leaves room for more areas. one could argue for even more provinces then those you stated. if muspelheim is included then where is its frozen opposite niflheim? i am all in for an optional bigger board with additional mythological provinces.
good morning all! it took a while to catch up with the comments and i only have one thing to add. @godfather punk, only 748 chances. i'm not dropping my eb!
the stretch goals are getting further apart because there are more people to give freebies to. that's the logic anyway.
batman: so do you think cmon will leave thor for later? wouldn't it make sense to finish the gods before moving on?
asgard dammit autocorrect!
one more point... right now we can battle over mennheim (midgard), alfheim and jotunheim. does anyone think there may be an expansion allowing us to pillage the other 3 realms? even possibly adding one more realm to increase the possible number of players to the supposed 6. we are still missing ashard, vanaheim and hel...
in all logic, the next up is thor, and maybe the sixth player addon (boar clan?)... am i the only one dreaming about a fenrir/garm/wolfy wolf wolf sg? :d
my guess is that the next sg will be at $500k and will be something special.  possibly accompanied by an add-on.
@steve liu: in that case, don`t spend more money than you`re comfortable with?
boooorrrrringggggggggggg.......  i can see cmon just "milking" sales.... next sg probably is another 50k or 60k, which is becoming more absurd... and not even kickstarter exclusive....so pointless.
gregor: agreed. particularly when we all know the next sg will be thor. would be good to reveal fenrir at the same time. mortal enemies!
@thiago: thank you sir, for bringing us heimdall :)
i hope there will be an extra big enemy in the ram (and boar) expansion box as a stretch goal, to sweeten the deal. now $30 for 12 minis a drakar and a token is a bit steep.
personally, i`d prefer if they woudl reveal two stretch goals at a time, so we (and new backers) could "work" towards  a goal. in my experience, revealing only the corrent stretch goal puts a slight crimp on the flow of new backers. but maybe that`s just me.
so thor at 510k? what do you guys think? and what do you think the next stretch goal will be after that?
dimos: afaik, you can`t get any of the add-ons without the game.
thanks for the answer. how about the artbook?
@dimos - i'm 99.99% certain they said 'no' to resin minis.
is there the option to buy just the artbook or someone should buy the game too in order to get it? also,  any option for resin le versions of the miniatures?
you should have tried backing robotech in 2013. i'm still waiting for my boardgame.
@punk sounds familiar, i also have couple waiting and every time the boxes fiannly arrives, i have to clean up my home to get space for the new stuff ;-)
@the schwarz - all i can say at the moment is that incursion is as late as any other ks project on my list.  i still have to see the first delivery on that one.
@punk i must say that i am sorry i didn't participate in incursion, saw it amongst your backed projects, is it as good as it seems?
ah, great guys.  i haven't kept up with the comments on this one as much as normal - thanks for clarifying!
monday seems like a perfect day for a new add-on. :)
@andrew morris they confirmed it for blood rage. i thought it was handeld different before in other cmon kss. but it seems i'm wrong. :-).
@thomas - thiago did confirm what andrew stated, ebs will only pay $70 per extra copy.
@thomas i think that's how its normally handled yes.
@thomas - in the past, if you're in at the eb then additional pledges are also at eb pricing, but i'm not sure they've confirmed it for this campaign yet.
i have a question about the ebs. i'm lucky and got one. when i buy multiple copies of the game i will get them all for the eb price of $70. i really like that but it feels kind of strange. did cmon handeld it the same way in the past? i'm pretty sure you had to pay the regular price for any additonal copy.
yeah. 749 chances left somebody drops out. :^d
he he @punk be patient and good luck, all good things comes to he who waits ;-)
@efty - that's a good point.  i assume that's the case as well, it just makes it tough to swallow when they fall over a weekend (which is generally slower for kses anyway).
@andrew morris they probably put them in chunks to make sure they all get unlocked together (it'd be really weird to end up with only 3 or 4 gods at the end of the campaign if it gets somewhat low funds). i assume it feels like they're dragging along with the same thing because the campaign has been going somewhat slow for the past few days. i'm sure it'll pick up more steam near the end, though.
dammit! i've been watching the eb's almost all day and just now i get some work done i miss it!
in the rulebook p.13 only 5 gods are mentioned (odin: judgment and punishment in and out of battle/thor: glory and spoils for victory in battle/loki: revenge or spoils for defeat in battle/ frigga: resources and support/heimdall: foresight and surprises/tyr: great numbers for winning battles) - so i bet only thor is yet to be revealed
yep! - that's right, we must have the wolf after thor. he he, as the miser i am i just grabbed an eb ;-)
punk: a giant wolf would be amazing. ps awesome work on the odin - give me an eye part!
cue nightmarish howling: aaaaooooooo!!!!
loki : "give me an 'f'" tyrr : "give me an 'e'" frigg : "give me an 'n'" heimdal : "give me an 'r'" odin : "given me an eye" thor : "give me an 'r'" all together : "f-e-n-r-i-r !!!"
@efty - oh, i know they're included in the ks edition for free.  perhaps that was poorly worded on what i meant.  at the time heimdall is unlocked, in regards to stretch goals, $160,000 'in a row' (for lack of a better term) will have been dedicated to the gods of asgard rules.  personally i'm a bit worn out on seeing a stretch goal for essentially the same thing over and over (especially in such a short campaign).  i'd much rather see another stretch goal thrown in here or there that's unrelated to the gods of asgard in between them (i don't recall any other cmon campaigns i've been in that felt like they were dragging this much for 'the same thing', but i could be remembering incorrectly).  having other sgs in between the gods of asgard ones would help generate further interest in other aspects of the game and give us something 'new' to talk about that we didn't already know was coming. @rudolfo - and that's all i'm hoping for.  something to get really excited about again!  cmon has always kept me excited for the duration of their campaigns in the past, and right now i'm just not feeling it with all these gods right in a row.
andrew: probably only thor left. and then who knows? that's when things will get real exciting!
@tim van der weyden i am agree that if you need x money to fund succesfully a project, you should ask for x+1 to maintain the bussiness and long term goals, but this must been seen as project expenses, no as profits. but it is more a conceptual difference than a material one, really.
@andrew morris - there's quite likely just one god left after heimdall - why would we break them up? as for 34% of the money being devoted to the gods of asgard, that's not how it works. they're included in the ks edition for free.
they may well get no immediate profit, spending all the money from the kickstarter on printing the game/expansion components/shipping. but i'm pretty sure that'll include a few hundred/thousand extra copies of the game/expansion content to sell later ;)
sorry if this has been brought up, but if there are any more gods of asgard stretch goals can we break them up with at least one other goal in between?  i feel like it's slowly being force-fed to me and i'm about to choke on it with the last five sgs essentially being the same thing.  once the next one is unlocked, it will mean that 34% of the money raised at that time will specifically be for the gods of asgard, and i'd rather just pay for it as an add-on than see further gods of asgard added on top of that amount in such a short campaign.
@daniel; even starting business should get a (little) profit out of the crowdfunding. profits can (should) carry the business further than the kickstarter/indiegogo or whatever project it is. if creators only look at what they need for the project itself, then there is no longterm vision, which will guarantee a failed business. not the way to go. =)
looks like blood rage just made it to the dice tower board game breakfast.  i hope it helps drum up some more support for this promising game.
@cmon @thiago - can you tell us if the current stretch goals and add-ons would all fit in the basic box?  i know cmon is always very good in packaging individual components but i would like to limit the number of small boxes in my collection.
on the pre-order tool discussion. note that often you get much more than you would end up using buying this in retail. at the moment if we only see the minis as value, we are paying $1.4 per mini what's not to like ;-)
yishay: yes i would. i backed more than one computer game project ( via paypal) in their early concept phase. if the creator can prsent a valid concept, some artwork and a clear plan how to make it happen, that is the basic idea of crowdfunding.
@gregor: how could it not degenerate into a pre-order tool? would you have back this project if it didn't have the miniatures ready, the art in place and the rulebook? you are buying a complete product, based on it's completeness. would you have back something that says "eric m. lang has a general concept for a viking game, which you'll get in about 2 years or so, when it's done"? i think you, and many others, wouldn't.
daniel: or the tahira game...
this is slow? you should see the grifta controller i am backing in other project ;_(
we definitely need an add-on to boost the campaign, it is very very slow....
@daniel: would it be it still were so. especially for boardgames it has degenerated to a simple pre-ordering tool, nothing more.
@tim van der weyden kickstarter is not the place to get profit. it is the place where you get funds that allow you to create projects where you get benefits... in theory xd.
@ruud2009; it would be poor business not getting a profit, wouldn't it be? ;)
im afraid im gonna end getting 2 of these, just for the mini's - i would loooove this so be a "real miniature" skirmish game - then adding some english men for the slaughter ;)
by mjölnir only 30k to hopefully thor is in play ;-)
i wouldn't be surprised if cmon makes a nice profit on this game, as they deserve to do.
@teowulff the kickstarter isn't made to make profit but to cover expenses for the production of the game and miniatures, considering everything is being produced in china i'm suspecting that they probably will make a small profit.
@teowulff the gods rule is optional. you can play with only one god or don´t use anyone.
i absolutely love all the minis and unlocks, how on earth are they going to sell them for like 1 pop a piece plus a game and still make a profit? compared with what you get for your money in other ks this is absolutely stunning!!! secondly i support those who want to buy extra sperate minis! there's a few that i'd absolutely love to have more of! like the dark elf assassin from the expansion! =d lastly i am a bit worried about all those cards and gods that have so much influencve on the game. sometimes it gives me the feeling that player skill and strategy may only have a minor inpact on the outcome of the game because you will more or less be forced to respond to all the events that gods and cards will cause.
so not my cup of tea in terms of theme, but damn the miniatures brought me in!  had to get it!
hey alex, how you doing mate?
eb open...
hi adrian, good to see you here mate!
direct link to the contest: http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/1333616/cool-mini-or-not-blood-rage-contest-ends-mar-15th
thanks the shwartz, first i'v entered where i've gotten all the questions correct. @aurel, it's on the home page under sponsored contests
i'm so happy about those sg, but i still hope for a nidhoggr and fenrir amazing detailed kickstarter exlusives sg. i know cmon can do it!!! please listen to me thiago!
@the schwartz - i see no blood rage contest on boardgamegeek.com. do you have a link?
by mjölnir! - head over to boardgamegeek.com and participate in the contest, i just did. still waiting for thor and his chariot with the goat steeds ;-)
hehe, now i'm the one that is nitpicking, i know, i know...realising the sculpt is still a work in progress;looking at the details of the sword of heimdall in adrian's painting i do hope they can translate that onto the sculpt as well, because that sword looks epic!
quote from update: "we are only barely halfway there, folks. there's still a lot we might unearth if we push hard enough." just that has me mouthwatering, the thought of what else might lay in wait... it has been good so far.
funny fact: heimdal is less than 500 meters from where i am now. no, seriously.
yes we should totally be able to buy the minis.... i might even buy some extra trolls if that was an option
and i third @gamble and @drake! give us some optional buys!
this game is awesome and i agree with @drake i'm pledged to the hilt but if you want more money give us more stuff to buy!
everything under control. nothing can go wrong. nearly done with the half dozen gods needed.
if you want me to push harder, give me something else to spend my money on. miniature add ons, please.
odin unlocked! nice, now onwards to heimdall!
i think the comment about being halfway there was referring to this being a 15 day kickstarter campaign. we are on day 8. . . so halfway there. . .
ah, there you are, son. :)
love all the updates.  the no neck / shrugged shoulders / non-proud posture of tyr strikes again!   lol.   thor next?
with odin's blessing, i think i can finally retire for the night. pretty late here... glad everybody's enjoying heimdall. i can't wait to see his horn finished!
halfway there tells me there's stretch goals all the way to 1 mil. heimdall has given us the gift of prophecy!
make us feel special. make one god kickstarter exclusive.
heimdall! looks awesome and love the ability. only barely halfway there? nice, let's get some more unlocked then
love it. thanks cmon
heimdal cometh! hopefully thor is next!
i trust in eric lang. hasn't let me down yet. and the theme is great. don't need much more myself. it's pretty solid as is. with a few more gods anyway
it is going to be slow-mo, when they don't want to give more goodies...or even bother putting on "add-ons". there has always been alot of discussion that they have been using kickstarter as a "pre-order" rather than a "funding" mechanism on their games.  so, if they feel the $ hit the right mark for their "sales & profit"  versus their investment.... they wouldn't bother bringing in more sgs or "add-ons". .... suffice to say.... i don't think this game is going to expand anyhow. i just don't see the diversity. i am just in for the miniatures. i haven't seen much gameplay reviews either so far.....these are my thoughts, you don't need to agree with me.
for odin!!!!!!!
wow has this slowed to a crawl. i hope cmon has something good up their sleeves
oh yeah bring on the goods! i'm ready to spend some mo-ney!
done and done!
i already pledged for the 5th player expansion, probably gonna pledge for the 6th as well. i'm on the fence about the art book though. it looks awesome and will work well as a painting guide, just not sure i should go for it.
odin!!!
i couldn't let this not reach odin level...
ding
just need a few more backers!!!
so close!
chaos in the old world. favourite game for me. very well balanced.  makes this a no brainerbrainer. definitely my cup of tea.
@david bernier: yes, he developed chaos in the old world.
@david yes, it's the same eric lang who's designed several games for ffg.
btw, eric lang, is that the same that works (worked?!?!) for ffg? if so, that even more awesome!
i'm in! vikings, minis...can't say no to that!
although we also need the buffer.  and then there's always the risk that no-one is awake over at cmon.  is anyone awake over at cmon to push the button?
@bruce - i know!  it's after midnight, but it's only $633 away!
man i so wanna see the next god before i fall asleep! quick, everyone, make your 30 boar clan pledge now!
man, we're close!
@andres with everything that was included with the forgotten king pledge, i felt that i easily got my money's worth.
does anyone know how soda pops prices compare between retail (not msrp)  and kickstarter?  is it worth backing?
yeah.  seems like sodapop does a lot of add-ons, but nothing is ever exclusive.
@the first ks campaign that soda pop launched had only one pledge level and they make everything available outside of kickstarter so you aren't pressured to buy everything.
@brad - how are soda pop campaigns? do they get pricey with stuff? i know cmon has the others coming this summer too.
really close to odin!
@donn it's the next project from soda pop. there is a bgg up for it already, but it's a miniatures skirmish games with 6 different teams of ninjas. one of my friends described it as blood bowl with ninjas, and the art looks amazing!!
are we going to be able to purchase extra copies of the miniatures in the game?
@brad - that sounds interesting.  what's it about?
@jimmy ninja all-stars is also coming out this month and i'd rather have that over gb.
@jimmy - for me, it's been a lot of little things.  it feels like a cash grab in that they are making everything ks-exclusive, making it seem likely that there is little interest in having a prolonged run.  their red and blue ghost add-ons are a disaster.  their backers are more interested in spamming the comments than talking about the game.  not of that's really a deal-breaker by itself.  the big one for me, though, is that any game i have that requires several games to have a full experience (ie. scenarios), very rarely ever makes it to the table.  it's just how those i game with are.
@gabriel i'm spending money i really shouldn't lol but these games look too good
i always dread the shorter cmon campaigns the most because it gives me the sneaking suspicion that have another planned right after this one ends. :p
welcome deano!
well just saw the conan crossover and i crossed on over here!
@marco - gaming the system, eh? ; )
zombicide is by far my biggest ks splurge, but i'm only missing a few of the game night promos to complete the collection. i have a hard time staying away from cmon projects, but i've only found one of them a bad purchase.
i don't even have any of the ks games i have been backing (other than cthulhu wars but i didn't exactly ks it) . . . and i already see a problem with trying to play them. with all the zombicide stuff, they box scenarios alone are what, about 40? that is a lot of gameplay time. with z, r&b, this one, conan, cw, and the half dozen less well known ones i am getting, i question when i can possibly play them. . . maybe my trip to gencon this year is a bad idea
the other thing that makes me hesitant to back the project is because of cryptozoic. they have games that are really good, but they also have games that are not so great. if the game ends up being one of the duds, i don't want to be almost $200 into a bad experience. this way i can wait for the next project and hop in and pick up everything if the game gets good reviews.
@brad cool, i'll do my best to keep an eye out lol
the biggest reason for me right now is so i can fund other ks projects. they've already hinted that there will be another kickstarter for the stuff from the second movie, so i can pick it up at a later date if i want. the second reason is while it isn't a zombicide clone, it's close enough to where i already own zombicide and it fills the same niche. i know that both games have different mechanics, but zombicide is one of my favorite games and i don't feel gb could replace it/live along side it. @marco i'll do my best to give you a heads up.
@donn @brad - i am not sure yet. i thought the gameplay looked interesting, that is what made me want to get it. i am curious what is driving you two away from it? the only reason i am not sure if i will stay is cost. ks games are kicking my ass right now. this is the most evil place ever created. . .
@brad i gotcha, i do think some things could be done different but i'm sticking with it, just like i wish some things could be different with blood rage, but again to each their own with their campaigns, but the reason i was asking was because if you were serious about dropping could we somehow workout a way for you to notify me? i've been keeping an eye hoping for an early bird to open because i honestly could save as much as i can with all the games i've been backing lol
@marco yeah, i have an eb. the campaign looked promising in the beginning, but now it looks like an ip cash grab.
@brad did you have an early bird hysteria?
@donn @tyler sorry, you're absolutely right - $30. i got confused because i've pledged for the expansion and the art book. $55 extra altogether!
i've also been on ghostbusters since day 1 and i'm going to drop it before the end.
@jimmy - are you going to stick with it?  i'm been in from the beginning, but there's a lot i don't like about it and i'll probably drop it before the end.
@tyler @rudolfo - uh.  just $30.
tyler - increase your pledge by $35, at the end of the ks you will receive a pledge manager that allows you to chose where you want to spend your extra funds.
it is interesting seeing the different campaigns. i jumped into ghostbusters yesterday. they have lots of add-ons and a higher entry point. with 6,000 backers they just broke the million dollar mark. i know cmon is intentionally not following that track with this campaign. just interesting being able to watch two campaigns going head to head with different philosophies.
@tyler - just add the money on to your pledge amount. after the project ends they will send out a pledge manager and you can choose what to spend your money on there.
first time backer here- how on earth do i buy the 5th player expansion?
fair enough!
@alex - i can see them being frustrated opening the box and going through it all and finding a campaign that requires minis they don't have. that is what i was getting at. . . and that isn't just kickstarter. if they are adding it to the expansion, i imagine it is going to be in the retail version as well, so some buyers may not even know what kickstarter is. or did monolith say they were only adding it to the ks orders?
i don't see why nordheim buyers who aren't backng blood rage would be mad, it's not like they're getting charged more for the content. then again, this is kickstarter...
@all asking for more conan stuff i hate to burst your bubble but thiago has already weighed in on the situation. . "it was awfully cool of the monolith guys to give blood rage the shoutout and incorporate our miniatures in one of their scenarios. however, we really couldn't ask them for even more. mar 4 2015 on blood rage "
@phillip - i see your point there. i didn't really look too much into what monolith said they were doing other than incorporating them. yeah, if they are making stat cards for these figures then there is nothing for cmon to do. although with that, i can see people getting the nordheim expansion and not the blood rage set being mad. they are literally getting useless components. there is no way to win there. . . @alan - i had noticed that as well. i take it 100% as a sign that the boar expansion is going to be a 6th player one and not an alternate 5th player one. it made me even speculate about the possibility of 7th player. i think making a flip over board adds gameplay and can be a board designed for more players. but they said for 5 players you simply don't ragnarok a territory at the start. so how will they add 6 players? new board for just that seems a bit silly. i think add 7th player and have front side for 2-5 and the back being different layout with maybe a 5-7 (or 4-7) player option.
it was noted, but worth bearing (boaring?) in mind!
ok i don't know if someone has noted this already but i see there's a bit of speculation about whether the boar clan would be a 6th player expansion. well i've just noticed the 5th player expansion cards are labelled 5+....5+! leaves open the possibility of more than 5 players!!
@j h - very possible.  maybe even likely.
i'm really hoping to see odin unlocked by the time i go to work tomorrow.
@philip - we get sgs for each copy of the game that we buy.
@jimmyz @theodore - i know that monolith are planning a slow wave release of expansions and additional minis, so one would hope that they released individual minis with stat cards...  ?
@yash: here's the link to the official answaer to your question: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/coolminiornot/blood-rage/posts/1154587
okay, thanks to everyone who helped explain to me how to purchase the 5 player expansion. i appreciate it.
@joe - jamie at monolith has said a few times that they hope to have it up and open by mid-march.  check the updates to confirm... @lindon - do we get stretch goals for each box we buy or just for the first one we pledge for?  if the latter, then i could see a point to your reduced price for additional sets.  if they are with each box, then how much do you want for nothing? @jimmyz @theodore - i believe you will find that if you get your hands on the conan - nordheim expansion, there are viking stat cards in there.  why then would cmon want to make one when it exists already for the crossover of a scenario being designed by monolith?
@jimmy i hear ya. it is fun to dream. i didn't back conan and have no idea what the card backs are like or anything. too rich for my blood. i wish they could do it. would make a ton of people happy...
@theodore - with regards to licensing issues, i understand your concern. but i would think this would be easily avoided because cmon would not be making anything conan. they would simply be making a player card with the viking stats. i don't think the cards had anything proprietary on them (unless it was a conan card) and as these would not have a conan image, i would think it would be outside the scope of needing a license. . . . if they were to add in a conan figure to the vikings game, then yes, they would need to do the licensing thing (or the cmon thing where it is gonan the barbarian instead. although actually, they never do allude to the names, do they. so it would instead be something like edgar the barbarian. :-d ) i do enjoy talking about these things even knowing they won't happen. . .
even says so in the updates concerning add ons.
it's how every ks in the history of ks has worked. this is no different.
don't know where it says it but i'm sure thiago can back me up later
@yash - yes... you just increase the amount you wish to pledge and when the pm is sent out, you then use it to advise cmon what you want your money allocated to.  it is how the ks system seems to run.  it would be more difficult to establish a 'what do you want to spend your money on list' for items that may not make it through stretch goals.
yash. that's how it works.
i started thinking about the personas of some of the people involved in this project and how they would match with the norse gods. so far i’ve put thiago with heimdall because he is the allseer (he sees everything and knows everything). adrian would be like tyr with his years of creative experience producing the amazing artistic inspiration. however, i’m not sure where to put eric. on one hand he would be like odin the allfather because he is the game's creator, but on the other he likely wields the mighty hammer of thor regarding its direction.  any thoughts?
@ theodore martinovich are you sure of that? where does it say that's how it works? thanks.
in for everything at the moment....  when jamie at monolith said they would be adding an additional scenario for the nordheim expansion we could use with these minis, i just had to have a look.  ffff-aaaaarrrkkkk  (crow calling)....  love these minis and the game looks sound also.  can't wait till we hit $435k to get the odin all father figure....
yash click rewards. change the price from 75 to 105. when the campaign ends you'll be charged 105 and cmon will contact you and ask what you wanted
ny understanding on the conan rights is that some of the old stories are in the public domain but conan and his likeness require the rights to use.
how do i purchase the 5 player expansion? i did not see an option for it when i made my pledge. thanks.
nope. heard them on a podcast. "on board games" i think. they talked about how it was super pricey... i would honestly forget about cmon doing it... but you never know
they paid money for the conan license? i thought it was free because the books are old.
@jimmy. monolith paid a ton of cash for the conan license. i can imagine it being on them because if cmon were to market under the conan label it would probably cost them. monolith has the ability to do that. if a deal were made anyway... that's just a guess on my part though
that makes a lot more sense. thanks. was really just curious as it seemed... kinda pointless to me... but i get it
super close!
@odinsfather - i am trying to figure out your logic. what is the reason for monolith to make crossover content? their project is over and funded already. it seems to me to be more beneficial right now for blood rage to try and entice conan players over here. am i looking at this the wrong way? . . . and i don't see how people would be missing out with conan being already funded. they could add-on now and then get conan if they wanted end of the year. i think the schedule even intends this to be in hand before conan. . . (and yes, i know to a large degree it is irrelevant. cmon said with no wriggle room that there would be no crossover content here for zombicide. i am surprised they haven't chimed in and made a statement along those lines about their intent towards conan. . . )
only 5k
another 5000 $ ;-)
theodore - people may want multiple trolls for a fantasy troll unit, or scores of vikings for historicals, or any number of other reasons. some folks like to keep one set of minis painted and one unpainted too. i personally don't care what other people do with their money or how much they spend on a game, it's up to them. i'm sure they don't see it as "throwing money away" if they derive some pleasure from their spending.
oh. well, that's a shame. so 2$ and another 50,000$ on top of that. kadima bera'al.
435 k next sg
i have upped my pledge to add both addons - and now we need 2 more dollars for the next sg. yalla balagan.
@theodore: some people use minis for their rpgs.  those minis can be expensive so picking them up where they can for "discounts" is the best route.  plus, the more variation the better in those circumstances.
@ alex... would people really pay 60$ so they could have the same thing in 2 boxes on the same shelf? seems like a huge waste of money to me when you could buy a whole other game or 2 for that price.... maybe people really have that kind of money to just throw away but.... really?
i see one good reason for monolith to make blood rage content, but for cmon to not make conan content: it is too late to back conan now, so some people will feel cheated. yeah, they can get conan retail, but still - there will be noise. then again, people always find reasons to complain, so they'll find something else to whine about. :)
theodore - to use for other games.
can i just ask.... why would anyone want multiple copies of the minis apart from resell reasons?
if monolith and cmon do not produce crossover content i can foresee backers or others producing these for themselves (just may not look as good). i certainly would but it would be extremely low cost for these producers to do it and match. the crossover would help sales now and at retail.
any idea when monolith will open there pledge manager?
i simply mean that it is monolith's responsibility to make content for their game, not cmon's, and they are doing exactly that, so i don't see any reason for cmon to produce any conan content. that said, i would not object to further crossovers of some kind!
how about offering a $5 or even $10 reduction for 2 or more copies of the game. i would sign up for that.
@alex - the reason to do it is easy. if it is just producing a card tile, i imagine it would be a fairly cheap thing to produce. for cmon to partner with monolith to cross promote a game only seems to make sense in my eyes. i am sure a good number here are conan backers already, so we would likely want to get it. there are lots of conan backers who may not be aware of this, so pointing them here might make them want to pledge. . . having said all that, i don't think they will do that because i have a feeling they have all the pieces of the campaign laid out and simply dish them out as they already planned to. @gabriel - glad you like it. i know the plan is for 3 stories and the second is about half done now. i always wait until i have a mini series before i read it, so i haven't started #2 yet, but i am anxious to.
why not? i understand that it is monolith problem but a kickstarter exclusive would be an easy and limited thing that could bring even more guys from conan into this campaign... but i understand if they don't do it (although i would enjoy it)
mjcc - why would cmon do that? that would be down to monolith to incorporate the minis into their game, which they are doing in the nordheim expansion.
i am still waiting for the "conan" add-on, with card tiles to use the trolls and other creatures in "conan" game... that would be good ;)
@lindon, considering they are charging $30 for the 5th clan (ok with a few cards and extras)  it would more likely to be $60 for the set of 4  clans, so getting an extra copy of the game may be the way to go
@lindon +1 lots of people would love to get the minis and don't need or want a board game. some backers want extra copies of the minis. because add-on copies of minis aren't needed in the game, completionist wouldn't feel pressured to add them. sadly, few games offer that as an option. there's probably a good reason but i don't know what it is.
@lindon great suggestion.
i have just jumped in this ks. what i would like to see are two or three add-ons for a full set of the monsters, a full set of the 4 core clans and possibly a full set of the gods miniatures. assuming they were a reasonable price (i would suggest $20, $20 and $10 respectively to make cheaper than getting another copy of the whole game) i would happily buy one of each to be able to use in skirmish or battle games. these would be cheap to produce (no new minis) and not affect completionists or those who dislike necessary add-ons but could significantly increase funding.
yessir! @ravenwing ;-)
less than 7k for odin. hoping thor will be the next and with a cool add-on to get us there.
@donn:  thx, that's great news
@skazz - thiago mentioned awhile ago that you can swap monsters in and out.  i'm not sure what the actual layout is, but if there's supposed to be 2 level 1's in a 2 player game (for example), you can choose to use any 2 level 1's.
the dark elf and the sea serpent seems to be only present in a three player and more game. do you know of other monsters with this restrictions?
@donn thanks! didn't really help me though, i'm in méxico, i'm guessing it'll be something like 20$.
we've made better progress towards odin than i thought we would on a weekend. sweet!
@luis - there's a shipping section at the bottom of the story page.  that'll have an estimate.  exact amounts won't be known until after the campaign ends.
less than 8k until odin.  not bad progress for the middle weekend of a kickstarter.
where can i see the shipping costs to my area?
for example
i guess shipping costs depend heavily on the country you live in. will be quite cheap for germany because there is the hub and maybe quite expensive for finnland.
hmm the shipping for the eu is $15-$25, why not just say $25 as that's always what it ends up being?
@jimmyz - i've read both, and like them.  an older one that's worth looking for is hammer of the gods.
that should be about it. currently the average pledge is around 85$ so a hundred more should do it.
done! thank you renato!
ding! welcome aboard 5000!  i'd guesstimate we need about 100 more backers to reach odin...
cool. welcome on-board:-)
yeah thats me. :) glad to come aboard another cmon great games
ding! number 5.000 just ticked in...
just 1 left till 5000 backers!
i noticed a few people no one was helping so i'll jump in. @caleb jackson, you can do either but its better to up the pledge now so it'll help us hit those sweet stretch goals! @nigel buckle, you will get your second copy at that early bird price too!
he he @lucas keep thiago alert ;-)
saturday the campaign did roughly 23.000 $ in 24 hours so if we guesstimate that sunday is a bit slower we should be able to reach the next sg in maybe 12 hours?  thiago set your alarm clock in 12 hours so we don't have to wait  - should vikings need there sleep that is;-)
@thomas depew - whos getting negative? im just stating my opinion, exactly as you are.  and please remember thats all we are doing is stating opinions not facts.....
@jimmyz - picked up helheim yesterday. good stuff.
@nick - i got ragnarok, but missed issue #2 so i need to get that before i start reading it. i am looking forward to it. i mentioned it earlier but as there is a new comic mention i shall again. helheim by cullen bunn is another great viking comic. he is like a viking frankenstein.
@kris hester there's a good reason they don't release sgs in advance. not doing so allows them to be a little more dynamic (i.e. if people want a pack of valkyries as an sg, or freyja riding a boar) with sgs, and gives them room/time to change things up, because what i've also seen happen is if they announce say, all the sgs up to 600k, but the 550k-ish goal no one really wants, the hype train that ks relies on effectively kind of dies. also important to remember this is a sunday (slowest day for ks campaigns in general), this isn't based on a pre-existing ip (more based on traditional viking art), and this is an established company (you know what you're getting and who you're getting it from, for good or for ill). also keep in mind that ks campaigns tend to draw from the same well of people. i would expect to see a lot of people here who backed conan, for example. right now, i'd imagine that all of the 'hardcore' people who found out about it early are already here. what we need to do is draw more people in who like cmon's other games, chaos in the old world, or kemet (the last 2 seem to share a lot of mechanics/ideas with blood rage, and people like those games. that's a good thing!) but still, no reason to be negative, because as this picks up steam and is mentioned on other sites/videos, it will tend to drive people here. i really do think that the lack of necessary add-ons (so far, and i hope they keep with it) is going to be a net plus, because not a lot of campaigns do that, and i almost feel better about my early bird pledge (which i managed to get into) knowing that it is very likely going to be 70 dollars + shipping, instead of the ungodly amount i spent on conan. i imagine that a lot of other people might feel the same way (because a fair number of us are completionists). but again @kris hester they have over a week to go on a little more than 2 week campaign. no reason to get so down. blood rage ks campaign has plenty of life in it yet!
though if they released a few stretch goals in advance as opposed to just the next 1 i think that would also drum more interest
yea i know how it usually works, wrath of kings, conan, journy wrath of demons, wild west exodus, shadows of brimstone all were the same but usually what happens is a massive flurry of first timers, then a bunch when its funded and they start to see fre stuff, then a push at end. im just not so sure it will have as higher influx on rhis one (as i said in original post i dont see many more unlocks we will still see some).
i still think one of the last sg will be foil cards for either monsters or gods kinda like they did in smog
anyone reading ragnarok from idw?  walt simonson is writing it, and reminds me of old school thor from marvel http://www.idwpublishing.com/product/ragnarok-1/
comparing this game with conan doesn't really work in my mind... br doesn't use minis in the same way at all and it's a much more contained game, so it's not surprising that the mini count is much lower.  the gods expansion sgs may not seem like much compared to a 5-pack of a new monster type for conan, but they do however add a lot of gameplay variation to the base game - probably more than a lot of the sgs we saw for conan, since i can see myself playing with the gods in pretty much every game of br. of course, if people are just looking for plastic, that's something else entirely - the relative value of these sgs is really subjective. i do agree though that we'll see a huge bump at the end of the campaign, and i can't wait to see what else they will surprise us with.
@martin - oh yeah, there he is.  yeah he could be next, and leave thor for last.
@thomas i think they are already working on the next campaign, and that one will take more time and much more add-ons i believe. june or july they'll start their bigger project: the others: 7 deadly sins. and with no zombicide this year (apparently) i'm betting that game will be bigger and better
@thomes agreed! no reason for whimpering and the gnashing of teeth ;-) and hey you'll get a lot for a $75 pledge!
i've backed at early bird, if i want a second copy do i get it at the early bird price too? thanks nigel
@thomas +1 and thumbs up! and still the train isn't out of steam at all since we are still sloewly raisnig funds... probably they will release another add on (boar clan either as an alternative 5th player faction or 6th player plus double sided board) in order to give another wind when we reach the next sg
+1 for more valkyrie`s
@kris hester the middle parts of any ks campaign are generally the slowest. what's really surprising to me is how short this campaign is (a little more than two weeks). a longer cycle would have allowed them to do like the conan team did, with interviews with artists/designers, ability to send out prototypes so they can have more advance reviews/gameplay videos, stuff like that. personally, i applaud their decision to not go add-on crazy, as add-ons (especially ks exclusive addons) tend to turn people off, as they feel like they need to shell out more money for things that will be available later for cheaper 'to get the complete game'. personally, i really like how the blood rage people are managing add-ons. thus far, they have one art book (that's just cool to have), and one fifth player add on (no exclusive monsters, just alts, and options for a 5th player if you want it). its the smart way to do things after the conan ks bled people dry (me included). personally, i don't think this game will set ks on fire, but i do think that it stands a decent shot of clearing 1million if they do some more exciting stretch goals. the early stretch goals here a lot of people (me included) had problems with. so that kind of deflated hype a little. then there's the fact that the goals after have been for individual figures. which is cool (as they're really well done), but there's not the 'look, for 25k more you get a pack of 5 valkyries' or something that allows the people who are backing now to feel like they're getting good-to-insane value (incidentally, 500k would be really good for a sg that included a couple different valkyrie sculpts. just saying cmon). that deflates hype a little more, as this isn't cmon's first time at the ks rodeo. no reason to get negative now. the right announcement can build a ton of hype, as can the right sgs. there's no reason to think that this can't, at a minimum, clear 600-800k. the only caveat being if that they keep the sgs low (35k-40k at the most for a campaign like this), or if they have some really nice sgs (like the pack of 3-5 individually sculpted valkyries). but there's more than a week to go, no reason to give up hope now. conan cleared 2-3 sgs in the last day (one in the last 4-6 hours), so there's plenty of life left in this.
sundays are also almost always the slowest days of a campaign
if i want the expansion pack, do i have to increase my pledge now or will there be an offer to do it after ks closes?
expect* that good ol edit button will never come :(
and hey! it's less than 12k now.
as said, a sponsored  contest on boadgamegeeks could get the train rolling again ;-)
guys i would nt worry so much - this is a cmon ks so the last 48 hours will be another burst of backers similar to the first 48 hours - that is how it works - every ks project previous to this one has been the same, the vets will know this. except a few more sg's easily and maybe a add-on too to help keep the second wind going - the gods will be easily reached, and hopefully fenrir and nidhogg get some love too :)
there will probably be one more add-on at least (another clan?).
i think the old train has ran out of steam now, by that i mean that most who were going to back this probably have and i dont see too many stretch goals now which is a massive shame as i want more
i was unaware of ratatoskr being a giant squirrel. it would be incredible to have a squirrel included in this game. sorry @donnbobhardy i didn't realize when you brought up squirrels that there was a reason behind it. i enjoyed it but just thought it a tangent.
while i do expect that they will finish out the gods of asgard variant with the 5th god they were planning, very likely thor/heimdall, i think freyja could be interesting. mostly because the idea of a falcon-clad goddess riding the boar, hildisvíni, could be a very fun mini to have, and there are a few things i thought of as to what her power could be. that said, i would be totally down for them just moving on to another variant, as i think the more ways to play/modules to add in the base box, the longer of a shelf life the game will have (and the more interesting it can get).
@nick watch the video again. the art of heimdall is shown briefly with him holding a sword and carrying gjallarhorn on his back.
i'd be good with ratatoskr too.  i think we need a giant squirrel mini.  he could let you move a leader from one zone to another or something.
watching the video, thor is the only other god shown.  so i'm betting thor.  but i really hope they keep bring new ones.  i would love some of the monsters from ragnarok, jörmungandr and  fenrir.
i'm betting on heimdall too!
i was thinking the same as daniel
i think that the next god will be heimdall
yes let's stretch it all the way to thor ⚡️
@roger, odin is there i'm cheering for thor as the next sg after that.
thor -thor -thor! and his goat steed driven chariot too,gimme gimme! ;-)
don't you mean odin?
@lance, @skazz: like any other resource and investment, in any kind of game (and in real life), i think this is about returns per investment. your roi for rage is high on the first age, as it is gained twice after that point. however, at the second age it's value is halved - each point will only be used once, and on the third age it plummets - you will not use that stat again for anything other than points at the end of the game. glory, too changes worth as you get farther into the game - it is always worth your next wins x points invested, and the amount of future wins keeps plummeting as you go forward in the game, and the roi is higher the earlier you get it. however, at the end of the game it is the best stat to get, because it is the only one that translates into cold hard vps. horns, i feel, is the weakest - its important, yes, as it gives you more dudes on the map; this being a dudes on the map kind of game, more dudes on the map is good. however, if you manage your battles well and stick to a guerrilla like tactic where you fight on one zone, then move your warriors to another one (or re-summon them as needed), the hard limit on units on the map seems to be less... limiting. it seems like this would be my dump stat, but i could see someone spreading all around and going loki style, trying to lose every battle he can to suck all the rage out of other players. over all, the stats seem balanced, with horns a little underwhelming and rage being great at the first age and useless at the last one. it seems like managing this would be once of the focal points of winning the game, and it is a testament of good game design.
less than 15k before thor, i think we can get that today.
@"rat" hardy ok, i forget stuff. ty
@jacob - that was my understanding.
dear cmon, make fenrir a thing, and i will increase my pledge by 30 dollars. love and kisses, -me
@the donn knight, there's no adjustments in draft for the extra player just added cards, right?
@jacob - i think the only difference is that you add the 5+ cards and don't destroy a starting region.
@ noitamies: not sure if the game itself is that great, especially as it seems that luck plays a rather big role - but the minis are gorgeous! :d
oh man, i just read the alpha rulebook, and i forgot to ask if there was a new rulebook or expanded rulebook that covers setup for 5+ players? did we already cover that?
for people who are still wondering should they back this game: just watch the gameplay video and rules and... i was "sure!" after that. :)
ravenwing: or cmon and the boys release an optional expansion with the boar clan or some other awesome surprise and get us all to pledge another 35 or so!
still need another 17k for odin. 170+ new backers or existing backers pledging for extra games.
@lance thanx and i can recommend cave troll as a good intro game to kids to fantasy and board games. i've tried with arcadia quest but it is to advanced. anyway pledge for blod rage by mjölnir! ;-)
drank too much...started talking to batman last night... i want a lumberjack clan, dead parrot clan, the clan of funny walks, and the clan who says ne. @skazz, weird. kramer leiste? i had no no idea that style of board had such a specific categorization.  that's neat.
melekh: completely agree. add balder and the boar clan and you have my dream list that i hope we get before this ends.
i would say we need thor, fenris wolf and utgardloki
what we need next is a mounted valkyrie!
@the schwarz it's cool man! nice to have a new boardgamer aboard!
@yishai and lance : thanks for the clarification, that as some kind of relief. the i really get the wrang impression from the gameplay videos.
as far as i know the scoring across the edge of the board is called the 'kramer leiste' as is present in a lot of euro games. named after wolfgang kramer, a german game designer.
awright @lance and @kaloyan i'm a mere apprentice when it comes to these types of games. since cave troll being about winning rooms and collecting points when you dominate, is a little like blood rage you can sell blood rage to others because i feel blood rage is a turbo x 1000 upgraded cave troll like game. also one of the reasons why i'm in, because cave troll is fun ;-)
@the schwartz lords of waterdeep tracks the score in the same way, and has some other mechanics that are similar as well (limited number of rounds; quests; cards with passive benefits; etc).
@thiago i don't if you have already planned it, but a sponsored competition at boardgamegeek could also attract more backers ;-)
@the schwarz not sure what you mean exactly... but from what i got from it, basically every euro game (example ttr or russian railroad to name 2) has a point track that goeas around
@skazz i noticed that too because upgrading rage gives you "more action points" ... but as @yishai noted going only for that will limit your chioices in the long term because either you don't gain much glory from fights or you can't benefit on having more people on board
itm, so only less than 20k to go and we have next sg!, btw, my comnents on the similarity between the scoring system in troll cave and blood rage are meant as a compliment, troll cave is a fun game and blood rage is just like troll cave on steriods much richer and more tactical ;-). i have only seen the concept of scoring along the edge of the board in these two games. does anybody else know about games that uses this concept ?
just you - it depends on the time you use it, but generally putting points into rage should have less returns at the second age and no returns at the third age. you'd have more rage than you can use, and no way to get warriors into the field because of the lack of horns; also, winning fights will be less beneficial for you. i think it's the best stat for the first age, but after that it becomes significantly less worthwhile. the glory one, i think, should be the best - you always get returns on it if you use it well.
is it just me or is 'rage' always the best choice if you can choose your upgrade stats. in the game play videos everybody seems to take rage when upgrading stats, seems a little bit unbalanced.
look guys my family have to eat and that won't happen if there is an add-on for spam clan!
as far as licensing issues goes, cmon dodges that by simply making a nod to characters. i brought this up briefly earlier when talking about the idea of the helheim comic getting a monster mini. in both rum and bones and zombicide they have many figures that are popular licensed characters but they simply tweak the names of them. i am sure in r&b there was no pirates of caribbean simply because they chose not to do that crew. the helrokker crew is the band kiss. . . ragnar and pals would be really cool, as would monty python. i almost think python would fit better as a group in r&b or individuals in zombicide. either one i would have bought in a heartbeat.
thanks guys. an ahistorical show about vikings is fine as long as it's good and doesn't claim to represent history. i definitely appreciate the heads up. having fun with ancient settings is fair game!
good morning from spain, guys!!! thank you for the viking texts someone posted yesterday (or last night, not sure ^^u)
coralline: vikings the tv series is fun to watch, but don't expect more than a nod to historical accuracy.
@coralline i'm a big fan. season 3 just starting now.
@coralline i'm a big fan. season 3 just starting now.
@andres yea i am in chicago
i dont really have the funds to purchase new games right now, but any chance of getting my hands on some of these individual miniatures at some point? thanks.
@rudolfo - no, that's an owned intellectual property. can't do it without spending a boatload on licensing rights. lots of people were asking for a one piece or pirates of the caribbean crew in r&b but it was impossible for the same reasons. is the tv show good? i haven't seen a minute of it.
yeah smith's heimdall is really cool! we're definitely going to see both him and thor by the end of this ks.
@thiago: adrian smith's rendition of heimdall and the gjallarhorn is truly sublime. i beg of you kind sir, if you haven't already made a sculpt of him, please get someone on it as soon as possible. night all.
unsure about the popularity of the monty python clan, but how about a vikings tv show clan with ragnar, floki, lagertha, rollo? how awesome would those minis be? cmon has used figures from popular culture in zombicide in the past...
of course the monty python clan would need to fly under the banner of the moose. moose bites can be pretty nasty you know. my sister was once bitten by a moose...
i'd want my monty python clan to be made up of all the people who were, at one time, responsible for sacking people, and subsequently were themselves... sacked. (_    _ )o
it's late and i need to get back to my patrol.  until tomorrow.
i've been reading a lot of elf lately, of which contains brognar, cat hunter... let me just get to the point - can we have a cat clan? it could supplement my other idea to have a monty python style variant game with new clans, like the chicken clan or the flan clan...yeah?
i would suggest a bat clan, but it would appear that the norse were not big into bats.
@thiago aranha - cmon are we going to see the boar clan 6 player game as an add-on?
ok.  i'm good to go.  several of the joker's goons will be joining soon, too... if they know what's good for them.
@thiago - noted.  to the batmobile!
well, you better hurry, then. i heard the joker was about to set fire to his big pile of cash.
even batman needs to go to extremes to pay for his ks addiction.
@thiago - aw, man.  i guess i'd better drop.  eb opening in 3... 2... 1... wait.  what am i thinking?  i'll come up with another way.  maybe i can pound some cash out of joker.
@batman: just a heads up, kickstarter no longer accepts this: http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/batman/images/d/d3/gothcard.jpg
@batman +1million
sorry.  i'm in gotham.
anyone here a chicago gamer by chance
just played cave troll with my youngest earlier this evening. funny how the board if rhis game has the same scoring counter as blood rage, and you also fight to dominate areas and collect points. but that's were it stop to bw comperable, blood rage is a much more tactical game, but there are similarities. has anybody else noticed this?
@frank, as i understand the rules the two cards left out are per player when they have drafted 8 cards but are only allowed to keep 6. as one age-deck consists of 33 cards the following cards are not in use depending on player count: 2 player game = 21 cards not being used 3 player game = 15 cards not being used 4 player game = 9 cards not being used if so, the variety should be fine.
@cambo neat!
i've been wondering about the number of cards. in a 4 or 5 player game, all cards are dealt out except one each round. does it seem like there needs to be more variety? are there some cards that seem to rarely be selected? on the one hand, i can see the advantage of knowing that certain cards are most probably in someone's hand, even if you didn't see it do to the first round draft order. on the other hand, if there are certain cards that are rarely drafted, do they need to be modified or replaced?
found some old public domain books on norse mytholgy that were scanned by google: http://moodleshare.org/mod/page/view.php… can't vouch for the quality, but they're free!
scandinavian museums might also be a good place to look for mythology books, they mostly have their webpage in english.
@jacob, your welcome. this approach worked for me. i ended up reading source material and sagas but it was my initial reading of the myths in regular story telling form which probed my interest.
a strategy &  gameplay update would good. what are the advantages of playing ships?
@lucas, thank you. i'll just have to start looking.
@jacob, i can't give you a direct recommendation since the litterature that i have been reading on both history and myth has mostly been in danish. however my approach to mythology has been to start with a book which tells the different myths in an easy and enjoyable language. if you develop af taste for more information then i'd suggest looking at non-fiction books on the subject which might add additional interpretations and info. if you google for a booklist on the subject i'm guessing you can get som great recommendations in english?
i was thinking it'd be cool to have a monster piece with like 3 draugr on it, to show that you summoned an army of them
https://www.artstation.com/artwork/unity-5-the-blacksmith-concept-art
hey, i know that this might break up the flow of things, but i was checking stuff out on artstation and ran across this concept by georgi simoneov and it fit the theme, so i thought you might be interested. laslo forgach, the guy than rendered the minis for conan, and adrian smith have a page, too if you're interested. @thiago, where the artists for this project. ima lookem up. @lucas @martin, any good myth/history references for laymen?
coralline - agreed, sleipnir and fenrir would be my choices too!
personally i do not understand whats so cool about a hourse with eight legs. apart from having more flesh to eat of course ;-) @thiago thanks for the information :-)
dragons are great but i think the sea serpent was a far better choice. i'd rather have sleipnir or fenrir if we get another beast. something less common and more famously norse than a dragon. of course a dragon would still be cool.
@skazz: the wolfman is a bit bigger than the vikings. not a lot taller, but physically more imposing.
@thiago im with ya dude, love this comment board. i'd gladly go head to head with anyone here in blood rage when i get the chance
hi guys, i just wanted to drop in to say i'm honestly very happy with the level of discussion you've been developing here. the whole "to add-on or not to add-on" thing can be very volatile, but it's truly a breath of fresh air to see it handled between you with such level headedness. people with different points of view sharing their insight and seeing the value of the other side's opinions. it just makes me proud of the community being built here.
@bruce - indeed. i'd add-on either of those options.
@bruce - indeed. i'd pledge for either.
eb open by the way...
any idea how huge the wolfman gonna be?
@jason well based on the concept and box art, we're all expecting a 6th player add-on or at the very least another 5th player expansion with a boar clan. so free up another 30 bucks lol
i was uncertain about backing despite how awesome this game looks. however, after looking at all the stretch goals that have been blown through, and watching the videos, i joined in; even pledged enough to cover the 5th player add-on. to be honest, i wouldn't be opposed to increasing my pledge if something else besides the art book was listed as an add-on .
@caleb. we do not forget heimdall but in the intro film there are only five gods mentioned and also in the components box on the story page there only seems to be enough space for five gods. but this is only a guess.
in sweden we call them "lindorm". that is the serpent like dragons that is depicted on our runestones.
yeah! dragon with corpse meat!
regarding dragons or serpents.  in the völva’s account of ragnarök (to tales of ragnarök exists) the tale mentions  “the dragon” nidhöggr flying through the air with corpses in his jaws. despite nidhöggr normally being referred to as a serpent in the litterature (a serpent gnawing on one of the roots of yggdrasil) one can go with the single mentioned of him as a dragon and argue that there’s room for a dragon in the game with corpses sticking out of its mouth… now that could be a worthy sg:-)
i know everyone's excited about the upcoming thor sg, but reading  the comments everyone seems to have forgotten about heimdall. he already had cards in the game, so will be the 6th god. maybe him at $470k and thor at $500k?
well you could call it co-op game, every clan fight for the same course, for the norse gods.
@j-f i'm glad you pointed that out, what are good extreme examples of how their campaign strategies have panned out? i liked that thiago has been engaging and has been monitoring commentary and thoughts and has responded to them within reasonable time, and the updates seem appropriate. thoughts? @paul and @collector ...fenris? *shrugs* yeah? who's about that? ...yeah? and snake/lizard dragon because vikings need blood and glory and yeah?
steve - how could it be co-op?
we can just say there is dragons but they are extremely rare :)
it needs....perhaps more...add-ons to spur the pledge.  yeah, i know for some it might be hefty, but without that...the pledges aren't going to move faster.... obviously, the sgs are encouraged... i am hoping this board would be co-op aside pvp as well,or i missed some rules about it?.
i do remember that the dragon were more part of vikings from norway's stories, the dragon might just be very rare and hardly seen.
@the collector - true, just used to fire drakes being considered dragons. :) @j-f audy - good point with those comparisons.  i like this style of campaign myself as it is very intentional.  granted i also loved the madness that was conan, but now i worry when that will actually be delivered (i optimistically am hoping by christmas).
and i know its a bit strange to say dragons are not in the norse mythology when they have dragon ships, ironic i know.
just so you know, this campaign is not an anomaly in my opinion. it's more in the vein of dogs of war and world of smog in the sense that the game is solid and fully tested and does not necessarily need miniature to be a great game. miniatures, in this case, elevates the quality of the components and the experience. it's a smaller campaign but, if they're following the same path as the two other games that i mentioned, there's a good chance that we get the game on time, even in advance (like dogs of war).
@paul sousa, well ya, but they don't have wings and they are more like really big lizards.
@the collector - i thought fire drakes were a part of norse mythology?
hmm a dragon, doesn't really fit into the viking world/myth, its mostly very big serpents rather then dragons.
@andres - for every one backer like you there's a crowd of backers that want this game, but simply can't afford to spend $200+. cmon is handling this campaign beautifully so far. @paul - right right right. it's going to take more than one project to know for certain but i hope this is a sign that their history of driving away sizable numbers of backers, whether by poor communication, late fulfillment, or nickel and dimming us, is beginning to change. it might be an anomaly, but other actions suggest that they may have learned some useful things from their detractors (they're often also fans). when this kickstarter started, they made sure to keep posting updates and answer some questions in their other unfulfilled projects. that's an impressive change.
@jacob - just to clarify, my pre-order comment wasn't meant as a criticism of their approach, more that this campaign probably is designed to stay very much in control funding wise and not shoot for the moon with a ton of ads-ons and sgs.  i mean with the initial hype and first two days success they could have blown this thing through the roof with amazing sgs and add-ons, but everything so far has seemed much more tactical on their end.
@jason aw man did you see the sculpt for the conan dragon, it's awesome! if cmon does one for this game i hope it's all crazy snake - like and rawrgh!! i'm stupid pumped about this game!
@paul i don't know the companies behavior well enough to say, but based on opinions via comments and that the publisher has been using the platform for a while it would seem likely. as for using the site as a way to pre-order their product, i also agree it seems that way despite a lot of people's opinions seem to disagree with that as a tactic. i don't know. i don't know if that's an abuse of the platform, i wouldn't necessarily call it unethical. probably just irritating to a lot of people. i don't know enough about the argument. @lucas, my first instinct would to be to remain flexible and diverse enough with a product to maximize revenue, although i can't blame people for using less scrupulous tactics for revenue, but there has to be a line drawn before it becomes consumer abuse, in which case i hope the consumer has enough sense to bail out. but in this case, despite my raging enthusiasm (yay, puns), i want the campaign to rocket off like conan did, but my rational mammal mind reminds me that everything from what i've seen seems to be moving at a fairly normal if not slightly better pace than excepted, which is good. i think they made some pretty good decisions based on what i've seen and i don't expect any hiccups unless there's a  cataclysm or factory explosions or shipping problems.
@zedsdead +1 also really like that the gods sgs, while maybe not as flashy as a lot of the sgs we see in other campaigns, are going to add up to a very substantive expansion of the game - not just bloat
eric is top god in this ks not odin.
i think this campaign is a purposeful anomaly by cmon.  they have a game that is basically ready to go so they are running a short campaign with limited add-ons and aren't trying to drive funding through the roof.  while i know ks isn't a pre-order technically, this campaign feels as close to a pre-order of any i've been in.  even their approach with sgs and add-ons seems like it was a very well thought out plan to not add a bunch of superfluous product that would delay delivery.  i am sure they have an idea what percentage of backers will grab the next add-on and what that will mean in terms of unlocked sgs.
i am all for a dragon as long as it doesn't look like a giant lizard...
i think that you are right that companies somtimes push it to far pursuing "whales" to fund their products instead of getting all customers on board by segmenting their products. look at this campaign for a succesful example of how to do it. selling the 5th player package as an add-on are just right. this way cmon are able to cater to two different segment. people only willing to pay a certain amount for a board game (let’s say 75$) as opposed to mini collectors or board game players with big gaming groups which likes the 5th player add-on. this way cmon caters to two different customer groups and increase their revenue and the success of the campaign. so additional add-ons are not necessarily an ‘evil’ neither but simply a clever way to get as many different pledgers on board as possible without relying on fat whales only;-)
ooh, dragon would be cool as hell!
that's very interesting. it hadn't occurred to me before, but that's a very agreeable position. what i say next comes from a position of one with little collectable miniatures experience,  but i recently watch a review of a position on the fallible to of marketing in free to play video games in which, i presume, many target players with deep pockets, referred to as whales, where as all the other little fish depend on the additional content provided by the whale funds to participate in play. but the capitalizing of the psychological hooks needed to keep whales playing can be pushed too far, creating the vicious circle scenario and driving away big spenders and consequently the casual free players. i mention this because although, personally, i really jumped into what i would consider a niche market with collectable minis (thank you conan and nostalgic fandom), it seems that there are a lot of recent minis games (ida know, imo) and no way too reduce the purchasing costs across the board. i understand that design and more ducting and manufacturing are all very expensive, but on the other hand it seems unlikely that people can participate in so many fun looking games without discretion or very deep pockets. is it possible that this is a correlative trend that people see an opportunity to start a company/sell a product on, confidence that so many companies try to produce similar table top products? or am i looking at it from a skewed perspective?
more add-ons please!!! like more trolls dragons what not!!!!
i've get enough pledged so far as to cover the boar clan add-on if and when they come out with it.
i'm on tha same waggon as @lucas - my point exactly, add more backers by making an attractive ks. which it is ;-)
@lucas: hmm, that is also a good point. i love it when we have civilized, intelligent discussions.
@jacob: i think you make a pretty good point, but a lot of people here would disagree, what with all the anti-add-on comments we've seen here so far. besides, the money raised getting to the god sgs could allow cmon/guillotine to have the fund necessary to release further add-ons, which would net us more sgs, which would make for further add-ons, etc, etc. it's what's called a virtuous circle (like a vicious circle, only positive).
jacob, i'm not sure if it would have changed anything for the better. if the gods were sold as an addon there is no doubt that the average pledge per backer would have increased however, including the gods in the core set for backers properly increases the total amount of backers by the end of the campaign and thus the total amount pledged. i think cmon did the right thing by not providing the gods as an addon as i think the overall funding will increase more this way. as i see it, the best way for doing this succesfully are to get as many backers as possible as opposed to relying on fewer backers with deeper pockets.
@andres: eh, you're already contributing plenty, no need for excuses. i wouldn't pay any heed to anyone whining your pledge amount isn't enough; if they're not contributing at least as much as you (which is unlikely at best), then they have nothing to stand on, and if they are, well, they're terminally blinkered fanboys incapable of understanding the concept that not everyone has the same disposable income level. at this point you can safely let others make a pledge or raise their amount. and even though we're seeing the typical mid-ks slump take effect compounded with the also typical weekend slowdown, we still saw an increase of over 20k $ and almost 200 backers today so far, and it'll probably go up more by quite a bit before midnight, so i still say this is a good day.
i may have sold a coworker on backing. we might be $75 closer. oooooh i can't wait to see what's next! i'm dying!! blegh...!*(death rattle...) curiously, though, someone earlier had an interesting idea suggesting that it would have been a better marketing decision to see the total set of gods as an add-on seperately because they're not critical to core game play and are instead used as a variant rule of normal play. if more sg were planned, then they could have been down shifted to replace those slots. this is all rhetorical, but does anyone have any thoughts on the matter?
man, everybody is making great points today! stretch goals bring in new backers who didn't think the initial game set was worth $75. as more minis are added to the core box, more people will feel this is worth the money. kickstarter history suggest that sunday will probably be slower than today. the collector nailed it. weekends are usually slow. more people are playing their games than buying them. it's a good sign. it means that lots of gamers are actually enjoying these things and that keeps the industry healthy.
see ya in the morning :-)
@andreas right you are but i just think we should spread the word, because the amount of minis youl get for a $75 pledge are enough to attract other pledgers. swing that mjölnir and get it done ;-)
i am sorry i want to increase my pledge,  i want to help get odin.  but i am already pledged for two games and expansions and the book.  i just don't see any reason for more....  i get the sgs anyway,  so why do anything?
no matter what happens here. i'm still looking forward to getting this game. i had a blast watching the play through video.
the weekend is also one of the slow times of the week, adleast that's what it looks like with those ks i back, hen again most of them had the tendency to be launched in december or other times where people have no time or money.
stretch goals make it note attractive for anyone who hasn't pledged to pledge. that is at least $75. better than expecting customers who have already pledged to increase their pledges with add-ons.
@donnbobhardy i guess i thought i would see more of a boost with this like zombicide only because it's made by the same company.
i would be surprised. . . not surmised.  . . ooops
jason we are steadily raising our numbers even without many add ons… a bit slow maybe but still the counter is raising! also these days are usually the slowest one in the majority of the campaign!  if we are talking of a campaign that are in bad shape just look t ninja dice expansion: it completely stopped after 2 days… there i could see a reason to use add on… this campaign however doesn't need that and i doubt there is much more to unlock after the gods! (maybe fenrir and nidhogr and also i see possibility for foil cards) if the campaign stays like this i'm completely fine with it because we will unlock everything by the last day… just chill and enjoy the various discussions! people here now know that i tend to get into very heated discussion but still it's what makes the discussion interesting and also keeps the campaign into a trend because the more comments= the more exposure it gets!
@jason - i am fairly new to kickstarter as well. but looking at how this one has gone, we raced forward for 3 days and only slowed down on the sg front yesterday really. i think we still got 2 yesterday though. i would be surmised if we don't find this sg achieved in the morning. and then likely the sunday sg will be achieved by monday morning. and if they give us something to add-on, maybe sooner on both. @ryan - i don't get how stretch goals can increase the overall pledge amount. there is not a single stretch goal they can offer that will get another dollar from me. as a backer the only way for them to tap into my reserve any further is by offering an add-on. don't get me wrong, i don't want to just throw money at them (except for the @thiago beer fund), but if there is an add-on i find cool i am down for it. with rum & bones i spent a fair amount but did not get all the add-ons (extra dice at $10 never makes sense to me). with conan i spent even less. i really wanted to, but they had so many add-ons i couldn't justify anything that would be available in a store later. i haven't played the game, how can i commit to 4 expansion at $50 each? if there had been just one i likely would have.
@jason - ah.  i'm looking at your history.  not everything will explode quite like zombicide and conan did.  but this is moving at a good clip and will still receive a good boost once the final 48 hour email goes out.
well this is only my 3rd kickstarter i've backed. so maybe you guys are all right and i'm just being pessimistic about it.
@coralline thanks. that makes me feel better. good information to know :)
@jason - i think there are probably only 5 or 6.  we've already got 3 and 10 days to go.  now, if there were 20 of them, i might be concerned.
i think you will get more backers by having stretch goals which increase our totals. if you add in more add-ons people will drop out of the whole thingthing altogether. the game plus game add-ons are alreadyalready at  $105. people can't pay much more for just a single game even if it has great miniatures. if it gets much higher cthulhu wars will be an alternative to those looking for a new citow game.
as playing pieces i think the gods should just be sg's for us to achieve, just like now. however, as they're so awesome sculpts (at least odin is) i'd love if we had the possibility to have resin casts of them in x 2 or 3 the regular size as add-ons. not as gaming pieces, just great looking models in their own right.  hel, if they look this good i think cmon could launch their own norse mythos line of wargaming minis eventually ;-)
i just don't see use getting them all unlock the way things are going.
@theodore - i don't think you're in as small a minority as you think. lots of people don't like exclusives, they miss projects, or prefer to buy in shops. the reason you see some people ask for more and more exclusives is because they're either passionate collectors or they're ebay resellers. most gamers just want a fun game with a lot of cool figures. most backers don't really care if game minis are rare or not, but collectors and resellers ask and ask and ask for them because it makes "their" stash more valuable. just kickstart a cool game with good minis at a great price, and if we can't back, let us buy the base game in shops and sell most of the ks bonus minis as add-ons. just don't sell tiny plastic minis for more than metal minis. those arcadia quest add-ons are a shameless rip-off. i'd love that game but i refuse to buy it. they tried to sell each individual r&b mini for $10 at first, too, but backers started dropping out and others put their foot down in the comments and cmon came to their greedy little senses. i pledged $220 for r&b but i would've dropped my pledge completely if they tried to fleece us for $10 per add-on plastic mini again. wisely they changed their price and kept a lot of backers. give us a fair price for a fun game and the add-ons. we'll back it. so far this one is turning out pretty great. big kudos on this project. @the collector - ditto!!!!!!
@jason - also, what makes you think we won't get them all for free?
@jason - how do you figure?  you only use 2 per game.
they are only worth getting them for free if we can get the full set. other wise they are worthless to me to use in the game.
@jason - if you'd like, you can pay for them anyway.  they're... hmmm... $5 each?  so just raise your pledge by $20 and you'll get all of them along with your base game.
why would you want to pay for them when you are getting them for free?
these god minis should of been a add-on pack. not as stretch goals.
if they want to raise more money, then they need to give us some more add-ons. or a good reason to up our pledges. so far i see no reason to do so.
i am onboard with more females.
i'm probably also in the minority about this but i would like to se some more female vikings, maybe with less skin showing but still showing curves, and maybe some alternate versions of the valkyries.
we could have thor as the $470k and still have something different as the half a million sg.
@the collector - lol i'm guessing it's one of those but i won't say witch. ^_^
i know my mentality is irrational... but that's how i am... i know i'm a crazy minority...
@the collector - that hasn't stopped them from offering add-ons in the past. giants are hugely popular, expansive in metal or resin, and most companies that make them in plastic only have a few models of each type. there's a demand. the giants were one of the few reaper bones models i ordered multiple sets of. i'd buy multiples just to use in the new pathfinder "giantslayer" ap. it even has a troll on the cover of the 1st one, this is perfect timing to add some giant and troll minis to the gaming market. i have about 30 giant and troll minis. that's about 1/4 of what i need. the problem is lack of variety of plastic models and the high cost of large metal/resin monsters. let us add more to our pledge if they aren't going to retail.
@coralline algae, they might have learned from that mistake... or its just accidental :)
wanna boost the totals? les us buy extra copies of the minis! the giants and trolls are amazing. a lot of people who have zero interest in board games would back for add-ons simply to get their hands on multiple copies of the large figures. i really appreciate cmon's decision to show us unpainted versions of these figures. r&b was handled terribly in that regard. gamers want to see exactly what they can expect to get. well done.
considering that the add-ons are not directly something you would buy more then one of might also slow things down.
@toast - well said man. i feel exactly the same about kickstarter exclusives. for some reason i always miss the sde kickstarters, but thankfully i'll be able to add forgotten king to the rest of my sde stash once it hits retail. i bought every bit of my sde game at retail. people often miss these projects. if we can get a game on kickstarter with a lot of added figures, for a fair bit less than retail, we'll spend our money here. people who miss out on the ks savings shouldn't miss out dozens on minis too. i don't have any issue with having a few ks exclusives, but one after the other seems like a ridiculous waste. at least offer them as limited editions.
@jacob- a lot of people will also hit the 48 hour reminder button, and a lot of a ks pledges are made than.  we are in the middle of the campaign known as the ks doldrums, yet this ks is still pulling it's weight which is great.  there are more backers for this campaign than there rum and bones campaign had, so that's good. i wouldn't mind a better add-on the the 5th player one because we could use a boost. hopefully the conan backers become aware of the scenario that would use the mini's from blood rage.
they could now some beasts like fenrir or jörmungandr (the serpent)
yeah i could see the half a mil mark being something super cool (not that the gods aren't super cool lol) like fenris as a third age monster, then return to finishing up the last god, and then evening out the field with a first and second age monster.
i was on board for fenris, but i never made any noise about it because i assumed that it was a given considering the content and the theme. if it is in fact in question then i am one who wants to promote the idea of releasing a fenris figure with the set.
the consensus around here seems to be that we will get at least one other god in the form of thor and maybe one more in the form of heimdall. however. do you guys think that we will get a 500.000 sg which might be used for something even more grand and not a sixth god (which would be too predictable then). don't get me wrong as i'm not trying to insinuate that the previous sg miniatures haven't been amazing. they have:-) just speculating if something more differentiated might be in store for us? like fenrir or a double sided board as some have been hoping for. both would both be amazing and a nice way to celebrate the accomplishment of hitting the 500.000 mark:-)
@bruce @theodore i've been watching kicktraq, too, and i was thinking it was going to hit in the neighborhood of 700-800k by the end. i also thought the odin reveal was going to move things along as well. what would be the determine factors in a sales/pledge boost? is it slow because this is a first quarter thing, or because income tax for us buyers may not be refunded yet? or because people are drained from big investors like conan? or do most backers usually just wait until near the end of a campaign to see how things pan out?
@theodore martinovich i understand in a game that you love and would use it all, but the fact that you don't have all the figures for arcadia quest should not take away from the fact that it sounds like you love the game. the fact that you wish you would not have gotten arcadia quest because you can't get everything for it seem crazy to me.  do you like the game? yes. do you have fun playing the game? yes. will there be plenty of other arcadia quest stuff that you can buy? yes. you feel how you feel, but i would just enjoy what you do have. i did not back aq and have been thinking about getting a copy because of all the good buzz about the game play. that is also more a problem with ks exclusives not add-ons in general.  i have no strong feeling either way on ks exclusives.  i know some love them, and some hate them.  i know it is done to get the people to pledge now rather than wait for retail, but i don't know if it is actually necessary.  it seems to me that these companies are leaving money on the table when these games hit retail. look at the super dungeon explore: forgotten king campaign.  they had tons of add-ons and no exclusives and they did quite well.  you will be able to buy everything in retail, and still they brought in over a million dollars. then there is ghostbusters.  i am going to wait for retail, and it is full of exclusives stuff, but i want to see some reviews of the game play. if the game turned out to be good i would have bought some of these exclusive add-on in retail but i won't be able to.  not a smart business decision in my opinion.  why let the speculators make all the money on e-bay?  you already spent all the time and money to take this stuff, so why restrict it to ks backers? now that i mention it i should get one of the ghostbusters just to sell on e-bay later.
i'm hoping for a good bump when the boars hit. was hoping it'd come with the odin reveal to help speed through the last of the gods figures
@thomas this ks will clear 800k easy. and probably a lot more. the last 2 days are huge always. the estimate right now is over 1 million http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/202091912/
@jimmyz - thanks for the helheim info. that looks awesome.
looking forward to the allfather/odin mini & hoping for a thor mini too..
@thomas - will problably see heimdall before thor
@alpharius awright i give in to to the not danish spelling of ragnarök, i can se that the usage of terms in the game is taken from the icelandic sagas... is this correct @thiago ?
we still haven't got the assumed thor sg released. so while we may have 30 to go for odin there is a follow up amount +/- 35k to clear thor. it's already taking a couple days to make the last couple of sg on average so 10 days isn't really a done deal to clear 2 more stretch goals if there isn't something to push the pledge amounts.
epic indeed my man ;-)
slowing and slowing @thomas greeley there still 10 days to go and less than 30k to next sg
@ the schwartz - thor in his chariot with tanngrisnir and tanngnjóstr would be...epic!
nice one @jimmyz lobo the viking like thing ;-)
i would prefer some additional add ons. i don't feel compelled to buy everything but this ks is slowing down and i would prefer to get all the sg gods in the base ks for everyone.
i am sure cmon didn't have the rights for any of the zombicide characters they made. that is why the rick grimes character is called phil. pretty sure every character in that game is "someone" they allude to because they don't have the rights to outright use. so making grue the wanderer and hagan the horrible would be within the usual cmon wheelhouse.
speaking of comics, there is a great comic by cullen bunn called helheim. the main character is essentially a viking frankenstein's monster after having been resurrected by a witch as a pawn in a battle between two witches. he would make an awesome monster figure for this game (or hero figure). hell, if they did an add-on of him, i would buy 9 of them and make a helheim clan! (if anyone wants to check it out, this is a link to the author website info page: http://www.cullenbunn.com/pdetail/helheim-2/ )
a ks exclusive hagar as a "for fun" goodie would be great. but i doubt they have the rights for that character.
can we get a mini of hagar the horrible! hahaha
@ charred toast. i'm in that camp but i tell you what.... i bought arcadia quest with my christmas money... i'm super upset i can't have all the ks exclusives without shelling out 500$ to ebay price gougers... i would use and paint it all... as is i get frustrated whenever i look at it on my shelf despite how much i enjoy the game... in some ways i feel like it might have been better if i had spent the money on another game... hence why i didn't back r&b. i know i'm a minority but i'll vote with my wallet when it comes to things like that anymore as there are literally thousands of games out there. this game though. i hope it stays the way it is. i love the theme, mini's, designer... can't wait to play it.
an alternate map on the back of the board would be an awesome sg that wouldn't make the game box any bigger.
i think that add-ons drive a lot of completionists crazy.  they feeling like they don't have the full game without every figure and expansion.  i got cured of that years ago.  there is just too much stuff out there to keep up with, and a lot of expansions just add bloat to an otherwise sound game.  don't get me wrong i love expasions/extra stuff for a game i love, but now i cherry pick because i found i didn't use 80% of them anyway.
north landers is a great viking comic as well.
dethklok's "viking saga" must be a part of any blood rage soundtrack. the lost vikings, better metal snake, and (of course) thunderhorse.
btw if anybody hasn't then i recommend looking at the danish 15 volume comic valhalla for a great pop intro to the nordic mythos ;-)
@markee - interesting, i didn't check the rule book out for the gods.  the main video only lists five; the four we've seen plus thor.  if they post the manowar metal clan add-on we'll find out pretty quickly what they have in store for sgs. :)
with regards to the speculation about gods as stretch goals, there are 6 norse gods listed in the rulebook. odin, thor, loki, frigga, heimdall, and tyr. it would a logical step to assume that these will be the miniatures included as stretch goals. that being said, many things happen in life that are not logical. :)
i as a native dane is expecting a thor mini ;-)
@alpharius thor in his buggy pulled by his two steed like goats tooth gnasher and tooth gnost and @thiago - why not motor head with 'killed by death'
love all these soundtrack ideas!
the soundtrack will be a mix of amon amarth, skálmöld and wardruna :-) http://youtu.be/nspqumnmzra
this is one that will be in the background (leave's eyes, njord) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
now that is a god!  been busy all day so that is a nice surprise.
this would work for a soundtrack too i suppose:  https://m.youtube.com/watch…
i don't want to add "fire" into the conversation, but my view on add-ons is quite simple: i like add-ons because they give more money to the campaign. some people have money to spend and they are passionate about the project so they'll spend the money. the fact that someone doesn't have money shouldn't stop the creators from putting more add-ons. and if you feel miserable that you would like all add-ons but can't afford or won't be able to afford them, then just have some self-control and don't buy them! i personally really liked all the campaigns in conan kickstarter although i had no money to buy them: i liked them because some people had the money and it made it easier for me to get newer strech goals (and free stuff). i am all about it, give us add-ons don't give them, but if you want this campaign to have more money, start calling people to it, share it everywhere (even in valhalla)...or just wait for add-ons and see the money rise from those interested ;)
if there are addons with ks exclusives that are more than just "alternative sculpts" and are actually things that have the potential to change the game i will drop my pledge. i hope cmon see that they can have a super successful campaign without that kinda of hand forcing like in rum and bones. i'm really appreciating this approach so far. maybe it's not as lucrative. i don't know... and some of these sg's feel like they were always part of the game... but i don't mind. i'm just such a completionist that i don't want to miss out but, unlike some people, i have a budget... i really appreciate and enjoy this campaign so far. thanks cmon. hope you keep it up
i'm not obsessive about any add-ons, if i like it, it's added. having said that, a resin 2-up of odin for just painting fun would definitely be added ;-) and a fenriswolf too :-)
i can't think of anything other than manowar's gods of war album playing at the background.
what soundtracks will everyone use for their games of br?  i am thinking two steps from hell, but ian sure others are planning a more metal approach.
odin is very cool, great sg!
i agree with charred toast. chill, folks!
@lance; please stop asking people to stop asking for add-ons. if people want add-ons they can ask, it doesn't mean they will be offered. eventually cmon will decide if there will be add-ons. i am sure that cmon is aware of the different opinions of the backers. =)
exactly!  just like the artist boxes for z'cide or conan.  i would love that.
for a "metal clan" you have to sculp manowar i guess.
they could do various clans as guest boxes from various artists.  if you just want to play the game, you'd only need one, but if you are a mini freak, you could pick whichever ones look fun to you.
"the metal clan" would be awesome with minis of famous metal artists!
@paul - that could be cool, too.
i think extras of the minis, whether in plastic, metal, or resin would be a great idea.  i'm still surprised that they haven't shown up.  i guess cmon doesn't usually do that sort of thing, but almost every other mini campaign i've been on has.
@ charred - when you say a "metal version" i am picturing that as a dethklok stylized version (i know what you really mean though).
add-ons are fine by me. i just add the ones i like and ignore the others. i added the 5th player, but not the artbook. i ike when add-ons are not stretch goals. i think a metal version of these figures would be cool add-on.
see there is a problem in saying " ehi release another add on so we can reach odin" simply because of what could follow: oh new shiny sg? ehi release another add on so that we can reach it! oh another sg? release another add on so that we can reach it! and so on…  asking always for add on to reach a sg isn't the way you should think but rather you should be happy that we are still raising funds without many add ons simply by talking about it and sharing it…  also… stop asking for add ons dammit!
i'm torn on add-ons.  it would be nice to have something else to get us to odin faster, but i'd prefer it be something like the art book that i don't actually want.
looking at the pillaging reward on the front page i also think that there are only two spaces left besides the other gods so it gonna be odin and thor.
speaking about addons up to now they did a great job in this kickstarter i guess. both addons are no 'must have' but are just nice for the people who are interested in. for example i like it much more to have the 5th player as an addon instead of a couple of stretch goal ( like this is done in other kickstarters) because not everybody plays with 5 players.
there could be a non-human clan element as an add-on
what about some add-ons to take us to odin. of course one could just pledge for another game with full sgs :)
what about some add-ons to take us to odin. of course one could just pledge for another game with full sgs :)
thor, heimdall, and freyja, i hope.
based on the main video on the story page i am guessing there will only be five gods with thor being the last to unlock.  this would also lead me to believe the thoughts that this will remain a 5p game even if a sixth clan is released are correct.
@alpharius. for sure there will be thor. i wounder if there be heimdall as well.
wow, odin looks so good! really, i really really want that figure!!
@thiago, so if/when we unlock all the gods, will there be an option to buy the whole set as an add-on in case people want extras?
32.000 to go for the next sg. gonna be a boring weekend. unless you release the boar..... as another 5th player fraction.
odin looks nice indeed.  as for any addons, i personally hate them.  i hate it when projects have them and i hate having to decide what to get and what to let go.  i don't have a huge chunk of money to throw at games.  i want a reasonable price, with reasonable shipping for a good board game.  we're not talking a minis wargame here, there's no need for the bill to go up into the hundreds.  i love seeing stretch goals unlocked but i hate seeing addons thrown into the mix.
big daddy odin looks awesome on his throne! i hope we can unlock him quickly!
did someone say alfalfa?
very nice sculp and even greater ability for the gods variant  =)
odin does look good - and i hope this means that there's a thor miniature in our future too! :)
wow, odin looks amazing!!
yes, faja!
ohhh.. the all-father.
@guilherme not guillermo
@guillermo, i'm sorry by i don't speak freaky-deaky dutch.
no. faja. the all-faja.
the fig is okay, but that chair is fantastic! i wonder if the pvc will hold all that fine detail? :)
...all-further?
faja
...the all-what?
all hail the all-faja.
beautiful picture of an awesome figure!! clearly the best figure so far. go odin!  now i might have to double my pledge :)
thanks @thiago,  by thors hammer i'm looking forward to even more mutton and mead at the tables of valhalla! ;-)
@niranth - coke? i don't know any dealers. . . oh wait, coca cola. . . that is easier to come by
schwartz, welcome back to our halls!
i'm in! that odin mini really kicks it. however i still think as a native dane that ragnarok is spelled without any umlaut ;-)
@andres oh i wasn't suggesting that i was merely saying some people feel when add-ons are thrown in the mix, if they can't get them, because of money or whatever and lets just say their friend could get them, and the add-ons were exclusive with no possible way to get them later, then in a side by side comparison one game would look less complete than the other, but it is the nature of the beast, hopefully i make sense lol
i hope they break up the "god revealing" with something else. another monster or whatever. but if the next stretches are going to be the other gods that will eventually make up the "god box" all backers will get for free (which is of course great, don't get me wrong ;-) it will make the weekend a bit dull...
or a spanish version of boom beach?
@thiago - is the next project going to be a euro style spin off of zombicide?  zombicola maybe?
it's my fault if i'm asking stupid questions! ;-)
@thiago, no way!? that's baffling for a cmon campaign!
:d
@marco i am not suggesting the game is inferior. i am just staying i would like some resin minis for painting and display only as an add-on
@j-f audy: it will have cool miniatures!
@niranth: yeah, but i already have somebody to take care of that for me! ;-)
@thiago: can you give us a hint on the next cmon ks campaign?  something cryptic could be alright!
just got the update and it just made me super pumped for this kickstarter. every update is just greatness upon greatness. happy i've back and been able to get in on all this awesomeness
@jimmyz johnston, he does like coke when he is working.
@jimmyz johnston: most definitely i'll be at gencon. look for me running demos for one game or another. no beer during business hours (gotta keep the mind sharp) but definitely beer afterwards!
i understand the request for add-ons as people are looking for ways to push the money total towards unlocking new content and i also understand the request for keeping add-ons to a minimum for sake of people not wanting to feel left out of a complete game feeling, i am personally strapped for funds and have no extra/disposable income to throw in but andres does bring up a good point, maybe throwing in some add-ons that won't have backers feeling like they're getting an inferior game but allows others to to keep funding this project
@thiago - will you be at gencon in indy? i will buy you a beer there
@thiago: hehe, sorry, no way around that. the canadian orders go to the us first, and then are shipped to the canadian distribution hub. it takes some extra time...
honestly i get some people don't want addons,  that's why i suggested resin miniatures for display as an addon. i don't need them,  but i want them,.
talkin about the next strechgoal... only one well known nordic god missing... if i had a hammer...
@charred - there had been vigorous discussion earlier than some backers hate add-ons and would likely leave over their presence as they want to get the full game and the add-ons feel like gouging. the idea of crossover add-ons was bandied about as a way to have add-ons without completionists feeling the need to get them. i am patiently awaiting all my zombicide s3 loot. i don't "need" more, but i don't "need" this either. it is the things that i "want" that break my bank account!
thiago: is there something i can do to get the machine running  faster?  since i'm canadian, i got my game one month after the us! ;)
charred toast:  amen
@j-f audy: on the contrary, a well lubricated machine runs faster.
oh not the magic 8-ball again!
to each his own but i don't get wanting a zombicide crossover. first the games have nothing to do with each other, and second there is going to be a season three for zombicide, and he first two seasons had a ton of stuff. how much zc stuff do you need? i for one want all stretch goals to be viking themed and the last thing i need is more zombies.
@thiago: wow!  you did that for us!  you didn't drink the beer to get us the games sooner!
damn! :)
@ken oakley: *shakes magic 8-ball* "outlook not so good"
just for the record: that is one awesome odin mini! throne looks great, ravens look great and the allfather himself is awesome!  oh btw great that his wife is in the bag now also ;-)
what's the chance of there being mounted mins?
glad to hear about the 2 piece odin and throne.
@j-f audy: dogs of war - 1k beer fund for thiago = delivered 1 month early. just saying. :-)
@ken oakley:  same hope. cmon..
how about a standing odin to go with the sitting one?
@ken oakley: the odin miniature will be cast in two separate pieces, figure and throne, but will come pre-assembled, since the vast majority of the public is only interested in having a nice figure of odin on his throne. however, since they're two pieces, any miniature entusiast worth its salt should be able to take them apart for other uses.
@thiago: you already drank your 1k beer fund from dogs of war! ;)
@thiago: you already drank your 1k beer fund froma dogs of war! ;)
i keep hoping for something spectacular as a sg to throw my money at.
odin's miniature is very amazing
@jimmyz johnston: hey, there's always the "thiago beer fund" to invest into. ;-p
will the odin figure be separate from the throne? ( i hope)
i do love all the minis we have gotten so far. can't wait to get the game itself and try it out.
they said definitively that there would be no zombicide crossover promo. i understand they want to keep the add-ons to a minimum here, but i feel like a helpless spectator. the art book looks great, but i am not one for the art book add-ons. . . it is weird sitting here saying please take my money and not being able to give it to them. (i don't want a second copy, i want something . . . else. . . )
@alexis perron: agreed, hugin and munin are just great on top of the throne.
@alexander urbanek, andres aguilar: definitely not against add-ons either. oh, and i really love odin's throne, especially the ravens hugin and munin perched on top of it.
will there be five or six gods in total? the rules talk about six gods but in the intro film only five are mentioned ..........
i think i have an idea,  since everyone doesn't want addons because they don't want to miss "game play".  how about high res resin miniatures as addons,  ks exclusive for display only?  i wouldn't mind the fire giant and some others....
@andres aguilar: i am definetly not against add-ons! :) you are not alone.
i know everyone here is against addons but i need something to pledge for!  lol zombicide promo survivor would give me incentive to throw in even more.  i want to get past the gods!  i want a surprise lol
how many of you are going to use odin as king conan too? je je je great miniature
@thiago, ah, that is a very good point. hadn't occurred to me.
at first glance, i thought the emblem on the left side of his throne was the ea logo.
@renato lule: problem with giving hints here is that the theme is much more narrow, so it would usually be very easy to guess right. but i'll see what i can do.
odin looks legendary
awesome sg. love the sculpt of both the chair and the all father.
@thiago, since we only got one stretch goal revealed, can you give us a hint on the next one like you did during zombicide s3? it was always fun trying to decipher your cryptic clues.
rough-shod winging sky blue flight on a cold wind to valhalla and join with us, please valkyrie maidens cry above the cold wind to valhalla
i'm now immortal, i am there i take my place by odin's side eternal army in the sky. i point my hatchet to the wind i guard the gates and all within hear my sword sing, as i ride across the sky sworn by the sacred blood of odin onward ride.
odin looks amazing. not loving 35k to get this stretch goal, but it's not like we're not going to reach it. :)
ohhh yess well cool
*odin*...is awesome! take my money!!
nice sg ^^
love the mini of odin with his ravens!
the quality of the odin mini makes me not mind the fact that the stretch goals jumped up to 35k now.
odin!!! awesome!
it's beautiful
odin...i love it
absolutely no complaints from me about the odin mini, looks fantastic.
carry we who die in battle over land and sea across the rainbow bridge to valhalla odin's waiting for me!
think its odin then
@thiago: we need some clan icons to show our allegiance in this kickstarter.
i paid an eye for a drink of mead and was given wisdom supreme granted to me the secrets of magic, of life and death
in the hall of the slain valkyries and heroes attend me ravens and wolves at my side forever they did befriend me
@batei thats it. but you can go to thiago aranha comments to confirmed
he is descended from giants. his father loki, god of fire, is the sworn blood brother to odin himself. he rides across land, sea and air from the land of the living, to the land of the dead. this eight legged steed crosses eight points of the compass, from eight directions into eight dimensions. he is bringer of the valiant dead from the battlefield to valhalla! bring on sleipnir!
@derek... ja ja ja thats for sure
@batei - it has been confirmed that yes.
i know this is a silly question, but i don't want to assume anything.  will we be able to add more copies of the game or whatever we want later in the pledge manager?  i'm not going to be able to go "all in" like i want right now.  might have to get "stuff" later.
@andres p. s +1 lol :-)
just say the magic words "boars confirmed" and that buffer will appear lol
@andres that would break the internet!
@thiago aranha... if you give us a winged ape... all conan backers will join us. je je je
@thiago - can we have 2 sgs?
ja ja ja... we help you
sorry guys, i need to wait for a bit more of a buffer. too many trolls around.
he's probably waiting for a higher buffer.  it does seem to be fairly steady though.
@tiago aranha... tell us something... where is the sg?
@thiago, stop toying with us! we need that next stretch goal!
i am afraid hans died trying to rescue troll babys in the north .)
need a dragon to kill the trolls
@paul sousa: oh, hans would be very welcome!
@skazz 100% agreed on that!
i would also like to see the boars.
we need hans from troll hunter to come kill these trolls.
bring on the boar clan!
@derek  would be okay for me as long as we get ihm in the end :-)
tic tac tic tac
hi im back soo whats going on then?  ohh timing ....
i bet the big figures like fenris will be at major landmarks like 500k etc
fenris
comment section for this game starting to get lively lol
give me odin over his 8 leged horse... please
get back under your bridge, trolls!
they are soon dead trolls without tongues :)
are they normal trolls or mystic trolls?
there, i added an art book so we can get up to 400k :)
ahead now behind again. i've got to step away and just check later in the day.
these trolls are killing me.
boom...next sg please
yes, we got it! on to the next goal!
no, we are through!!!
pledge level just went backwards what the hell?
ding
i think i can spot some trolls right now! :)
i really prefer gods at human size. and as a read before, i would like bigger drakkars too  a part of this my only regret is that tyr could be in a more dynamic position (even if the sculpt is different from the picture on the card)
aww common!  "ding" already!
go go go
i don't mind the god's poses really, i just think some areas could be improved like loki and frigga's faces.  the detail in some of the standard characters' faces is awesome in comparison.  also, for some reason loki's boots make me think it's 1998 again and he's heading to a marilyn manson concert.  for me it's those details and some of the scaling that just seems off in comparison the the clan minis. and i definitly +1 the idea of the gods being maybe 50mm.
2 more backers...
@reinhard vanclee: +2!
@reinhard vanclee: +1 very much!
ooh, i think peter is onto something here when he mentioned "to differentiate the gods in some other manner too, like perhaps bigger in size" @thiago: please take note. what if,would it be possible to have the gods figures like this size-wise (another awesome adrian smith painting: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/c5/48/59/c54859ed5361d261a7a2b17067b2fe7a.jpg  ) see that huge dude walking? now that would be awesome to place on the board for the clans to follow into battle and add another dimension to it, hehe. and to please us all, to have the same gods as miniature-size figurines in an alternative more dynamic battle-pose  (yes, i know, we are talking probably an add-on here) as if they would from time to time mingle with the common mortals (like zeus does). how cool would that be, huh? oh, i'm thinking already ahead how to combine them with my hero quest game. yes, i'm dating that far back :p
i agree the dwarve(s) are fine but i would suggest that the gods should be a tad 'more', true the could walk amongst us at times but to me they are 'meh' at best, mostly due to the indifferent sculpt (different artist?) and i always have/and will hate the "i'm stood in a strong wind" pose-looking at you frigga! in art it works as you have the background in figs i think not. just my 10c.
@andres - i'm pretty sure our serpent is jormundgandr.
i would like to see as sg...  odin over sleipnir (8 legs horse) the wolf fenrir (son of loky) garm (the hell dog) jÖrmundgander (is the serpent that kills thor but...we just have one serpent...) and  thor of course....
oh, and just upped my pledge for the artbook, which means that we're less than1k away from frigg and what i can guess are the thor and odin sg reveals (because why bother with the other gods if these two don't get to have their own minis? we're talking brand recognition here, people).
@andres: some of the conan minis have "non-battle" poses, but i doubt this affect their awesomeness or playability much.
+1 to reinhard. the gods look like gods, which is what they should look like, not just vikings+. they need to have a bit of majesty about them, otherwise they just look like bigger, badder bruisers. and frankly, for once that we get dwarves that don't look like they came straight out of tolkien and more like the original myths, i most definitely am not complaining.
loki needs a codpiece. i know they weren't popularized until a few centuries after the viking era, but loki seems like a guy who would be wearing one.
i like the goods with battle posses as i want to use them with conan game...
upped my pledge to 130! gogogo!
i agree with reinhard. i like the statue style of the gods. they don't need battle poses, huge armors and weapons n stuff to be cool. the fact that they don't have that gives them even more respect i think. on the quality, i don't know. i guess the basic soldiers have more details on them, but it's hard to know how they all will look in the end.
just about 1600 go go. hope the next stretch goal will be not another god but something different.
you forgot æ :p i also like the god figures pose-wise, i.e static, but i'd like them to be differentiated in some other manner too. put them on taller bases or make them a tad bigger than the regular minis.
let's have another big miniature, 'bigature' as dynamo calls them, for the next stretch goal, pretty please.
eric lang is one of my favourite board game designers, i could not resist getting this :)
fun fact: at one point we toyed with the idea of calling the game blöødråge, but that seemed a bit too silly. :-)
i hear most people's concerns regarding the difference in looks ( therefor equals "lesser" quality) of the miniatures; and everyone is of course entitled to their subjective opinion of what they prefer and dislike. i forgot most of what i once read up about the viking lore, therefor i can't speak as to how these norse gods were perceived as; but looking at the miniatures from an artistic point of view: yes, there is a noticeable difference between the clan miniatures and the gods; but perhaps the creators of this game had deliberately chosen this path as to make a distinct separation between the lively ,"gung-ho",valhalla here we come, let's storm the beaches and pillage and smash heads in, raiding parties that are the clans and the more poised and statue-esque like gods. you have to think of it this way, these deities, they have seen it all and done it all, they have played this game (pun intended) countless times, over and over again, between them. oh, they may have been like the lively clans at some point in their youth, surely, but with centuries passed, i can imagine as they stride over the battlefield, amongst the bashing and kicking and biting northmen and -women, they are the calm as they are here portrayed, because they simply know: that at their whim, their flick of the wrist or snap of their fingers, the power they exude and the change of events they inflict. so i can imagine them as having become these more calm-like figures as they are here portrayed. another thing, as i looked at tyr, i imagined him as almost a wooden carving; the sort that someone back in those days would carry with them, underneath their tunic, as they set out to be far from home for a long period of time...perhaps forever. and bring them forth when they are alone at night in their tent (remember like russell crowe in gladiator, where he had these little figurines of his wife and child he carried with him). so in that sense, these deities as they are portrayed here, remind me in some way as chesspieces on a board(game). so i for one, like the difference i see. oh, and about the dwarves?...nobody touches the dwarves!! they are awesome as they are!! ;) just my two cents.
nice progress.  should get frigga soon.  can we have 2 sg reveals when we do?
@liam loki!! blarg! *(excited rage scream-puke...)
are the god miniatures going to be bigger than the regular miniatures? you know just so they stand out from the regular miniatures a little bit? they don't necessarily need to be bigatures lol but just a question
am i the only one who thinks loki looks awesome?!!
@loïg hascoët: you're very welcome! actually, i feel anybody with so many umlauts in their name should get a discount on blood rage or something. ;-)
the artbook adrian smith is wonderful, you are my happiness. i take on.
l'artbook d'adrian smith c'est merveilleux, vous faites mon bonheur. je le prend de suite.
@captain i'm working on it! i can't wait for frigga! need more horns...
vikings i am going to be away from my pc most of the day i expect you to get frigga soon and go ahead an unlock the next goal too.  i am spending my rage to give you guys that pillaging action, don't mess up.
loki*...f you phone...
i haven't blown up this conversation in a day, so i just wanted to drop in and say how excited i am about this project. and i really like the lori figure design. i have very little minis experience so i can't say much about it, but the design is great; he looks absolutely creepy enough, frail enough to drop your guard right before he slices your throat...or has your neighbor do it for him. i really can't wait!
@callador and thiago: thanks for your answers, would it be possible to see a viking warrior master sculpt compared with a plastic copy?
@roberto giancola: yes, just double you basic pledge and you'll get a second copy of the game and all stretch goals.
is possible add a second copy?
i think the mosters and normal mineatures are great, but the god are really simple, still have some options with the top gods as thor or odin. waiting for a 6 players path and some big monsters or furious gods!! still the price is good for the current retail game versión, very happy with the project'!!
@jevr: actually, the shrinkage does affect different parts of the miniature differently. extremities shrink more, so they need to be a bit exagerated in the sculpt.
jevr with all due respect (really i do not want to flame :) ) i believe you are wrong and you ignore the tooling process. thiago would it be possible to take a photo of a sculpt or resin master with the final plastic figure on the side? as mentioned i believe tyr sword is wrong and the figure average in general, so i am not here to defend the gods as such, but i believe you are just ignoring a crucial part of the production process.
@callador i'm not "threatening to leave" i'm merely giving voice to my thoughts, as i am surprised the quality level is uneven.  i'd be greatly surprised if pvc and tool shrink would affect only the over exagerated parts instead of the miniature as a whole.
loki (as depicted), as all the Æsir, is a god in human form, so he should have human proportions in my opinion.
to all the ones complaining about the gods. tyr is certainly not the best figure in the project (i hope that at least the sword will be fixed). the other two are orginal sculpts meant to be tooled for pvc. so the details should be exagerated because pvc and tool shrink. so i completely get the point that loki's feet, for example, should be bigger in the original sculpt! in a monster this is not a big deal... it is a monster! also the photos don't seem taken in a professional way. also remind that there are many ks showing just a concept and then we have to wait and hope that the figure is good.... so i would really calm down and remember these are free figures. and threatening to leave is just childish in my opinion.
still not there yet??? ok move on i'll come back later since judging by last comments nothing really new!
loki is a god so i do not compare his proportion with human ones.
i think loki is probably the worst miniature in game, at least proportion wise. look at his feet, hands and head compared with any viking warrior.  i'm begining to wonder if i should retire and get the game when it hits the shelves, as sg sculpting quality is below the core boxed set (and i'm mainly here because the miniatures).
regarding the game play for me this was the reason to back this game. the combination of darft and area control sound fun and up to now i do not have such a game in my collection. and i also like the idea that there are no clan specific abilities, you know there are so many games out there with such a mechanism that it feels refreshing not to have it. good work erik :-)
i like the zombie figure and loki as well.
@slev why would you want to keep the artbook in the game box? it should be on the shelf with the rest of the artbooks...
@mark turner, +2.
@mark turner, +1.
@sibowitz yes, but few of those 4700 actually comment :)
@nrak i think a lot of people agree. the core figures are great, as well as the stretch mountain giant and mystic troll. but many of the other sg figures are pretty lacklustre. the gods feel like a missed opportunity. the wolfman is in a weird position. the dwarves, elves and zombies also don't compare very well.
my only concern at this point is if the art book and/or 5p expansion will fit inside the main box nicely!
i feel as well that the monsters (the big one) and the vikings look awesome and it's the sole reason i've backed this. however the gods position and face feel average at best ...  it would be neat if they could be upgraded to be as nice as the basic vikings / big monsters. cheers,
@louis eu shipments are sent from their hub in germany so considering switzerland is right next to it i think shipping cost will be low.
@louis: you can find the info you seek on the main page underneath the stretchgoals; "shipping information- ...about $15-$25 in the eu and canada"
@vadim. i guess design is a matter of personal preference. i like drafting games and combining it with area control battles sounds awesome to me. the blind bidding adds a lot of tactics and tension that you dont get with a dice roll.. plus there are already hundreds of games like that out there.. maybe you should see this as an opportunity to expand your gaming library mechanic wise.. unless you have a lot of drafting games?
can someone tell me what's the shipping cost for switzerland please?
i'm a torn on staying in this project or not. on the one hand i like the theme and the minis, but i'm not sold on the game mechanics. took my time to read the rules and watch some of the gameplay video (never going to be a fan of jogando though) and i actually feel like i miss the dice action from zombicide or aq. so now i'm debating with myself to stay in for the minis and possible develop my own variant of rules down the line or get out and save money for something else (or maybe invest more once the rum&bones pledge manager goes up).
nice details on the vikings ship but still i think they should be bigger.
let's fight down the stretch goal! i wan't to see a new stretch goal. :-) the god game mod sounds really good. great optional ruleset to the game! until this game comes i keep playing arcadia quest ;-)
it's expectation. gritty feeling in your stomach. kind of like riding a roller coaster. whooooa!, yeah! now we coast...........
before we see three more gods as stretch goals we need fenris as a huge miniature. maybe do ihm as a kickstarter exklusive addon for 10$ and we have a new momentum here.
my daughter woke me up early so i have been checking this often! slow doesn't describe it, i'm getting impatient! could also just be lack of sleep. :-)
a bit slow right?
i've seen odin throne sculpt with huginn and muninn in blood rage facebook page, so i'm pretty sure we will have him on his throne popping up at some point. not sure if it's going to be a sg or an add-on.
upped the pledge. i'm a sucker for that art book. even pledged for a future clan expansion or other cool swap.
we need some better figures as stretch goals. maybe another big figure like a troll or beast.
holy crap the boats are different thats awesome
i just noticed that the boats have unique "dragon heads" at the bow! awesome detail!
time for sleeps. hope to see some stuff unlocked in the morning.
our turn europeas warriors...
this will go crazy fast the last 48 hours. be surprised if they will be able to keep up.
@peter lol there is still 10 days.
i really wish the stretch goals weren't so far apart. i feel like the momentum now feels stunted.
for the love... let's hit 400 already!
speaking about miniature i think we really need bigger boats here. the vikings ships are much to small.
the god miniatures arn't free! even if we get them as a sg. they are being made as a retailable product, so they need to be the highest standard.
@spaz - i'm considering painting them as stone statues for this very reason. given the fact that all they do is provide a static effect, i think this'll probably work fine, but yeah, it won't be badass warrior gods tearing the world apart.
blood rage - the unofficial pledge amount calculator http://goo.gl/lngu4n
as a backer of this project, i want to say this this game looks awesome. however, i can't really get over how terrible the god miniatures are... it definitely isn't the same sculptor (or it was just super rushed); they are disproportionate / cartoonish and amateur looking, whereas the sculpts for the actual game are realistic and amazing. please consider redoing these sculpts with an artist who does the gods justice. i'd even be willing to pay more.... for those who will say "they are free, stop complaining!", i am making this post as a way for cmon to know how i feel so that they can make changes if possible, or just not have this sculptor do work on future projects.
@johnny - would you have preferred a 5-player mode that was not playtested? . i feel that way about a lot of campaigns, but more and more i am starting to realize that many/most games have an unlimited potential.  you could theoretically keep adding more and more features until there is so much glut that the game is too complicated for anyone to play.  at some point, someone has to draw a line in the sand and say, "this is what is in the base game and no more."  at the point you have the option of moving on to expansions, preferably well-play-tested ones.  ks has spoiled the creators somewhat by allowing them to release expansions at the same time as the base game.  in some cases, several at a time!  but at some point, you still have to stop and say, "this is the base game", "this is the first expansion", etc. . is the 5th-player expansion overpriced?  perhaps.  it's more than i would like to pay.  but they did throw some extra goodies in there as a thanks for helping them create it. . in some of these ks, i suspect that the add-ons are actually part of what allows them to give away so many free sgs.  not just because they pump up the pledge total, but because the markup is a little higher.
well, here we are. i've been drooling over this game for a few days and i'm finally in it, yes with the expansion too. my only gripe with this campaign - sell me the entire damn game from the start, please! i feel more and more as time goes on that these games are being designed to be sold on kickstarter, in pieces... it's irritating the game couldn't have been $100 bucks and come in a single box. clearly the game was designed for 5 players; as the creators have stated below, the game has been tested and balanced at 5 players through numerous sessions. if the game was tested and balanced for 5 player play, why the hell don't i get a 2-5 player game in a single box? only answer i can see is ---> more $$$.  to me, an add-on is something that enhances the game in a unique way. this "add-on" feels like i now have the 2-5 player game, as it was designed, tested, and balanced for. it's going to be interesting to see what the final price tag will be... hoping the coming add-on's will enhance the game more.
@paul @eric backstories to the clans would be cool. mind you this is a game where invariably everyone dies - will be hard to build a story about your clan during games - the certainty in blood rage is ragnarök!
@renato i had already pledged $150 as i will definitely want both extra clans (if the 6th clan comes!). i also want the art book, so i haven't increased my pledge, and will wait for the next clan to turn up to do so!
i really was hoping that art book would boost our total a lot more than it did. so many people were asking for it, yet it hardly changed anything =/ oh well. guess we'll just have to wait until tomorrow to see the next god among us!
the way the current rules are set up gives players the opportunity to create their own preferred clan characteristics themselves. i'm looking forward to choosing the cards appropriate for my thor worshipping wolf-clan! you then have the flexibility to use a clan who appeals looks wise and tactics/cards that you like. i don't understand why people seem to be complaining that there are no clan specific rules - create your own style of play with the clan you prefer!
10k!
@donn - agreed, especially with the adrian smith art!
@cambo - you're right, of course.  i know they probably won't change, but i really hate those little cards.  more of a pipe dream than anything.
@cambo - good point.  i guess they'll have to make the player boards bigger, too.  :d
@donn - only problem with bigger cards is they wouldn't fit in their slots on the player boards
@ eric lang: anyway if you ca nsahre waht you envuioned with clan specifics powers and issues you met, i am interested. private email no problem if others are not interesyted i am and will certainly make my own home rules but would benefit from your experience :-). symetrical games are perfect for pure strategic games i.e. no luck or minimalized like chess, diplomacy, bridge in duplicate tournament mode, etc.  no draft, no dices is the best there. asymetrical games. i agree excessively difficult to balance and almost impossible with expansions (rarely tested at length) are very fun fo see if one side is better, one style is better and..even if it is, it takes time to discover and generally change with gaming experience. it also gives the opportunity to play with weakker / stronger opponents. yes, i am the kind of gamer who "sniffs out " a good combo, but isn't it the goal of a good strategig game vs. throwing good dices/drafting good cards ? anyway, it is helpful since stronger gamers have then the "seen as" less powerful sides and try to win against the odds... important too with new gamers, kids, less strategical people etc.  now, i don't want to bother you anymore we disagree and that's correct . good evening all!
i'd love a sg to increase card size to poker.  the zombicide ones bug me.
mini american sized.
there are various mini sized cards. american style size, european style sized, etc.
@zeetro: mini-sized, like zombicide.
what is the size of the cards? i ask for sleeving purposes.
yes... number 1 at kicktraq... go go go
thanks paul.  hopefully it will be revealed in an faq. :)
ah, yeah i was. but thanks for the reply bradley. :) i am hoping hips as they are really nice models. it would be a shame to go with a restic mix imho.  as im mainly in for the miniatures tbh. :)
@ironclad - i am assuming it is pvc since dust studios is producing them. also, to clarify my question for eric, i was interested in what he tried for specific clan powers more to see if it adds some back story/fluff that might be missing.  how did he envision the clans and why?
i assume you're looking for something a little more informative than "plastic". which is the only answer i have.
do we know what material the models will be made of yet? cheers mick
the benefit of and even and symmetric game is that know one can sniff out the power team and know one is left with a team they didn't want. the drafting allows all players to sniff out their own strategies to take advantage off and play in the style to which they choose. unless all players have an equal opportunity to play a clan based power. eg bear v bear. or ram v ram v ram.
but hey, to those who want clan specifics, more power to you. i'm not telling you how to play your game. or even that the designer shouldn't include it as an alternate ruleset to play. i'm just expressing why i think it's not needed.
now say you're the bear clan in the scenario. you get your cards to choose from in the draft, there is a decent card for fighting and but one pretty good one for summoning monsters. being that you already have the bonus to fight, you'd most likely choose the fight card to give an even bigger bonus. or the flip side say i'm the raven clan, i get a decent summon and a great fight card. do i keep the summon card thereby helping myself a little or pass the fight to the bear clan helping them a lot. or do i keep the fight card which doesn't really help me just so bear clan doesn't take it? but how it is now, i can keep the great fight card as raven or even pass it to bear, because they may not be working a fight strategy this age. i just don't know what the other clans are doing. with clan powers, i know bear is going to look for fight cards and can work to actively deny them those cards. this way i just don't know and every round is a mystery.
@alex no problem. glad i can help =)
@charred you've got one of those friends, too, huh? lol
i have played a lot of game with asymmetric powers and although it adds some flavor it usually takes away from balance. one of my friends can sniff out the more powerful ability in a second, and then that is all he will play. i love how this game handle this by everyone starting out the same and the asymmetry developing as the game plays out. the nice thing is that the asymmetry will be different every game. not that i mind if they put out an expansion or variant rules that gives clan specific powers, but i am glad it is not the default rules.
granted, cedric options are great but i can't help but feel that one of those options works directly against the core concept of the game lol. by all means i hope you find or create a rule set you enjoy, dude, i do, i just can't justify one to myself.
@ lance. very good ideas, thanks. i like the brainstroming of optional rules and yours make sense since they seem balanced and have a kind of flavour/logic  easily attached to a clan.  i alos liked the idea to attach a monster or to lower the cost of some gods cards to a clan.  there are many easy possibilities. if authors don't propose something (and even so :-)) i am certainly interested  in other ways to play this game. thanks again. the thing i don't get is some "resistance" to think about it as an option? two ways to play is a choice and a richness not a risk, is it?
matthew wilkinson - thanks for reminding me to pledge on open combat, totally forgot about that one!
cedric: now to brainstorm a bit your idea the only way i can see differentiating the clans enough but still mantain balance is to work on the possible action you can take in your turns: so deploying, marching, pillaging, upgrading and summoning! bear clan in my opinion should focus on pillaging so maybe pillaging for them gives a +1 fight? raven should be the summoners so maybe summoning a monster cost one less for them? (minimum to pay 1) serpent clan gave more power into deploying so they can reinforce faster than others by paying less wolf clan is marching they move on packs and can split up if needed covering more areas in one turn ram should be the pillagers on second thought so maybe the bear clan instead can upgrade faster? my 2cent on variable player powers... i still prefer to start in a blank state and drafting my strategy as the game goes on but still i gave you some food for thougts
i have an unrelated question for eric, if he's still here. are there any upcoming games you've seen or heard about that from a designer perspective has you saying "hey, that's a really cool idea, or implementation of that mechanic."?
i resisted, the gods know i resisted to the tentation of this sweet piece of art... but nope, it's too hard. hope the stretch goals will keep sky rocketing like that, even tough the ram clan is a little bit too pricey to my taste.
@cedric that all just seems like so much to remember lol. i think the combat and general game play has more than enough complexity without clan specifics. and sure you can play any set of cards with that rule set but that rule set could very easily eclipse or be eclipsed by other rule sets creating "best" and "worst" clans, totally running the even start all the players deserve. it could be argued that there is a perfect balance that could be struck by the chance of that is astronomically against us, there will always be a "best" and "worst"
don i don't think eric is involved at all in the conan campaign but may be wrong in this regard since i wasn't interested in that campaign...
@eric, i like the conan tie-in (great bonus value to your awesome looking minis!!), do you plan include more adds in this area? ;)
@bradley bellamy  efty and others. great idea efty as i said earlier it is much easier and realiable for eric to do a proper testing than any of us.  bradley, i don't think so. in fact, i am very much confident in mr lang to be able to make a balanced asymetric game (like warhammer invasion, arcadia, citow etc.). i don't see a contradiction between  clans specific powers and cards that offer different potential strategies even less intuitive ones. gimme a specific monster for bear clan or one more rage point or a less costly cards aattached to a specific god, or two ships or a stronger leader etc. etc. and i can still play any set of cards :-). some may seem more natural but that's where the draft and the surprise effect (different at every age) will be fun! it just gives a flavour to the game and each clan and also the challenge to be able to win with every clan or to be unbeatable with one, or jsut more modestly to be more comfortable with one ... convinces ? i am ready to playtest or exchange ideas...
i think so too it's better this way but asking for just input on what went into the design process and asking to test it as an unofficial variant can't hurt anyone no?
drafting is far more reactive as well, changing your focus half way through to counter your opponents etc. if you had specific bonuses you would be at a distinct disadvantage if you wanted to react.
and i'm not saying clan specific bonuses is a bad thing. it's certainly the first thing i thought of when i saw there were different clans with different names and warriors. otherwise just have 40 generic vikings and we'll just call yours the blue ones and mine the red ones. but when i thought about it after a while it made more sense to not have clan specifics and let the drafting dictate your clan.
and agree with bruce's comment below. let's keep your choices secret and not be determined by what model/clan you are playing.
i think they were just asking if it's possible to have on a later date a pdf of sorts with the possibility of a variant... they are not asking to change anything, it's the nature of a board gamer explore variants... though that makes me think of a question for mr lang!  @eric lang have you thought about a possible solo variant?
@sibowitz - to be fair, i'm pretty sure i've seen more than 5-10 people requesting clan specific bonuses, but we don't know there may be more who do than don't as well. rarely (if ever) has every back chimed in on what they want.
i agree that there is more options with letting the cards create the asymmetry. i love the design choice
@efty - "it seems there are many of us who thought" - i would have said, there were a 'few of us' not sure with over 4,500 backers that 5-10 people can be considered 'many'.
@brad that's been my argument this whole time. clan specific perks or abilities limit "smart" ways to play the game and make your tactics guessable/predictable. this game is way better off without them, allowing our card choices in the draft to dictate our playstyle and surprise our opponents
i have a question to those wanting clan specific gods/powers. don't you think that would pigeonhole each clan into a specific role? bears are the "strength" clan, ravens the "death" clan. with clan specific powers, you'd end up ignoring cards during the draft that didn't immediately fit into your predetermined role. with each clan being basically a blank slate. you could better manage what your given and be able to change strategies during the draft or from age to age depending on what comes up.
hello eric. it seems there are many of us who thought about linking clans to specific gods or upgrades/quests. from what i've read this was already tried and given up. any chance those extra rules could be published via pdf after the game is launched?
hi eric, i just wanted to say that i appreciate that you have not hyper sexualized the female miniatures. my fiance and i are avid board gamers and it can be hard to find games with female playable characters that does not make her roll her eyes.
i'd like to know too if the game started with 4 player in mind or more! that's if you can answer that!
@ eric lang : re-variants, any hope you will share a rule with clan specificities form the onset ? i so much like the richness of citow and co. clan linked to a god, to a characteristic, to a monster, to all of those, some cards cheaper... anything tested that allowed this? thanks in advance, great game otherwise nothing to say but... two possibilities of rules :-).
i actually really like loki and frigga miniatures. they're a great representation of the source artwork.
i think i can echo many sentiments here is saying that i had to back this as soon as i saw that it was designed by eric lang. so mr lang, thank for the hours of enjoyment. i am curious how well the game would scale up, are there thoughts of 6+ players??
this game looks amazing. i cant wait to play it with friends. added for the book and the 5th player. cant wait to use the minis in open combat as well.
in rum & bones cmon allowed us to buy extra copies of the sea monsters. what are the chances that they will let us buy extra copies of the giants and trolls for this game?
mr. lang, we bow before you. this game is just beautiful, and can't wait to get some gameplay from it. in my opinión only thing to make it perfect would be asymetry between clans so you'd want to play with all of them not only for aesthetics but also for the feel. again, great job.
hi eric...another great game my wallet hates you, but i like you :)
re: variants i've been developing this game for a long time, and came up with many variants during the process. some were awesome, others okay, many were not good enough. i highly value the streamlined and intuitive nature of blood rage rules, and this permeates every element of the design, including variants. the gods variant was super awesome, and really fun - but i elected to keep it a variant because "vanilla" blood rage is already such a deep and compelling game. gods are for players who want even richer, more textured decision making. and even more variety on the board.
justin - it's against ks terms of service to advertise on active campaigns.
hey guys! i realize that most of you are mainly into miniatures games, but if you're like me and enjoy all around gaming then check out this project! the game is fast, easy, but also deep. and the art is phenomenal! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/chaoticpattern/entropy-thematic-fast-paced-game-of-risk-and-decep
i feel like eric was just keyser soze: https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@eric & the cmon i just want  to say that this is my first ks and from the first images months ago i couldn't wait for this and can't wait till it comes in later this year. the art is great the theme is a homerun with me and from the game test video it looks like its going to be a lot of fun with my gaming group.
really looking forward to this game eric! :)
@eric - i am curious about something. i assume every step of a campaign is thought out and mapped prior to launch. with that in mind, the feedback and desires of backers are helpful as feedback but not really something that can impact the sg and add-on philosophy of an active campaign. is this accurate, or is it viable for someone to bring something to the table in the comments that you would consider adding or modifying the campaign for?
@eric lang - i know it's been discussed to death in the short time the ks has been going, but i thonk i saw you say on bgg that you tried some play tests with the clans having asymmetric powers.  would you mind sharing any specific powers you tried for the clans?  just interested in any vision you may have had for the clans and their storylines.
@gazgoblin - ironically, i learned most of my norse mythology from children's books (in german to boot) while growing up. i've always been a fan of many world mythologies, and being something of a metalhead, vikings always have a place dear to my heart :)
i can't do spoilers of course :) other games to compare this to ... blood rage is interesting. i was actually most inspired by games of my own over the years. there are elements of chaos in the old world, midgard and kaosball in the game, but the combination is a completely new experience. my biggest inspiration was the cover and the art, to be honest. i wanted to make a game about pillaging and rawr upgrades, yet stay true to my "dudes on a map" strategy game background (meaning lots of tough choices and tons of player interaction).
eric - looks like an awesome game here! i was wondering if you approached the game with 5 (and possibly 6) players in mind, or was it always a 2-4 player game in your initial design? was it a challenge to expand the player count? conversely, was it a challenge to make sure it is still fun with only 2 players?
@eric lang - big fan of your work, and can't wait to play this one over and over! thanks!!!
@eric lang great work! which book or source material would you recommend about norse mythology?
@eric lang, if i were to envy anyone, you would be that one. thanks for so many fun moments!
@eric, can we expect any add-on that changes the game mechanics or a different board, for example?
would you compare this game to any other out there already?  or, what games does it most resemble?  btw, kaosball and aq are awesome!  so glad to be a part of your next big hit! :)
@eric lang: no questions from me, i am addicted to your work. just want to thank you!!!!
hi eric did you design the game with the gods from the start or down the line?
hey everyone! eric here. i've been enjoying this ks so much from the designer's chair, and thought it best to wait a few days for the initial chaos to dwindle a bit before jumping in and saying hi. hi! any questions you guys have about design or vision, i'm happy to answer.
@paul sousa: yes, i believe so.
@thiago - i assume loki and frigga are both final sculpts though?
@thiagoa "don't worry about tyr, guys. as said in the update, the figure is still being worked on. we agree that while the details on his figure are great, the pose is not quite there yet. we'll do our best to make him look as imposing as the real god of war should!" that's awesome!
the best damn book they can make! i like that. i'm certain cmon delivers :-) this is a good friggaday; book added, frigga coming up, oden's round the corner and maybe even a fenris ;-) time for beer and themed music https://www.youtube.com/watch… raising my drinking horn and see you tomorrow!
i'm not interested in the book but i think it's great that people who want it.. get to buy it. it is what it is, an optional ks exclusive add-on. simple as that.
@thiago: oh, it is beyond appreciated!! valhalla like... :)
@willem-jan bertram: well, pretty pictures is the whole point of the adrian smith book, so... :-) though we're sprinkling little tidbits of flavour text and descriptions here and there.
ah cool, something to compare it too. the xenoshyft book looks cool, though from what i hear people aren't exactly thrilled with it as a source book. pretty pictures though ;-)
great: i am so much looking forward to my copy of the xenoshyft artbook and to my two copies of the blood rage art book, too.
the book will include pretty much every piece of art adrian created for blood rage, we won't  change the content or quality of the book depending on how many we actually sell. we'll simply make the best damn book we can make, and i hope all the people who've been asking for it all this time will appreciate it.
the adrian smith art book will be the same quality as the xenoshyft sourcebook. i'm not sure on the technical details, but i have one here with me and it looks as good as any art book i've ever seen. you can see a preview of the xenoshyft book here: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
and guess who's materials / business practices i no longer buy / support ;-) in all seriousness though, some extra info could prevent a lot of disappointment. wouldn't be the first time a kickstarter pulls a switch when it eventually turns out not enough people are interested in printed extra and size it down in actually size and print quality because it was never actually mentioned what the 'art book or print' was going to end up looking.
cmon. i really appreciate the way you are running this campaign so far. this will be the first time i back one of your games and i appreciate you not making me feel like my hand is forced if i want everything. heres hoping this trend continues.
willem - someone should tell that to gw ;-)
bill - i think we'd like to see more of the "super-powered" aspect than the human aspect, but that's very true.
entirely the result of the other great sculpts, but the gods have indeed disappointed me somewhat with their static poses and flat detailing. thing they'll be demoted to being painted as statues, cause they simply can't hold a candle to the rest of the minis thus far. the artbook, without any more info on size, paper quality, contents and only being around 50 pages, just isn't worth it for me personally. calling something premium and limited edition doesn't instantly raise its value ;-)
one thing to remember is that the norse gods are basically just super-powered humans... :)
sorry my post was aimed at thiago not you efty.
good to hear.
what's this? only 380k? after the gorgeous artbook has been announced? i am disappointed, internet. very disappointed.
don't worry about tyr, guys. as said in the update, the figure is still being worked on. we agree that while the details on his figure are great, the pose is not quite there yet. we'll do our best to make him look as imposing as the real god of war should!
i think the miniatures (apart from the gods) are the same quality as the high priced mierce miniatures. i know these will be plastic and mierce only does resin, but the figure detail is on par, and mierce puts out some of the most detailed miniatures out there.
hail friends, finally i joined you in this feast.  what i need to say right now is that my wife and i are really looking forward to the game. although i need to translate the rules into german;-). some thoughts about the god figures...  there is this"god" thing missing. i can't really grasp it. tyr is so not godlike. my wife loves the artwork a lot. she said that tyr looks like a man! the miniature sadly looks like a fat old geek. his posure looks strange. like a statue. and he looks like he is hunched and his neck is missing. i really hope that the god miniatures will improve a bit. all the other miniatures are just great and i'm so looking forward to paint them. now it's time for a mede.  cheers.
the god sculpts, while quite nice, are indeed overshadowed by even the basic warriors of the core game. hopefully they get improved, but i won't hold my breath.
i think one of the things that makes these sculpts stand out is how amazing the others look. i wonder if these were done by another sculpter? i am not trying to be negative. reading though the rules i think i am going to love this game. if the worst thing that can be said is that the god sculpts don't look amazing then i can live with that. i mainly want to chime in now because maybe they will improve the god figures, and if not, no big deal.
come on people of planet earth it's friday night! beers need to flow and people need to spend obscene amounts on blood rage to force up those sg!!
loki looks like a voodoo doctor in an cartoon. i think it's the strong facial features. like the cheek bones need to be softened. give him more a svelte look.
@charred & ravening, i agree with you, it seems that they were rushed to this ks. there is no comparision with the trolls and giant, for example...
i'm giving the art book a miss, but for those who like that sort of thing i bet it's a steal.
i agree with ravenwing. i am getting this game regardless because most of the sculpts are amazing, but now is the time for constructive criticism. now is when things can be changed and improved. this game will be fine even in the gods look a any where from average to below average, but it would just be nice if they looked as amazing as the rest of the game.
@henrik, i agree with you there. $25 is very reasonable for a limited run book that will no doubt have very high quality prints (we know the art itself is high quality). i personally don't really care for art books but if i did, i would be all over this one.
$25 adrian smith blood rage limited ed artbook? yes. i think it's worth it. cause in this case it's exclusive enough to merit the price tag. imho. besides i'm here to get nice quality stuff, not to grab a mega bargain.  quality over quantity for me. ;-)
raven - we don't have a freja figure yet.
@lance - it's a neat item, but i think there is a lot less demand for it than for the 5th player expansion.  so, it will have an impact, but not as big of one.
@donnbobhardy: just mocking: i would miss all the different comments in this section :)
cool figures as stretch goals is what will get people to pledge for 2-3 games. i just do not feel the latest 2 figures are that good and freja is also a little meh....
loving everything so far - and hoping we're going to get a chance to unlock an actual miniature for thor too! :)
@alexander - what?  why are you letting go of your pledge?
i think the latest figures in the stretch goals are not up to usual standard. very flat and undynamic. that is why we have slowed down i think.
why i already took two, must i let go my pledge now? is ragnarök already upon us? :(
maybe if the artbook included a copy of the full rules and had other use besides a 50 page book it would increase interest?
the adrian smith art book will be a very limited quantity, one-time print run. this means the production cost is significantly higher than a book that is produced for general release. it doesn't make sense to compare its cost to books that are sold through normal book channels, but rather it should be compared to other very limited-release productions.
everyone wanted the art book! and now that there is it doesn't seem to have moved things much... or it's just my impression?
well i don't think it's unreasonable to make a comparison with similar quality products and quickly come to the conclusion this is either printed on the most lavish paper ever or very overpriced. few quick examples: - $32 - art of brom, hardcover, 176 pages. - $20 - out of the forest (paul bonner), hardcover, 176 pages. - $27 - art of the mass effect universe, hardcover, 184 pages.
@thiago ... oh well i guess i'm fine with an unsigned copy then xd
@bradley - true, but i'm assuming that they are still talking about unused art of things that we got.  i'd be really surprised if we got art for sleipnir (for example) if sleipnir doesn't end up in the game.  i could certainly be wrong, but it would explain why it says 50+ instead of giving an exact number.
two books here, please!
we do have to remember that the art book is limited, a ks exclusive.
@donn - the update does say it will contain preliminary sketches and even some pieces that went unused.
@alex - maybe his math is fine, but he's dyslexic?
i suppose it depends how much you want it.  if you want it, then you pay the $25.  i would like for thiago to confirm/deny my suspicion that it will get bigger as we unlock more things.  i would assume that unrevealed sgs would not have their art put in the book.
slightly concerning that a major online retailer can't do basic math ;-)
probably is given adrian smith's general level of work, but 25 dollars for a 50 page art book is rather on expensive side (to put matters mildly). 30-40 dollars will get you a lot of very good and insightful artbooks that contain around 120-170 full-color pages.
rofl!
o.k. my math skills such, i mean .50 a page
$2 a page?  $25 for 50 pages is 50 cents per page, or $1 per sheet.  and it says "over 50 pages".
@alex: found it. cheers.
@batei - retail will be whatever is unlocked here.
$2 a page...
how many gods are there total in the game that we might see?  did anyone ever release the exact number that will be in the expansion that sees retail later?
the artbook is really amazing!!!!
hmm... it says "over 50 pages". maybe it will get bigger as we unlock stuff?
reinhard - yes, you can see the token in the update about the expansion.
art book? sold!
yep, couldn't wait any longer to pledge thanks to the adrian smith artbook!! question regarding the glory markers (i've been trying to keep up with the comments as much as i could, so not sure if this already had been answered), will a green glory marker also be included in the 5th player expansion box?
so glad you're doing an art book for this ks like you did with xenoshyft! i didn't up my pledge for the 5th player add-on but definitely going in for the book. thanks!
onward to frigga!
art book added! great add-on cmon!
def gonna up for the adrian smith art book. does it come signed?
i just wanted to say i absolutely love the way this campaign is being run. already upped my pledge for the expansion and i almost never do that.
@lance codarin: well, if you meet eric or adrian in a convention somewhere, i'm sure they'd love to sign your game/book.
be glad that loki doesn't look like loki from marvels.
yes, tyr needs a neck and loki's facial features need to be a bit less brutish and more sly like the  art.
thiago will it be possible to have a signed copy of the  game box? just curious
thanks thiago! any chance of those being being in this k.s.?
i guess i'm just a sucker for good art books.
tyr still needs a neck, but the shield detail is nice!
i peed when i saw the hardcover add-on...thank you!!
@alexander: yeah, i really appreciated having my copy of summoner wars: alliance signed.  a sign art book would make for a true collector's keepsake.
@steve phy: ragnarök tokens are 55mm in diamater.
nice hardcover art book. ok im in...
and i think a second one is the perfect gift for my wife! :)
thiago, do you know how big the ragnarok tokens are? i'm looking at the cmon website for "lava" bases and was trying to figure out the most accurate size that could be used in place of tokens. i think it would be neat to have. thanks, steve
+1 for signed books!!!!!!
i wonder if there is any way to have the book signed by the artist?
i like the tyr mini but will admit he reminds me of the riders of rohan. love the shield detail appreciate that we got the pic.
@thiago, thanks, another month, another credit card invoice
soulchief he probably is :)
soulchief - he has to go to the leftorium for some stuff now...
riftsinger i think they already in the works of making it, we have already seen the throne.
@bradley - agreed, not perfect, but better than hot topic loki.
tyr has good detail, but the pose is so boring. not an action pose or anything, just looks like he's standing in a line at a store.
$400k here we come! nice update! i would assume lots of people, including myself, will be getting the art book.
mini of cover art please
@paul - my only issue with tyr is that it looks like his head is pushed down to far. like he has no neck.
@rodrigo marra: yes, you can.
@thiago, can i add the art book or the expansion after the end of this ks, during the pledge survey or manager?
i actually think tyr is the nicest of the gods sculpts so far, and it's the only one that is still a wip it seems.
@thiago: thank you so much for the art book. it is a wish very close to my heart!
and we all cry onward to the next unlock!
now this is an add on that makes everyone happy! not game related so even gamer completionist are happy abut it's exclusivity! nice one cmon!
let there be art! and there was art.
instant add. love the art book.
they just looks so much less imposing than the clansmen. were i a viking and met loki i'd be thinking....."really? this guy?"
you'd think the gods would be the best sculpt quality out of all of the mini's... not the worst.
@raymond - i am less impressed with the gods sculpts than i am with clans and the monsters.
@raymond wiggins yup i agree.
@mjcc i agree. more cards to introduce more randomness would be a great thing. things that offer replayability makes games much more appealing to me.
@justin no we don't burned tokens xd there are already many tokens (some of them unecessary). what we need is more cards and ways to improve the game to make it more ramdom. i found that an element of surprise (the gods) is great when you play with the same group from time to time
i am very disappointed with the sculpting quality on the first three god figures. if this had been the quality of the initial figures i never would have bought in.
@alex -- thanks!  good news.  because of sedition wars, i was expecting some assembly because of how intricate these minis look.
jj - they are single-piece/preassembled.
for a person with essentially no miniatures experience (yet), how difficult is assembly of these miniatures likely to be?  is there/will there be a good how-to resource to learn how to do it properly?
i've heard rumor previously in the comments that the 1st player token was the last token upgrade stretch goal.
i hope to see some more ks exclusive non-token figure stretch goals.
so, what y'all are saying is that we need a stretch goal for 3d burned counters!?
@justin; the doom token is only a token to show which province will be destroyed that turn. for destroyed provinces there are other tokens, who carry the name of each province; which are randomly picked out during set up.
justin - you remove the token when the province gets destroyed, then place it on the next province to be destroyed. destroyed provinces have their own token.
@justin the doom token is to put on the territory that is going to burn. when it reaches the end of the age you put a burned counter on it and move the doom token to another territory marking the next territory to meet ragnarok (you end up only needing one)
can someone explain why there is only 1 doom token? wouldn't we need one for every round of the game for each new area that gets doomed?
can we have a fenrir figure...
@chris: agreed :)
i'm packing this project, because i respect adrian smith's work really much. dunno if i'm even having a chance to play this game ;) ... playing solo mostly.
@david - you didn't, but it helps to make a point to extend a principle (reducing the cost by paying partly outside the kickstarter). but we should leave it alone anyway and let people talk about the awesome game instead =-)
@chris: i don't think i suggested any such thing but hey, different point of view.
@david - sure, its' also a better deal for both if we skipped kickstarter entirely and everyone who would pledge here did a direct payment, no 10% cut! except...i want to use the convenient platform where i throw a chunk of money and get a product down the line in thanks. having to mess about doing a second transaction later, for a non-fixed amount of money, is...not convenient. but like i said, not going to change, so meh! =p
@donn:  true but i would rather pay a true reflection of shipping later and pledge more on worthwhile goodies now (or be financially prudent and resist temptation, depending on who is reading this over my shoulder).
@david - yes, but then it doesn't help reach sgs!  ;)
@chris s: there are a couple of reasons that make charging shipping a better deal for both cmon and backers.  they have an accurate quote for your actual pledge and also they don't have to pay ks a cut of the money collected, which reduces the cost to both parties.
after what i can remember about frigga is that she has to rams that pulls her chariot/wagon.
paying shipping after through cmon is better as it is payable by paypal so i don't get gouged for the currency change by my bank like i do for payments via ks direct.
my bad, freyja is the one that has the boar and the two cats.
godfather punk i don't think she has the boar.
@godfather - i think i'd happily pay 10% extra on the shipping to get it out of the way as part of the ks...i mean the whole reason i like it as a platform is the convenience. cmon splitting off part of the payment is just awkward ;( not going to change though, so...meh =)
freyja had the boar.
well i knew that either freya or frigga had the cats while the other one had the boar., hildisvini wasn't it? i just couldn't remember which was which.
@teowulf - good question!  +1
i buy this game + expansion just for the gorgeous minis alone! :d i wonder though, with so many rather influential cards, how much does luck play a part in the outcome and how many influence has player skill/strategy? 50/50? 30/70?
@mjcc: the winner of the battle wins glory, it doesn't matter if he's the player who started the pillage or a player that just joined the battle.
balgin stondraeg its freyja that has the two cats.
@jorge - ks takes a 10% cut of all pledges. so while cmon will have calculated this into their pledge and add-on prices, they would have to add this 10% to the shipping cost from their own pocket.
my only problem with the $30 5 player addon is that the plastic tokens are ks exclusive. i'm on the fence, because we only occasionally have a fifth player in our group. i don't want to drop the $30 now if the person doesn't come regularly. but if that changes, then someone is stuck with cardboard chits rather than the nice plastic tokens the other 4 players have. it ruins the aesthetics of the game to buy it at a later date.
got it.  thanks!
@jorge - they ask that you not do that.
probably a silly question, but can some of the funds we add/pledge go towards shipping?
@rudolfo - i agree - tyr's hand holding the sword looks too thick to me, but i'm 100% on board with the loki and frigga figures
i like frigga, back on track. thanks odin!
@jared - are you asking if there is a way to use all of the gods in a single game?
@jared - please elaborate. i am intrigued.
well frigga is the goddess of good housewifery. i was  mildly disappointed by the lack of her iconic distaff but it's a good model all the same. isn't she supposed to ride a chariot drawn by two cats? i should probably go and refresh my memory :).
....if we get all the gods, can we *just* use them as a 3rd gameplay choice??
both the frigga and loki miniatures are awesome, think the only thing that's annoying me about tyr is his sword, it's a little too fat and short, probably means it won't break as easily, but ruins the proportions. the artwork for all three gods is amazing.
oh, and freyja!
godfather punk, frigga's look fits her, if it had been freyja then i would agree there would need to be shown more skin :)
frigga on friday, why ofc ;-) i like the mechanics when adding gods into the mix. will make your strategy more situational. this will probably be default mode for our playing. i like that the clans have a "free" playing style and that you can customise as you play. and at least in theory were getting a fenriswolf too, on tyrs shield...
lance - it was indeed!
@thiago wno wins glory for the victory? the winning player or only the pillaging player if he wins?
@teowulff; expecting two gods as well. thor and odin. weren't there five gods in the cards? @donn; yeah, i want to see 2 again as well, too bad we went back to 1.
i'm still hoping for: gods - thor, odin, heimdall monsters - fenris, nidhoggr, and sleipnir
@lance - almost there... almost there...
i'm hoping foir a heimdall figure
well see you tomorrow since we will wait a bit for the 400k sg :p
i was really hoping that we'd go back to having 2 revealed sgs.  any chance of getting one more?
@thiago and don that's what it sounded like, just wanted to make sure. love this game mode so far btw, definitely an excellent way to change the game up
love the frigga mini! :d i expect one more god: thor (like in the trailer), perhaps 2 (if odin is also included) .. and wither then?
@bruce hansen: it's chosen by the pillaging player.
@bruce - sounds like the pillager chooses.
*moving a god. ty autocorrect
@alex was that a pun or... :p
@ thiago so when you're moving a good to another province after a pillage, is it a random province or is it chosen by the pillaging clan?
frigga is awesome! escapes me at the moment the possible strategy with her but i see her as a great game changer! and tyr from the other angle gained some points! still think is too static but the details are amazing
hah! yeah, the shield gives us a fenrir off the bat.
hmm.. the rules about gods of asgard could explain why the minis look so statuesque. the gods don't move around much so they could be like a constant force of nature looming in the background over a province.
also, tyr's shield makes me like that mini even more!!
friggin' awesome!
i really like that mini!
@joe - lots.  depends how many they want to do.
that is a great mini
lets go for friga!!
looks like we are working though the gods, how many are there?
she could show a bit more leg and cleavage is all i'm saying ;^)
the friga mini looks great!
friga!
@godfather punk: you cracked me up with that update song! lol
maybe not.
hmm can it be that cmon are not a active in this ks then their other ks, like r&b, zombicide and such?
don't they usually wait until it is over $1000+ clear of the sg total before posting an update to avoid trolls?
sons of the gods today we shall die open valhalla's door let the battle begin with swords in the wind hail gods of war!
@jeremy it is their own pledge manager ckpm - coolminiornot kickstarter pledge manager
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
thanks fellas!
bang! next sg please...;-)
@jeremy : https://ckpm.coolminiornot.com/
@jeremy - i think they use their own.
here here
bring on the update!
bring on the update!
@ godfather agree completely! now that we've got tyr, let's have a fenriswolf sg ready to bite his hand off and devour oden ;-)
kegis - sorry i called you kent, ipad must have corrected or something, lol.
which pledge manager does cmon usually use?  the one named pledgemanager? or another one? (it's name evades my brain at the moment.)
sounds great- thanks!
kent - after the campaign you'll get access to a pledge manager that allows you to select how your additional funds are allocated.
@luis yes increase the pledge to 105
i had the same question. their instructions on the update were to increase your pledge by the item amount and they'll sort out what the extra money is allocated after the campaign.
@luis yep just add 30$ to the pledge... remember though that you can pledge now and help reaching sg or if you are broke at the moment you can pledge in later into the pledge manager cmon usually does
luis - correct!
yes, that is what they wrote
@luis - yep.
@luis: correct you are, sir!
i'm new to the whole kickstarter thing. how would i go about getting the 5th player expansion? just increasing my pledge by that amount?
ok seems at the moment we weeded out ome of the trolls... thiago are you there??? i know you are preparing some delicious mead for us!
pretty sure, we need the next goal ;)
up by just 30$ (meaning either someone plledged for a future expansion or someone was undecided regarding the 5th player)
@dave f: just look out for the troll backers, than you can catch one. smoked troll tongue is delicious!
hurrahs back above!!!!
boo back below 370 :(
i *do* hope the next sg is a better sculpt than the last two.
bickering happens on almost every miniature based boardgame i've either been a part of or looked in on. it's not unique to cmon kss at all.
@lance; no problem, just be prepared as you become a part in other projects. ;)
boom!
fair too.  might help if i could type this morning haha.
who let the dogs out? we need some fenrir action in this ks!
tyr wake up and destroy our enemies! now we just have to wait a bit and isolate troll pledgers... see you in around 20 minutes
@olivier: conan was not as far as you make it in pricing :)  the base game of conan was 90$ for  74 minis and 2 boards.  tokens etc for the game included.  the expansions were 50$ for 1 board and 23-25 minis.  8 scenarios in the base game, 4 in the expansions.
boom hit tyr, wonder who is next?
sg reached!
https://www.youtube.com/watch… update! update!
@tim i admit i didn't partecipate in much campaigns but i've seen this kind of bickering only on cmon campaigns so far
yup, everything quite similar.
@lance, not only cmon chat discussion, i have seen and participated in some more. xd
also 220 more!
@donn not really much just the usual bickering between having or not having add ons, fair price or not fair price expansion... basically your average cmon chat discussion whenever we are waiting to reveal the next sgs! xd
donn - just some talk about expansions, nothing much. almost to tyr!
@donnbobhardy - just the normal ks comment topics. :)
you almost missed tyr! quick, throw in $400.
good morning!  what did i miss?
i admit i don't know olivier or mark's gaming history, but going from their ks profile, this might be the first minis project they're following. this gives them a different perspective from us 'veterans'. and maybe they're not wrong, just like in the ffg example, and we're just too used to the ks strategy that we no longer mind being manipulated. anyway, i look at this kind of campaigns like a sports match, where you root for your favourite team and every stretch goal feels like another point scored, another step closer to the title. you don't want to see the end score on the board at the start; you want to live the experience! (like the first bones finale or recently the conan ks). just my 5ct
yup ffg's and having all the major badies / npc as cardboard pieces so you end up using just as much on 5 minis as the rest of the game, is not a nice move :( compared to conan ks my only issue is i don't have time to paint it all ;)
olivier; you give me the idea you never bought a game at retail. ;) an expansion has never been a x part of the base game. base games are always cheaper when you count it per content than their expansions. conan the same thing. the base game is $80 (not counting the kse pledge level, which is a real sweet deal) and expansions are $50 with much less content. =)
+1 paul! that is a dick move on their part (did the same on relic and wiz war saying "future expansions will use this set of rules")
@paul sousa: +1
paul - they even included tokens in the main game for the characters in the expansion packs, but made you buy the expansions to get the minis. now that is a low move, and is why i didn't buy it.
@ jeremy if $30 is the going price for 10 minis then their price setting of the complete board game should be $138 for the 46 minis we get (without the extra tokens and kickstarter exclusives/ upgrades). as a company you either make a fair price setting where your price is a reflection of the quality you provide or you make a price setting where the price is lower but delivers the same quality to attract a lot of backers. if you then up your price for a small expansion this is the effect you get... compare it for example to the conan board game, their price setting was clear as were the expansions (a lot of extra content and quality but in line with the original board game)
anyone here ever play ffg games?  i mean look at imperial assault.  they announced the ally and villain packs at the same time they announced the game itself.  you think they didn't plan on han and chewie being in the game from the start?  or how about the lieutenants in descent?  this is the nature of the business.  being a completionist in this hobby is not cheap.
someone go wake tyr up and let his rage fall unto our enemies! only 780$ more also wake up thiago :p
and that's without the fancy deluxe upgrades.
give me 15 figures at 2$ each any day , compared with 2 metal figures for40$
@olivier: i played warhammer 40k for a while.  30$ for 10 minis is about the going price unfortunately.  at least the expansion comes with cards and 3 extra miniatures.  i almost imagine the msrp of this game will be closer to 79.99 or 89.99 like zombicide once all is said and done.  which makes the expansion even more of a good deal.  i also saw someone say that they might mix this expansion (plus any future add-ons like the boar clan) together with the gods stretch goals.  i could see that selling for closer to 60$ in retail.
fark 1000 left! you were right punk, my excitement ruined my arithmetic ability...
rudolfo - still $1000 to go...
1000 more for tyr
not only that but also on the fact that for 4 player you destroy one space from the start and with 5 everything is avilable... though that is a reason too
just pledged the last $5. tyr incoming!
lance - are you basing that solely on the fact some provinces have 5 spaces? or is there something else i'm missing? some provinces only have 3. i don't think number of spaces in a province is a "clear" indicator that it was designed for 5 players from the outset.
joe: they already said they don't plan it because with arcadia quest they had too much trouble to fulfill everything
@jeremy, who says i'm comparing them? i'm just showing a game that offers a 5th player as a stretch goal, nothing more. i understand good miniatures cost money but one expansion with +/-15 miniatures at almost half the price of the complete board game does seem a bit "pricey" don't you think? if this was their strategy from the start they would have been better off just selling a 5 player game at 100$. it would not affect the success of this kickstarter in anyway.
still $1,110 =p
that said i'm happy to be able to play five player if needed! and the minis are just good!  i hope though they won't start selling mini packs addons just to reach all the planned sgs like they do in zombicide in which in order to get a couple of minis you either pledge for them or you have to go on ebay to get them at an even higher price...
any chance of a painted version like arcadia quest had?
@punk $110 actually! 2 more backers!
$1.110
@paul: hi again. correct description of the actual situation .)
please help me i cant stop
@alex looking at the map included in the base game it's clear as day that 6 players can't fit... the game so is intended to play 5 players maximum at the moment... an eventual 6th faction will be exactly like the ram expansion only with the boar clan unless they explicitely design with that expansion a new redesigned map
hi @ paul taylor. the ks addict anonymous group is the second door on the right :^d
@olivier: that isn't a fair comparison.  that game is not selling high quality miniatures.  those cost money.
why is it "clear" that the game was designed for a maximum of 5 players? especially when there is strong evidence of a 6th clan on the way.
just look a it this way: the base pledge offers a complete game for up to 4 players at 75$. i find this option cheap (comparing with the market we all know). if someone wants a few more players, it's up to him/her, increasing the total price up to 135$ which is the average (comparing again with the entire boardgame market). ^^
no matter how much we discuss about this, it is quite clear that the game was designed to be for a maximum of 5 players. in this case they decided to treat it as a separate expansion which does make a lot of people feel like they might have been tricked in some way but unfortunately nothing we can do about this. if you want to take a look how it can be done differently check out this boardgame where the 5th player expansion is a stretch goal: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/modiphius/the-thunderbirds-co-operative-board-game-by-matt-l
@alex; same experience here.
just jumped on this k s . recognize a few of the people posting from other k s , gday guys see the discussion is the same as all the others ive been on 99% happy , 1% feeling that somebody is trying to rip them off
punk - no problem, i usually read the updates several times because i'm usually too excited to absorb all the info first time around ;-)
wahaha, alex beat me. i was looking for the quote. =p
ok, i must have missed that part. thanks!
punk - from the expansion update: "while most of them are extra copies of cards from the base game, there are a few new ones, like the "widespread!" quest, where you need to dominate any 2 provinces."
addit: i haven't read everything about the god rules yet.
@godfather; some are copies, but also some new cards. =)
@alex c - from what i understood the 5+ cards are identical to the ones in the core game. just more to accommodate more players. are there new strategies or extra rules in those 5+ cards?
good call matt.  i didn't notice (and am pleasantly surprised) that the gods are not ks exclusive!
@godfather what you might see is that the gods alternate rules and figures bundled with the 5th player once the expansion hits retail.  which would of course make it more than $30.
matt and paul get it.
punk - you mean like the 5+ player cards that it comes with?
being on the expensive side means those of us that are completionists unlock more sgs for those of you that are not... at a faster pace :)
to make the 5th (and 6th) clan as add-on more worthwhile would be if they added something new to the gameplay. now it's just like choosing between white, black, red or blue chess pieces. as just mini expansions, they are on the expensive side.
@mark another thing to think about is if you were happy with the 4 player at 75 and excited about it, just stay there.  then you get to stay happy and enjoy all the extra freebies that those adding extra money into the pot unlock.
"4 player + wonderful goodies @ 75 = a solid feelgood value proposition, hooray!" good news! that option is still absolutely available to you. enjoy it and don't worry yourself over optional extras that you are in no way required to buy to have a great time with your new game!
i think it would be better to have more kickstater exclusive content. i'm a quite disapointed by the alternative sculpts, which should have been in the box a the beggining, in my mind.
4 player + wonderful goodies @ 75 still exists though?
mark you have to understand that those things that bother you, i.e. the 5th player expansion, is something many of us asked for. frankly, i'm pretty sure the game was designed for 3-4 players, ideally, and the 5th is added in only as an option for those who wish to try it. that's why it's a separate buy - you don't need it to enjoy the full spectrum of the game.
kickstarter isn't a "pre-order" place.  it says so in the rules ;)
1. there are no 'freebies' in this game. you are paying for a game with minis. 2. this was clearly designed from the outset as a 2-5 player game. (chaos was pretty clearly designed as a 3-4 to begin with, and then cleverly upgraded.) look, at the end of the day i am still backing. but i the taste of this has changed for me. why? is it rational? probably not. what makes you feel good is rarely rational. 4 player + wonderful goodies @ 75 = a solid feelgood value proposition, hooray! fifth player + unneeded 'alternate' bloat @ 30 = phoo. so sure, it's a tried and tested model. it was somewhat inevitable. it will raise money for them. but somehow, it reduced the feelgood. i am still in it, but it changed the mood.
it's like buying a truck. want the extended cab to seat more people? gotta pay extra. you gonna argue with the dealer that they "chopped up" the truck and that you want the extended cab for free?
cthulhu wars is also sold as a 4 player game. yes, the board has a flip side for 5-6 player games and you can buy extra factions. but the game as sold is perfectly complete, for a 4-player group. maybe cmon should have added a $150 completist pledge level and then offer the 5th and 6th clan as stretch goals for the pledge level. ;^)
"make a game, tell me what it costs, and then i'll decide whether to pre-order it or not. by all means add in extra goodies to sweeten the package." is this not exactly what happened? why is it that anytime a ks starts offering add-ons people start to claim that the original offering was "chopped up" and that companies are "milking backers" for the "full game"? is it just because people want the additional content for free and get sour over having to pay more to get more stuff? offering game content at additional cost, along with upgrading and adding to the game with freebies via stretch goals, is standard operating procedure for games like this, especially cmon games. you should expect it by now. it's a formula that works very well and generates a lot of money, which results in more freebies for everyone via the stretch goals. if you really were expecting anything different then you need to research cmon and how they run projects a little more.
seems totally normal to make it a 4p game and then offer a 5p expansion a la chaos in the old world + the horned rat.
i like how they offered the 4 player game at the price point they did, made it a straight forward decision to back it.
@mark someone posted last time this was brought up something along the lines of "would you rather a 5 player game for $100 or a 4 player game for $75 with the option of expansion?" really they're doing a giant favor for those of us that don't regularly have more than 4 players. that being said, i'm buying the add-on anyway.
@mark  selling 5/6 player expansions is a common business model. most of the german boardgames are sold that way.
frankly don't get what the issue is. if you don't want to play with 5 players, don't get the expansion. you can get it later in retail if you want. it's an option, and with all the free goodies they're giving us for the $75 i think it's really good value.
the $30 5-player add-on changed my feeling for this game. i was so positive about it; post that gouge, i now feel much more meh. to chop up a game, sell 80% of it for one price, and then offer the last 20% of the game for another 50% of the asking price leaves a bad taste in the mouth. i want a simple proposition: make a game, tell me what it costs, and then i'll decide whether to pre-order it or not. by all means add in extra goodies to sweeten the package. but to reveal the original offer was in fact not the full game, and then charge much more to complete it... it just goes against what makes people happy. here's hoping they find a way to claw the feelgood back.
@joe - find '2015 kickstarter board game projects' on boardgamegeek (a quick google will get it). bookmark, easy =)
joe - i maintain an "upcoming projects" list on dakka dakka: http://www.dakkadakka.com/dakkaforum/posts/list/629971.page
@chris smith (smoothsmith) only just started collecting mini's games (the 3 i backed on here) so still learning where to check online/facebook to see upcoming stuff.
@joe depends what you're after ;p. i think the mini's games are pretty obvious, but smaller euro-style ones can fly under the radar... and non-board game projects that are worthwhile are really difficult to find =p
seems i have been bitten by the ks bug too, problem is finding the gems on here, i never really know how to do it.
how about a kickstarter for a kickstarter anonymous group :-) i really hope there's not very many add ons, my poor wallet.
justin - it goes in the province that will be destroyed by ragnarok in the following age.
@håkan karlsson let me know too! hero quest 25, dungeon saga, zombicide season 3, rum & bones, blood rage and conan is on my watinglist in the moment^^. the trick for not become broke is to buy multiple copies and sell them at ebay^^.
can someone explain where the sculpted doom token is used? on the map? or on the round tracking board? and wouldn't it be nice if we could get more of these tokens to use on the map as well to mark the destroyed areas?
@weresheep if you find the kickstarter anonymous group, let me know. :) dungeon saga, kow 2, basius 2, twisting catacombs, rum  & bones, exploding kittens and blood rage qualififies me as a addict too, i guess.
sorry... no add ons... i mean sg of course...;-)
oathsworn made a mounted odin on sleipner and the are planning a freyja on hildisvini. in case blood rage should only give us the pedestrian version.
lol @ weresheep.
@godfather: bones ii (depending on what you all got) has not really any viking minis in it ... and the core set has only one (swamp) troll and no giants. as i only ordered core + dds, this here is a great addition (uh ... conan is a great addition, too ... and heresy's monsters ... and mantic's dungeon sage ... i guess i'll have to look for a kickstater anonymous group).
@andres ps: +1
hopefully only other add on is the 6th clan, with the rest being rewards.
andres: hell no! no exclusive mini add ons!!! i won't do this argumenbt again my reasons are down in the comment section... that would artifically inflate the sg counter and many people would back out including me
my bones 2 is scheduled for today but i only ordered dragons don't share.
unpacking my bones 2 box also makes me realise i should really back out of this one... 11 days of internal turmoil ahead... maybe if i don't take all the conan add-ons in the pledge manager.
unpacking my bones 2 box, i see the kraken has 10 ten-tacles! if i don't use the squid body, i could base them and have an extra 10 feelers.
@nrak je je
i would like to see as add ons... odin over sleipnir (8 legs horse) the wolf fenrir (son of loky) garm (the hell dog) jÖrmundgander (is the serpent that kills thor but we just have one serpent...) and thor of course....
i have wolsung and strange aeons tentacles coming in addition to the shadows of brimstone and conan tentacles. seems all the cool projects have tentacles in there somewhere...
hehe andres p. s. in the same boat tentacule wise but you can add reaper bones as well ;)
only 3325 more to awake tyr from his slumber!
i would like a tentacles add on to complete may collection with shadows of brimstone, rum & bones, conan... not... seriusly... thank you cmon for give us the sea serpent and not another tentacles... ;-)
@rudolfo da fonseca thank you
@julian c if you want to paint the miniatures, you really don't want to keep them in those plastic pseudo-molds. it'd be better to magnetise the bases and then glue a thin sheet of ferrous metal to the bottom and/or sides of the box. then have whatever inset cover them and hold he game board and rulebook safely over the minies. you'll only have problems if the miniatures take more surface area than the box has to offer.
@derek - true, but each added player is another chunk of time between you being involved in the game. there's only so far it stretches before you have a table of people who aren't paying attention and the fun dissipates - i prefer the other 4 players to walk away going 'that was fun, i'd like to buy it', rather than 'oh god that was so long' =) that said, a 6th clan for asthetics sounds like a cool idea =)
@chris: well, it would be worth it if you wanted to play it and you had 6 people sitting at the table :)
@efty - a collector's edition artwork box isn;t the issue for me - where to safely store these minis, especially if you spend time painting them, conveniently with the rest of the game is!  and by conveniently i don't mean in a separate foam case or similar.  the other similar game to refer to is journey-wrath-of-demons - here's the update showing their packaging: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1588487845/journey-wrath-of-demons/posts/1094652
alternate maps tend to be one of my favourite things for games, so it would be cool, although adding players past 5...probably not worth it =p
i wonder if the gods and monsters might interact in this "god mode".  would be pretty awesome to have some sort of events in the game with thor vs midgard serpent or tyr vs fenrir.
still 11 days to go... anything could happen.
it certainly is pretty disapointing when a kickstarter gets a negative for a day, usually happens when someone at a crazy pledge level like $2,000 realises how much money they're about to burn ^^.
less than 4k until tyr joins ragnarök! forward clan-brothers!
mm really hoping for a 6th player and new board.  could just be an alternative map on the flipside of the current board.
@jobra - zombicide season two was an amazing ks to take part in. things constantly getting unlocked - the amount of stuff we received in our packages was epic!
*hurt the morale some of those kickstarters we need a edit button
@andres doesn't look like the existing board will support 6 players at a time, but there is a hint of a sixth clan from in-game art (the boar clan perhaps).
@punk that shows 2 games i wish i had been around to back, conan and zombicide. also negative numbers on some days must have really hurt the morale of those kickstarters.
@punk great graphic, thank you. being early friday morning in the us things will probably only move a bit more in a couple of days, and then we have the crazy rush that will happen to wards the end of the ks - ragnarök!
the game support 5 players... do the creators say something about 6? because that could be the next add on...
it would help to have an additional add-on....
@lance great, hopefully starts moving well once the us gets to saturday, dying to find out what unlocks next!
@rudolfo : yes.  http://users.telenet.be/gpunk/ks/ks_eotr.jpg
more backers than run&bones  nice:-)
@rudolfo from my personal experience usually it goes fast the first 2-3 days then it starts slowing down a bit and picks up during weekends... finally last 48 hours usually there's a jump in pledges as many people like to stay away till the last moment possible
wouldn't it be awesome if the 6 player expansion was actually a separate board on top of a tree base on the yggdrasil area?
@andres and @joe - is it normal for proceedings to flatten out around this time? i've usually only joined ksers when things are going crazy and things are unlocking like crazy!
thanks ron. so if the board was a bit bigger and there was one more spot at each location, this could play 6 players ? � lol
the trend line has definitely flattened out today though. hopefully we get lots of backers over the weekend. would be tempted to release the other clan expansion along with the next sg if i were cmon, the project needs a little boost right now. i for one have already changed my pledge to make room for the other clan. we need to get all the gods, and hopefully a giant wolf or two and a dragon before our time ends!
@andres p. s. unless something major changes i expect it will hit 750k
nº 2 at kicktraq and kickspy... not bad... we will rise 1m!!!???
@jonathan as many as you can fit, basically :).
how many figures can be in yggdrasil at once?
they are also very tiny!
@efty - they're from stonehaven's 'elven adventurers' kickstarter  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2087444096/elven-adventurers-box-set
i suggested before the campaign started that they might do special edition boxes with clan-specific artwork as higher pledge levels. they didn't approve of the idea... :(
i think that the game is interesting but the miniatures are the key to increase the number of bankers. the addons is a solution to get more money but the exclusive minis increase the bankers interested only in the minis, i will play the game but it is in english and my friends dont speak it. so more minis = more bankers!!
@godfather punk where are those from?
julian c: i love that idea, a collectors box would be awesome
mustafa: there will be an odin miniature too. his throne has been shown as a spoiler on the fb page.
nidhogg would be specail because maybe he survives ragnarök.
has anyone suggested a stretch goal of molded plastic box-inserts to hold all the minis safely? that was a clincher for me on the conan ks when i was wondering how i was going to manage them all (still working on my myth mini storage issue).  ok i realise that "collector's box" was at the $3m mark, but surely do-able here?
i knew those squirrel minis would come in handy one day... http://d15chbti7ht62o.cloudfront.net/assets/001/290/472/289fca073958f3cc2b37d783ffbeef82_large.png…
if there is a fenrir or even nidhogg it shouldn't be exclusive as they are so iconic to ragnarok. maybe a monster expansion. if so i call ratatosk marker! ;-)
well we do have a sea serpent, so maybe thats to count for the midgaard serpent - but yes is we got loki we need thor as well (equal for thor as for loki)  when yggdrasil is such a central place on the map it wouldnt be a surpise if some kind of card with nidhug / the eagle (cant remember its name... im a bad viking i know)  @henrik - yes it would be soooo sad if we dont get fenris. i personally dont care about a 6th clan. but i do want all the "key" players in ragnarock + a bunch of valkyries & freya ;)
based on the story. only 2 more gods will be added: thor and heimdal.
i really hope that sg with gods will follow tyr in order to try finishing this extension before others monsters appears as sg. i will be a little bit sad to have half of an extension (the god) in this ks
i think it would be nice if we had some more female models to unlock. boar clan, freya, whatever. also i wonder if there could also be some additional unlocks for the expansions.
if we only get one large beastie it needs to be fenrir.  i would love jörmungandr as he kills thor so has a big role in ragnarok, but since he's so big he wraps around all of midgard i'm not sure how that would work.
re: additional monsters i'll continue to nag about a fenriswolf monster. it's just so central to the whole idea of ragnarök. it would feel a bit off having a ragnarök game, and they forgot to add fenris...
fenrir looks like a good large critter too.
i hope we can see nidhoggr (dragon) too...... pls cmon give it to us as sg.  it would be great!
at the time of the gotterdämerung, a viking styles Ällisön twilight knight would seem fitting :^d
vincent: sounds spot on. would happily pay for boar clan too.
@vincent: cmon already said there won`t be any cross-game add-ons for other cmon games.
already morning here in belgium. would have expected tyr to make his appearance but seems he will take his time. what i'm guessing will be sg: 4 more gods (gods box expansion) 1-2 extra (exclusive) monsters add-on: 2nd 5/6 player expansion boar clan still hoping for cross-game add-ons! bring us nidhogg (dragon) and ratatosk...
i have no ideas how many gods we'll see... odin for sure, and i'll be surprised if we don't see thor. balder? maybe some of the girls? frøya?
oh cmon, pledge! dying to find out what's next after tyr.
good to see you here mr. punk.
kicktraq doesn't agree with me: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/202091912/
i expect at least $750k. absolutely not less than 500k, but i don't see it getting more than a million either.
i want a miniature of frigga lol.
at least another big monster. someone mentioned a dragon.  as this is another 2-week cmon project that is not strictly a miniatures game, maybe xenoshyft could give us an indication of the trend.
i can't imagine, figure-wise, that we will see more than the gods, a 6th clan and maybe some additional monsters. an add on of the 6th clan and maybe a monster pack with cards would be cool. otherwise any additional figures should be s.g.'s. i would assume that we would make it to around $500k?, so the s.g.'s should fall into place. thoughts on the subject?
sleep time, cant wait for the morning to see what new sg's we have.
good night, all!  don't stay up too late!  :p
that would be ideal donn.
less than $8500.  let's get this by morning or early tomorrow at the latest.  maybe cmon will tell us the next 2 sgs when we hit this one?
@jimmy - unless you're using it in a battle and have already used it, i don't think it would matter much.  just playing it has no disadvantage if everyone knows what it is. . also, i like you deck house-rule suggestion.
quick question about the cards that come with the game. you get to keep a card at the end of an age. but if you aren't playing with sleeves, the next time you try using that card you will be telegraphing your move because the first age card back is different than the second age one. that seems like a design flaw. or am i missing something there?
an implementation of clan decks (as house rules) would probably be best done where you do the regular draft of 6 cards and then you draw 3 cards from your clan deck and can keep only 1. that way you build a style from the draft and have the potential to complement it with a mini draft from the clan deck. doing it after seems to avoid limiting the play style.
@skritter - but won't the cards you draft during each age going to add a unique style for each clan? if you have a set style before the draft, you limit the kinds of cards your going to look for and won't be able to react as well to what is handed to you.
what if each clan had a small deck of unique cards for each clan (for flavour). and before the draft from the regular decks you get to choose 1 card out of your own clan deck. - would this help add to a unique style for each clan?
someone made a suggestion early on that i liked of associating each clan with a god, allowing them to get an extra bonus when playing cards of that god.  i think that would make a fairly easy-to-implement house rule.
@cedric hey to each their own, right? i personally love the idea of clan perks and i love the idea of luck-of-the-draft, i just don't love them at the same time in the same game. lady luck is a cruel, fickle mistress and asking her help in getting my draft to compliment my clan seems a bit much for my taste. i'd rather keep the more variable aspect of the draft and lose the static element that would be clan perks. that being said though, this is where the magic of house rules happens. i'll be checking boardgamegeek.com alot to see if anyone manages to come up with some good ones, possibly instituting a clan perk system. i hope someone does, to satiate those who feel it's missing. but truly i it's way too early for anyone to legitimately claim that anything is actually missing as none of us have played it yet.
@ bruce hansen, thaigo jacob and others. thanks for your answers. still not convinced, two sets of ruels woulsd still be appreciated form my side. symetrical games is the ususal easy way. more interesting is to try to have a balanced game with different tactics/strategies. you may have different styles or ways of playing and just counting on a ucky draft doesn't appeal to me. i don't say it's bad and the game looks certainly fun as it is but... this speacial something that needs a lot of testing to propose asymetry from the start is the gold medal for me. and then you can always surprise your opponents by winning with a non-obvious, counter-intuitive strategy. likw in citow or other asymetric games ;-) . it's fu nthat we were all (or almost) lookong for a diffrentaition form the start anyway. eric lang and crew didn't find the recip, fine but his explanation was.. too obscure and uncinvincing for me. and yes you cn challenge me i will anyway test different starting options, i am just not the author and hav not his testing capacity and the insider- feeling of the game (not now). anyway it's their job :-)! interesting dicussion anyway. for the other topic, not fan of add ons either, bad for my wallet!
something that has come up about the cards added in the 5th player expansion. it says on some that they are 5+. i take this to mean do not use these cards with 4 players or less. right. but the part to me that is telling isn't when it isn't in use, but when it is. 5+. to me there is no way to interpret that other than there will be a 6 player version. if not, what is the + for? the more interesting thing will be if the 6th player pack comes with 6+ cards. i have been thinking about this because of the back board idea. 5 player being viable on the front surprised me, and yes, it does make the backboard just for a 6 player unlikely. but what if there is a 7th clan coming as well? one that has not been hinted at yet. i am pretty sure that thiago said there are not many more add-ons. he didn't say there is only one more. what would be the possible other add-on after 6 player? another thing to mull over with a back board would be that it could be a 4-6 player board with the front 2-5. adding variety that way as well. . . just some thoughts
@donn, oh well, worth a shot. i really regret missing that kickstarter.
well, "anything" is probably not true, but it would definitely have to be worth my while.
@renato - lol.  one was for a friend and i already sold the 3rd.  wouldn't sell my copy for anything.
@donn, dang are you interested in selling a copy?
er... i think elabortae is french for elaborate.
@maciej - to elabortae, for aq, i got 3 sets and the shipping ended up being around $14.
@maciej - yes!
@maciej cielecki: most likely, yes.
if i order multiple games from the same account and have them shipped to the same address, will the shipping costs per copy be lower?
@claudio - putting a price on gameplay is very hard to do, because it is very subjective.  we will soon have 5 new gameplay additions through sgs, with an unknown number beyond that.  what gameplay value would you put on those?  i would probably go with $5 each, just as a round number.  that means we only need one more sg to "break even".  we'll definitely get that and more. . i honestly don't remember what you original point was.  something to do with sg gap?  it's not great, but it's not horrible.
@claudio - thing is, all this info has been brought up in the 15 other campaigns that cmon has run. it's not going to change the way they run them. but hey, maybe you'll be the one to change their minds.
@claudio, ok just making sure because that's really what it seemed you were leaning towards by the way you were phrasing things. it just seemed like you wanted more and more free stuff completely disregarding the fact that it is indeed a company and they do have to make money.
@renato - hey i didn't say that. please take it easy. i'm bringing some info to this comments board, other than discussing about metal music and random things that are unrelated. i would like people to be critical, so that cmon gathers knowledge from the backers' opinions and this campaign can evolve in the best possible way. i like that some other people responded properly to my comments, i appreciate that.
@donn - you're bringing good points, so let me summarize briefly that i agree with you mostly. :-) as per the two large exclusive minis being worth $10 each, i don't think so. i'm here for the game, not the minis. there are so many good games out there, and some cost $20. those two minis will add a little bit to the game, but not much or it's hard to tell. i think you are referring to the production cost of those two minis, which is very relevant to the game producers but totally irrelevant for me. but, but... if you're saying that we'll see ~10 more sgs before the end of the campaign, than i'm happy. :-d
@claudio, so you're saying you basically want cmon to give us so much stuff that they just break even? if that is what you're trying to say then, i'm sorry, but that's completely ridiculous.
@bradley - yes we agree, though i think that there might be a buffer of earnings that they can play with and it's up to the backers to make themselves heard so that cmon can push the limits from their side.
that last comment was @claudio.
you don't think the sgs will be worth $30 by the end of the campaign?  the troll and giant are probably worth $10 each.  and we'll probably get another 10 minis by the end of this campaign as free sgs.
@bradley, true that. they are a company after all. i don't know of any companies who will willingly lose money.
@renato - sorry maybe i wasn't clear. first of all i'm talking about the sgs that are not in the base game. those sgs are not free because if you buy at retail you get discount and free shipping easily. so to make it simple, the price you pay for those sgs is the difference between discounted retail and the ks pledge. on bgg somebody did the estimation and it's about $30.
i think we can all agree, cmon wouldn't be offering anything that would cause them to lose money.
@renato - most retail locations will give you a discount and free shipping, so unless msrp is over $75, i don't agree.  but we both agree that this is a good deal, so why nitpick?
@donn, i don't like looking at it that way because, as i said earlier, you'll pay the same price at retail with no stretch goals.
also, less than $10k until tyr!
i'm one of those who looks at a pledge as paying for base + sgs, but i think this was a good deal before the sgs. . also, if you're going to look at conan, you should also look at ghostbusters, where the funding was $250k and most of the sgs are $50k, right from the beginning.  you also have to consider that for conan, the all-in price is way higher and that some of that profit is paying for those cheaper sgs.
all depends on how ya look at it i guess. could look at the pledge as the price for everything we are getting as a whole, and in that case yeah we're paying for everything. the way i see it tho, is that my 75 bucks went towards what i saw on here when the ks launched.  everything since then has been a huge pile of free icing on an already sweet cake.
@claudio, that'd be like saying "why does burger king give me 2 burgers for $2 but mcdonald's gives me 2 for $3?". those companies have nothing to do with each other even though they sell similar products. and yea they are free. if you buy it at retail, it'll be the same price and you won't get any of the stretch goals except for the alternate sculpts replacing the normal ones.
@claudio - i haven't had to pay any extra for any sgs.....
@renato why not count conan? it's a ks campaign for a board game. i just picked some examples that i believe most people here are familiar with and are easy to compare to. also, sgs are not free. that's what you pay in this campaign: base game + sgs.
just backed for $105.  i hope there aren't too many extra add-ons, may have to keep buying...
how about a double sided board ? would be nice to have multiple maps!!!!!! :d!!!
@renato ... completely agree, loving what we are getting so far for the price!
thanks for the replays. i guess there are just less sgs in this campaign.
@claudio it's a breath of fresh air for a nice short ks from cmon. i like the pace and fewer addons
@claudio, just a few things to your point. for one, just a technicality, but don't count conan. that project has nothing to do with this one.  and two, i've seen kickstarters not even do stretch goals. they don't have to. they aren't obligated to. they're giving us free things. who cares how far apart they are?
@claudio well this is a fairly short campaign, there might not be anything past the gods and probable 6th player expansion. or very little past them any way.  and honestly, i dunno, i might be alone in this but, i think this game is worth every penny with what's already included in the box.
@claudio - i assume that is by design.  cmon wants to keep the project under control in order to turn it around quickly and deliver on time.  hence the two week campaign, minimal add-ons, and sgs spaced decently apart.
how about a stretch goal so this plays when the box opens? https://www.youtube.com/watch… that'd be all sorts of awesome.
@claudio: maybe they have less material ready for sgs so they want to make them last?
again, nobody seems to have noticed my previous comment or is concerned about this. stretch goals are $30k apart, whereas they were $25k apart until $500k in arcadia quest, rum&bones, conan, and others... i doubt this campaign will reach very high pledge amount, considering the $75 base pledge and that they announced there won't be many add-ons. everyone here just seems excited with vikings... could we have sgs closer together please?
creeping sooooo slowly to the next god stretch goal :)
@jordan olmstead: zero chance.  painted miniatures are expensive.  they would never do it for a sg.
@jordan, if they were gonna do it, and that's a huge if, it would be an expensive add-on and definitely not a stretch goal. but it seems they had problems with thw arcadia quest minis being painted as a pledge level so don't expect painted minis.
@jordan sadly, i'm sure that would extend production time wickedly.  and you should start! i'm not a great painter myself but trust me, look up tutorials on youtube and become good friends with the term "drybrushing" and you can certainly churn out some cool looking paint jobs, i bet.
any change at a stretch goal for painted figures?  these minfigs are amazing, but unfortunately i have no experience painting minifigs.
@bruce exactly.
@jacob lol yeah i've been writing some essays on here as well. i love the ram expansion cause my favorite color is green and their models look really cool. i really don't know if i'll ever get a five player game going but the added opportunity for both myself and the people i'll be playing with to be aesthetically happy with the clan their playing with justifies the purchase to me.
i'm taking taking a break, i just realized how long my comments are...
@thiago thank you, that's very interesting. so getting back to some people's concerns about the ram clan expansion, i makes more sense to me why it seems like an unnecessary purchase. i don't collect minis, but i'm capricious enough to value a wider variety of figures when playing a game solely for the novelty as opposed to the mechanics. design is important, like what bruce was pointing out, but variety is the spice and whatnot. excited about the speculation on another expansion, and excited to hear what mr. lang has to say if he can make it.
@thiago thanks for the link dude.  eric puts it perfectly in there.  it was such an obvious design element, but obvious is not always right.  and in this case, obvious was definitely not the way to go. and that'd be awesome! hope he can stop by!
eric lang commented recently about clan powers in this thread on boarggamegeek: http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/1331424/do-clans-have-special-abilities i'll invite him to drop by the comment section tomorrow to tackle some of your questions!
also - i dare anyone who thinks clan powers are needed to try it when we get the game, make up the perks. good luck agreeing on who gets the "one more rage to start" perk lol. there's such a level of freedom in not assigning clan powers - you can now pick your clan based on your favorite color or aesthetics of the figures without worrying about who got the best perk or the worst perk. it would suck terribly if you love the raven clan figures but their power was in any way less impactful than the others'.
@bruce neat. that's really insightful,  that never would have occurred to me. i'm going to look up other games that eric lang has designed, i'd like to know more about his portfolio. thank you.
@jacob didnt say, but he said the first thought was "different clans, different powers!" and the eric became sure it was something that needed to be removed though testing.  i'm sure it's the first move any of us would have made and the decision to remove them must have been a hard one but in a game like this, our tactics should be built from the cards we draft, not what clan we pick.  clan powers could have unbalanced the game but even more, in my opinion, clan powers would have type-casted certain clans and made their players' tactic guessable. asymmetrical clans with hidden tactics ensure even play and variable gameplay tactics.
@bruce did thiago say why it was removed? how did it unbalance the game?
@skritter neat. are you suggesting that there might be clan specific cards or results that affects the player's clan? that wasn't a possibility that i had considered. if it turns out that isn't the case, if that's is what you meant, what possible variants or player made cards would you suggest might be trying? and the same at cédric; about the minis though, from what little i know about the demographic that cmon as a company appeals to, i would presume that blood rage as a board game is being marketed to the widest diversity of possible patrons. i'm new to kickstarter, the minis racket, and these style of board games, but it appears to me that the minis appeal to collecters, minis gamers, and similar groups, while the game as a whole should appeal to people who may play tactical strategy games. the marketing strategy is another factor, too. i'm learning all of this stuff as i go. if there is not some kind of variant rule or game mechanic that applies to specific clans that is announced during the campaign,  then what might you suggest? are there forums where people discuss game mechanics in this way that someone here would share?
@cedric - this has been a common thought but i posted something yesterday and thiago assured me i was right that something like that had been part of the play testing and removed for a reason.  the game will be better off without clan specific abilities, i promise.
if cmon would reveal all the cards like they did in r&b then we might be able to appreciate the process of the draft and the possibilities of the player choosing his own differentiated clan by the choices made in the draft.
i finally decided to enter this ks. everything seems awesome but... my big hesitation was the rules. waht's the point to have so cool minis with differenciated clans idf it is to have asuch a symetric game ? i see the comparison with chaos in the old world but the biggest cool factor with citow was to create a balanced asymetrical game! as much as i am unbeatable slaanesh in citow or a dwarfmaster in warhammer invasion, i would have liked to be a bear clan well respected leader.. is htere a way to have asymetrical rules that permits each clan to have its own specificities form the start ? dunno at minimum it could be bear with 1 more rage, serpent with one more horn, raven with one more card and wolf with one more axe. but special capacities would be even better.... anyway, now i am in, it's just ... almost perfect :-)!
french would be great.
decided to post here while we are in metal theme  http://youtu.be/pgydfpo91do its icelandic metal group.
nice game, but... are you going to translate other languages such as spanish, german, italian or french?
i think it would be cool if the miniatures of the gods looked more like carvings or some kind of viking art depicting them. kind of like the godstones in banner saga. but i'm happy either way. : )
funded. funded directly. my phone...trying to bring the thunder...
@uber @bradley i agree, i wouldn't expect it to be thunder directly but as an add-on instead. i think it might be unethical to ask backers to fund a portion of a project for which they would not receive some form of compensation. on the other hand, i think it would be a reasonable request to investigate the viability of a digital collection prior to suggesting a collection in a physical print copy unless that was already something cmon was already planning on offering, in which case my needling about a pdf is moot. mm...yup.
i would agree that the tyr figure could use some work (i know it says it is not final yet). his head looks too far forward and his chin is resting on his chest, but beyond that a god figure should look more intimidating than your average warrior and he looks kind of bland. seems to me that he deserves a more dynamic and fierce pose.  he just looks like he has had a long day and needs a nap.  just my 2 cents. the game looks amazing.
i dont know about you but... i wouldnt buy the extension but buy à second box and paint the bases. i would get à load of stuff such has being able to play at 6 players! i find the extension toooooo extensive!!!!!
@ub3r - yeah i would totally expect an artbook to be an optional add-on.
amon amarth "in pursuit of vikings!"  \m/
art book - is cool, but i feel it should be an optional add-on for people who want it. that costs money to design at the very least and especially if it's a printed book.
for those of you looking for good viking metal, my absolute favorite is ensifirum, all their albums. then i like the first two albums of turisas,(the last two are deviating away from the theme) and all but the last album of einherjer.( it might be fine, but it is all in norweigan, so harder for me to get into). if those are too heavy than there is tyr, which i like but is a bit mild. hold this heathen hammer high by them is a great song though.
love the stretch goals so far, and would definitely go for an artbook !
@tamurlaine i hate to ramble on about something that nobody is interested in, but i agree about a collection of adrian network.to ramble on about something that nobody is interested in, but i agree about a collection of adrian smith's illustrations, even if its just a collection of illustrations from this particular project. maybe if enough people are interested, then that seems like a reasonable add on to request. if backers agree that a pdf collection would suffice then it shouldn't take too long to contract the work, compile the development, andcollection would suffice then it shouldn't take too long to contract the work, compile the development, and design the layout and image spread. @thiago thoughts? have you noticed enough interest from pleasureshave you noticed enough interest from factors to consider something like that? if it would fit this project's budget and publishing target, what kind of funding would be required from backers to deliver?
the tyr figure... looks like he's frightened of our enthusiastic supporters... is it possible that we can get this one recasted a bit coz it seems really off compare to the other minis <3
@thiago. how about a digital file that backers can use to get their own t-shirts printed?
his mind might be a bag of cats but that doesn't excuse his massive size 20's! and i do hope poor tyr gains a neck at some point :)
@kevin yes! mind like a bag of cats! lol
@bradley - i dress like a lumberjack at work, and not in the trendy way.  gotta love casual workplaces.
any chance of more gameplay videos? i truly enjoyed the hel out of the first one, and would love to watch another game.
loki himself is crooked. mind like a bag of cats.
*legs
i don't like loki's feet... they are crooked =/
*wasn't
@jevr, i also want impressed with loki's sculpt but remember that tyr isn't final.
i have to say i'm not impress with loki and tyr sculpts, clearly from another sculptor than the warriors. massive heads, hands and feet give them a cartoonish feel which does not fit well with the rest of (more realistic) miniatures.  however i'd like to see them from angles, maybe there is a sligtht distortion on proportions due to camera angle.
@highlord - my office as a pretty lax dress code. jeans and t-shirts are fine.
i have to blend in too. but only during work hours ;-)
nah but seriously the suggestion of making game themed tees and selling them on your website would work i think. it's a good idea.
you swarthy metal heads can have your t-shirts. i'll take a nice respectable button- down polo shirt please. obviously to store my calculator and pocket protector. some of us have to blend in with our more respectable surroundings.
@thiago - don't tease me...
i'm in on the blood rage metal geek t-shirt ks too.
eventually we should do a ks campaign just for t-shirts of all our games, hehehe.
i just want an adrian smith art book at this point. i've gotten in to a horrible habit of buying old game books just to check out his stuff.
seperate campaign for tshirts - cause were bunch of metal n geek heads ? im down \m/
ok thx for the info! too bad, it would've been great. maybe an artbook (or pdf) then? mr smiths art is so good and really carries a lot in this project imho :-)  a pdf would go easy on the logistics anyway  ;-)
now, just making a bunch of shirts and selling them on the cmon website, separate from this campaign.... :)
then there are the possible (and more than likely) delays. so then do you hold everything for the shirts or ship them separately? if you hold them, everyone gets upset at the delay. if you ship separate, there is the extra shipping cost. do you cover that or make the backer pay for that?
i've been thinking about the idea of a new map on the other side of the map we get (doubled sided board) and i came up with this. it might sound silly, but at least i'll feel well by sharing it ;) http://postimg.org/image/oow6vrxef/
@thiago yeah i know been printing shirts for years & its a pita to distribute, but a little viking can only dream ;)  logistical nightmare are sizes of tshirts, printing em & all the fun of getting them distributed + people then moaning afterwards over whatever ;)
it was before my time, so i don't know the details, but it was very problematic dealing with a 3rd party to make the shirts, getting the right sizes to the right people. it was just not worth it.
+1000 for that t-shirt! wouldn't hesitate for 1 sec! what's with the logistic problems? i'm unfamiliar with what they were...
@morten: oh man, i'd really love a truly heavy metal blood rage t-shirt. it's a pity that doing this for ks has proven to be a bit of a logistic nightmare.
i'd like an art book,.pdfs or whatever. that would be cool. and as cool as the t-shirts would be i don't think those are a possibility. if memory serves, i heard there were a lot of hassles with the shirts in first zombicide campaign.
blood rage face tattoo. full length across the face, along the curvature of the jaw line, and the raven/skull on the forehead. thoughts?
oooh man can we get a tshirt as a side order, cause the blood rage logo on a black shirt in the middle of the moshpit, would bring this up to a whole new level of epic metal board game geekiness ;)  +1 on the artbook
after this campaign began, i was interested in the possibility of an art book to supplement the project that showcased adrian smith's illustrations, maybe concept art development or commentary etc, even in a digital format. i'm aware that many backers are concerned about collecting the most complete set of miniatures possible, or maximizing the total number of enhancements that a game like this could support, but i thought something like an art book would be worth while for a lot of collectors. i don't know how that might affect the game's publishing time frame but if the potential revenue superceded the cost for compiling an add on like that, it might boost the campaign's funds. and i've been listening to too much amon amarath because i'm so excited about this campaign. f#n thanks.
\mm/
eminem says "asgard" in rap god... that's all i have
yeah.  the pics would have been way more interesting.
ok granted none is as epic as manowar - if your not into metal you are not my friend ;)  but amon amarath guardians of asgard, do get up the scale of epicness ;) but standing firm against all odds guarding the most sacred home we protect the realm of gods our destiny is carved in stone three evil giants of the south are constantly on the attack with lies and fire from their mouths but we always send them back we are brothers of the north who are sharing the all father's blood marching down the left hand path we are spawned by asagods 'cause we are we're the guardians guardians of asgaard so much metal :p \mm/
can we have rainbow bridge terrain miniature as 500k sg?  :o)
again i see manowar. xd had "gods of war" in the car today. so nice. remember i saw them performing the album on magic circle fest. good times, good times. ^^
if we are talking about viking metal here then this is a good one too!  http://m.youtube.com/watch…
all i have  to say is: whimps and posers- leave the hall!
@morten: then sing us some amon amarath! let the our songs of glory shake the foundations of valhalla!
well, apparently i need to go pirat....uh, legally obtain some manowar.
d'oh! should have read bit further! other bands play.... :o)
if its a shieldmaiden then youll be pretty f... btw this manowar stuff gotta stop -> amon amarath is where its at, they dont do mosh pits, they row instead. should be manditory soundtrack to blood rage ;)
yes! tell me about when you were a boy.
@renato - pics or it didnt happen! ;o)
@thiago - a real story? are you a manowar fan? ;o)
@renato lule: then i'll allow it.
@renato - are you coming around to the idea?
@thiago, what if she's a viking?
@thiago - clearly, you don't back many kss.
i think pictures of renato's hot ta would be veering into off-topic a bit...
@renato - you say that like it's a bad thing! :p
@donnbobhardy, i'm not about to be a creeper here!
@renato - pics?
@renato - beats the alternative.
don't you hate it when you're in class and your ta is hot? so distracting.
no, no, not one of those, a real story!
oh, alright then, go and get your story  book.
i like the narrations ............. sometimes ;-) fighting the world was my first manowar album so its the best. and kings of metal after that............ grandfarther tell me a story....
on the themed music front i prefer "a fine day to die" with bathory. old metal skool at its best imho :-)
@skazz yep fenris will eat his way through the gods ;-) truly a glorious ragnarök! yeeaah!
@bruce hansen: hehe, yeah, i edited the songs to remove the narrations as well.
just watched northmen - a viking saga, not the greatest movie, but got me more excited about the game.
lol yeah the narrations are cool the first time. after that... i ended up ripping and burning a copy of the cd without them lol. of course this war back when cds were a thing
there was also this cool viking song on the cd just before gods of war... can't remember the name right now. sword in the wind or something like that
@alexander urbanek: yeah, kings of metal is probably their strongest album. i'm also partial to louder than hell.
@ub3r_n3rd: if you want the most viking taste of manowar, listen to the gods of war album. you might just want to skip some of the long narrations...
they made an album especially about the nordic gods: gods of war. personally i like "kings of metal" the most!
but they make really great music
favorite song(s) that i should give a listen to?
yeap. used to ride with fur boots through the woods.
yep: fu***** gods of metal! :)
not familiar with manowar. heavy metal band?
i thought the gods would be bigger. but that's good so fenris can kick their asses even better ;-)
@bruce yes time will tell :-) . by the way any news how the gods will work in detail?
to all manowar fans, i don't know if it was asked, what is the "god's of asgard expansion which backers get as part of their pledge" and the throne of odin?
the father of a wolf and the serpent of the sea the ruler of hell a giant is he now everybody: blood raaaaage!
there we go, confirmed! thanks, thiago!
so hel?
@ub3r_n3rd: yep, gods are pretty much the same size as the vikings.
he is the god of fire burning higher god of fire into the sky
@skazz i'm sure you'll start liking that rule when it allows you to win a 3 on 1 outnumbered battle lol. i'm already planning on saving any +5 and +6 cards up if i see tyr on the table lol
@renato - i believe they are the same size as vikings as they aren't "monsters," but maybe thiago will correct me if i'm wrong.
what about a new god, well lets say hell cards or something like that or alternate clan leaders.
what's the speculation about which other gods/goddesses will show up?
@ub3r, the gods aren't listed in the faq
to odin he's a brother a brother who is sly one who changes shape who walks across the sky now i feel better, thank you!
play on 10! the oden teaser looks just great! but i'm still rooting for a fenris sg ;-)
still dream of huge land tiles that can the used to cover a whole province if the province is destroyed due to ragnarok as a stretch goal.
@skazz - figure sizes are all in the faq's section (very bottom of story tab).
@alexander urbanek: manowar lyrics will never be off-topic here!
personally i do not like the try rule that much. only the cards count, i so not know..... regarding the stretch goals of course free figues are nice (whats gonna be their size by the way) but this is so predictible. the conan game had a lot more different goals like new cards and so on. but i'm not complaining just my thoughts :-)
i love the loki figure, but agree that the tyr figure is lacking somewhat. i won't complain about him as he's free, but he's definitely my least favorite sculpt of them all.
i must hesitate to type manowar lyrics, must not spam this comments....!
@skazz i almost agree, but 6 free figures (that will definitely cost extra at retail) in a row is still pretty friggin sweet. especially because the two rules presented with loki and tyr will certainly make for some interesting plays and the next four will follow suit
@thiago: agreeed!
and other bands play...
@skazz, cmon can be a little unpredictable at times so we'll just have to wait and see. in regards to the 6th player expansion, the only problem i see is that, because of the inclusion of 5+ cards in the 5th player expansion, they would need 6+ cards in the 6th player expansion effectively making it useless without the 5th player expansion.
i'm not too fussed about a sixth clan, they are all the same function wise so it would only be sugar... i would love to see an expansion or added dynamic to yggdrasil - it is so iconic and at the moment isn't 'all' it could be - i could see an additional board being added focusing on opening up yggdrasil to explore or delve into with a variety of options/challenges!
@alexander urbanek: nope, manowar kills!!!   ;-)
there is something strange with tyr's miniature. he has no neck ? i hope this will be modified in the final version. he looks like an old man wearing with pain his too heavy sword
@thiago: manowar rules!!!!
i hope cmon will vary the stretch goals a little bit. it would be a little bit boring just to have six gods in a row.
game play*
@bradley bellamy, its always good to have different choices as that would make each game different :)
sons of the gods today we shall die open valhalla's door let the battle begin with swords in the wind hail gods of war!
@the collector - and i agree with you. i'm in the "i just want more clan options" group. i rarely have enough for a 5 player game and forget 6+.
inching closer to that next sg, less than $20k now!
@bradley bellamy, that sure won't be put in a book of logic, just because there are 6 clans to choose from doesn't mean that all of them need to be playable ad once... but that seems pointless to argue about, just think if it was the same with zombicide, all the characters have to be used because they are there.
just watched the full game-play video, pretty cool. i like you can finish a game pretty quick instead of a four to six hour long (or more) slog.
if the sixth clan is just a sixth choice of clans for the current up-to-five player map, count me in. i love choices for both myself and fellow gamers. if they are for a now up-to-six player game, due to the "ignore the initial ragnarok" rule of the five player expansion i'd assume an alternate map would be needed, adding a tenth province to the border around yggdrasil to add one spot, like the "ignore initial ragnarok" does. although, having not played the game yet, again im sure 6 players have been tested on the current layout and if no other maps are released then im sure its because everything's working as planned. maybe a little crowded, but still just fine. so map or no map, 5 or 6 players, * insert philip j fry take my money meme here *
@the collector exactly my point but i provided more detailed reason why i think it's not reasonable to expect a 6 player availability… though i do expect another faction expansion
@the collector - that seems to be the divide between the two camps. one camp sees another alternate 5th clan. the other camp sees it as pointless unless you can also play 6.
@donnbobhardy but the middle land is connected with all others, so how would you do a new map? with lands even bigger who connect with more than the two adjecent may be? the idea of islands ands boats as transportation is also an option...
@justin - checked it out long enough to report it for spamming.
they could make a 5th alternate clan, which might be seen as a 6th clan, who says that just because there are 6 clans to choose from that the game would need to be able to be playable for 6 players?
they = their*
i'm in the camp that thinks this game is not fit for 6 player simply because there aren't enough spaces for minis... the only way around it would be adding another board with the 6th faction strictly for 6 player... usually games that provide 6 player options have double boards in which one side provides playability for 4 and 6 number of players  the other side with other amount of players... now having a board strictly for 6 player is usually counterproductive because it adds greatly to the cost... so either they have to redisgn the board in the core box or more likely they will provide additional faction which will always extend the number of players to 5 changing only the sculpts in it... that's my 2 cent
@justin really, you need to spam that in 10 projects?
hmm boar... well... would be nice to get a extra female clan and... well boar wouldn't directly fit that, but looking ad they other board games its probably going to be a male clan so why not boar.
guy check out this kickstarter as well! far space foundry https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/justinschaffer/far-space-foundry
@mjcc - why would they need to?  the middle land would be the only part of the board that wouldn't have to change for a bigger land.
double sided board seems like a great ideia, although i don't know how you'd reinvent the middle land (where all units can meet, with no unit limit...). if it is on your mind, surprise me cmon =p
i agree regarding mounted vikings.  however, i would love to see a sleipnir miniature added as a summonable monster.
@the collector - if we're basing our assumption of a 6th player on the cover of the 5th player box, it probably will be a boar.  there's definitely a boar helm on one of those guys.
@the collector - boar seems to be the popular guess.
if there would be a 6th clan, which animal would it be connected to? fox, falcon, owl, deer, hawk, etc?
concerning the mounted vikings, it wouldn't really fit into the game and vikings didn't really ride, they did have horses but they were mostly used to pull wagons and for working in the fields, not for riding.
i think to do a true 6 player version it will need to be on the back of the main board.  currently the most provinces have between 3 and 5 villages (spaces) for warriors to go, with 6 players you need to adjust this to have between 4 and 6 villages in the different provinces.  i think it would also be necessary to add at least one more province.  so the question is did the design team already work through this? i don't know, i hope so.  either way we will see at least one more clan.
with the small island board, you could add a rule that having a ship in a fjord makes the 2 adjacent areas also adjacent to the island.
@donn - i like the small board addition idea for 6 players. rather than making a double sided board.
6th clan would be awesome, i hope it's a playable clan so that my d&d group can all get together and play, but i'm also looking forward to the awesome figures that they'll have.
well, they could add any number of 5th player expansions.  then you could play with any 5 that you want out of the x number of clans that get released.  alternately, they could add a small board with an island that is set beside the main board.  or maybe just change the rules so that ragnarok doesn't claim anything until the 3rd round?  there are ways that they could do it.  it depends on how much work they want to put into it.
there seems to be 2 camps on the 6th clan. first is they are just going to add a 6th clan, leave it 2-5 players and you'll just have an extra clan to choose from. camp 2 thinks they'll make the board double sided and have a larger 6 player map on the back. but so far, we will all just have to wait and see.
i am going to go out on a limb and say the 6th team add on will be more than just a sixth clan. seems like they would need to create more playable zones and/or possibly increase the monsters available in the 3 ages.so that having 6 players and only 3-4 monsters per age won't impact game play (think musical chairs for available monsters.).
promo monster = that hafthor guy from game of thrones. i kid, i kid......kind of.
it is time for an add-on!!!
@ub3r_n3rd: and this was the dying god of war fighting with his bare hands. it is so great to watch.
hah! definitely destroys his enemies. the part near the beginning where he disembowels that dude, daaaaaaamn!
@ agreave check my comments about 2 hours ago
@ub3r_n3rd - i agree, it was very artistic and i actually liked the visual aspect of it, but the pacing was just too slow for me.
quite right, he does not talk but he punches the shit out of his opponents!
i tried watching valhalla rising, couldn't get into it. the dude doesn't talk and the cinematography is strange. a lot of people have recommended it and like it, it's awesome with it's graphic violence, but pretty slow to me.
outlander (2008) is good also. not that good, but it has some interesting details... it goes well with some ale
walhalla rising then!
anyone (english mostly) remember 'noggin the nog' with his arch enemy nogbad the bad? my first introduction to vikings!
ok, i know i've seen the 13th warrior. but it's probably been since 1999 when it came out. so, i'll have to rewatch it.
so, with the gods rules, and the alternate sculpts, can i assume we are now in the 'pile on unnecessary bloat' phase of this kickstarter? i suppose it was inevitable.
@agreave: no, do not google the wrigglies!
on the list they go.
@alexander, i must know more-i will google! lol :)
@mjcc: quite right. the 13th warrior is one of my favourites, too.
@mjcc ...100% yes...13 warrior is the best! i am also addicted to the vikings tv show, but i still am not sure why because i dislike every character lol
@agreave: yes, they are quite real and were quite popular in the london east end.
@bradley - the 13th warrior , is a most-watch! go, do it, go do it nowww!
yeah, vikings tv show is epic. my favorite episode so far was the end of season 2... crazy stuff going on and it all comes to a head there. season 3 has started off very strong and i'm really enjoying. happy it's thorsday so i can watch the latest episode tonight!
@bradley bellamy: walhalla rising!!!!
@bradley - erik the viking is always a classic.
@uber well said, but opinions vary. the whole point of ks is to help bring a project to life and offer opinions. i respect your opinion, but i am more of the type of person who is generally like you, but i will also not just accept things without trying and not offering my opinion on the font, would be just that to me. i have backed a lot of projects and have seen how backers have offered opinions that have changed the game. i know font is a small thing, but i also think it would not be a big deal to fix either.  . as far as giving us stuff for free, nothing is free no matter how free it appears. but i do thank them for not nickle and dimming like some other campaigns (of others and their own). but the fact is that these "free" things come largely because as backers we put up the capitol for the games production and remove a large amount of risk for them out of the equation.
@alexander, now that has just peaked my interest-are they real cookies? :)
any recommendations for viking themed movies or tv shows to watch while i wait? i've got the show "vikings" on the list to start. anything else?
i'd really like to see and add-on (cheap one) with tiles to use in the game of conan. tiles for all the giants in this blood rage... that would be cool! and diferrent designs for the gods also ;)
@agreave: i brought wriggly cookies, recipe from victorian times :) just delicious, but do not ask for the ingredients.
@alexander, well met-do you not think it's a bit restrained? hope you brought "hob nobs"?
seeing as the only other cmon campaigns i've been a part of have been zombicide seasons 2 and 3. i'm glad this one is a little quieter. not so many calls for tom savini and cornbread.
@agreave: maybe because i forgot to bring cookies?
@steve - just making my own observation as this game is 90% done (including all art, design, and rules) which means that the font and capitalization stuff is already finished and doing any changes now results in them losing money to "fix" what really doesn't need to be "fixed" as it's their choice to do. i'm not looking for any reassurances by anyone, i can care less what people say about me or think about me. i'm generally a very positive person and really rather look at the good in things and be happy about the free stuff that this particular ks is giving us with just a basic pledge. they aren't nickle and diming us here with a ton of add-ons, which also makes my wallet happier.
@skazz, i'm completely with you there. i like the idea of a fifth player but i just can't get behind the ram clan. they seem a little lackluster compared to the other clans. raven is my favorite so far i just wish the beak on the token was pointed because it'd look more intimidating imo.
@skazz - odds are you'll get your wish. one of the images in the updates shows warriors from 6 different clans.
@uber i could be wrong, but by your comment i think you directed at me a little. i am not really complaining. sure, i do not like that the box art is all lowercase, but as i said, it will not prevent me from buying the game and cmon is doing a great job with this ks. i was just curious why they found it so important to pick this lowercase style, but at the same time were not willing to embrace that style on their own ks or comments, or advertisements. so i guess call it complaining if you want /shrug ...i felt like i was making an observation.  . that said, i find it funny that you find the need to post how you find complaining posts funny..seeking the reassurance of others....people are just silly in general..all of us.
i hope for another 5th player expansion. the ram clan is not my favorite....
@renato - that's a good point too, that's constructive criticism and comes across much better to other people and especially to the creators of these things.
i find the comments section gives a good insight into the "passion" people have for the concept/game etc. i have to say that this is possibly the 'quietest' comments i've seen for a while imo. :)
@bradley - exactly, that's my main point as well.
@peter, it's still better to say "i don't like x because of y reasons. i think z would be better".
if the game is truly 90% complete. i really don't see them changing anything.
@renato lule of course it helps, it lets the creators know you didn't like those things, and you might get something else the next time.
it's comments like that that make me smh as well, araziel. it's fine though, i just laugh it off and chalk it up to silly ks comments again. sit back, drink more coffee, and enjoy the day.
or better yet, remove the whole pesky comment text field and just make three buttons to post pre-generated comments: "omg!", "awesomesauce!" and "woooooo!", that'd be amazing!
well there's complaining and there's constructive criticism. a lot of ks comments go well into the whiny/complaining/nerd raging stuff especially when ks creators already have some stuff finished/done and can't go back to fix it or make those people happy. again, can't make everyone happy.
@donn and peter, i think what ub3r is getting it is that he doesn't like people who complain. i personally don't mind constructive criticism but when people are just like "i don't like this", "this is stupid", "i didn't want this free thing", it doesn't help anybody.
how about mounted miniatures?
yep, tyr will take a while.
i don't see us passing this stretch goal today without the help of another add-on. we might just have to wait until tomorrow for tyr.
@ub3r_n3rd i know a lot of kickstarters that's a lot better because people complain. i find it really strange that there are people trolling every comment section, seldom doing much but pointing out whiners and complainers. if we don't point out potential stuff to change or fix etc we might as well be quiet imo.
@ub3r_n3rd: agreed. so many pretty minis for so little! i also pledged for the expansion, just couldn' t resist! ^ ^
@ub3r - can people not offer constructive criticism without "complaining"?  and if not, then is "complaining" really such a bad thing?
that's half the fun of following a ks ;-)
i find the comments section somewhat funny as people complain about different things in these kickstarter from fonts to capital letters to not liking free things. i sit here, drink my coffee, shake my head, and laugh at the absurdity sometimes. the old adage of, "you can't make everyone happy" certainly springs to mind here. anyhow, a shout-out to blood rage, cmon, and everyone running this. great job everyone, this is a wonderful campaign thus far and just keeps getting better!
@arto "d2" : ....yes, perhaps they did not use capitol letters on the game box title because vikings did not use capitol letters, but runes instead (as you point out). that said, they also didn't use english, so i cannot see your point.  . i just do not like the lowercase title. that said, its funny the title is represented with expected capitalization everywhere by cmon, except the box cover. in the end it will not stop me from getting the game. i was simply stating it bugs me and was curious why cmon refers to the name with capitols everywhere, but chose not to use them on the box...
thanks @jeremy bedwell, one of those things that is right in front view that one can't see it, thanks for info :)
@the collector: they list the sizes in the faq if you want exact sizing :)
@ron derksen, thanks for the reply btw :)
@ron derksen, okay, then i guess the bases are smaller then 25mm.
@the collector: the vikings are 32mm, the bigger ones vary from 72mm to 93mm, if i recall correctly.
anyone know what the size of the viking miniatures are, or do anyone know where they tell the size?
see if you can watch the whole saga
so you tube vids is it   right this will keep you busy https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ ole - thank you for that link
ahahahaaa, yes, saga of biorn is a great clip. poor bastard...
remenbered this video, enjoy https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@renato - yes... it is bit worrying...
@arto, i think what's really weird here is that you can smell 12 year olds...
from what i heard t-shirts during the first zombicide campaign were a fiasco. probably won't happen again. like painted minis in arcadia quest and battlefoam inserts (also from the first z-cide campaign).
i thought i smelled a 12 year old??.... weird.... :o)
or a $5 add-on for a complete set of green stuff with no actual minis!  would come with the 4 clan tokens, the glory marker, the ship sail, and the disks.  for those who want to play green on a budget.
donn if they are not minis or 3d tokens i'm fine on those kind of add-on
heck, if cmon is willing, we could have signed prints, t-shirts, mugs, etc...
slowly but steadily crawling to release the nordic god of war (get lost ares!!!) xd
@donn, i second that! add-ons that'll bump up that pledge total for more stretch goals, yet i won't feel obliged to get them! it's a win-win!
dann.  i'm debating about doing that. i figure i can paint well enough to distinguish clans, so i'll probably break up the clans.
@renato - oh, good.  i thought i was losing my mind. . back on the original subject, i would love to see a lot of add-ons that have no gameplay value at all!
i wouldn't care about colored dice if they were just colored. now if it was colored clan dice with the clan emblem as the 6 or something. then i would want it.
i'm still waiting onto chaosmos, slaughterball and steampunk rally so after this project i don't think i will back any other big project unless is something really particular (actually i wasn't planning on backing anything this period but a true norse myth game is still missing in my collection... damn you cmon :) ) if it was a coop game i may have avoided it (i own too many coop games between legendary, ghost stories and shadow over camelot)
@bradley - the serpent clan is definitely yellow, but you could use the serpent clan figures in the raven clan.
@donn, i'm with you. i'm a completionist bit i only care about the stuff that actually affects the game. i don't care about colored dice or similar things.
so, i guess the colored clan tokens make each clan tied to a specific color. for some reason, i thought the colored bases were removable on the clan warriers and leader, so you could switch them around. make the serpent clan blue or whatever. that's a bummer.
dammit from the phone it's difficult to see when a eb frees up!!
i'm likely just gonna stick with the main pledge. deadzone 2 later this month and the final 12 realms project next month both need my monies.
damn, i wasn't fast enough.
eb available. grab it while it's hot!
@lance - see.  you're a painter.  that's why our definitions of completionist are different.
exclusive addon minis like in zombicide
and just as he said a "true" completionist would want everything... i for one hand would want to at least get every figure available (gameplay and painting reason) i wouldn't care much for the rest... but it seems they don't plan to go the zombicide route so for the moment i'm okay with what i get (both for free and as addon even if a little pricey for my taste)
i'm hoping for very few add ons. i can't afford another big hit to my wallet.
it would be really awesome if the board was made with the stage magician flash paper stuff. then when ragnarok happens in an area it could actually burn up. . . while this might make second playings rather difficult, it would be in keeping with the theme of ragnarok. . . (figured i would drag the awesome word back into discussions. i must be 12 :-d )
there already are exclusive minis. or are you talking just exclusive add-on minis?
a completionist would want every 3d token at least... maybe they would ignore dices and bags if they are not needed... exclusive minis would become tragic for many and i hope they won't go down that route (basically avoid using the zombicide approach)
@lance - huh.  more proof that there are different levels of completionists.  maybe there are gameplay completionists and painter completionists?
i always thought "completionists" wanted everything. gameplay or otherwise. if it exisits for the game, they want it.
for non completionist board gamer the only addon they usually don't care are art books, posters or additional decks of the same card included in the base game
@lance - really?  i only care about gameplay stuff.  i wouldn't touch any of that, but add another monster or god as an add-on and i have to have it.
donn i think those are exactly the kind of addons completionist crave for (in particular if they get the infamous "kick starter exclusive" logo) xd
extras of the minis, of course, but they seem to want to avoid that.  i think it would be neat to have an add-on for each of the armies in their special color so that they don't need the bases.
so, here are some ideas for "non-completionist" add-ons.  how about: - plastic pillage tokens - plastic ragnarok tokens - br-themed cloth bags for tokens - custom die for randomizing ragnarok? can anyone else think of any good non-gameplay add-ons that could pimp the game a bit more without raising the cost of "just the game"?
if this is like other cmon campaign in the end we will have unlocked everything i'm not concerned about it... what i notice though is that we are slowing down a bit but from what i got is normal at mid campaign
if they're going to be the same size as the humanoids, how about this, make their bases some sort of tallish plinths/pedestals. if not i'll just have to add that part myself :p
yishay - thiago said they will be sized like the humans.
there is very little chance i will use the god rules - will the god figures have bases sized like the other minis, so we can use them as replacement models for monsters and warriors? i'd love to have loki lead my clan, even if it just cosmetic.
@popiute - they hinted that if we don't unlock all of them, they will be individual expansions at retail.
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
what happens if some god(s) remain(s) locked? there will be problem in rules no? if there is a add on with gods, kickstarters will have 2 lokis (and other unlocked)? for the moment, i am a bit disappointed by the stretch goals. i don't find a real interest to pledge and waiting retailed version seems a better choice.
@renato - thats what i meant! those languages sound same but you cant understand the other  if you know the other language! and yes it was a bad comparison i should have substituted norwegian for danish! lol!
i   would prefer as monster but since now we have plenty of them i thought that maybe they were plan ed as expansion material more than kickstarter material :)  @alex it seems that part escaped me
foxhoven- ah  i just saw that. sorry!
petros- yeah, i caught that after my post.
foxhoven- his hand is missing if you notice the way the shield is positioned.
whoops! statement retracted. he has a bandaged hand after all.
@lance - there's plenty of actual gods to choose from.  i'd prefer them as monsters.
lance - the loki update said rules will be coming.
man i can't wait for other gods like odin!
why on earth does tyr have two hands? is not the lost of his right hand during the binding of fenrir one of his most defining characteristics. i know they said the sculpt is not finalized, but this seems like a tremendous oversight.
@arto, that was a horrible comparison. i speak both spanish and (american) english. i can go to england and understand everything except for maybe their crazy sayings. i've heard portuguese and i can maybe make out a handful of words.
i was thinking... what if fenrir and nidhogr will be included in the game as gods like tyr and loki? and could it be possible to have  draft rules as how the gods come into play exactly?
@jacob @evermore - it's not like the midriff area has any vital organs.
@efty i like the expansion of gameplay, and the extra figures are nice; i just hope that they break it up with other stuff; for instance another troll to match the number of giants.
i certainly don't mind seeing some skin on some minis but the wife and daughter hate playing the skimpily clad characters.  i think they could get a lot more girls interested in this game with some more female characters.  and come on, the ladies deserve some badass armor too.
@donnbobhardy well, if we're going to be picky, seeing as i'm from england, i speak english english ;)
@evermore i agree. in fact, there was another fella yesterday morning that said the same thing. i imagine that the sculpts we see will probably not cater to that request, but i have the same interest. my wife would probably be more inclined to play, which in turn would give me incentive to pledge more money, frankly.
@donn - yes! ;o)
@renato - or renato vs renata? right? :o)
spanish and portuguese are separate languages.  english and american english are the same language.  they just have a few different spellings.  same as australian english.
because there's a f**cking "h" in it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@arto - you mean british vs english.  :p
@donn - really? well good thing i guess? (that pledge manager thing)
@renata- american vs english is like spanish vs portuguese or swedish vs norwegian! :o) (also this just bit of fun)
@zedsdead are you kidding? i can't wait to see how the rest of the gods look!
i just pledged $1 for no particular reason other than to say 'long live british english'. because, um...go britain ;)
@arto, i don't think you can because they usually have a $1 tier and this time they don't.
@arto - they stopped doing pledge manager for $1 pledges a few kss back.  don't know if it came back or not.
@david - i believe you can only pledge 1$ so you get invite to pledge manager! or just pledge and if/when your card bounces you have 7-10 days to fix your payment! :o)
can we have organisers like these for the 3 clan stats as an add-on: http://e-raptor.pl/mini_organizer_eclipse ?
@evermore, if you want fully clothed, you came to the wrong place
but american is true english, though, right?
i would really love to see an addon with more female characters.   i play boardgames with my wife and daughter and this is going to need some more ladies to get them both to the table.  preferably fully clothed/armored.
they're just dialects people, settle down. it's all english. mexican spanish and spain spanish are pretty different but still just spanish.
it's a little demotivating feeling, knowing what the next 4 stretch goals are going to be.
as a brit living in the us i can confirm they are different langauges ;-)
@donn - yes american is a different language!
british is not a language, neither is american. there's british english and american english.
i won't be able to afford this until two days after it closes. if i pledge for less than a reward, can i make purchases in the pledge manager?
is the gods mechanism going to be one random god per game?
@batei - what are you? a 12 year old? :o)
*that*
american is a separate language?  i always thought that americans spoke english and than people in england spoke british!
hm. this game might be more fun to play with the god cast!
awesome!
@thiago - don t apologise for using english, thats what they teach us here in the old world! not american! only kids use stupid american words like "awesome" ( now i feel dirty)  i would like to blame tv for it but recent studies show that kids dont watch tv anymore so i blame twitter! :o)
@julian - oh, there's plenty of places i'm sure.
how about the marvel female thor and loki as figures :)  that would add some spice to things.
you want marvel sculpts as alts - there's always knight models!  they have loki and thor figures...
@thiago - i thought that as soon as i posted.  makes sense.
@donnbobhardy: that is still to be decided, depending on how the campaign goes.
@donnbobhardy, not at all. i kept looking and loki and thinking to myself, "nah that's not right".
i would really love to see an addon with more female characters.   i play boardgames with my wife and daughter and this is going to need some more ladies to get them both to the table.  preferably fully clothed/armored.
is it bad that i want alt marvel sculpts for the gods?
@thiago: "and please excuse my occasional slips into british spellings, such as "finalise". my english comes from england..." that's not something you need to apologise for! ;-)
@thiago - do you know if the gods will be a single expansion or if each god will be a separate one?
my understanding is that the god sculpts are in line with the size of the human figures.
awesome that you guys have him missing his right hand.
@andres aguilar: the gods are not part of the core box, they will come separately.
how big are these god figures? larger than the regular ones at 32mm?
hey thiago in contrast to trolla nd other mini how big are the gods?
and please excuse my occasional slips into british spellings, such as "finalise". my english comes from england...
am i right on assuming that the gods will all be separate  purchases at retail?  or are they included in the base game.
tyr's ability: all figures except fenrir have strength 0.  :d
sorry, there was a bug with the tyr artwork at first. all should be fixed.
lol. i just noticed the "640k" part in the update. too funny. i agree we should have gotten all the gods for that amount. ;-)
and that is awesome din't notice at first the purposely missing hand... there is hope for fenrir!!!!
pic was updated https://d15chbti7ht62o.cloudfront.net/assets/003/388/326/1b0b4cf52b87f093001ec8f9623b73f2_large.jpg… it pretty clearly sows a stump. :)
there are 6 godes represented on the cards, so likely 6 god figures total: odin: judgment and punishment in and out of battle. thor: glory and spoils for victory in battle. loki: revenge or spoils for defeat in battle. frigga: resources and support. heimdall: foresight and surprises. tyr: great numbers for winning battles.
im pleased with the tyr figure and the card will be a fun twist when it comes up in the game. one question though, i'm in my phone so i cant see the details; does he have a missing hand under that shield? i really hope so because he lost his hand in the mouth of fenrir whiæe trying to get him in chains. its a big part of his appearance so i hope so.
i would assume the different gods will be the next updates. makes somewhat logical sense.
are thor and odin the next in line?
@donnbobhardy - weird, it worked fine for me... oh well, i'm sure they'll... erm... update the update.
we really need a shieldmaiden!! please one more female viking sculpt!
they need another mini addon so we can get thor
@efty - i can't even see it if i download it.  windows says it's corrupt.
wow! we already beat 640k sg?
it's the artwork from the card. you can download it and see it: https://d15chbti7ht62o.cloudfront.net/assets/003/384/932/09d34da02d9227d08f35ba3a8b5f1830_large.jpg…
i cant see the last picture (4th) whats in it?
so, how many gods do we figure will be included? it seems logical the next few stretch goals will unlock all of them, but i am just wondering how high we have to go to unlock the whole lot.
boo!  we unlocked $640k and only got loki?  ;)
i kinda hope at least one of the gods will be a kickstarter exclusive.
donn - ah, missed that, thanks :-)
ehm 640k stretch goal unlocked! typo?  ;)
@alex - it's also not finalized.
against all odds we got the try figure! nice power too!
but whatever, it's free :-)
the lord of battle cometh!
tyr figure seems... average.
tyr!!!
@jeremy: i assure you that is not the case since i'm pledging through paypal and i have only half in it of what i actually pledged (105)
renato - i believe $10k is the pledge limit.
@renato: i always assumed amazon did a "balance check" much like prepaid gas pumps.  if the amount requested is over the limit, then it rejects the "payment" prior to you being charged.
renato: i think creators of project can see the amount pledged by everyone... may be wrong though
i just pledged to support the dwarf concept. looks more like a wagner dwarf than a tolkien dwarf to me. :thumbup:
ether=they are
people playing the sg game made me wonder... what happens if someone pledges a million dollars and then backs out the last day?...
@thiago yes, always takes a while to kill the last stupid troll pledgers, but as i was mentionning earlier, we always get them at the end.
well maybe ether are still coming back from valhalla to initiate another age
ragnaröskcillating?
i think we are looking at the real deal here thiago ;)
@thiago - like zombicide equipment cards?  ugh.
@joe - gotterdämmerung knight
already said: odin sg + thor sg + optional buy for boar clan
regarding donn subtitle suggestion, we'll take it into consideration, but keep in mind that ease of gameplay is paramount. the god cards are huge, so it's easy to add a subtitle there. the other cards are mini-sized, so adding unnecessary text there is probably not a good idea.
thank you gofather punk, for both supporting us and getting us over $340k. ;)
predictions for next sg?
darn oscillation! ><
rooting
total is oscillating a bit too much for my taste. need to wait a bit of a buffer, guys.
@tim - i've been rroting for all of you from the side lines since day 1 :)
@godfather punk: first thank all the others who made it possible for you to get us over $340k. =p
boom!  i also added the 5th player expansion deluxe 2 disc set to my pledge!  +1 for donn bobs idea of norse names....
hail @godfather punk!!
seems the real deal then... wake up thiago!!!
@godfather punk: thank you! :)
boom!
when people alter their pledge, kickstarter actually removes their pledge completely from the total until the pledge is finished.  that is why you see the numbers drop before going back up.
+1 for names on the monster cards.
everybody thank me! my $75 got us loki!
oh!  we're there!
seems we have passed it... or are again troll pledgers?
in the end troll pledgers playing the sg gamer never win. everyhting is under control. nothing can go wrong.
@efty - true, true... but it very much depends on if those gifts are workable at lower player counts! @morten - +1
pledges have come to an alt it seems... probably will unlock in a couple of hours
im all for correct naming & spelling according to the norse names. ex: völur, theres always somebody that that will do the dirty joke ("ill give wood to your sheep" ...), please give us our norse gods & myths with the right names.  btw "blood rage" lowercase just looks good in the logo - i want that logo on a t-shirt \m/
@alex - it's not like you're bound to only use those gifts for 5 player games. don't tell me you never alter game decks :)
and another +1 for the last comment
+1 donn
we've got people playing the sg game.  don't understand it at all.  i guess it makes them feel important?
why the heck is the total dropping? seems like strange timing.
@donnbobhardy - i like the subtitles idea too!
aaaaaaand back to 268
we are 193 short
donnbobhardy - that's an awesome idea. seconded!
@donn - +1 for the subtitle suggestion!
killing troll pledgers now
time to wake up the cmon guy...
i still see $88 short.
@thel i was thinking the same thing. there's no way something like that wouldn't get a laugh everytime... every group of friends had "that guy" you know?
and ding ding ding
@cmon @thiago - so, i know that frost giant and wolfman (and probably most of the others) have a specific norse name. i understand that you are going with more common names in order to make the game more accessible, but i was wondering if it would be possible to include the norse names on the cards as well. for example, the loki card has "the trickster" as a sort of subtitle. could you do the same thing with the norse names of the monsters?
loki minus 420. everything is under control. nothing can go wrong. let's roll this ks.
the add-on is more for miniature collectors than gamers and as i am both, it works for me. =p
i just wish they had made the base game five players from the start. that would have put the cost around $90-95 instead of $105 as it is now.
@ Þráinn gunnlaugur Þorsteinsson - maybe the switch from völva to völur witch is simply an editorial decision...  völva... vulva... i know its immature... but  i know many gamers (under the influence of beer) who would have a good laugh whenever the vulva witch would comes into play...
@arto - not at all a bad thing!! :) @efty - the gifts et al are for 5+ games, and the extra monsters are basically just alt sculpts, so are just aesthetic options (same with the player colour). so, for someone without a 5th (or 6th) player the expansion doesn't add 'game' it only adds 'eye candy'. if i had extra people to play i'd definitely get one, but as i don't it's difficult to justify - however awesome the sculpts are (and they are awesome!).
oh so close!  i'm beside myself with anticipation!
553 more!
@steve - maybe it is because vikings didnt use capital letters? they used runes...
@alex - you also get some extra gift cards and 3 more monsters, along with options for choosing player colour. sure, you won't get the most of it, but it's still useful. now, whether that's worth $30 more, that's up to you. i find it expensive compared to the base game, but that's mainly because the base game is, in my view, much cheaper than it could have been.
still excited though to see what they have to show us!
for those of you interested in the mythology behind the boardgame then you can check out völuspá. it is the first and best known poem of the poetic edda. it tells the story of the creation of the world and its coming end related by a völva addressing odin. text with english translation: (although the original text seems a bit scrambled with the letters) http://www.germanicmythology.com/works/codexregiusvoluspa.html audio of a former high priest of the icelandic Æsir faith fellowship chanting a part of the poem: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
unfortunately for me and many others i think they will put an add on to inflate again the sg counter... probably we will see odin , thor sg and boar clan optional buy with some alternate sculpts for valkyrie and witch
@bruce - can i be the drummer?
i'm guessing odin, preferably with sleipnir.
@alex - are you saying thats abad thing? ;o) (box art)
1k to go - new god, new monster, other?
that's it. i'm starting a metal band called 5th player expansion.
i like the ram clan, but as my gaming group is four at most it's difficult to justify adding it as it's an aesthetic change rather than adding a new play option. oh, and the box art and font looks like a deluxe packaging for a power metal album. just wanted to get that off my chest lol
@michael martell since all clans are the same, you can exchange it ^^
@michael - you can totally swap them in.  all clans are completely equal.
@jon finn, i get that this is a stylized version so they have the freedom to do what they want with the look of a character but if they are bothering to use the names then that should be done right in my opinion.
curious i've backed both the game and the expansion. now for the ram clan can you only play them in a 5 player scenario or can you swap them for another clan in a 4 or less player game?
loving the strategy analysis.  good read.
@Þráinn: and where's her wand?
@tim van der weyden if you play without the expansions it is a total different story. there are at least 9 retail expansions and a huge amount of limited expensions. all bring more and new formes tiles. so the world you are building is way bigger as with only the base game.
@cmon you use capitols letters correctly when writing the games name all over the ks page. any chance you would reconsider your abandonment of them on the main title of the game box? not a fan of the font, but i can live with it. but "blood rage" instead of "blood rage" bugs the heck out of me lol. if it is supposed to be "blood rage" for some artistic or otherwise crazy reason, could you represent the game correctly and start writing the name like that on the ks? ....because so far your tend to use the capitalized version of the name. that said, great ks so far, keep up the good work! . ps: any chance of a less silly game-play video from you or a secondary reviewer of some sort? thank you!
@vincent vda you can see the völur witch on the story page on the left of the fire giant. although i have to say that, being icelandic and the norse mythology being a part of my heritage, it bothers me to see it named völur witch. völur is plural so it should be völva.
looking forward to see the norns, though i have no idea how they would fit. think i saw artwork of them?
that's why i think there won't be a 6 player board... but just an alternative faction with duplicate cards for 5 player (so you can choose between ram or boars)
@thomas; i never played with expansions. my opponents knew most tiles in the game, amount and stuff like that, and if they couldn't score they pretty much knew how to block other players (or help one with not enough points to block one who has the lead). =p
@teowulff  a different board is only needed for 6 player. the board we get is allready made for 5 player.
yes i agree - a double sided board with an alternative map (like one for 5 players) would be great as new stretch goal! :d
@tim van der weyden i think total different as you do but thats ok :-). there is too much randomness between your turn and the next one. specially when you use all the expansions available. i always play with all the tiles but only a few selected rules. but anyhow we need a really big table with all the tiles from all expansion ^^.
@thomas; i don't like carcassone below 4 players. xd honestly, with 3 i feel like there is too much room to do anything, without following a real strategy. it is nice to see all the difference of likes and dislikes of gamers. =)
i will go for the 5 player expention but my brain is telling that this games makes more fun as less players are in the game. more player joining the battle more luck is involved and the tactial aspect is getting less important. i love carcasonne for example. but i never play this game with more than 3 players for those reasons.
may be we should get a bigger board... :-)
even if we do get a double-sided board, i doubt it would have islands. that would run contrary to norse mythology which has all the realms connected to the world tree.
@andres p. s. sounds great but the gaps between each goal will be much bigger :-). more like: 370... new monster 410... odin 450... double sided board with diferent islands 500... lot of cards 550... thor
@eric; thiago said about $30 as well. of course without the plastic tokens and alternate sculpts.
jon - ah yes! how could i forget tyr? thanks :-)
wame as ks from what i got
out of curiosity, any word on the retail price for the 5th player ?
next sg... 370... new monster 400... odin 430... double sided board with diferent islands 460... lot of cards 500... thor i hope they make the insert so we can use it with sleeves cards thank you
... im pretty sure odin is next: https://www.facebook.com/bloodragegame/photos/a.737353909674649.1073741828.639521432791231/783648485045191/… with hugin, mugin & sleipner, ooh my i feel a need to invade england now ;)
yeah well, if the purpose is to make the god variant playable we can hopefully look forward to a whole bunch of them ;-) and that's great, really looking forward to oden!  having said that, i still miss a mini of the giant fenriswolf wrecking havoc at ragnarök... cmon, please :-)
after loke (loki)  can we get freya & her valkyries, we need a little bit of love & war ;)
tyr as well, alex
assuming odin next, followed by thor and frigg seeing as they are the gods featured in the gift cards.
@rob thanks! that's good to hear!
only 5k to loki.. i´m looking forward to see the next stretch goal.. i´m guessing it will be another god. i hope thor... but odin would be cool to... in fact all the norse gods are cool.. who am i kidding :)
if it's like zombicide then the minis will be in plastic trays too, so excellent storage.
wow! the exansion's "alternate sculpt figure of the dark elf, with a "5+" card for age 2" is really sooooo pretty! too bad you can't buy seperate mini's - or i'd order a few of those! ;-)
@morgenstond. thiago has confirmed that the 5th player expansion will come in its own box as shown in the update
@martijn that's a good point. how will all the extra's be packaged? neat boxes, or just loose in a bland cardboard shipping box? some projects do the former, some the latter. i love when they make pretty boxes for the expansion stuff. :)
oh that is way cool.  cheers alex.
vincent - odin is teased so i'm sure there's more to come. derek - art shows clan boar, so 6th player is likely.
hope they do a 6th player, and perhaps a larger 6 player board to support it.  my group is often 6 people so this would make this much more likely to get a start.  of course, if the gameplay wouldn't work well for 6 fair enough. also really hope they do an art book.  adrian smith's designs are just awesome.
curse you cool minis! too tempting not to get.
is loki going to  be a standalone figure or part of a "gods" box that will be revealed sg by sg?
ha de martijn! goeie ks om te backen...
idea for stretch goal: increase the box size so everything (including the expansion) fits in this box!
i understand peter but you can't say that without analyzing everything else... think about ttr: in it there are cards that gets you about 20 point if you complete them... expert player will now that and will surely try to stop you from completing it! here from what i saw maximum points for quests are 7 glory and that is close to how much glory you gain by upgrading your stats to the maximum... so by analyzing play styles and combos we can actually gain knowledge if something is op or not...  let's assume i'm going for a pure quest strategy... after first age other players either stop me from drafting and gaining quest or try to completely erase me from the board (thus thwarting me from completing anything)... after age 2 if other players played correctly i should be either in last place (because i practically wasted time in trying completing quests) or we should be even if i did really well in the first round...  in third age at this point i can try again for a full quest play but other players will have an edge on me in everything because they didn't actually waste time in 2 age and i will be behind on upgrades, rage and so on...
@csontos - i agree that e.g. doubling quest glory at first seems very powerfull. it is hard to judge whether it is balanced when the game isn´t out yet. i put my trust in eric lang and that he has ensured, that the balance is good.
i don't think we got derailed. it shows that quests are not that heavy when the game is played right. =)
my original insight was: quests seems to be too heavy on the glory gain side compared to other options. (so we got a bit derailed with analyzing the players' performance.)
luzifer yes with some cards you actually get points for minis that come back from valhalla
let's analyze the play styles: i'd say the girl actually played the best because she actually changed strategies and pulled a considerable comeback... she was a bit unlucky on some parts but some of the last moves actually did change the flow blue player drafted good cards and thought about long term strategy... the other players let him rode on the "save a mini thing" and "save a card thing" so an actual counter to it should have been to steal from him as much rage as possible or let him actually waste rage into conserving it so he couldn't either complete the quests or continuously hog the space with the frost giant... the red player played just on a whim and did accomplish really nothing (except on two occasions in which he demonstrated ways to thwart over player plans in particular making the loki player win when he did intend to lose.., thus resulting into brown player losing his ace card that combed with his strategy... ) brown player did splendidly on the first age showing how tricky loki is to play... his error was to be too much predictable with that and sticking to an "always lose" plan... if he diversified a bit more or actually tricked the others into thinking he would attack to win or committed to more quests he may have been the victor... last thing to keep in check is that we don't know all the cards present in the various age and we don't know all the possible combinations of cards on top of that now that we are adding the god module that will change things up too!
he wasn't a runaway leader - he got that margin only on the last turn, and only because he drafted and played better than the others. i mean, he got that double points on quests card, and the quest cards, and the monster cards, and those high attack cards - so one of those got to him from the first hand - he picked it up and drafted it, that's luck. the rest he got from the others. also, the loki player had the game and tossed it by winning the battle at yggdrasil one round before that. he sent a ton of warriors there, and he thought he could somehow lose that fight - but with everyone knowhing he wants to lose, and the fire giant standing there, no one wanted to win that fight, so he was forced to win it. instead, he should have left them all at the ragnarok zone, and then he'd have gotten the points from their glorious deaths, and the points from heaving them in valhalla, and that would have given him enough to win, i think. also, they fought over that last zone three times for no reason, and lost tons of warriors on trying to deny him, where they could have gone to other provinces and completed their own quests. those mistakes won the game for blue - it was all skill, no luck.
did i miss a point? do you get glory  for your figures in valhalla?
@csontos péter; ever played carcassone? =) i have had games were a player won with a huge difference, like on the video, while in other games the differences were very small. =)
i'm not questioning the "rightfulness" of the win, just the margin. a vp hunting game should avoid these kind of extreme runaway situations.
i am with lance on this one. the players were all to focused on their strategy and didn't try to look on what others would do. =) this game will become much more interesting when all players get to know the cards and try to read their opponents.
he's "luck" basically was an error from other players leaving him those combinations of cards and knowing he was in the lead... if i would have played against him i wouldn't let him have any quest
considering the draft mechanic i think his victory it's more an error on part of other players sticking to a one way strategy (the loki player in particular) instead of diversifying like him...
lance: that is my problem, he got lucky to get the chance to have those cards on the last round. and that last 2 quests could won the game for him even if he did practically nothing before that.
and with experience i think you can partly thwart the quests attempt
consider though he had double rewards thanks to a combination of cards and monsters!
@csontos péter i've yet to watch the video but i've read the rules and thought along the same lines. i think there may be an easy fix to that - winning additional glory per model sent to vallhalla.
i just watched the video playthrough and my only concern is that the quests, especially when boosted with cards yield a huge amount of victory points. you get 3-4 glory for winning a battle but gain 7-9 just by having a model somewhere on the board. and denying the achievement of a quest is much less straightforward than going for a win during a fight. it looked that quests could swing the game too much when compared with other options to gain glory. like in the video where the winner finished miles ahead of the others. hope this will be taken care of before final production.
@stampede it was mentioned that it is good to play with 2 players. my guess is that it gets more tactical with 2 players.ted
greyskull - you always think it's slowing down, same on the conan project, lol.
i'm not sure about a 6 player expansion. it needs a new gameboard if they do not make the actual one double sided (what would be great).
mentioning a 6 player expansion: is this game actually fun with only 2 players?
a bit of a slow down... it is time for a 6th payer expansion add-on... :-)
@badmojovoodoo done! great artwork! thank you!! ^^
@badmojovoodoo; thanks for the link! will probably buy that book. =) if you have more recommendations or anything, please share. ;) (don't worry, the goal is to learn swedish, buying swedish books helps me to stay motivated. =p got pippi långstrump here. xd )
@jacinto, i love the sculpts as well. much in line with how they are depicted up here in the north. ps check out the art book "nordiska väsen": http://www.egerkrans.com/egerkrans.com/welcome.html
@jorge, i dont think it will be a problem, you can change your address in the pledge mananger.  in the arcadia quest kickstarter i "bought" a pledge from someone, and had it shipped to me.
@badmojovodoo as a dwarf sculptor, drawer and collectioner i love every single dwarven model xd
i'm really expecting cmon to do a project featuring only on miniatures - not that the games are not great i simply think they make really cool minis :)
@loig roumois: i always look at the updates on a running project. but what i don't get is why cmon doesn't add a legend on the top of the page. just a simple list with the different sections would be nice (a href="#stretch-goals") pointing to the part of the page that you would like to see (name="stretch-goals"). stupid ks doesn't let me insert html :p
i have a question, i live in south america, my billing address is obviously here, but, my shipping address is in us (miami). i'm a regular buyer from stores like amazon and ebay, they send my packages to miami, but i've never "bought" something here in kickstarter. my question is if there will be some kind of problem like "billing address is different to shipping address"?. pd: i don't want to receive directly here the package because of the high shipping price (and for some other issues), so i've a contract with some people in miami that receives the package for me an then they "re-send" it to me, and this cost me less money.
the nordic myth dwarves might have hurt feelings though, due to the comments here...
no guarantees about dark elves though ;)
@tristan: i think cmon can guarantee that no elks have been hurt during the production process ;)
0_o
hello! this project looks stunning, so i just backed! i have a few questions though that i could not find the answers to: where and how will the game components be produced? what kind of material are the miniatures made of? are there any efforts to ensure the production is done ethically and sustainably (e.g. is the paper fsc certified etc.)? apologies if this has been discussed already...over 2,000 comments is a lot to get through :/
@i and i: sure, but for new/potential backers, it's great to quickly see what's up instead of scrolling to the very bottom of the page... just my thoughts...
@loig roumois: just look at the updates? those are from new > old :)
@cmon: thanks for the reward overview! awesome! now a small request: could you invert the order of the stretch goals? so that we see the unlocked/upcoming ones on top and the oldest ones at the bottom. thanks for considering
@thiago - any chance of getting another gameplay video up for us to watch?  love jogando and their gameplays but would love to see another group play, maybe the cmon crew with mr lang as per arcadia quest or kaosball gameplay fame.
and you can basically trick the loki player into actually winning when i didn't want to!
that's why there's a draft phase ;)
i was thinking about the cards and what a game would look like with my friends. i am afraid that when i play the game all my friends want to use the loki cards. =p what is better than losing and still winning? xd
if you see the gameplay you can partecipate in battles just with the purpose of thwarting the plan of others making them waste powerful cards and possibly tie with them that results in everyone losing and no gaining (but the one who wanted to win will lose more)
@luzifer you lose figures but you don't lose cards (while the pillaging player does) and your figures will grant you glory from valhalla, am i right?
i ask because the interview with eric. he days it should be netter to be in battle and loose than turteling and doing nothing.
@ thiago question in gameplay what is my advantage in taking part in an battle even if i know i loose?  i will loose my figures to valhalla with out glory. then i have to bring them back to board but only in the next phase.  so what for?
@kelmantor  combining will save you shipping costs. i guess you will pay less than $5 more for shipping by adding a second copy of the game to you pledge.
@aaron - that line should be permaposted above "leave a comment".... ;)
there really needs to be an faq section about how to pledge for expansions...
@cornelius gonzo lindemark after the kickstarter ends there will be a pledge manager where you allocate the money you have pledged.
i just backed this with a 105$ because i want the 5th player expansion. do i get it automatically by backing with the correct amount or do i need to sign up for it somewhere?
thank you for the answers. shipping costs seem reasonable. i was just wondering if it was worth the effort to connect with another backer in copenhagen, combine pledges and possibly save on shipping..
about eu shipping, i paid 17€ i think for my zombicide pledge to belgium. the estimates they give on the main page are pretty correct. plus it's eu friendly, so no additional custom charges. i had to pay 22€ of customs for 4 aq mini's i bought through miniature market. so when it comes to eu shipping costs, it's not something to hold you from backing the game here. besides, the retail prices i've seen for cmon games in europe are quite a bit higher than the cost of the pledge here.
@kelmantor; as far as my memory goes. first you get the pledge manager, add all stuff you have pledged for or want to have. payment is through paypal. then after all is collected and pledge manager is closed shipping fees will be calculated and you will get a message to pay it through paypal. =)
@kelmantor shipping fees for eu customers are very low. cmon does a great job about that "problem". i paid $24.06 for shipping to germany of $975 order for zombicide season 3.
thanks for the answers. anyone think they'll go for a sixth clan, the boars you can see on p9? :-)
@tim van der weyden the $45 are after all fees in my calculation. sure they are "just" alternate sculpt, but many potential buyers just want to have the miniatures and do not even own the game. those people will not have the "regular" sculpt of those exklusive figures.
a few questions regarding shipping: - when are the shipping costs paid? (estimated costs shortly after campaign end or upon actual shipment? and how do they collect the money? - any cmon eu backers have experience in sharing shipping with a friend? - are there significant savings to be had?
@kelmantor good! my group hate unique powers and are always bitching about them in games. better to be able to carve your own destiny and choose your ways. quantum does this right for instance. hyboria offers a choice at least, as tokaido does, but colt express does not.
@thomas: i don't think you will get much more for it. the 5th player expansion will be at retail and the exclusive monsters are just alternative sculpts of monsters you already get in the box. i guess the sculpted player tokens can raise the price a bit, but if you take into account the ebay fees... is it really worth it? =)
@jon, in brief, thiago from cmon previously said that they tested unique clan powers but eric lang desided that the game was better without them.
@badmojovoodoo $30 is not cheap compared to the price of the base game but it is not expansive compared to fith player expansions of other games. go and buy 2 copies and sell one of it at ebay and you will get at least $45 for it. that way your expension will end up with a price of $15.
bit to pricy for the fifth player expansion imo. double it and you almost get another game box. hope to see a reduction, like monolith did on the artist box in conan.
@dieter; double your pledge amount (so eb is $70 for second game, non-eb is $75 for second game). @jon; clans have the same starting point. differences between clans are created by use of the cards. maybe this should be in the f.a.q.'s. i also hope people will read f.a.q.'s. =p
do the clans have different stats on their clan sheets?
@aaron i know. i guess you over read my not ;-) new god miniature incoming soon!
you get 2 game and twice the sgs. every pledge comes with its sgs.
i have a question about multiple pledges. i have a early bird pledge. when i raise my pledge to 140 can i get 2 games with all the stretch goals for both games or will i get 2 games and only the stretch goals for one game?
@benjamin @aaron: i really like the idea of playing until the entire board  been burned up in the fires of ragnarok. however, i suspect that would be pretty unbalanced - with increasingly limited places for warriors, the first player would get all the choice and be far too powerful.
@andres p. s. i would love a new board aswell. @aaron mccormick i think by making a mode where you go through multiple ages in a circle until all lands are destroyed by ragnarok would be pretty fun.
@warmasterojb the gods aren't an exclusive. the update said "please note that this is not an exclusive, as we don't want to introduce a whole new game mechanic that is unavailable to the general public." @andres p. s. i would love another board. sometimes you only want to play an hour game but sometimes you want that marathon.
@warmaster - that guess doesn't seem wild at all. loki was planned as an add-on, we get him as a stretch goal and he will be available as retail later. so you should be 100% right.
@creator... what about a double sided board at 500 k? one with several islands.
@donnbobhardy : i've already pledged for two copies of both the game and the 5th player add-on. i just (selfishly) want more minis. they look so cool.... (,;,,;,)
i make now a wild guess. as loki is not exclusive and a odin spoiler is at facebook the gods might be an addon in retail and we get them as stretchgoals. that would be a great move!
@thiago @cmon - it's been said that you are using the more common (less norse) nomenclature for the various monsters.  would it be possible to put the norse name in parentheses under the current name on the cards?
@matthew - if you want duplicates of all of the miniatures, you probably can't do much better than just getting extra copies of the game.  even if they did sell duplicates, you'd probably end up spending the same or more.
i would totally buy 2 set of additional miniatures if they were offered as an add on. for use in other games of course....
have just added another $35 in preparation for (hopefully!) the boar clan. hope to see loki added before the end of the day here!?
i think most of those who are against optional buys (like me) are mainly against gameplay-related optional buys.  if the buys are for extra miniatures or non-gameplay bling, i have no problems with those and actually support them strongly. if it's gameplay related, i support limited add-ons, but seeing a $75 pledge jump to $300+ (for example) is a little ridiculous, especially if a lot of that is exclusive.
@matt yes, i could understand that cmon would need to take that under consideration. i was more commenting on the half of the backers that do not fully support the idea of optional buys and how i thought it felt different with this particular project. (just my take)
now i fully expect the pillaging to have been successful and the next sg unlocked before i wake up in the morning.
@benjy one thing to think about is that it also comes down to packaging and molds.  right now cmon will do the famous brown box for all of our ks exclusive stuff, but if allow all figures to be optional buys then they have to do individual packaging.  plus depending on the number of figures that can be put in one mold they might have to either make extra of figures that have not been ordered or make extra molds.  don't get me wrong here i would like it if they offered some of the figures individually as it would drive up the $ total but i can see why cmon might not do it.
personally, i would not mind if there were more optional purchases. i think it is a shame that people can't add on extra monster miniatures. they are fantastic sculpts that can be used in many different games and settings - and won't be available later. if people want to buy them, why not sell them, let cmon make more money while unlocking stretch goals for us. i am a completionist myself, but i wouldn't feel the need to buy additional monsters since i would only want onesie the game. just my opinion, but i understand the opposing viewpoint.
just got off a very long work day and checked the updates. i see the add ons have begun. oh my poor bank account.
just my two cents, i would be happy to have an add-on specific to certain games. as it's been said before, no need to get something you don't want/need. i would totally go for a rum and bones, but don't think the style would fit for each game. r&b is more of a characteristic type versus realism of blood rage. not bad either way, but very different. conan on the other hand, fits very well. again, just my two cents. not looking to generate aggressive-suggesting...
renato - i see a sleipnir on that throne. odin riding sleipnir would be amazing.
@renato, nice! that would fit in with my observation ;)
i would like an add-on for additional figures for each clan, for those really big games, or just two clan games.
did anyone see that kickass spoiler on the blood rage facebook page they posted about 2 hours ago!?
looking at the expansion i do believe the bearded fellow on the right, with the crow is supposed to be odin. missing eye, crow... just my thoughts.
@bruce hansen: you are absolutey right. of course the first design instinct was "different clans, different powers!". but thorugh the development process, eric came to be absolutely sure the game was better without specific clan powers, and just letting the gods gifts cards dictate the strategies.
@john yeah i'm sure there's ways of keeping it evenish, but it feels to me like it's just an un-needed element.  not that i'm a pro game designer by any stretch of the imagination but in my experience, elements that can be removed should be. im sure they tried and playtested something like this and it's probably not in the final cut of the game for a reason
@renato: there is 6 aesthetically different clans on the 5 player expansion (guy behind the raven clan warrior) so we should hopefully have 6. @bruce: sure having a clan have a perk of some kind would cause issues for balance but if they add a clan "perk" deck that each player has to draw from that would keep the game fresh. and the perks could be simple like "you get +1 glory for completing x,y,z; or you get plus x to pillaging after completing x,y,z" you draw 1 every age and gives you incentive to get the perk. and tweks strategy to capitalize on it. if you chose to play with them at least.
also - clan abilities would inherently make clan tactics guessable.  with hidden gift of the gods cards, tactics are hidden because you dont know what each player is better suited for unless and until they reveal it.  and even then, they can change tactics between ages.  a set clan ability or advantage screws with that a bit
@aaron my only issue with that is that one clan will inevitably become the "op" clan, or one will become the "avoid" clan, even if it's by just a little.  no clan skills guarantees a level playing field from the get-go.
@aaron there would be a balance concern, but i agree with you. something minor to set the clans apart, even as optional rules, would be cool.
i'm kind of hoping that there ends up being an in-game difference between clans, something more than just different sculpts. it could be a starting difference or maybe specific cards that only a certain clan gets. something different.
i kinda hope they add one or two more clans as add-ons just to add some variety. i'd like to have a 5th player component but i'm just not feeling the ram clan.
i believe that thiago was listening to man-o-war, gods of war album if his comments are any indication :)
@richard having an add-on is a fairly common practice for a boardgame with minis campaign.  i think cmon showed us this as an add-on so early because backers in the comments section (myself included) were asking for it.
@richard would you rather pay 105 for a 5 player game or 75 for a 4 player game with the option to add a player if you choose?
@richard because i was all-in when this was 4 player lol. not that i even expect to play any 5 player games (or many, rather) but i'm in for a) green clan (favorite color) b) alternate sculpts and c) those few times i woulda wished i bought the 5 player expansion haha
the gods sound a bit like the agents of the shadow master in smog.  love having a random aspect that keeps the game fresh...
daaaaaaamn! i would love a couple of sets of those glory markers to use in other games! any way that can be offered as an addon?  they're stackable!!!
so we have to throw in more money so we can have up to five players? and this is offered after the initial pledge, does anyone else have a problem with this?
the allfathers (odins) throne,with huginn & muninn
raven throne? did i miss something?
loki looks nice, but i am more curious about the throne with the ravens on it...
is that a carcassonne cross over i smell thiago? ragnarök tiles? at the least we have a sweet victory track :).
@stickywicket: yes, i have played numerous sessions with 5 players and it works very well.
totally a-symmetrical stickywicket, should play 5 just fine.
is this game going to be balanced at 5 players?
the moment the fire giant gets outclassed id destroy every other giants on the field "so you wanna take over me??? nope self destruct activated!"
now that's real viking farming!
and then i play a frost farmer giant and claim the same field... i like it!
@zach - just set down the fire giant..."no...this is my farm now."
taking bets now, will we (cmon rather) get the final pieces of z3 from the docks by the time this project closes?
i don't mind the +50 / +100 scoring tokens for carcassonne, good place to store your meeples..err...followers. hey, with blood rage you can have a whole new set of "followers" to play carcassonne with. clan it up!
@bruce - it makes we want to get several scoring tracks and just lay them side by side.
@bradley oh man. carcassonne is one of favorite games to play but absolute least favorite to tally score in
@james mathias: yes, it does.
@thiago - like carcassonne! we just got into the game (hey, leave us alone) and after the initial learning game. it's really annoying trying to remember is this is your first, second or third time around their little 50 point board.
does the 5th player add on come with a green glory marker for the ram clan to mark their glory in style as well?
@john: *shakes magic 8-ball* "cannot predict now"
@thiago well your magic 8-ball just had me drop two video games i had pre-ordered from collector's to regular editions in anticipation.  i can almost hear the hooves of the boars now...
@efty: thanks. i hate whan the game doesn't offer an easy way to mark whether a player is taking a second turn on the victory track.
thiago aranha - cmon that negative skull sounds awesome! :d
@thiago: can i just ask if we are going to see an vikings that are legendary? like ragnar lodbrok, harald hardrada, sweyn forkbeard or bjorn ironside? just want to know how many raids i have to go on to see your versions of these guys.
what? i said nothing. i was just playing with my magic 8-ball.
@thiago for reals? oh man. oohhhh mannnn that's super awesome.
@steven ford: *shakes magic 8-ball* "don't count on it"
of course, i'm fairly sure only this first of the 'gods of asgard' supplements will be a stretch goal, rather than an add-on... get ready for the timeless kickstarter 'incentive' tactic.
for thee we wait at asgard's gates, come join us by our side. valhalla waits so choose thy fate, for all of us must die!
lo there do i see met father. lo there do i see my mother and my sisters and my brothers...
@david cox: that's the spirit! fight and die, let valkyries fly, for they shall take thee home!
oh well, as they are being so nice and making god mode a sg instead of an add on, i have pledged the $30 now for the expansion.  i will go viking if needs be and raid the strange lands that surround me.  if i build a dragonship i can avoid the tolls on the severn crossing too.
@bradley bellamy: oh, i fully agree! it wasn't my call...
this is just such an exciting looking game :) love the theme and the stretch goals. very few games have given this theme proper attention and quality mechanics, love the concern with typical conquest game problems such as the kingmaker effect or being double teamed or effectively eliminated. great job!
i think the sure god miniatures will be thor, odin, heimdall, balder and freja if we are going by the cards contained in the game...
@thiago - no lemmy is a mistake in my opinion.
@aaron - look in the story area of the ks at the very bottom. they are guessing around $10 shipping in usa, but with more stuff added, the higher postage will be and they will invoice us actual shipping afterwards.
@efty: the glory markers are double sided, and on the other side the skull is "negative", so you can flip the marker if somebody goes past 100 points and you'll know he's on his second go-around the glory track.
@aaron - no.
now i'm sad, because i want baldur, thor, heimdall, freyja, etc., but i also still want sleipnir, nidhoggr, and fenris.  can we possibly get them all?
@renato lule: vishnu and lemmy.
does this ship free in the us?
as cool as loki and the new game mode are... i have to say i love the glory markers. they're double sided, aren't they? :d
okay, loki is awesome. really like that goal. hopefully we'll be able to unlock all the gods before this is all said and done.
@thiago, ok i'll try again. which gods aren't in the gods of asgard mode?
cmon ---- you folks need to be on the saga mini band wagon.......these are awesome. i really doubt they get much oard time........but man will they get tabletop skirmish time.....as vikings too also can i bride ya for another mountain giant....
@ander: *shakes magic 8-ball* "reply hazy try again"
was reading... and dare i say best update yet!
anybody else into wardruna? kind of a traditional norse group. pretty awesome.
@thiago how many gods are in the gods of asgard rules?
brother to thor and odin god of war loki god of fire reigns for evermore!
6 gods take us to $500,000 in stretch goals.
@lance, it's live now!
@josh platten: that is correct.
he's probably writing it and finishing to post images... 10/15 minutes and should be live the next update
amon amarth is awesome. i used to be in a viking metal band called "mjölner". spelled incorrectly on purpose.
just to confirm so loki will not be in the retail box but will be available for purchase to the public as a separate add on later is that correct?
@renato lule: hehe, i was in a trickster mood.
@everyone who wants to add funds when the pledge manager goes live. just do it now... it allows us to reach bigger stretch goals. you're literally limiting what we get to by doing that. though i understand some may not have all the cash to plop down by the end of the campaign.
@john - the "pledge manager" is kind of a shopping cart/checkout type thing. cmon will send you the link to it. once you log in you can confirm what items you'd like to spend your over pledged money on and even add some more money incase there were things you didn't think you could afford or didn't want at the time.
@thiago, that was very sneaky of you to say you had some "tricks" up your sleeve. good update and stretch goal, let's keep them coming!
@michael martell; amon amarth, wanted to name them too. =p
@john, during the pledge manager (usually around two months after the campaign) you get to choose where your money goes.
if you want heavy viking music check out amon amarth! awesome viking metal band.
god mode. i can dig it. this means many more godly stretch goals??
@john webb: just add the funds necessary now. then after the campaign is over we'll send you a pledge manager where you'll be able to select what you want your money to be spent on.
@john you'll specify when they release the pledge manager.
thanks guys! but if more add ons appear how will they know which item to send? (this is my first kickstarter backing)
@miles m kantir: you will be able to add more funds to your pledge when the pledge manager goes alive after the end of the campaign.
@miles, you can add in during the pledge manager.
has cmon confirmed that we can add add-ons in the pledge manager after the ks is over, or do we have to put them into our pledge during the ks period?
wizard and manowar are very much of a type. you may enjoy checking out their album "thor".
you can also buy the expansion with the pledge manager. if you are like me a tad bit tight for cash, this is perfect.
for anyone wanting viking themed music, immigrant song by led zep or i can recommend the hammerheart album by bathory.
@john webb - just manage your pledge, add the extra $30 to your total pledge amount, click confirm, and you are done.
@john - click on "manage pledge" increase the amount by $30. so $75 becomes $105. and then click confirm.
how do you select the optional extra item?
@kevin: no, haven't really listened to wizard.
@hywel - you're a viking now! pillage food from your neighbor.
@hywel - thiago has said that it'll be "very add-on light" so not many optional add-ons to buy.
i too, enjoy the manowar references. are you also a listener of wizard?
just upped my pledge for the ram clan, see the next stretch goal is reached... is this gonna go all conan and get way out of hand? cos i need money to eat, guys!!
skol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@tim van der weyden: i've had manowar in my head non-stop since i started working on this project!
the mountain giant wakes from his slumber!
@thiago; now i got manowar in my head...
skol!
awesome....................... the giant lives
and we got it!
@ruud the green color by itself is worth it. i just cannot enjoy a game with no green pieces....
for eternal glory!
boom
less than $200.... closer... and closer....and...
down from the sky, into the fight. hearts full of rage, full of thunder and glory!
backed the 5th player expansion. not sure if it's worth it.. always felt chaos it old world played better with 4 than 5.
raise your meads and rejoice fellow vikings! odin is going to have a vision into the future!
perhaps a hint of things to come.
less than $500... lets do this!
@thiago, dragon you say? o_o
yes, good pillaging and raiding make for good happy vikings.
glory harvest! now that's surely a dragon ship!
it's a sign from the gods.  the ship carrying the first european container of zombicide s3 orders has crossed paths with a ship called the glory harvest. slippery slope you say?
@renato lule: hey, nothing wrong with a good pillaging now and again.
like a good viking, many foals have been stretched.
@ub3r_n3rd: then perhaps the gods will favour you with a juicy treat.
@thiago, come on, no vikings are "good"! we pillage things!
@thiago - bwahahahahhahahaha! i've been raiding and pillaging like a good viking. skol!!!!
oh c'mon this is killing me! need to leave for work but i want to see the new stretch goal!
@michael, kickstarter is both the best and worst thing to happen to you.
@ub3r_n3rd: if you've been a good viking, maybe.
probably already been asked, but will i be able to pledge say $1 and get access to the pledge manager so i could buy some more stuff? :o
thiago = loki ?
@thiago - this isn't halloween, but do you have any treats up there too?
@dan it certainly is a slippery one
@dan - precisely!
oh, i've got a trick or two up my sleeve already!
@michael: be careful, it's a slippery slope...
lol this is my first ks and i keeping checking to see what sg get unlocked. i'm like a kid in a candy store. hahaha
yeah, ready or not, here we come!
@thiago, you better start getting those new stretch goals ready! ;)
@kevin schnell: the color bases on the vikings are just to help identify them. they're not supposed to be swapped around (although it opens the possibility of reconfiguring your clan). the bases for the monsters are important to know who controls that monster in this game. and that will change from session to session.
any word yet on pledge manager timeline? will the limited add-ons mean it'll show up sooner or will it be several months?
i backed zombicide season 3 and loved the campaign. i'm eagerly awaiting my massive box of goodies. cmon for the win :)
1261 more and we reach the sg! curious of what's next!
ah my bad. sorry, it can sometimes be tough to keep up with the conversation while doing all the work behind the scenes.
speaking of this project. am i the only one who keeps going back to check out the fire giant? that thing is sweet.
does anyone know the point of the colored discs for the rims of the bases?  could you just decide and paint each faction one color, or is there a reason they are swappable (besides just cosmetics of picking your color)?  arcadia quest had similar ones, and they scraped all the paint off the sides of the minis because they were way too tight if you painted them, so i ended up having to magnetize the bases per a great article on boardgamegeek.com (since you definitely needed to swap around bases based on the heroes you chose).  i'm just curious if i'll have to do that again or if i could just assign a color to a side and be done with it.  thanks!
the others 7 sins will problably be coming in june or july. in the guillotine games facebook page they've commented to a person asking for the dates and they said: "we thing june or july. the others is a a time consuming project! and we want to offer the best" i remember the comment from the misspelling of the word "think" =p
yeah, maybe we should stop talking about other projects. xd
@thiago it's cool i was talking about the ghostbusters campaign which automatically added the shipping as soon as i pledged, which turned out to be $45.
@thiago aranha  joe was talking about ghostbusters and not blood rage ;-).
@elijah - i really don't have any strong feelings toward the first player token. good or bad. it's just....there.
@joe brown: the shipping cost you pay for will be calculated based precisely on your individual package's size and weight. the prices are not set. what's on the main page is just a rough example of what a generic package might cost.
@andres mainly with the stretch goals being so large early on in the campaign and also i live in the uk and i'm looking at $45 shipping which for a package of the size i'll be getting its way overpriced. they should base the shipping on the size and weight of what you pledge for not have set prices. i love ghostbusters and i'm still backing the campaign i suit feel mistakes have been made.
does anyone else feel like the first player token isn't that cool?
luckily myth, curbed my ks habit right at the beginning. taught me to be choosy with my pledges.
@joe what do you think was bad about it
personally i think ghostbusters has been a really bad campaign. cmon know how to do a kickstarter right.
thanks renato
@joe; i still need to bleed for conan. =p didn't pledge for the add ons (i pledge for too many games...) and the € is dropping a bit more each week. =p i am still thinking about dropping gb though. it is hard to make decisions. xd
i'm still hurting from conan, now i've got ghostbusters and blood rage. i need a kickstarter breather lol
thanks guys. at least i'll have some time before its out :)
they better not release the others to soon ;)  conan and now epic viking stuff damn
@joe - their facebook page just says estimated q2 for their kickstarter. and yes, it will be kickstarter.
@joe; june or july on kickstarter. they are still busy with the rules. =)
@renato - i'm with you now. i remembered hearing about the others a long time ago, but had completely forgotten until it was mentioned again just now. now, i'm gonna have to get that one too.
does anyone know when the others 7 sins is out? and when, assuming there is one the kickstarter will start?
wooo... less than $3k to unlock!!
stretch goals bring in more money and improve the project. count me in and keep them coming guys.
since all factions have all the same stats and play the same, i will pass on the 5th player expansion.
ah never mind, just found the answer lower in the comments.
@thiago aranha - cmon while nice that the expansion has it's own box with cool art, will the components fit in the regular box? would make taking the game to game night much easier...
hey, i'm happy about it but i know my wallet won't be =p
i am not sorry renato, not at all. ;)
@adrian, same with different minis
i hate you guys! i just checked out the others and it looks too good to pass up. looks like i'm saying bye to more money. will that be cmon as well?
looking at the 5th player add-on, is each faction unique (abilities, stats etc.) or are all the clans the exact same with different minis?
@rob griffiths: yes, it will have its own box as shown in the update.
@thiago. will the 5th player expansion come in its own box?
curse loki and his tricks.  i just checked my budgeting for next month and have more leeway there than i expected.  so i can't add any extras now due to other commitments but extra goodies will find there way into my pledge manager later.  let's not even mention the others, oh you all ready did!
i ended up dropping angry neighbors in the z3 campaign. grabbed all the exclusive survivors and resolved to just getting an from my flgs.
nice that the others is mentioned. through that came i got to know about blood rage. =d then i told my credit card it would be used for both games. =)
i'm trying not to be an "all-in" guy, but sometimes it's too hard to resist awesome.
@jimmy - there are apparently varying degrees of completionism.  z3 finally got me to back down on it and i was able to just get some add-ons but i'm usually an all-in guy.
no problem :)
thanks ub3r_n3rd!
@edson tirelli - it's pvc plastic, the same stuff that is being used in monolith's conan, produced by dust studio.
@brian - i am totally aware of the completionist disorder. i have it myself. i have 40,000 comics because of it. i spent over $500 on cthulhu wars because of it. i did get in on rum & bones and spent about $300. but with conan, i only went for about $200 when it could have been about $500 easy. why? because i like the idea but don't know if i will like the game enough or play it enough to throw 300 more at it. if you ask anyone who knows me, i have a completely mental "collector" disorder. but if i like something i am not going to avoid it because i can't get it all. odds are i will never have a detective comics 27 (first appearance of batman) but that doesn't stop me from wanting to keep filling in the series. . . i just don't understand coming here and pledging because you like the game and then leaving because of an add on. it seems to me that doing that indicates not really being sold on the game itself. (i mean this in general, not calling anyone out in any way.)
i have another question: will the mini's come in tow different colors, for the monsters and clansmen, as shown in the pictures, or will they all come in the same uniform grey, as seen in the video? also, in the video it appears that the clan bases are attached, is that true for the game we are buying as well?
sorry if i missed, but did cmon clarified what kind of plastic will they use for the minis?
@soulchief: i have to!  i looked up the others and didn't care for the art style.  i'm not a big fan of the demons/spawn type of art. @brian: yeah, the only reason i went all in for that game was for nostalgia.  i don't even know if it will hit the table.  this game, however, should hit the table quite often.  it seems to be a mix of 7 wonders and smallworld with a better spin.  can't wait to play it.
the others is also mcvey and it guillotine games.
https://www.facebook.com/pages/the-others-7-sins/1478864392330945
@jeremy - you could probably buy this one @ gencon.
the others?
@jeremy don't do it, the others is coming soon to kickstarter!
@jeremy bedwell i was on conan from the first minute of the campaign. when i saw the direction is started going in i had to drop my pledge. way too many ks exclusives and add-ons for my taste. i am sure the game will be good, but my group doesn't love that style of game anyway, and i am not a miniatures painter, so it wasn't worth it for me.
i think i am going to have to deactivate my kickstarter account after this one.  a few more add-ons and i am cashed out!  i need to save money for gencon and these awesome kickstarters are not helping that task!
@yishay - yes you can add later.
looking forward to seeing what's next.  especially if it's true that thiago said there were no more token upgrades coming.
lol. i emailed cmon to confirm i could pick up a 2nd eb pledge at the eb price....and i got a canned response about shipping estimates :)
@brian - exactly.  i was in it for awhile, but it quickly passed what i was willing to spend, so i dropped it.  it's not like i have a shortage of games.
@brian romano: don't look at conan then.  that project was over 500$ for an all in.  my wallet is still reeling from that.
question! will i be able to add the add-ons later, on the pledge manager? i think i'll need to mitigate this hit to my back account and spread the costs around.
a bit over $5k to go for that next sg!
@donn - no don't....cool shiny stuff. might as well drop another $30 for the next one.
@jimmyz are you really not aware of the collector/completist mentality that many boardgamers have? i am like lance to a large degree. even if things are not "essential", if i don't get all add-ons then i feel like my game is incomplete. we know it's not really rational, but it's the way we are. i wasn't even aware of rum & bones, but i took a look at it because people kept mentioning it, and holy cow would i have run the other way. that is the exact opposite of the type of project i want to back.
@sergio - yep.
careful.  you're getting awfully close to getting me to drop my expansion.
how do i get the optional purchase? just adding the 30$ to my pledge?
@steven; i was way too lazy to type something like that, so thank you. ;)
@steven - totally agree with you on that.
at the moment i don't really see much differentiation between the clans in gameplay terms so it's quite a simple choice really: if you want to play with 5 players and / or want the extra minis you have to decide if it's worth $30 to you. if neither thing interests you then there's no need to purchase and really no need to feel you're missing out. an extra clan brings nothing to the table in terms of gameplay, as far as i can see. i honestly don't feel like the base game is incomplete without the add-on. it does feel like a genuine optional to me (not always the case with kickstarters).
i think the dragon definitely will be available for age 3, fenrir will be a age 2 monster and probably either and eagle or the boar that one of the deity rides is age 1
@jeff - those are already in plastic.
i would be ok if they wanted to put a dragon in all 3 ages.  maybe even 2!
will there be upgraded tokens for the score (glory) markers?
dragon is coming ;) maybe not today but it will emerge
problem is that it feels incomplete without the add ons... and i'm fine in upping my pledge a bit for a couple of little add ons... but since i'm not living in america if the pledge raises too much i'm forced to bail out because either i get an incomplete product that i will never be able to complete or i have to spend a fortune... rum & bones while an interesting game had this exact problem that quickly forced you to either spend hundreds of money to get the complete package or you would be get a fun but limited product... for a board gamer that last thing is unacceptable, for a simple mini collector i guess is fine...
@ub3r_n3rd. that sounds close to my thoughts during zombicide 1. lots of minis to practice painting. who knew the game would be so damn fun?
i plan on upping for a 6th one as well, though will probably only play this with 4 players. i just like having options in clan selection.
@lance - i am curious why the add-ons make you want to drop completely? if you like the game at the 4 player core, why not stay to the end and just ignore the expansions? all the sg so far have enhanced the core game. i don't think they are going to do anything in the sg that deviates from this. and it does sound like the plan for this kickstarter is to have minimal add-ons. so maybe the only add-ons will be 5th player and 6th player.
regardless, for me, if they do a 6th clan with ks exclusive miniatures, i will up my pledge for it. i'm more into it for the awesome miniatures and the game is a distant secondary concern to me. i know i'm one of the odd ones here as most of you like to game rather than paint/collect miniatures.
think about it with 4 player you start with 1 already destroyed space... 5 players all board is approachable... 6 player then? either there is a double board or i can't see how you can fit 6 player
how about organisers for the 3 clan stats like these as an add-on:                                            http://e-raptor.pl/mini_organizer_eclipse (it would mean beefing up the bases on the clan tokens to the thickness of the plastic)
@brian that is exactly what i'm concerned most...
@brian - clans are purely aesthetic at this point. playstyle is determined by the card you draft.
or 6th clan to choose from even if 5 player game would be cool too
@donnbobhardy: can't really tell yet. we'll try our best to make it all fit, but can't promise.
i'm saying 6th clan for a 6th player expansion based off artwork.
@thiago - will the 5th player and all of the sgs fit in the box?
having a sixth clan, but only keeping the game five players, doesn't make sense to me. it would just feel like bleeding collector/completist gamers, because you know they have to have everything. unless each clan has a special power that i am unaware of? that would at least give a reason for another clan, to add more variety fo the gameplay. if it's purely to sell extra minis, then i don't agree with it.
ahh, didn't notice that just saw the horse and thought different figure. thanks for clearing htat up thiago!
@thiago so instead of spending $300 on add-ons, there will only be $150 worth of add-ons this time? :p
well 3 add-ons @ $30 each is still turning a $75 pledge into a $165 pledge.
über nerd: yeah it's likely there will be a boar clan as sixth faction (but still only 5 player)  and the horse riding woman easily can be an alternate sculpt for a valkyrie
about the lady riding a horse, that's the valkyrie that's already in the core box (minus horse).
@bradley - light in number
"light" in number or in price?
don't worry, lance. this ks will be very add-on light.
look at their artwork here: https://scontent.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/t31.0-8/885528_737353386341368_7187323700296643995_o.jpg i'd be willing to bet that the second one from the right going towards the middle is "boar clan" and the sixth and final clan for the game which will be another expansion if we get high enough in pledges. also, look at this art: https://scontent.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/10995935_781577765252263_4263083627564512656_n.jpg… a female on a horse, looks awesome, i bet she'll show up at some point too!
don't get me wrong the ram clan minis are cool can't deny it and i'm happy to have the possibility of having a 5th player... my concern is for another aspect and that is i'm afraid they will start putting various "5th player faction" with different clans... i hope i'm wrong in this regard
for those thinking we're getting ragnarok tokens as an sg, i believe cmon said the first player token was the last token upgrade.
i cooled down a bit... i still think that this campaign is taking a wrong turn but i won't deny that the add on helped dramatically into reaching the sg... still i hope there won't be a "rum & bones approach" with several expansions and different factions that would force me to abandon the kickstarter like it happened for rum & bones
oooo! gods/goddesses minis would rock!
i don't really like  the dawf mini, but it's ok maybe we can have wonderful minis of the god even if they don't enter in game by themselves (we could put the mini on the clan roster) :d
a fire drake would be pretty sweet imo.
doh! uh......pay no attention the man behind the curtain.
@bradley - the 1st 3 sg were each for different ages.  then the wolfman, troll sg, and giant sg are also for the 3 different ages.
isn't the dark elf also age ii. so don't we have 1 for ages i and iii and 2 for age ii?
@crstphr2 - we actually also already have a 2: the wolfman.  so, we currently have an equal number for the 3 ages.
@tanya - tracking skills and rage.  we already have these tokens for the other 4 clans.
my prediction is an age 2 monster since we have a 1 and a 3.
hmm.  i do believe that the ram clan is my favorite so far.  the alternate sculpt of the wolf clan is a close second.  had one of the raven clan guys been holding a sword like in that preview picture that was floating around, they would have taken the cake!
@donn i started looking into the connections between ff and norse mythology when i noticed the midgar zolom in ff7.
so sculpted ram tokens what are they used for?
@brian - they have suggested that to be the case.
ooohhh. . . hopefully we get enough giants that we can play a giant clan. . . nah, that probably wouldn't work.
more monsters would be cool, although i don't know how many they can add without affecting game balance. you don't want half the cards to be monsters. unless they add a rule where you pick x monsters before the game and remove the cards for the others?
i just upped my pledge $60 for two copies of the expansion. come on mountain giant !
cmon should pull out the next stretch goals before they go to sleep
it's interesting.  i never realized how many final fantasy eidolons/espers/etc were norse.
we need a dragon......
that's my guess, but i'm hoping for nidhoggr.
i hope donn is right! =d
plastic ragnarok tokens and sleipnir.
this happens every time :). just take my money. take it! :d
looks like we will hit the 310k sg in a few hours, what's people predictions on the next couple?
@cmon, you might consider renaming that add-on as a "5th clan expansion" that allows up to 5 players or something as it seems to be confusing some people. i also think more people would buy into it if they realize its just another clan with different minis that could replace any of the other clans for a 2-5 player game for more variety.
i hope jason knows how to add it now. :)
ahhh, reading the entire page would have helped.  thanks for the quick replies all!
@ub3r - that's what happens. i keep asking myself why i bother responding, someone is going to answer them. usually several someones.
rofl, we all typed that at the same time.
@jason brown - just increase your dollar amount to add the $30 and when the pledge manager opens you add it there.
@jason - just add it to your total under "manage" so if you are in early bird, make your total $100, if not eb, then you are $105. click confirm and you are done.
@justin - because there are ks exclusives in it to make up the difference. @jason - just raise the amount for now.  specifics will be taken care of after the campaign.
@jason - just add the $30 to your total. $75 becomes $105.
@justin - we are getting a bunch of free kickstarter exclusives to entice you rather than a steep discount. pretty dang cool, i think.
i tried to add the expansion, but i don't see the option under the "manage my pledge" tab.  anyone?
how come we are not getting a discount off retail for the expansion?
@david - totally agree with you there. those extras are awesome.
the three alternate monster sculpts and the 4 sculpted clan tokens in the expansion ae ks exclusive. the expansion is not. for me the extra figures make it worth getting now instead of retail.
what are the chances we get some pics of everything next to a ruler? just so we can see how big everything is?
oh lol cuz the picture of the box said kickstarter exclusive... maybe i should read and not rely on pictures lmao... jk
@dead_sync no, the 3 sculpts are kickstarter exclusive. the box itself will be on retail later
@thiago thank you! @dead_sync only the three monsters are ks exclusive ;)
@dead_sync - the expansion is not exclusive. the extra dwarf, elf and hel minis down at the bottom and the sculpted clan tokens are exclusive.
@donnbobhardy: yes, mystic troll is about the same size as the troll, and mountain giant is about the same size as the fire giant.
@dead_sync: no it's not.  they said so in the update. also, @donnbobhardy:  - frost giant: 87mm  - fire giant: 93mm guessing somewhere in that range.
@alex i don't think i'll buy the expansion. i already bought a game for 5 or more players this year (conan) and i was really looking for a four or less players here... i already own games that let your play with 5 players and its cool but i rarely get 5 players... i guess this expansion really varies between each type of group you have to play with. for me, it's fine with 4 players
@jacinto - the expansion is kickstarter exclusive might not be out on retail...
@dead_sync - cool!
@donnbobhardy: yes, and it's generally more trouble than it's worth. @jacinto: retail price is estimated to be $30 as well.
step a way for a little over an hour and what do i get!  an expansion, lots of comments, and almost a giant.
@ub3r_n3rd - ill definitely check it out
@donnbobhardy: i think they have the actual sizes in the faq.  not sure if the giant is listed or not.
@donnbobhardy - giant-sized! j/k - i'm assuming around 75-80mm in height.
@donn - maybe that's what made them decide it's too expensive and too much a hassle.
i'm assuming the new troll is similar in size to the old one.  how big do we reckon the giant is?
@thiago i asked before, but it looks like it has been swamped xd how much will the expansion be on retail? thank you!
http://forum.reapermini.com/
@dead_sync - i'm a very active member of the reaper miniatures forum, very cool community. come on over there and talk with us, very helpful and friendly. all kinds of painters from beginners to pros there too.
game is now basically a $100 pledge game...who will not buy the 5th player expansion?
looks like we'll unlock that amazing giant pretty quickly.
@thiago - didn't they have the option in aq?
i am not good at painting... and hard to find miniature painters around where i live. so any help i can get would be greatful lol
having painted models is generally prohibitively expensive even as an optional buy, much less as a stretch goal.
i also wouldn't pay to have it all painted up professionally, but that's because i enjoy painting and much rather do it myself.
having recently gotten into the mini game world and with about 300 on hand now and 400 coming soon (yikes) i figure i need to start learning how to paint these puppies now.
yep, i'm a painter as well. that's the main reason i'm backing this, the sculpts are beautiful and i want to paint them myself. no need for crappy pre-painted stuff in my house.
in opposition i would rather not have painted models... i prefer painting myself.
@dead_sync - more likely an add-on.
@coolminiornot - as an huge stretch goal could we have professionally painted miniatures?... asking to much i suppose.
@donn - from all the comments requesting a minis only add-on/pledge option, it certainly seems like you wouldn't have much trouble finding a buyer.
@donn - i would think selling them would be easy. plenty here have already expressed interest in buying more.
@cmon i don't if it has been asked before, if so, sorry ^^u how much will this expansion be on retail? thank you!
alright.  i added my $30.  maybe i can sell the extraneous monsters later.
yeah. i see the markers now. i was too keyed in on the stacking pieces they used in the video. my bad. . .
@jimmyz johnston, if you look closely at the gameboard on the story page you can see skull (glory) tokens similar to the green one you talked about at the start of the glory track. in the gameplay video they probably used something else because the tokens weren't ready or some other reason.
@cmon - thanks!  that makes sense.
@ jimmyz johnston: the original description of the game contents list "4 plastic glory markers."  at this point, their picture of the game contents do not physically show the markers, though cmon mentioned they will try and include them in an update of the game pieces.
matching the art is for squares. :)  i like the other suggestions so far!
not enough cats thats all im saying
@donnbobhardy: no, that's not a typo. in a normal draft, all players get 8 cards, draft, and discard the last two, ending up with 6 cards. if you choose not to draft, you should keep all 8 initial cards, so there's less risk of your hand being too unbalanced.
@donn - i see them now looking at the game board. very tiny in the top left corner. . . my mistake was thinking the ones in the video were the current ones. so i agree with the comment by cmon that they have not been showcased prior.
the 6th clan will be boar to match the art.
rabbit clan ...?
@donn; doesn't seem to be a typo, it clearly states the 8 cards you're dealt. i think it is to give the player an idea what cards you like so, which you don't want to draft later. this way you can "try them all". i think that is the idea. ;)
@paul sousa - butterfly clan
i just got the 5th clan, better to have more choice do the game doesn't get stale.
i kind of hope they use a totally random animal if they do a 6th player expansion, like the marmot clan.
i for one would have hoped for $20 for a full new clan as there are 4 in the box for $75...
@kevin: thanks!  my wish would be to have them as stretch goals :-) it can't be minis every time... ;-)
@donn - i see the cmon comment. but i am still confused. on the new update the skull piece above the leader spot on the card does not resemble the scoring counter (glory) that is used on the edge of the board in the gameplay video. looking at all the components in that image, i don't see the score tracker. i am assuming it is that. i don't recall there being an update to the score trackers for the 4 clans. i recall it being said that they had to stack. . . maybe i am missing something somewhere
question about drafting: according to the drafting rules, you should end up with 6 cards, but there's a spot in the rules where it recommends that new players don't draft and keep all 8 cards.  is that a typo?
@ matt therault: yes, the pledge manager uses a kind of "shopping cart" format, where you add things that you want, then it will ask you to pay extra for anything you added which is above what you paid at the end of the kickstarter.  such as, if you pledge $75 for the base game during the kickstarter, then you decide to add the 5th player expansion, you will then add another $30 through the pledge manager, plus whatever shipping ends up being.  hope that makes sense.
@jimmyz: the 5+ doesn't necessarily hint towards a 6th player expansion as for the base game cards contain 3+ and 4+ as well. =)
@jimmy - refresh your comments.
@donn - if that is the score token that runs around the edge of the board then i imagine the next reveal will be 330k for the other 4 scoring tokens. it looks like those could stack fairly easily. . . it seems like they are dropping hints about things like that here and there. like the cards in 5th player expansion being labeled 5+. that tells us without question that the 6th player expansion is going to be a thing. . . the question it leads to now is if 6 players needs the flip side board, does that mean that we may see a 7th player as well. since 5 players can play on the main board, it seems like that creates a problem with 6 players. it is unlikely for 6 to fit, but seems overkill to do a new board to add one player.
so, just to be sure you just up the pledge in the pledge manager to get the optional by in right?
@skazz: i really like that idea.  i might have to make some custom ragnarok overlays for my game.  :d
sculpted plastic glory markers for all clans have been a part of the base game from the beginning. we'll showcase them better in a future update, since it seems these awesome pieces went unnoticed.
@michael - those were clan tokens. @cambo - you're right!  i assumed they were cardboard to begin with.
@paul: nice, thank you.  i'm almost finished with got season 4, so i need a new hack and slash drama to watch :)
@donn-the other 4 glory tokens were unlocked at 230k, weren't they?
tomorrow is thorsday and when vikings is on! love that show.
i really liked the idea of the horn as the token for the 1st player. this was one of odin's symbol and would have also remembered heimdall and his ragnarok announcing  horn (gjallarhorn).
@donnbobhardy, i just checked the product description and it's there for the base clans, just not pictured
@jeremy bedwell - vikings: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2306299/
interesting that the 5th player is getting a plastic glory tracker before the other 4 players do.
nevermind - glory marker!
anyone know what the little skull token just below the 5th player warrior minis is? i don't recognize it...
@paul/tim: what show are you guys talking about?
5th player????? just take my money!!!!!
@paul sousa; guess your friends have a real hard time keeping their mouth shut. i know i would, i am all up to date as well. @paul r bruman; good question, don't have an answer to that... hope cmon knows. =p @raymond; boar clan would be cool yes. first i thought it might be a bull or something, horns down. but i am not that good in guessing. =p
just thought that it would be just awesome to have 9 huge tiles, each one having the shape of one province. with lava and fire printed on it, you could cover each province that vanish due to ragnarok. i guess this would be much more thematic than just putting the ragnarok marker on the province. seeing the world become smaller and smaller ....... what do you think?
@david cox - i am in the beginning of season 2 right now and it keeps getting better.  i keep having to tell my friends who are up through the most recent episodes to keep quiet around me. :)
thanks for the responses guys! i can certainly pick up the add on during the survey!
@gabriel that same realization made me instantly recant my previous statement and increase my pledge.
@tim -- wonder how they could do that, the 5th one works by delaying the ragnarok, i would guess they'd need a whole new board with provinces split differently.
@tim van der weyden boar tribe would be cool.
what about the costo to ship to méxico?
@coolminiornot please reconsider your stance on no resin master set. you have some beautiful sculpts here, to not cast them in a medium that shows them at their absolute best is a crime.
@paul, i am waiting for at least 1, the 6th player expansion. =p couldn't see what animal it was though.
@tim @bob thanks! i wasn't sure! i'll just leave it in there for now, i'm sure there'll be 3-4 more exclusive add-ons before we're done... /sigh
@austin - definitely. i hope cmon uses this project as a model for their future projects.
@paul; when you have an eb, a second copy will cost you $70 as well. ;)
@paul - you can drop $5.  your second base is also at eb price.
well, so far, $205 for me - 70eb+75 2nd base +30x2 expansions, going to be a lot of plastic with 2 conans coming as well..
@paul: i blame that series for me backing this game, i started watching it about 2 weeks before i heard about the ks.  got to finish catching up before new season starts this month on amazon prime uk.
oh crap. i was considering waiting until retail to get the ram clan, until i realized it wouldn't come with the ram tokens. welp, guess i'll just be broke for a while. : p
@coralline agreed, very backer-friendly. i would also like to see the option to buy additional monsters though. hopefully we get 2 more warrior variations down the stretch goals.
@paul; sounds good to me! =d
who needs a zombicide crossover (which has no thematic link) when we have a conan crossover? if you *really* want a zombicide crossover, you should pledge for 10x blood rage + 10x 5th player expansion, pull out the soldiers of hel to use as walkers, and sell the rest of the boxes on the secondary market :p
that expansion looks like it would be nice, but after all the money i through at the conan game i am pretty sure my fiancee would geld me if she found out i spent another $30 on this.
@cmon please post the next stretch goal as we will blow through the posted one while you are sleeping!
@daniel weinack: the game and all stretch goals and add-ons will be shipped together. since our eu hub is in germany, your shipping should be very cheap.
compared to cmon's previous campaigns, this add-on isn't all that expensive. they really tried to nickle and dime the hell out of backers on just about every project. this seems a little more backer friendly. i'd still love to have an option to buy extra giants and trolls. i'll probably never play the game but the figures are outstanding. i went in big on rum & bones for the gameplay. i just want the minis in this one.
@joaquin - that has never been an option in past cmon kss.
yeah, $310k is coming up fast, we'll hit that in a few hours at this rate.
@tim van der weyden - reggie loafbook maybe?
@jimmyz:  tell me about, zcide s3 landing very soon, dungeon saga with all the add-ons plus character resins.  sadly the conan i backed is not for me, other wise that would be another couple of hundred by the time the add-ons are included (although i have first refusal if my friend decides to sell at a later date :) ).
cmon i suggest before you go to sleep, pull out another stretch goal...'cause we might achieve the 310k usd goal during the night....
the 5th player add on is cool, and $30 does not seem unreasonable, but... since i am mainly after the minaitures, i am leaning towards a second base box over the expansion... the minis are cool, but for the three extra sculpts it wont matter much when the horde rushes my rpg players... but i like where this is going. if we get a couple more big monsters and some special characters... and maybe a different faction...
will there be cross buy add-ons for those who missed either rum & bones or smog kickstarters?  would love a chance to hop on either with a late pledge!
is it possible to ship the game and the addon together?  i live in germany and maybe it is a bit expensive to seperate it. greetings from germany, your stuff is awesome! :)
@cmon :( a zombicide xover would have been awesome
@paul; the project is still fresh. ;)
justin - pure aesthetics.
@justin - they start symmetrical but quickly become asymmetric as you play.
*click the manage pledge
@richard - like the manage pledge button. increase by $30 and confirm.
mmm, definitely some cool designs and i like 'alt sculpts' as a kickstarter exclusive thing. but to be honest this feels ripped out of core game, given how some of the elements are already laid out...... would have much more preferred to have the three models and clan sheet instead of those rather ugly token components as stretch goals.
are there any inherent differences among the clans other than aesthetics? like, do they have different stats or anything?
thanks for crushing my dreams cmon. :)
i am surprised there aren't knock off minis for ragnar lothbrok and crew.
first time ks person. how do i add in my optional buy for the five player expansion?
as i always play green when possible, i fully endorse the 5th player add on!
@adam:  you don't have to pledge for it now.  you can opt to buy any extras during the pledge survey in a month or so (possibly longer, i forget how long it took for zombicide s3).
just to confirm: we will not be making any zombicide crossovers in this campaign.
@adam; maybe the pledge manager would be an option too? guess that will give you another month (maybe 2)?
welcome adam to cmon kickstarters. if it's any consolation. you can add funds later in the pledge manager. which generally is a month or so after the campaign ends.
@david - ha. . . between cthulhu wars, rum & bones, and zombicide season 3. . . i expect to be getting about 400 minis this year. . . if this game ships when they are expecting, i guess that makes 500. . .
the only thing that bothers me about the add on is that the clan marker is exclusive... i dont care for the alternate sculpts.. but if i have the other clan markers as plastic, then i want this one to be plastic too.. but i cant afford to get this set until retail!
my other problem with this expansion is i don't really need a 5th player option but zombicide s3 turned me into a ks exclusives whore for anything i do back if i like the miniatures :/ .(#plasticcrack #nowillpower #wifewillkillme)
@alex starcrash - the interesting thing about this game is that you can bring anyone in as a clan. use the raven clan board and play with 8 conans and the not red sonja as the leader. with all clans being equal (no skill sets that set them apart) this works with no trouble at all.
those wanting to use these models in conan - monolith said they're making a scenario in the nordheim expansion that uses blood rage models. it's not on cmon to come up with rules to use them in conan, it's on monolith, and they're doing it.
judging by the funds i'd say the expansion has been a hit.
i have another reason for liking this add-on.  it gets me my mountain giant sooner.  and i sure do want that mountain giant :)
cmon.... keep them coming!!! yes!!!
cmon - thanks for the confirmation, very tempting!
i would also fully support an add-on that integrates the models of this game into the conan game.
you can certainly use the ram clan to play a game with less than 5 players. the clans are not tied to a specific player count.
@kevin marema: thinking what you typed. =p
@bradley thanks, guess i will have wait for the pledge manager. conan will bankrupt me this month again.
+1 wu-tang clan w/ ghostface trolls
i just find it hilarious that when they give us something that we've been clamoring for, so many people have to jump in and complain that it's "too expensive."  sorry, but $30 for the 5th player expansion isn't bad.  you can't compare the cost of the expansion to the cost of the boxed set because, as @coolminiornot stated, the expansion is produced in lower numbers, thus increasing to total cost to produce it.  at least one thing is consistent with kickstarters, so many complainers...
just upped my pledge to include the cool expansion! i'm fine with its price as long as the impact on shipping costs is 0 or at least small/reasonable. has there been any mention on how shipping may be affected by this add-on? i check the shipping section and update but did not find any info on it.
i'm one who thinks that it is worth it to pay "more" (i.e. kickstarter prices instead of online discount retailer) in order to get an expansion pack at the same time as the base game, rather than waiting a further 6 months for it to become widely available. the best time to get people interested/excited in a new game is... when it is new.  having extra player expansions available immediately means that there's more chance of getting people to play; in turn, if the game is good, then people will continue to play and the game will have a long "shelf life" with our group. we have too many good 4-player games that don't get played purely because 5 people turned up on any given night.  spending a few extra dollars ($5-10 max if you buy now rather than post-release) is a good investment for me.
nice 5th player option , there was a lot of folks asking for that , good work !! i  only have 3 friends so probably wont need it ;) but will probably have to take it just for the figures alone :)
i know i have 4 people who want to play but not sure if i should buy the 5th player so i can swap stuff out.
@paul - but could you imagine the cost on that one having to do separate molds for every member of the wu-tang.
man, they went right for my weakness - green's been my favorite color since before i can even remember. * throws money at the screen*
finally an add-on!! it was about time...
for the record ive upped my pledge so not unhappy
i would be willing to pay for an add-on that includes an optional ruleset for integration with the conan game, along with the necessary accoutrements (tiles, sheets, an additional scenario). similarly, i would love to integrate the conan players into the blood rage mechanic. i understand that blood rage and conan are different games and i'm excited to play both on their own, but this seems like it would generate even more diversity and replayability and diversity in each systems, if possible.
aaaaand upped my pledge, great optional buy-in! $30 isn't too bad for that 5th player, especially with those ks exclusives being tossed in.
i am holding out for the 7th player expansion with the wu-tang clan.
the cost of the expansion is driven by several factor. a separate new mold demands a higher price of production, because the quantity produced is lower than the base game. still, this is in line with the cost of similar extra player expansion with miniatures on the market. as stated on the update, this campaign will have very few optional buys.
@donnbobhardy  the extra monsters are there for the completionists that wouldn't get the add on until retail if it didn't have kickstarter exclusives.  for me, i only get addons that are ks exclusive and i wait until retail to pick up any other extras.  by adding alternate sculpts, it forces the hands of people that need all the exclusives.  it's intelligent marketing, really.
felipe - you can wait til the pledge manager.
could the ram clan be used as an alternative clan in a 2, 3 or 4 player game? i don't see why not, but maybe there's a reason cmon isn't disclosing.
heh. . . i love it. . . all  we want is to be able to get a 5th player expansion. . . what? that is too much for a 5th player expansion. . . $30 for a full faction and all the extras seems right to me. i bet when it comes to stores without the extras that are ks exclusive, it may only be $25. plus tax. and with cardboard tokens. . . you got my add-on. and on saturday afternoon when they post up the 6 player faction they will have me for that as well. . .
hey look it comes with 2 warriors models we ahd to go though strech goals to get them in the base game .....???....!!!
we'll see. they might combi it in a better deal with the upcoming 6th player expansion containing the boar clan (pure speculation though)
disppointed with the cards. extra copies of existing ones? the expasion was the opportunity to introduce a new god with new strategy options. do i need to buy the expasion now, or may i wait for the pledge manager?
the problem is exactly that! many of us joined the project because it didn't go the rum and bones and zombicide route... and it's quickly doing a 180 on that... i hope this is the one and only add on at this point
@ryan - settlers of catan $40. the 5-6 player extenstion $20. half the price of the base game. i'll give you that that adds 2 player to catan where this is only 1 player. but catan doesn't have minis.
for those that think it's too high (not saying i disagree), you can not buy it now and get it cheap via retail down the road.  especially since it seems the ks exclusives in it are a negative for some folks.
close to $3 per mini for the expansion, not thrilled. also not thrilled that the dark elf add-on looks a lot better than the dark elf we get. most/all of this stuff should have been in the base game, only being up to 4 players is a serious limitation when compared to other games.
@lance i don't see a sixth player expansion happening unless they make the board double-sided. as for the price, it didn't jump out as overpriced to me when i first saw it, but i would be much happier at $20 for sure. at $30 i will have to think long and hard.
looking at the cover art for the 5th player expansion (which has previously been shown on their fb page), it is clear that there are *six* warriors in the picture.  the only one we haven't met yet is wearing a tusked helmet.  boar clan for 6th player add-on, do you think? i'm in for both.  $30 is worth it for the figures alone, and my game group frequently has 5 (or 6) people looking to play.
i don't have a problem with the $30.00. i'm in it mainly for the miniatures. i will pay extra for quality.
@coolminiornot any chance of some custom ks backer pictures for our profiles? the art in this game looks amazing, would love to use and promote with it!
just be happy we don't have a stretch goal to unlock the second sculpt for the ram clan. they could've pulled a zombicide and added an add-on and then a stretch goal for the add-on.
i would add $20 for it if it didn't have the additional monsters.  i don't get why the extra monsters are there.
a bit steep for just one faction and i know there will be at least  another one down the line... and that's not really good... crossing the line here to become too similar to rum and bones
i admit as much as i love the theme, what sold me on this ks was the fact it was supposed to be a single (and great value) pledge level and hopefully wasn't going to end up trying to empty my account.  i don't usually like to join in with any negativity but i have to agree $30 is way too much given the content vs. the base game value (bargain or not).
$30 doesn't seem too high? it is nearly half the price of the base game!
no problem with add-ons here; but $30 is just too much for a single player add-on. backers should be getting a better discount on this $20 or $25 max. c'mon cmon!
i,d pay the same for the boards tokens to be able to use my conan kickstarter minis as a faction(s) (poss 4 factions given the minis available ?)
@jimmyzjhonstone, i see your point but in zombicide some ks ex are kind of needed imo-rose for me! i also feel a bit odd that this is not a 'usual' cmon add on heavy (or worse sg add ons!) ks lol :)
do you just up your pledge b y $30 for the 5th player
this doesn't seem too bad. chaos in the old world had a 5th player expansion that cost $25. so this seems reasonable considering the content in it.
settlers of catan's 5-6 player expansion is $20 and doesn't come with miniatures. pandemics on the brink expansion includes the extra player, it's $35. i don't think $30 for a 5th player is that crazy.
how about a $20 version of the add-on that doesn't have the extra monsters?
that add on elf model is much nicer than the base one imo
nvm, i'm at work and couldn't see the new update. i'm really sorry. forgive my insolence.
if you want to purchase the 5th player expansion, just add $30 to your pledge. you'll be able to select what the extra funds should be used for after the campaign is over and we release our pledge manager.
yup! up pledge by thirty, and it gets resolved what exactly you're buying during the pledge manager
@andrew just threw more money at them even though i doubt i'll ever get 5 players going at the same time! damn you awesome ks!
@ididoth, no one has confirmed a $30 5th player expansion and most, if not all, kickstarter have some sort of exclusive.
i mean the exclusive figures are just resculpts, they add literally nothing new to the game for what it's worth
so how do these addons on work? just up my pledge by $30?
$30 for a 5th player expansion?!  and include exclusive figures that backers of the game can't buy individually?  this ks is veering close to one i pass on.  come on, guys, you can do better than this.....
this is an add-on i can also support. adds something to the game, not a ks exclusive, but does have some ks exclusive bonuses. for me at least, great job on this one cmon.
eh. $30 is pretty ridiculous for a player expansion.  too much of these sg's so far look like "how much crap can we pull out of the base game and charge more for, or look like we're doing you a favor?".
@agreave - many of the zombicide promos that they have done haven't made sense. they are just for fun. there are zombicide packs i have seen (not by cmon) that play in the batman world. doesn't make sense, but you play batman fighting zombies! why not play as a viking? sculpt him as flavor flav with a clock instead of a shield. . . ok, now i am just getting silly with it. but that is part of what i want in a game. something i can have fun with while still playing seriously. i think cross promo is about the only thing i can imagine beyond the 5-6 player add-on. . . besides, if i get to the end of a cmon kickstarter and only spent $75 i will actually think that ragnarok is happening!
i have a feeling the money is going to start flying in ($30 may be high for a 5th player expansion, but those elusive ks exclusives will make it worth it to most).
$30 for the fifth player expansion!?
i completely know the pain about not being able to get all that i want to get. pretty sure that is just a general life lesson though and nothing at all to do with cmon. i missed out on the first 2 zombicide kickstarters. i wish i had the extras but can't and won't pay for them on ebay. i personally think that cmon does an incredible job with balancing add-ons and sg in such a way that the ks exclusives are not something that impacts a game if you don't have them. if i don't have the full cast of big bang theory for zombicide i can still play the hell out of it. in blood rage, i think we are going to start seeing some card based sg. not sure exactly how that may work, but i bet it happens soon. because in this game there are only so many minis you can use. i am actually intrigued by the variation on their sg increases. i have not seen one that fluctuated before. 30k for mystic troll. 20k for first player token. 30k for mountain giant. i like that they are gauging the value of the sg. they realize we are not going to be as excited by a first player token as we will the mountain giant. and a viking abomination would be pretty frickin awesome. (although i think the scales are off between the games. but i don't really know how odd that is. would a 32 mm next to a 28 mm be like an average person standing next to shaquille oneil? we are only talking a 4mm difference here.)
for me a zombicide tie in would not make sense (and i have that/those) and be a true mess, the conan tie in does (as it shares some monster types etc) just, and i backed that. i also did r&b and took some add ons, as to make the game more challenging/longevity you sort of had to imo. what could you add (as add ons) another clan or two-at what price? it is an "as is" type game to me and is refreshing for that-especially as cmon are at the helm and i'm not a 'hater'! :)
yay! another stretch goal pillaged! :-)
boom!
@raymond - they've said no to resin figures. also no individual figures for sale.
i'd like to see a "conan" figure who fights for one of the clans like the big monsters. he did visit the frost giants and the norse in an adventure. would be a cool cross-over figure to have here.
is there any chance of a ks exclusive set of collectors figures in resin?
i've been screwed before by cross-ks promotions. i don't like them as someone who likes to collect all the promotional materials for a board game.
i could get behind a viking abom. that's kinda cool.
viking abomination for zombicide sculpt! that will get people backing it just for the exclusive figure! there's a lot of zombicide nuts out there myself included
i also dislike ks exclusive add-ons. i hate the feeling of needing to get it now, i make enough to pay bills and a bit for fun money but i can't always drop over an extra hundred or so after pledging
oh yeah, $280k is a done deal less than $500 away now. probably even hit the $310k pretty soon too.
@thiago aranha - cmon does that mean cmon have no intention on getting us some exclusive cards to play blood rage game with conan creatures?
i'm planning on using the figures with other games as well makes it even more of a bargain.
should get past the 280k target today.
i'm pretty happy with how this is playing out. originally, i thought it was awesome before all the stretch goals and even if they had zero stretch goals i would've paid $70-$75 for the game and amazing figures they have. all the free stuff they've been adding is just awesome icing on the cake for me. so i wanted to say thank you to all the people running this great kickstarter and let you know that everything you've been doing and adding for free is greatly appreciated!
@jimmyz i agree. also if they made a viking survivor for zombicide it would be the only survivor i would use ever.
yea how dare cmon reward their backers.
i only dislike ks exclusive add-ons. i would like the option to pick up the extra clan or whatever at a later time. but cmon doesn't work that way. they have a "get it now or pay the outrageous ebay prices" mentality.
oh ehi only 879$ for sg
i would like to see a super stretch goal adding a 5th player that would not be available anywhere else or only as a promotional item. a 5th clan as an add in.. it would have to be a big stretch goal or one that built over time. however i think it would be an interesting draw... yes i am biased.
i don't get the hatred towards add-ons. in rum and bones the game was complete at the base pledge level. you had 2 factions to play a 2 player game. offering optional buys for other factions is just that. an option. no one had to drop r&b because the add-ons made it cost prohibitive to play the game. the game never changed price. no one ever has to buy a single add-on in order to play the game. we have no idea what cmon is going to do about add-ons and cross promos because in spite of constant asks, @thiago is silent on that (which is totally his right, i see it as him teasing things along in the manner that cmon has planned from before the campaign was teased with waiting for the site to go live.) it makes no sense to me why anyone interested in only blood rage would have an issue with cmon doing a $15 zombicide viking. or a $15 conan character. or a $40 rum and bones crew. if you don't play those games you just ignore them. there is no reason to want them unless you play those other games. those sorts of add-ons will help push to sg achievement in several ways. i play those games so now i am upping my pledge. i know people who play those games but are not here for this campaign. if they are enticed to come here and pledge $40 to just get a viking crew for their rum and bones game. . . again, how does that affect anyone who is here just for blood rage? . . . i don't think anyone is talking about the idea of a sg being for a zombicide figure. now that i could see as being crossing a line. then cmon would be assuming every blood rage player had an interest in zombicide. i don't think that cmon would do that though. have they in the past? the idea that conan did add-ons right astounds me. i was frustrated at how many add-ons they had. didn't make me change my desire for the game, but i had to choose how much extra to put into a game i hadn't yet played. i wanted to get it all because i am interested in the game, but the whole package there was like $500-$600 i think. back to blood rage though. if they do 2 faction expansions to add to the game, nobody who chooses not to get them is missing out on a complete game. the 4 player game is a complete game. if i choose to add the $50 or so to add on those factions, that is on me. at some point the $75 cost will be at a break even point with them adding sg items. i would be surprised if that price point could support 2 new factions as part of the base cost. i would love for it to. before zombicide, i was someone that balked at paying $60 for a game at my comic shop. now, thanks to kickstarter, i find myself eagerly buying games that i have spent an entire paycheck on (don't even want to think about the cost of cthulhu wars (although taking some of these figures and creating a cthulhu wars faction would be an awesome idea now that i think of it.) i think the game can easily handle (and likely needs) an add-on or two that is game specific. and those backers that are interested can easily handle add-ons that appeal to them.
it was awfully cool of the monolith guys to give blood rage the shoutout and incorporate our miniatures in one of their scenarios. however, we really couldn't ask them for even more.
some nice progress today :-)
@thiago aranha - cmon  copy from conan kickstarter... "about the fact that there’s so much potential crossover between conan and blood rage, not only in terms of the art style and theme, but the figures are also in the same scale! with that in mind we decided to create a new scenario for the nordheim expansion"  as conan goes to 16.000 bakers... if you give us an add on with your miniatures with...  character sheet for heroes (for conan game)  2 abilities tiles for monsters (for conan game)  we will rise this game to crom mountain...
@ steve - quite a talented team of sculptors indeed: remy tremblay, jason hendricks, jag, jose roig, steve saunders, gregory clavilier, stephane simon, rafal zelazo and elfried perochon
@thiago aranha - cmon since you kinda of partnered up with monolith, are we going to see exclusive cards to be used with conan's creatures/characters?
man!  who is the artist that is doing these sculpts?  this person is crazy talented.
@andres p. s. couldn't agree more!
moocifer, check out midgard....
@ thiago cmon: ok ty very much :)
i'd like to note that when i asked about separate miniatures as add-ons, i didn't mean the whole set for $50. i meant individual miniatures like the troll for $5 or individual clan packs for $10.
this seems appropriate now: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
maybe that is why he is so mad??
the poor wolfman appears to be a eunuch.
@tony devito yeah, i agree with you.
less than $5k to the 1st player token.
apart from the alternate sculpts... god we really need an edit button here
addition nothing is replaced
@soulchief - not a bad idea.  but then he'd have to make his own tokens.
you'd still need something to replace the minis for the game to be playable - the cardboard tokens, some meeples, etc. are the stretch goals for token mini replacing the cardboard components in the box or are they in addition?
@moocifer there's people here who want just the mini's and not the game, and you want just the game and not the mini's. i see the possibility to sell off your mini's and just keep the game.
@badmojovoodoo ah, okay. i am a terrible completionist and went all in again to not have to bother about searching for stuff later on. you are right, the expensive add on expansions were without exclusives.
@lance codarin + 100
@moocifer cubes and no minis in a cmon campaign??? ha you are looking at the wrong campaign! xd
@thiago aranha - cmon copy from conan kickstarter... "about the fact that there’s so much potential crossover between conan and blood rage, not only in terms of the art style and theme, but the figures are also in the same scale! with that in mind we decided to create a new scenario for the nordheim expansion" as conan goes to 16.000 bakers... if you give us an add on with your miniatures with... character sheet for heroes (for conan game) 2 abilities tiles for monsters (for conan game) and we will rise this game  to  crom mountain... thank you for the possibility of spanish versión...
@dagda re: conan - the addon expansions will end up in retail, and no ks-exclusives in those. the other addons will be re-sculpted and availible in a way as well.
@moocifer - i sincerely doubt it.
is it just me or is the wolfman sculpt completely subpar compared to the rest???  don't get me wrong,  it's not a bad sculpt it just doesn't even compare to any of the other ones...
@thiago:  are there any plans to release a version of the game without any minis at all ??  a cheaper option just using different sized wooden cubes for example ..
indeed, he was referring to exclusives.
@dagda - i believe his argument was that most of them weren't exclusive.
@badmojovoodoo conan had it right with a "few add ons"? the game cost me in the end four times as much as the base game would have cost, all because of the add ons.
@captain totally agree in this case xd
i guess it depends how many people are really getting this only for the minis, but i don't think it's that much. if they made "minis only" level at $50, then people who only care about the minis might drop from $75, but i think a lot of people might pick up a second set of minis and it would more than make up for it.
@lance lol but our discussion was more fun.
@yshai you basically said in few words what required me 5 posts xd thank you xd
@jeremy bedwell - not rude at all.  i don't have the cash for the game, but $15-25 for some minis might be feasible for me right now.  i also have a buddy who is backing the game and i can't wait to play it.  we all have our own situations and reason for our requests and they don't mean we are insulting the creators.
the excssive add-ons are the reason i backed out of rum & bones - the price point jumped to 300$, and it was simply too much for me. the exclusives were mixed in with all the add-on packs, and i decided that feeling like i was missing out wasn't a good deal for 100$, and 300$ is too much for that kind of game. so i backed out, and i will probably not even get it in retail. so i'd rather not have any more add-ons, thank you.
to thomas's point there are only two types of tokens left ragnarok(8) and pillage(9).  i am not sure that either work well as sculpted token though.  mainly because the ragnarok tokens are randomized and have the province on the back...
the way i see the miniature add-on packs is this.  it's kind of rude to say "hey, i don't care for your game but adrian smith's miniatures are awesome.  can we just buy those?"  not everyone is wording it that way, but man some of you are being rude without even realizing it :-/
either the pvc, or especially resin, minis as add-ons would be awesome.  i would love to get the minis that will be used in the conan scenario only if possible (full transparency i am only a $1 backer right now).
speaking of add-ons, it would be nice if they offered separate sets of miniatures as optional add-ons. either packs or one-offs. i know people who would love to have some of the miniatures in this game just to paint but will not shell out $75+shipping for them.
my thoughts on add-ons are that i like how conan did it.  they offered a few ks exclusive add-ons that totaled maybe $60 if you wanted them all.  they also offered some additional add-ons that would be available in retail later, as well as the expansions. also, the add-ons were a huge boon to overall funding for that project (i did some rough calculations and it was approaching 20% of funding from add-ons at the end) which resulted in a number of the sgs that were unlocked. i definitely understand not wanting $200 of ks exclusive add-ons added to a $75 game, but done right add-ons benefit everyone.
@lance codarin game content: 36 cardboard tokens. we replaced around 20 of them. so much more to go^^.
:)
@lance -  new 2nd player token new token for the person whose turn it is to get drinks new token for the person whose turn it is to put away the game new token (2 sided) to flip to see which direction you will attack....
@romanio l'inet: - this campaign is only for the english version of the game. we always work with international partners to produce versions in other languages later on, but that is a separate thing. such things are still under negotiaion, so we can't promise what will be released, though french and spanish seem very likely. - we currently don't have plans to have more than 2 warrior sculpts per clan. - sorry, no miniature-only option. - each token is a unique sculpt and mold, plus these are fairly big tokens. these things cost money...
we are halfway to the first player token... after that i think we will move onto more meaty sgs because there is nothing much left to upgrade in the game am i right?
@romanio from what i got at the moment is only english but text here is really on the low end fro now it seems with sg we are heading into 2 main directions: deluxe content and more monster to summon (which they say you don't play with all of them every game) no plans on selling minis apart the tokens sg we whole agree some of them need rework but they were fine sgs
morning all!  a little heated discussion is usually a good thing.  i'm in the party that would prefer minimal add-ons.  i like to have "bling" as add-ons, since there's usually a group that is not interested in them.
@lance we are good, plus the more comments the more likely it will be added to different hotness tracks. . @romanio it has already been confirmed that there will be no minis only pledge level.  my guess would be that we have seen the last of the alternate sculpts for the warriors, its much easier for gameplay when you have similar figures representing the same thing.  i would also guess that it will be up to fans to do the rulebook translations which you will be able to find on bgg.
agree with lance a few reasonable addons, nothing game-changing, is ok. maybe 5 players as a sg and 6 as a addon. conan did it right!
@thiago aranha  thank you. i go over comments but i didnt find... anything about spanish pdf rules? thank you
hi, first: congrats for this awesome project! i got some questions: is the game will be available in differents languages: french, german, spanish versions? only english wil be a bad point... is will be more alternatives sculpts for warriors models in the furture sg's? i dream about 8 differents sculpts for each clan. no possibility to order only the miniatures? (not the entire game) i'm little disapointed by those "tokens sg", 20k for a token thats not very cool...
@captain we are just having a "heated" conversation here we aren't really insulting each other so it's okay to disagree :) and i think if the horned rat exp. for chaos in the old world is anything to refer i think we are looking at about 25/30$ max considering 2 factions and cost of base game
basically what in general we don't wanna have is a campaign in which we are forced to pay hundreds just to get the exclusives or complete the game... cross buy add ons is a good thing unless it affects negatively  this campaign forcing me and others not interested in z or r&b to get them just because... add ons for excessive minis is another thing i'd not welcome in this campaign... if it stays in the boundaries of the dogs of war and smog campaign i'm fine with whatever they have in the cauldron
sorry if i sound harsh it's not intended
that's another practice i hate about those games... many here (not you in particular just generally speaking) usually want add ons just because they wanna profit in the retail market... i find that outrageous for the hobby!  as i said i'm fine with maximum 2 or 3 add ons total that helps the gameplay (so 5-6 player expansion  for instance) i'm not fine anymore in paying hundreds of dollars just because you are used to pay lots of them for cmon campaigns...  many people want this campaign to become like zombicide and rum & bones and i'm against it
@lance  i think we are violently agreeing.  a couple of gameplay add-ons are ok, but we would prefer them as sgs.   . on a side note my guess is that the clan expansion(s) will be about $30 for the full clan (8 warriors, 1 leader, clan marker, clan board, plastic bases, ship, glory marker) should we see them.
ok that mountain giant is my favorite sculpt so far
@lance codarin: neither do we (about living in the states) and importing games is a expensive business. that's why we learned to just buy the things we like from cmon during the ks campaign since that works out a lot cheaper. and on the off-chance we don't like it, their products do sell well on the aftermarket :)
@i and i  while i really want this to support 5 maybe 6 but any more than that and this game would just take to long.  i have noticed that within my game group games that support 5 or 6 that can be completed in 90 to 120 min work and see table time once it goes beyond that those games have to have special nights planned for them.
@captain matt: +1
yes but read carefully both of you... i'm fine on having one expansion as add on... it won't be fine anymore if it becomes like rum &bones in which each expansion was 40$ dollars and suddenly in order to get everything you need to pay a fortune... i'm not living in america so these games don't arrive to my country usually...
@lance there are people who are waiting to throw more money into this pot.  i am just saying lets give them that chance.  i am not saying take the add-on route like zombicide or r&b but something more in line with xenoshyft or smog.
@lance codarin: why is that any different then buying expansions in a store? yes, you're paying extra for the expansions but you would do the same in a retail store. the only difference is that they included an exclusive figure in the r&b adds. these weren't necessary to actually play the game and you could easily wait for the addons to hit retail :) i'm hoping for a bigger board and more factions. i wonder how this would play with a large group (6-8 people)
@lance; the game is complete as it is offered in the box; two new factions as add on might be a nice addition. i see it as settlers of catan. the game is offered for 2-4 players, although you do have the choice to add an expansion for 5-6 players. it doesn't mean the 2-4 player box is incomplete, there is just the option to add more. =) just as with rum & bones.
referring to alternate cards... maybe foiled cards?
badmojo: that would be an interesting sg in my opinion!
5-6 players, possibly with a new board) feels like a must.
the fire giant, surtr (?),  is really cool. just wished they could add (alternative) cards with the original nordic names for the monsters instead of generic ones.
afternoon all!  going very well new giant is impressive :)
@captain i disagree! many people don't wanna pay something on top of what we already get just to have more exclusives! why in order to complete a game i should pay 200$ more??? if i don't do that i will miss parts of the game and that's not good! crossover add ons are a solution if you really want them but let them be independent to the campaign... i don't want fluff i won't use in blood rage because i'm not interested in rum and bones and zombicide... and  many people think so too! many backed out from rum and bones precisely because they needed to pay more add ons in order to complete the game with the factions... for that kind of game is ok because after all that was a miniature game with a theme on it and required tons of minis... this campaign is not that! here we have a limited number of minis for every player... adding too much of them is a bad move! so far it seemed that the plan of cmon is to stay on the likes of the dogs of war and smog campaigns which is a plus at least to me! i will welcome a 5-6 player expansion (even as add on if we really need that) but that's it! no more fluff
the axe token i like!  the play video shows a grey horn token, so i am guessing that the base game (retail version) includes a horn as first player token and ks backers get the axe so they have a choice which to use. we may not be hearing a lot about solo play simple because of teh way teh game works. a bummer for me as i like solo play. 5-6 player expansion would be very cool. it would make this a nice convention game.
@andres no more flying monkeys please xd
@andres p. s.: we have no plans on selling just the miniatures, sorry. but you'll find that the asking price is well worth it, even if you're interested in just the miniatures.
@andres there will not be a minis only pledge.
ja ja ja... hello jacinto... anything about my questions? i hope they give us a winged ape!!! ja ja ja
@lance  i understand what you (and others) are saying about add-ons, but i am in the other camp i would love to see some add-ons.  now let me quantify that, base pledge is $75, so i would say that one of everything including all non duplicate add-ons should be less than $175.  that allows the campaign to explode more than it has, but keeps the completionists happy without breaking their banks.  things i think we will/hope to see as add-on are the other two clans, 5 player board, new gods deck, and a couple of the other ideas that were listed (don't remember them at the moment).  now would i be opposed to see any of this as a sg heck no, that would be awesome.  another random add-on / freebie i wan to see is a mercenary viking brute crossover with rum and bones.  during that campaign everyone was screaming for vikings, with rage even.  possibly a crossover crew, but that might be asking for too much.
hi andres! nice to see you here too;)
halfway to the axe...
new backer... anything about the posibility of buy just the miniatures? anything about spanish pdf rules? thank you
@ renato: see, they threw me off with the "kickstarter exclusive" banner on the images for those expansions.  i assumed that meant the whole expansion was kickstarter exclusive like they did with some of the arcadia quest stuff :(
this game doesn't need tons of miniatures, just what is needed to differentiate strategies and counters to op monsters like fire giant (seriously now it seems really the must have monster so far) so yes to more monsters (that could be drafted as a mini variant before setting up?) no to add on factions that provide really nothing to gameplay (except maybe a 5-6 player exp. but i'd prefer this campaign to stay without add ons)
@jeremy, to be fair, in rum & bones, the factions weren't ks exclusive add-ons. they simply came with an additional mini that was a ks exclusive.
hi i'm back what did i miss?  let's see: - first player token as expected  - new giant mini so finally we have the trio of giants  - talking about add ons - please no don't go the route of rum & bones and zombicide - possible expansion - ram and boars uh? then it's possible the expansion will be the only possible add on in all the campaign and won't be ks exclusive (but will be sold at lower price?) will see - fenrir mini possibly included in the expansion instead of being a sg? or more probably will be one of the last sg - no talk about solo play? - damn
sorry, my comment below sounded kind of snide when i reread it.  haven't had any caffeine yet.
what might happen (like rum & bones) is offering add ons (faction expansions) with a kickstarter exclusive miniature, like the wolfman in the pledge. =)
i'm at work and can't read every comment.
in that case, no, can't see them making those sort of add-ons kickstarter exclusive. that'd be real stupid on cmon's part.
ram & bull clans? looks promising. =p @joseph; we are talking about, if there will be add ons. expected by looking at the shared picture that show (possibly) 2 more factions. =)
no, you missed the comments below @joseph.  people are showing pictures with other clans and like other cmon kickstarters (rum and bones in particular) those extra factions were ks exclusive add-ons.  if it does come to that, bleck.  it means in the future the game will suffer from being unable to be expanded.
so, possible expansion with two additional clans sounds very nice :-) though the fenriswolf needs to appear as a monster imho. no ragnarök is apocalyptic enough without the swampwolf released ;-)
hi jamie, good to see you here!! ^^
@ jeremy: unless i missed something, there are no add-ons. if you're referring to stretch goals, a lot of them are kickstarter exclusive and are marked accordingly.
@bill here's an alternative image location - http://www.brueckenkopf-online.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/br_blood-rage-preview-2.jpg
well i'm a bit to this party but boy is it looking fun!
i just hope the add-ons are not ks exclusive :(
sure thing :) if they go down the rum & bones route, the extra factions will definitely be addons, probably in the $20-$30 range, which is pretty cool when you think about it.
can someone save that somewhere - not facebook - as that is blocked for me... :)
@kaloyan thank you dude, i am at work, couldnt search it ^^u
if you're wondering what jacinto is talking about, here's the picture in question - https://scontent.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/t31.0-8/885528_737353386341368_7187323700296643995_o.jpg
like the signs of future add-ons. looking very much forward to them! :)
some pictures show at least two more clans, boars and rams (goats, of however they are named xd) so those are things to come i think, maybe as addons.
@tanya: the provinces that will be destroyed by ragnarok are randomised at the start of each game.
:d
@ale. i think we will see it today.  i am probably doubling my pledge based on current progress,  but if any add ons come out, like extra player expansion,  ragnorak flame tokens,  zombicide cross buy, etc i am definitely going higher... damn you cmon lol
*any
if there are ny add ons, today would be a good day to reveal them. gonna be a while before we get the giant!
i always like aesthetic addons,  not necessary critical to gameplay,.  but they do contribute to the theme. zombicide promo survivors are good examples,  you don't need them at all to enjoy the game. :)
@dan i'm with you there nothing worse than feeling like your missing out on something if you dont spend more money on a project.
@andres; the stretch goal giant i don´t know, but the size of the other figures are listed under the faq on the main page.
@joseph: i'm very happy that there aren't loads of add-ons. i'd far rather have it all covered by my existing pledge than feel like i have to spend loads more money on top of that to have a complete game.
did the creators say anything about playing with more then 4 player? i would love to see a 6 player expansion as an addon!
does anyone know the scale of the giant compared to the other monsters and/or vikings?  i can't find a reference pic
liking the stretch goals so far. intermixing deluxe components with awesome looking monsters is pretty nice. this is the first kickstarter i backed from day 1 and i am glad i did. gameplay looks great!
this game needs more add-ons.
question how do you decide which province will be next hit by ragnarok. is it random or a set pattern.
caved in and finally backed :) looking forward to seeing further stretch goals and add-ons! personally hoping for the addition of a fifth clan.
@alex. xd nice one!
you could always tell her "hey check out all these guys you get to boss around!" ;-)
@yishay marzel about hours ago you posted about wanting more female representation in this game, and i agree because i want my wife to want to play games like this like this without having to feel like she's being excluded. i don't know if this is something the producers are planning for, but i'd like to see them take it seriously.
i like the axe token very much, thank you.
couldn't keep back anymore, had to pledge for this ks :).  being a long time fan of adrian smith art (one of my favourite (ex) gw artists) together with eric lang behind game design and mcvey behind minitaure design this project is developing into something really great. keep up the good work
it's fine, just a bit out of the blue, i was expecting a horn rather than an axe.
i rescind that, not badly scuplted, just not as great as the miniatures. :)
di i or did i not call the badly sculpted axe for a first player token?
@mjcc: yes, and if you upgrade your warriors, for example, you'd place the card with the new str rating on top of the rating listed on your clan sheet, making it clear what is your warrior's current str.
really? interesting... thanks i have also found this, which answer part of my question (in the rulebook):  at the start of the game, these ratings are all shown on your clan sheet: leaders have str 3, ships have str 2, and warriors have str 1.
@mjcc: the rage cost of a card is the same thing as its strength in battle. they're both represented by the number in the red circle on the top left of the card.
thanks for the replys, i'll ask another one =p i have a hard time seeing where the strength of the units. for example the strech goal od soldier of hel, has the rage cost (4) has the text below showing its special abilities, but where is the strength when pillaging or defendind? is it the same of one of the large monsters? in the rulebook also, the sea serpent has the special abilities but no indication of its strength. from the gameplay i've gathered that the soldier has one attack, the monsters have 2 (or more?), the boat one also - but they all can be upgraded. is this explained anywhere (rulebook, cards) or are we just supposed to assume?
just did the google search. those are some stupidly good miniatures.
@simona dostalova: if you have an early bird pledge, you can just multiply $70 by the number of pledges you want. i'll see if i can get such a comparison picture up.
i was too late. =p guess we have ninja's here too. xd
@mjcc; when i look at the game play video and pictures, i say you can only have 2 monsters (as they are called with a card) and every player has 2 big colored bases. @simona; quote from f.a.q. "yes, if you double your basic pledge you'll receive an extra base game and an extra copy of all unlocked stretch goals." so, you are right, when you have a eb, multiple copies are $70.
@mjcc: the extra figures don't come with colored bases because that's not necessary. each clan can only have 2 monsters at a time, so each clan has 2 large and 2 small bases for the monsters.
mjcc - the clan boards have spaces for 2 monsters. the game comes with all the colored bases you need.
@thiago if i got eb and i want to buy multiple pledges for my friends, do i need to pledge yx70 or yx75? and also, is it possible to post a picture with master mold and production minis standing next to each other?
@thiago aranha - will all the new figures come with coloured bases? or is there a limit of coloured bases? can everyone have more than one monster in the board at the same time if the oppurtonity presents itself?
@alex @jacinto cool, thanks :)
@loig roumois: i'll get cracking on putting the "all you get" banner up. you guys just want to stare at your pillaging rewards, don't you?
@dan look on the facebook page, those models are final plastic versions ;)
dan - google search "blood rage production miniatures" and you'll see them.
i think thiago said yesterday that an updated graphic would be toward the end of the week.
are there any pictures of production models for comparison with the master sculptures?
+1 for overview of "this is all you get". great idea loig! =)
horn instead of hand+axe, but it's ok anyway. about the giant... do i have to say anything? awesome
@gregor, @ernstar: i know, its great. i'd like to have more. right now we have about 25% represntation, and i'd love to see it rise higher. like i said, it would make my gf happy, and would make us play the game more often, which would be great.
@cmon: is it possible to get a "this is all you get for 75$" kind of visual on the ks frontpage? much appreciated, thanks
has there been any talk about purchasing extra miniatures and is there a scale comparison to other companies ranges.
not sure why the first player token is an axe when the card token and artwork are both horns... but i love the giant!
i'm hoping hel, goddess of the dead will feature in the game somewhere
@yishay plus you have the volur withch and valkyrie
+1 for the start player token being a horn as well!
@yishay: well, the serpent clan is entirely female.
amazing new sgs! the first player token looks good enough and the mountain giant is amazing! but please improve the doom token!
the giant is awesome!
i like the mountain giant and am happy enough with the token, although i would have preferred a horn.
cool stuff. i again would like to state that i would love to see more female representation in the game - i play with my gf, and she is always happier to play with female characters, heroes and monsters. while we might start referring to the trolls as female, i'd be very happy to see more female monsters, heroes and clansmen: it would mean, for me, that my gf would enjoy it more and we'd get to play it more often. thank you.
am i the only one that doesn't prefer the new sg?
@mustafa abbass: i won't lie, it feels very good! everybody did an amazing job on this game.
woaw! lindworm and garmr up next i hope, to bring some variation to trolls and giants!
@thiago aranha, what does it feel like to be a producer of a masterpiece?
wow, loving the mountain giant, loving this add on free campaign too! :)
that mountain giant is a good way to announce the new day.  looks fantastic.
good morning, everybody! let's make it a glorious day!
from the video the game looks great. i have good hopes for this one! however, i'm a little concerned about the sg progression. the step became $30k at $230k already. for comparison (sorry but it's only natural to compare) arcadia quest, rum&bones and conan had 25k increments up to $500k. considering that a pledge is $75 and that it took 4 sg to have second sculpt for warriors, i'm a little worried...
that ks exclusive mountain giant looking good!
very happy with more detailed minis as they currently are with the base markers. think it works well for those of us who are painters, and i think looks nicer on the board unpainted then otherwise. the reduced cost for the manufacture is also a plus. if you're that desperate for different colours spray the minis you want with colours you chose!
zzzzzzzzzzz.  too much mead yesterday, perhaps?
i like the colored base covers instead of colored minis, it is cheaper than coloring all the minis (keeping cost down is a plus).  maybe it is just my eyes but it is harder to see the detail on an other than grey mini as the color just washes out any shadowing.
since when do vikings sleep? o.o
updates! we want updates and stretch goals to conquer! fifth player clan, more monsters, variant rules, new god cards, axes and rage tokens, bigger maps, new realms to conquer, more more more! now! ;)
@mustafa, that the stretch goals are further apart is quite normal, look at other cmon projects. speaking of other projects: @thiagho: any news on the xenoshyft shipment for eu?
no sleeping allowed! where's that update? (who else noticed that the gap between sgs are increasing steadily)
@timothy mann the tokens are colored. that would explain why they are not as beautiful as the miniatures. they are manufactures on a different "cheaper" way.
@badmojovoodoo -- cmon adresses why they chose not to do colored minis.  they said the cost are astronomical, and since this project is near completion,  they didn't needlessly want to burden the backers.  as it stands for now however, no colored minis.  stretch goal possibility?  maybe, suppose we'll find out.
@luzifer_xiii; i understand you're sceptical, but i have been positively surprised before. ;) i do agree though that kicktraq isn't reliable to give correct estimates. =p
cmon has all the ks experience needed to rocket this ks above $1m through sg... if they want (btw, still waiting for zombicide s3 guys :-). the bridging with conan is typical of trying to go that way.
i still would like a zombicide add-on. that way people not caring can ignore it and it will raise the $$$ a lot. viking reenactment survivors ftw!
@tim i wouldnt mind if we reach the 1m. but at the moment i am sceptical. without addons it will be difficult. but i think its better than a flood of addons.  lets see how animating the coming sg are.
btw, i am very happy that some of the minis don't look like "fully classic" medieval fantasy stuff. i already have tons of "fully classic medieval fantasy stuff" (yes, just received bones ii). i would be against silly pokemon stuff, but a bit of novelty doesn't hurt.
actually cmon is sleeping... but it's ok. everyhting is under control, nothing can go wrong, this ks is just gonna be a blast...
sleeping at your post, cmon? ;)
an stretch or even addon of colored miniatures would sure be nice for us who don´t paint.
260k down..what's next?
@luzifer_xiii; i think we can reach the $1m mark. =) honestly, i think a lot of people are just keeping an eye on the project see how it goes. some people will join half way and expect most to join in the last week. this is based on the stretch goals that seem to get very interesting now. ;)
what´s next? keep my mind from working.
trooollll!! see troll hunter if you don´t get the reference...
another troll on my ox cart, huzaaar!
troooolllll!!!
yuuuuhuuuu
lets play a game. the one is nearest to the final resolution gets a free seat at valhalla!!
which final pledge will we reach with our vikings in this campaign till ragnarök? what do you think?  kicktraq says 1.3 m. but the statistic is false because of the rush of the first the days. my prognose is 851.666 $.
i smell a troll unlocking!
@alex draper, personally i think that is good - better to let players customize in-game instead of having eternal debates on asymmetrical powers being uneven. quantum does this perfect as well.
the rules gives me a slight meh feeling, nothing really new here, and very similar to midgard. would like to see some tweaks, perhaps different effects on different land areas, or fortresses, helheim or other realms as separate boards.
does seem strange that each clan has not developed a little intrinsic personality by way of a special starting power. then again if i recall, the guilds in arcadia quest (by e. lang) dont have any special power either...
i hope they will release fenrir and nidhoggr!!!!
hi all, this is my first ks !!! congrats to all the team who work on the project, what you offer is wonderful.
i have to say that i'm really impressed with the minis for this game. the troll alone was enough to get me on board.  hope we get the other one and more!
@sébastien rogge  that is exactly like i would do it with the monster cards. i hope all the cards will printed together. otherwise the chance is high that the background color is slightly different from the regular cards comapred to the ks exclusive cards.
an idea for an add-on: rules for a viking skirmish game to be played with the same minis  :)
@ felipe i agree, more cards would be nice for the game (i'm sure it is foreseen as a next stretched goal ). but more monsters is cool too.  an option to avoid the deck being spamed by monsters cards is to select randomly a defined number of onsters at the start of the game. you don't spam the deck and you don't know wich monsters may come during the game
i hoped to have this troll already. i wan't to see an other stretch goal.  a 5th clan as addon would be nice ;-) let's see if this will really stays without addons...
last night i watched the game play video and i like what i am seeing. it reminds me of "dogs of war"; place your army the right way and gain benefits. the card system to win/lose battles is a very nice touch. i don't get my family to play games, but my father and brothers liked dow a lot, so no doubt they will like this too!
dwarfs aren`t small warriors in the nodic mythology, but magic creatures, ables to create magic items, but not warriors for the battlefield.
i guess the dwarf in the viking setting is suppose to be weak!?
complaints about how the blood rage dwarf doesn`t look like a classic fantasy dwarf...
i just logged on... what's the conversation this hour?
i'd be happy if we could add on more copies of the minis already in the game. i'd like at least two of each giant and troll. they're why i'm in on this and are simply amazing. people who want the game to be one complete package would still get everything in the box, but rpg players who want extra minis could get their fill and help drive up the total.
i hate add-ons
i think they should pull out some add-ons... to spice up things a bit...
@justin  when i first read the rules, i was too disappointed to learn that each clan is essentially the same, but the idea that the uniqueness of each player playstyle/strategy would emerge from the card drafting grew on me after a while. it's been said that after the first draft, each player immediately starts to do his own thing.
personally, i like the dwarf. nice to not see cookie-cutter characters... things in this ks tend to have a cool, different look and i think he fits.
i like starting on a level playfield as much as the next guy, but what if each clan had a unique special ability that reflected their culture and further helped to develop your gameplay strategy?
@mark - trooth. some people think normal fantasy dwarves are ugly. i think that one should've stayed underground. >_< still, it certainly is unique. with that giant head and those scrawny legs i think he must fall over a lot. that might explain some of his looks.
@brody the current god count is six not five according to the manual: odin, thor, loki, frigga, heimdall and tyr. gods and clans are totally unrelated in this game. clans just represent the player and the only thing unique about them is the appearance to help differentiate the units on the board. gods on the other hand have a theme and a playstyle. any player from any clan can draft their help, they are polytheists ;) @mark e. i guess the dwarf unlocked in this game is more akin the norse mythology ones than the high fantasy ones we are used to.
sleipnir could simply be called odin's steed. pretty imposing moniker.
just a bit of constructive criticism here but, the dwarf we unlocked seem a bit thin & scrawny.  he should be more stout & robust!  he looks like a darn halfling!
probably i am in the minority, but i want to see new gods and cards supporting new playstyles more than new monster miniatures for now. blood rage is more of a card drafting game than a miniature's game after all. getting new monster after new monster will only increase the consistency of this type of card in the age decks, swinging the strategy towards a monster spam path and the gameplay may suffer in the end.
bill "wystan" c  .33 in the video
@justin - i'm not opposed to it, but there are things i'd like more.
anybody else wanna see some sculpted doom tokens? i think exploding flames emerging from the board as ragnarok consumes the world would look pretty sweet!
8 legged horse of doom (explosion)
"horse lord"?
couldn't think of anything better for demon horse though... i know there's something there i just can't put my finger on it...
@renato - see?  i knew i could count on you guys!
@donnbobhardy, maybe elder dragon and wolf king?
welcome justin! its great to have you join us as we pillage these stretch goals in the name of the gods!
sleipnir, nidhoggr, and fenris.  since we're not going with special names, "demon horse", "dragon", and "giant wolf"?  i'm sure someone can do better than that.
brothers, i have accepted the call to battle and i eagerly await the opportunity to earn glory and, in due time, gaze upon the halls of valhalla!
an art book would be great!
maya - that's what i've been asking for too. a mini would be awesome!
lol for real, the anticipation of what sgs are waiting for us is killing me. the sculpts so far are just brutally fantastic.
think you can somehow add sleipnir into the game?
i just cant wait to see what kinda stuff gets unlocked.
so close to the troll!
george - production examples are available to see if you search around. the detail is very good...
ok, i have to ask. are the minis used in the gameplay video (and photos) final quality, or are they more detailed originals or something? i ask because they are pretty dang detailed, even by cmon standards...
less than $10k.
i really hope we unlock this troll before i have to sleep tonight! i'd love to go to bed after seeing some sweet new sg's!
don't say that man! you'll make me wish it was september already.
thiago - yeah it was pretty awesome once it got going. lots of strategy, trickery and climactic moments!
@alex c: glad you enjoyed it!
@brody - what time stamp?
made it through the gameplay video. game is even better than i thought! bravo!
my ideas for baldur's cards/gameplay: -baldur combat card: +2/+3, the strength of this card doubles if you are not the one pillaging this province; -baldur quest: 5p card, win points for each province not pillaged in this era(might be a card for the second age); -baldur clan upgrade i(local support): spend one rage and raise one horn stat if you successfully protected a province from being pillaged; -baldur clan upgrade ii(local recruiting): gain one unit on the province if you successfully protected it from being pillaged; -baldur clan upgrade iii: gain glory for each unit left alive on the board at the end of the age. -baldur army upgrade: 2 strength when protecting a province. -baldur boat upgrade: something to move your troops between the regions the provinces it supports, the boat may not contribute with strength on the battle in this case; or being able to move the boat to "adjacent" fjords i guess i will use this as an homemade expansion if the official expansion ends up not supporting this defensive/disruption gameplay style.
when you watch the video it shows gods of the clans, and then it shows five gods including loki, so the fifth clan might be something that worships loki.
id rarther be boars
boar or stag fit the lore/style perfectly. both play into norse mythology a lot.
re-zip, isn't he still a thrall to mr cuddles?
another tip: the card for a four player games already indicates 4+. i can see this game being built around five players already.
so-when does it go proper cmon and the full price add ons appear? this is starting to feel weird :)
@jonathanpetryk i am waiting for the inevitable expasion to add the fifth player. the game already supports this: just begin the game without a province doomed and add the new gods cards for five players(guessing baldur: who will net you glory for getting units on the board and protecting villages from pillage). no idea which totem they will use for the next army though. @thiago please, if i am wrong about baldur, pass the idea around the office. it would be a waste to not fill the design space i suggested(gaining glory for disrupting other player pillages and keeping your units alive no matter what).
@thaigo please do me a favor. grab the nearest piece of scrap paper, crumple it into a ball, the trough it at mr. cassie/black and tell him to pay more attention to the xenoshyft comments page, thanks
anyone going to increase their pledge in preparation for add-ons,  but right now to hit more stretch goals?  lol.
jared - i've been asking for sleipnir but nobody else seemed interested.
so...when are we going to get the love child that was the result of loki distracting that horse, you know, the eight-legged baby that odin later takes as his steed?
@thiago, alright, i like the sound of that!
@renato lule: probably towards the end of the week. once we've accumulated so much stuff it starts to become hard to keep track of it all. ;-)
zip seems to be focused on a couple other campaigns right now or his traitorous ways have fallen pray to the captain.
@thiago, at what point do you guys include the "what you get so far" graphic?
the hybrid conan and bloodrage... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/806316071/conan/posts
thanks guys, recent convert to this ks (thanks fb), purely for the minis. was going to ask the scale, but a short scroll down, and there it is. cant wait to see how much this actually pledges by the end.
@renato lule: indeed, where is zip?
http://giphy.com/gifs/scrubs-eagle-11p1apcpqm7wew
oh, and a monstrous giant eagle would be great too, given that in the eddas there's this guy too: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hr%c3%a6svelgr
i'm definitely seeing a lot of cmon regulars here and its good to have them back. i can still think of two we're missing though. one that i'm happy to not see (won't name any names) and zip. where is zip!?
@todd - i agree. i don't care for this type of game (just personal preference) but these minis are stunning. i need an option to buy extras so they can kill heroes in other games. these guys look so fierce!
i have to admit i'm a bit bummed that the option to buy additional figures isn't there. these figs just look amazing!
yay, mead! on another note, if we get a troll mystic, could we also get a giant sorcerer or illusionist down the line? utgard-loki is one of my favorite characters from norse myths... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%9atgar%c3%b0a-loki
muahahahahahahahahaha!
darn you ub3r! you got me to pledge. i'm one of the ones hoping that cmon will allow us to buy the minis, especially the bbegs, as add-ons. i'd love a chance to buy a few giants, trolls and vikings to terrorize players in my rpg games. the troll and giant sculpts are amazing. worthy of a place in any fantasy rpg.
welcome aboard!
welcome to our halls, maya! grab a tankard of mead and celebrate the coming ragnarök!
ok cool. i prefer not having them specifically named after them. as interesting as the mythologies are, it's easier to pronounce wolfman.
just joined the blood rage family! looks like its going to be fun.
for blood rage we tried to be careful about not making the flavor of the game too impenetrable, like calling the wolfman "ulfhéðinn".
@bradley yes there are  werewolves in norse mythology  there were alternative terms such as ulfhéðinn ("one in wolf-skin", referring still to the totemistic/cultic adoption of wolf-nature rather than the superstitious belief in actual shape-shifting).
are there no werewolves in norse mythology?
@jared - looks like just a fun freebie to me. it says "the wolfman comes with his figure and a card to add him to your age ii deck."
so who is this "wolf man" guy? he doesn't seem to fit the theme...
totally agree with you jeffrey. free stuff = awesome
im gratefull that (so far) all the extra's aren't begs for extra cash
niranth*
thanks nirathan
less than $22k for that mystic troll to unlock, it's a frickin' awesome sculpt imo.
thanks for the info, guys.
yep, 32mm at the eye for the man-sized figures.
32mm
what is the scale of the models?  28mm, 30mm?
@niranth: when i see the way they're handling this campaign, it brings me back to the comment you made after the dogs of war campaign...they're following your advise!
@niranth - you read my mind!
@jonathan, you can check a users profile to see the comments they have made.
came back today to notice my question has been hidden under 600 comments. anyone able to tell me if they had answered the possibility of giving plus models of villages pillaged or otherwise the we could stick on the board. thanks team
i mined all the information pre-released via facebook commentary when people asked questions and posted it on the reaperminis forum in regards to this kickstarter.
good to know. fortunately i don't use facebook so i didn't have that information!
they've already stated that there will be no "mini's-only" pledge level option a few times on facebook when people asked.
lots of mini gamers on dakka would pledge if there was a minis-only option, but i doubt that would happen.
@donn " *shakes magic 8-ball* "better not tell you now" " was the response thiago last gave regarding confirmation that there would be no add-ons.
i'd like coloured figures, but if not, as yishay marzel points out, each player can have 8 different figures, mixing them together.
did we ever get confirmation that there will be no add-ons during this campaign?
@donn - i know. i still ask for permission each time, though :)
@jared - that's how it's been in pretty much every cmon ks i've been in.
we all need a squirrel to taunt us....
i'd like to see a friendly ratatoskr monster :-)
questions: if you have an eb, can you get a 2nd copy at the same price?
noooo. , please keep the models as grey and do not use coloured pvc. some coloured dyes can drastically alter the properties of the plastic.
they've stated on their facebook account that they have all the rules, design, and art finished. they also have 80% of their figures tooled so this kickstarter will help them finish of the tooling of the other 20% and finish it up completely, they've been working on it for over a year now.
the same colored bases strategy was used for arcadia quest and it works really well.
the same colored bases strategy was used for arcadia quest and it works really well.
love the play through video. i would not be opposed to another. :) the fact that you guys had one and the rulebook posted from the start speaks volumes about this game. keep the awesome stretch goals rolling in.
awesome!
done for 2 copies :)
@sylvano double pledge! this will help reach more stretch goals/unlocks.
trooooollll!
what is correct? double pledge or wait for survey?!
fenris  is a must.  people who backed catacombs knows this for sure ;-)
@sylvano that is correct.
hello blood rage! i am on my cell phone and can't write private message! wanted to know if we want 2 copies with all the unlock and exclusive, do we just manage pledge and put twice the amount or we wait for the survey?! thank you
so the new tokens are unlocked but when do we get the miniatures for clan turkey?
@monkeyknifefight, lmfao!! great always sunny reference!
now that i know the way the minis are being made as a shift supervisor in a thermoplastic injection molding facility i can see costwise why there not doing different colors for the clans. it can cost several thousand dollars in tooling alone just to make multiple molds or mold inserts. you also got to take into account that it will lengthen production time if they can't all be run together. i'll probably be painting mine anyway. speaking of which i already have a lifetime of painting to do so i should probably quit wasting my day off work reading comments. :)
now we gotta pay the troll toll to get into this stretch goal's hole.
haha i kinda like it one at a time, just because its more suspenseful and i keep refreshing.
looool that was fast
estot bird open :d
i do like the 2 sg's shown at a time, let's you know what your aiming for.
single color minis with painted bases also means we aren't locked into the minis for each clan, and we can mix and match. i plan on building the clans in such a way that each of the warriors looks different, but oddly similar to 3 other warriors from the other clans
boom!
sleipnir please!
i want a troll!!!! let's do this!
woot
where's a good place to buy colored miniature bases, as a side note? i've yet to find any that aren't awkwardly designed or translucent or some other bs. i just want a simple colored base.
fenrir would also be cool.
nidhögg, gravvitner, moin, goin, gravvollud, ovner, svavner or grabak. the 8 serpents gnawing on yggdrasils roots. i wouldn't mind them all :-)  but the fenris wolf is a must imho.
oooh...fenris...
@donn that is absolutely right!
i would love to see niohoggr.  dragons make everything better.
looking forward to this game after seeing the video :-) neutral colored minis = approve from me.  would definitely like to see either fenris or jörmundgandr (we have a sea serpent already though) as added large monsters. maybe nagelfar - ship of the dead could be a large unit?
i would like to suggest doing ragnarok tokens in 3d
@donn......big-as a std 32mm fig is next to some and on the play vid they look grand scale to say the least :)
@cmon - thanks! @andrew - because it's cheaper and better for painters.
oh jeez, if i had read 12 comments down i would have had an answer
oh man, i can't wait to play this. i can see many nights of blood rage, beer and listening to wardruna in my future.
@donnbobhardy: measured from the top of the base to the tip of the highest point: troll: 50mm sea serpent: 75mm frost giant: 87mm fire giant: 93mm
question: why are the clan tokens colored but the clans themselves aren't?
gone!
clan tokes: great! mystic troll: amazing!! (is it a giant?) doom token: needs improvement! saga token: improvement would be nice.
eb available!
have we been told the height of any of the 4 big monster minis?
@donnbobhardy depending on size i would count them as half.
donn - generally not.
when one is counting minis for those "x minis for $y" comparisons, does one count plastic tokens as well?
monolith is going to make a scenario for a conan crossover with blood rage minis? yes please, take my money.
here's what i have to say about the troll exclusive stretch goal: grian approved!!! :)
@brian if you have an lgs, i suggest going in and asking if anyone would mind spray priming your factions various colors for like $5-10, most of us have cans upon cans of various colors lying about and would have no issue spending 5 minutes to fix a friend's board game up lol
@alex c i have never painted a mini in my life, but i still wouldn't use spray paint. ;-) i am not interested in spending a ton of extra money on different coloured paints, but perhaps just a single colour per faction might be an option. or maybe just keep them ivory with different colour washes? i don't know.
backers can always spray paint the minis an appropriate color if they choose. may not be preferable, but it's an option!
@thiago aranha - cmon thank you! you should note that in the faq.
the main reason we decided to go with the same color for all the vikings is that it greatly reduces the production cost to be able to have all the figures in a single mold, instead of having to separate them into several molds for each color. this is a game with 49 pretty big and amazingly detailed figures. if we didn't make a special effort, it would easily have costed you $100 or more. the coloured base solution is one that works very well in gameplay, and makes the vikings look visually consistent with the monsters you add to your clan. and finally there's the added benefit that miniature gamers will appreciate the neutral-colored miniatures.
i'm just really hoping a 5-6 player "expansion" is in the upper echelons of stretch goals, even as an addon.
that's why many backers did ask to change the 3d tokens mold color too... i personally don't care much for them (since apart minis i don't plan on painting them too) but there is people who cares about it too!
obviously if the coloured plastic would be lower quality for whatever reason, then i prefer they go with the higher quality option. i don't paint, but the quality of the minis is more important than the colour for sure.
@nrak the "lord" and both warriors are women in the serpent clan.
the serpent is an all women clan yes! so pink quotes are met! xd
so serpent clan is an all girl clan? at least the 2 warriors are women right?
yes sorry i messed up i was looking right now the myth of ragnarok...  so yeah we miss niohoggr not jormugandr
yeah, i too prefer gray plastic. if they intend to change to colored plastic for the final product, i hope they make a survey before to see what the majority really thinks.
@cmon i know there's only one pledge level, but is there any way to get our core game board signed by the team?
jörmungandr has been depicted in a few different ways the "official" version is the sea serpent, but in other referential works he's typically a giant land serpent.
@lance - the dragon is níðhöggr.
for some reason i automatically associate colored plastic = low quality. no idea why. so i prefer the grey plastic.
@robert houck: 32mm
usually colored plastic has the problems that thomas listed... the details don't show up the same even painted and if you use white primer you need to pass it at least 3 or 4 times before it erases the base color... black primer on the other hand would easily get around it but you can't see everything later on! (at least that's my opinion) i'm not a pro at all and usually i'm okay even if there isn't all details on... but for big figures like this details are everything (and it would be shame not to do them properly) if you want to paint them... jormungandr is actually a dragon that feeds on the corpses of the dead, the sea serpent is another monster whose name escapes me...
am i missing it somewhere? what scale are the miniatures.
well, we have a giant rock, now we need a giant roc!
@thomas same boat. i'd prefer grey plastic but if the colored plastic is no different property-wise i'm fine. i've just seen previous miniature kickstarters where their colored plastic was bad quality.
@joseph - which one particular bit?
elementals: fire wyrm, stone golem, water wyrd, and some kinda cyclone air creature.
as long as the plastic keeps the fine details of the sculpts, isn't too brittle, or requires a dip in hot water to straighten out i don't care about the colors. just my 2 cents.
i don't see the color of that one particular bit being that big of a deal in the first place.
it depends on where they are in the logistics, if they've already purchased the plastic and such for said molds its one thing. if they haven't, they haven't, i just figured by now they'd have everything lined up and waiting to press the big red button till after the ks.
isn't jörmungandr the sea serpent?  which we already have?  or am i missing something?
@donnbobhardy i know, actually i agree with both sentiments. different colors for the clans and more monsters. even though i will probably be painting my minis it would be nice to have them in different colored plastic until i get around to painting them.
@austin i don't see how it's too late. the game isn't produced yet. even if the molds were already finished, changing the colour of plastic wouldn't affect that. it might cost more to produce the game this way, but since most of their games use different coloured minis already, i don't see  it being a huge issue.
i'd love a beautiful jörmungandr sculpt, that would just totally make this ks.
@lance - yeah.  i'm sure there will be a split based on painters vs non-painters.  there almost always is in this type of campaign.
@lance how is different coloured plastic more of a pain to paint later? you would have to prime them first anyway, correct?
and definitely you were right the first time don! we still miss fenrir and jorgmundur
for what its worth, i vote base grey plastic as well. i think its probably too late in development to reprint it all in colored plastic though.
@andrew - well, that is true also, but not what i was trying to say at the time.
@lance codarin: i'm listening to everything (sometimes to my detriment ;-)
i'm just planning on gluing the rings to the base figures myself once i'm done painting them. easier that way.
and here is were the backer will split up: i for one prefer to have them all in grey mold plastic because having them in other colors it's a pain to paint later! i understand though the people who wants different molds color
@donnbobhardy you were right the first time we do need more monsters
@thiago listen to @thomas suggestion! that is definitely something you should consider if you are going to have an insert!!!
sorry.  *still need a few for monsters*
i would definitely like to see the figures colored.  then they could remove most of the plastic discs (still need a few more monsters).  fewer fiddly pieces is always better.
request: if there is an organizer please allow for room for sleeved cards.
@joseph hammel alternatively, i could ask for the pieces to be different coloured plastic, as with other cmon games, and most boardgames. yeah, i think that works better for me.
brian: then learn how to paint.
@bill - i was trying to get "backer trolls" into another ks i'm in.  no luck so far.
how about an "internet troll" monster... :)
@skazz - i would assume it is roughly the same size as the other troll.
is the mystic troll as big as the other big monsters?
@alex c: i'm not sure how a 2vs2 game would work. off the top of my head, i think it would hinder some of the dynamics in the game. but it's worth a try, i guess.
a little note to whoever didn't saw the gameplay: the fire giant and ice giant ability are simply awesome!  the first explodes in a blaze of glory when is defeated carrying with him everyone else the second doubles the rewards!!!
two more clans are easy. stag and boar, both animals appear frequently in norse mythology and easily could have their own style to stand out. make the stag clan more druidic-looking, maybe mixed-gender army (male lead, one female warrior one male) and boar could just be beefy, barbarian warriors.
why guys guess what we are halfway through the next sg
@efty i disagree 3d plastic token are meant to be eye catchers so they are supposed to look good
thiago - in a 2 player game, can you play 2 clans allied against the other 2 clans? or is it purely 1 clan vs. 1 clan?
*how i could not
@thomas greeley: the clan tokens are not used to mark your score along the board, you use the glry tokens (which are stackable) for that. clan tokens are used on your clan sheet to track your stats.
of course! house baratheon clan! i could i have not thought of that! thanks thomas!!!
i would definitely prefer if each clan was a different colour of plastic, to match the clan tokens. i can't see myself playing the game with the ivory figures, it would lead to confusion, even with the bases.
wyrm, stag, or boar for a fifth clan. the four exclusive clan pieces are nice but not as functional as a flat coin style since they will be moving around the other edge and you may have two or three trying to occupy the same numbered space.
horse clan? bull clan? (they maintained livestock, surely they had some kind of bad ass viking bovine, right?) boar clan? there are wild pig native to the scandinavian peninsula,  right...? eagle or hawk clan? wyrm/dragon? big dog? sea otter...?
clan raven......nah, clan jade falcon. :d just came across this and i couldn't hit 'back this project' fast enough. looks really really cool.
@efty - wit that argument, you might as well leave them as cardboard.  the fact that they're making them in plastic means that they are meant to be eye catchers.
@efty,  we only do it because we know cmon are capable of a higher quality.
to the people complainig nabout the plastic tokens - they're minor pieces of the game, for blood's sake. they're not meant to be eye catchers...
clan bagpuss (sorry brit joke )
clan time lord - have the doctor make an appearance... :)
also forgot to say that would be more mini which = awesome.
+1 to the double sided board for adding in a 5th (6th) player expansion.  it is very rare for my game group to be below 5.
@jimmy oh yes i forgot to answer that! of course the logical thing to do is going with a double sided board but i still think 6 player is pushing it (take into account play time and turn phases - 5 maybe is doable...
lynx clan
i am not thrilled by the look of the two red tokens so far. i hope that they are better in real life than they look on screen. the horns going through eachother is nice, it is a "triple horn" not a "pile of three horns" after all, but over all the mini is kind of bland looking.
maybe going with a sabertooth clan?
clan crenger
battle cat clan!
any big cats native to scandanavia or in the mythology? i can't think of any...
grumpy cat clan?
there arn't enough cats in this game so clan (insert big cat name here)
a felyne clan isn't a bad idea!
mystic troll, that's the kind of sg i like
it seems to me that making the factions different colors makes sense. odds are many are going to paint them anyway. and for this game, having different colors makes sense. if you want to use them in a different game, it seems like you either have to deal with the color aspect, or you paint them. it seemed to me like the colored bases were primarily for the drafted pieces as they could be under control by any faction. personally that is all i would use them for. the different factions all have their own look, so the base add on isn't needed really, it is just for easy recognition. for the record, i really liked the gameplay video. i would actually like to see a new one made with the added gameplay components so far (including the new troll). i know it isn't that easy to just crank out a video, but watching the video helped cement my desire to be a backer here (i backed before watching, but still it kept me from second guessing that decision) @lance not sure if you saw my earlier post, but i think they should consider a double sided board to allow for possible expansion of players knowing it isn't going to be testable within this campaign.
bill - we already have wolf and (ghost) bear, raven is kinda like falcon (in that they're both birds), just need a smoke jaguar analogue!
mmm there aren't really hidden powers in the clans so really they just need to be graphically different ... unless they are planning for a abilities module later on as sg... so i would go with either boar clan or badger clan between all suggestion... that is unless there is a module that introduces clan specific abilities
@alex c - clan jade falcon?
i hate to say it, but i must: exploding kittiies clan! :)
winged ape clan
inner sphere clan ftw!
tbh the map look quite small to go for a 5th player, especialy considering how easy it's to participate in a pillage.
spirit clan as well... undead focused
badger clan wolverine clan spider clan honeybadger clan?
and regarding 5th player... what clan would it be? we have wolf raven serpent and bear... the only one who could fit is the boar clan (maybe draconic clan? nah better stay with real animals)
i would like to see something like this as an add-on: http://e-raptor.pl/mini_organizer_eclipse maybe beef up the bases on the clan tokens a little too.
i'd like a 5th player fanction, too. we are often in 5 and will be awesome. :)
i'm not against both of them mind you all... i just say that before disrupting the balance of 4 players i would explore the possibilities of solo play and then possible 5th player
hmmm, i wonder if there's any provision for a player to control 2 clans in a 2-player game? e.g. clans wolf and bear in an alliance against clans raven and serpent?
@michael "yes have some" elkins - yes that's true, especially as monolith are going to make some custom scenarios using the figures for their conan game.
hmmm i'm not sure which i'd prefer to be added.. solo or 5 player.. solo because i only play solo or 2 player (with my girlfriend), but 5 player because it would be a new faction and more mini's :p
99% of the time it's just my wife and i playing, so i hope 2-player is not neglected. thiago's words yesterday eased my mind a bit but i hope there's not too much additional content that requires 3+ players.
if anyone could balance a 5th faction it would be eric lang. he did it in chaos in the old world with an expansion years later. i don't really demand it, but would enjoy it if it became a stretch goal somehow.
i think the clan figures not being a solid color make them more user friendly in other miniature games.
@zedsdead - +1!
i said it before but i repeat: i would expand in the other direction first - solo gameplay baby! and then maybe add a 5th player (6 player it's really pushing it in my opinion)
now that the clan tokens dictate what colour each clan is can we do away with the bases and make the clan figures red, yellow, blue, brown?
my group is never more than 4 players, so i don't really care for myself, but if others want a fifth faction and eric lang thinks it is possible, then why not. however, if the game has been designed and tested with 2-4 in mind, it may be tough to add a fifth player without ruining game balance.
on a serious note i suggest though you watch the first 20 minutes more or less to see the first round of gameplay... basically the entire first age...
@lance - not sure how i could have taken offense?  it is marriage.  i enjoy it quite a bit, but it does limit my online video watching quite a bit.
it's called marriage don :p (don't take offense in that i was joking ;) )
+1 for a 5th player faction. +1000 for a multi-language if possible (it's just benefitial for everyone).
@lance - i have a wife and 3 kids aged 2 and under.  i'm never home alone.
oh yes even if rhado screws up many rules is good to watch because it really shows the flow of the game
@donnbobhardy: that's fair - a 2-4 side and a 5-6 side sounds plausible.
yeah an hour of gameplay is tough but watching it in the evening when you are home alone can help...
i don't think i can sit through a 1 hour gameplay video. would love if rahdo does a run through for this though. has cmon ever gone to him for any of their previous games?
i like the idea of a 5th player, but i agree that they would need a 2-sided board for that to work.  if they go less than 4 players, they remove parts of the board and some of the cards.  if you go more than 4 players, it's a little hard to add extra stuff in.
i have yet to watch the main video or the game play video.. can't watch at work and no time last night at home.
@alex that i agree it was a bit difficult following everything (and english being not my main language doesn't help) but it surely convinced me to pledge... rulebooks are nice but the gameplay is what makes me pledge for a game or not even if a bit messy here and then
all this talk of beer is making me want to go to the pub - i don't need much encouragement. can we have as an add-on a set of 4 laser cut clear plastic organisers for the clan stat tokens? like eraptor does for eclipse? pretty please?
@alex - that's what i usually figure.  most gameplay videos are an hour long and i have other things i'd rather do with that time.
+1 for a 5th clan. i'd rather have the ability to get the game out more often than a while host of monster miniatures.
donn - you're not missing much imho. i find their videos hard to watch. much better to just watch the project video and read the rulebook .pdf!
now imagine a double troll: first you destroy one unit of  each enemy present and then you power up your own unit??? double troll op pls nerf!!! (of course i'm joking don't do that cmon)
the normal troll destroys 1 warrior from each opponent when it invades a province.
the mystic troll is looking really awesome. a nice stretchgoal to reach! i could not read about it, but what scale are the human figures from feet to eye? 28/30/32 mm or something else? is there a chance to see some of the sculpts being cast in resin?
@lance - ah.  i don't watch gameplay videos.  i only read rulebooks.  mostly cuz i'm checking out ks at work and don't have sound.
damn it, stop the exclusive game contents! you were doing such a great job keeping it to upgraded components only! bah, who am i kidding, it is a cmon campaign, there will be tons of exclusives. :(
lost the taste for mead myself. started off my reenactment doing viking period. the banquets were amazing, £12 for loads of food, wine, mead and enough beer to float a longship!
@don in the gameplay you can see it! the standard troll can destroy 1 unit of each enemy every time he's summoned in a place (not sure if that applies for every combat too)
those clan sculpts look fantastic! one minor suggestion though, i think the raven would look better with a pointed beak. the curly one makes him look soft and i know the raven clan isn't soft!
much better stretch goals, the tokens look really nice. i agree that the previous 2 stretchgoals did not look even remotely as nice as these new clan tokens.
this game would really benefit from a 5th player/ clan - 4 players in most gaming groups is very rare (in my experience anyway) it always tends to be 5+ as a general rule. i would love an extra clan sg or add on to push this game onto the table more! i can't see how it would screw balance over too much and tons of potential for sg content to dig into! :)
@lance - do we know the other troll's ability?  is this because i haven't checked out the fb page?
@thiago: they have better than beer in valhalla, they have ale! and mead! mead is awesome!
would you consider to translate the game into other languages? i mean, at least german, french and spanish, since i believe that you would do so in the future. it would be nice to have for all the backers around the world. i mean i don't have a problem with english at all, but in my country is easier to find people who can play with me if the game is in my language, and also it's even easier to make other people fall in love with it that way. it can only be better for you, since you are going to do so anyway in the future.
1k comments
by the way anyone see potential in the new troll?? maybe in combo with the other troll? destroy two units and power up by one all your own units in the same space??? awesome!
good to see you thiago :) thought you had vanished
@brian i'm glad i'm not the only one who noticed this. while the bear paw looks great, i'd love to have a bear head to match the rest of the tokens.
@soulchief: technically aren't they all dying? isn't that the point of ragnarok :)
soulchief - it's so eager to get to valhalla!
@brian i'd agree with you but i think the bear head and the wolf head would end up too similar... i like the bear paw!
hey, welcome last grimm! i was missing ya!
the wolf head (or whatever it is) looks like it's dieing lol.
brian - that would be cool. though i wonder if a bear head might be too easily confused with the wolf token? perhaps that's why it's a claw instead?
liking the new goals , very nice !!
the new clan tokens are pretty nice. i wish the bear was a head to match the others instead of a claw though.
oh and i think the two previous sculpts really pale in comparison to the new one... the saga token is ok i guess... the beacon though it's really horrendous! can you tell us if those are just 3d renders, prototype component or final component quality?
valhalla is awesome indeed, they have beer there. don, i enjoy some of your level-headed insight in all our ks, but i urge you be careful with the offensive posts. we want to encourage an atmosphere where constructive criticism is welcome, keeping a civil environment. repetitive bickering gets us nowhere, and drown what could otherwise be useful suggestions that the production team could benefit from.
@jeremy yes you get 4 sculpts for each clan and basically you substitute the token on your dashboard
valhalla is awesome. there's worse fates!
send them both to valhalla imo. then you get glory for both, thiago!
we could talk about the awesome sgs! really nice move cmon, tokens look great and the troll is amazing!
more excited with 2 days of this ks than 22 days of ghostbusters one... it's sad for their project and congratulations to the blood rage people involved with this one.
@thiago - but alex is so easy to irritate!  what else is there to talk about?
and guys, please let's keep it civil around here, ok. there's absolutely no need for personal attacks.
donn - "boring sgs", "looks like poop on a plate", "phallus with chicken scratches", etc. anyway i'm done talking to you, nothing good will come of it.
first 2*
redo the 2 first tokens so they look awesome like those clan tokens. the first 2 look like they were designed by a kid compared to those clan tokens.
what's in the baaaag, troll?
@jeremy - yep.
so what are the clan tokens used for? the skills you can level up at the bottom?  and rage?
sorry about the slight delay, guys. wrangling that mystic troll into the update took some extra effort. those things can be vicious.
i lost my bet but i knew that sooner or later something epic would happen! it's the same as other cmon project really! some "half stretch goals" as they are regarded and then boom new things  the clan sculpts are really nice!  we want that kind of quality for the other 3d tokens as well!
@alex - nope.  not seeing it.
troooooooool! more trolls for everyone! more tongues to smoke!
i'm liking that new troll. reminds me of paul bonner's work, which were obviously influenced by other artists as well.
is that last stretch goal horse turds?
troll is pretty nice.
ok, now those look great.
the clan tokens are far better then the two previous sg. the troll is awesome!
and now we get into the "better" sgs :)
yep you've been saying how bad the free stuff is. it's all further down if you need to remind yourself. new sgs are sweet!
ahh there's the cmon style sg's! keep giving us those! :)
@alex - have i been whining about free stuff?  i thought i was just whining about you.  oh, well.  i guess you're the expert.
sculpted clan tokens! now that's a stretch goal baby!
that is definitely a cool sg.
i mean stretch goal - not add-on!!!
donn - it's my specialty! as long as you keep whining about free stuff i think these 2 weeks will just fly by!
that $260k add-on is nice!
@all - be respectful and considerate. see the blue text above
@alex - i don't know.  i kind of like your special brand of hypocritical whining.  don't let others force you into conforming to polite society!
yeah usually when we are all waiting to read the next update
was kinda funny there for a minute. seems to do that from time to time.
looks like that shout out by monolith has led to a rush of new pledges.
did ks die?
sorry, i should go back to complainng about all the free stuff to fit in here.
@alex c - hmmmm, knowing of disabled gamers i think that was pushing it.
@alex - now you're just being a jerk.
@alex yeah missed that part (on the phone you know).
bill - ah yes, gotta put numerals on the bases so colorblnd can play. also include a trained chimp in the box so that quadraplegics can play too.
no i doubt it its still raising now... i think in the next 20 minutes the update will be live
lance - that's why i said token bag. for tokens.
ain't nobody making out with their pledges here!  get a room!
as we get higher they tend to delay the updates to make sure no pledge hanky panky is going on....
at any rate, we're there.  let's see what happens.  unless we caught them by surprise again?
ehi update incoming! let's see... i'm betting on first player token!
sadly, i can totally see cmon adding dice to a ks that has no dice in-game.
you have a point! xd
of course the omnipresent "glow in the dark dice" how could i forget! but this time they will be soaked red with the blood of the glorious fallen heroes
@lance - but we need a bag to put all of these new plastic bits in.
@don don't forget an extra box to store all these (5) tokens!! lol
alternate bases for color blind would be an actual nice add-on
@alex usually bags are coming with dice... i see no dice here xd
glow in the dark dice.
$250k stretch goal - drink coasters with evocative artwork... :)
and token bag. ks backers love bag sgs.
you are probably right
not necessarily in that order.
i'm guessing the next 3 sg will be plastic first-player token, plastic glory markers, and plastic clan tokens.  i don't think the ragnarok or pillage tokens will work in plastic quite as well.
@bill hahaha yeah could be xd i surely wouldn't be surprised! but we will see!
i would love to see a new enemy - wolverine clan with ah'nald as the representative minature
omg yes please, the first player token needs a miniature!
@bill - wouldn't be surprised.
next stretch goal - current player token (badly formed axe in red plastic)... :)
only 1460$ for the next sg!
no crossovers. or i insist on an viking for arcadia quest...(also by eric lang and cmon) just continue with nice things for this game! i guess this would be the best for all of us.
some people are ungrateful sods... i'd still love to see a 5 player variant sg, more people to send to valhalla
let us feed the bonfires with the bones of our foes and trolls!
welcome all conan backers! thank you all for keeping the fires burning!
i think the poop on a plate looks better than the phallus with chicken scratches.  but to each their own.  i would probably have just stuck with the cardboard bits.
just not of the sculpted doom token. that looks like poop on a plate.
art book, pdf, poster, lithograph. whatever. i'd be excited for one.
@jacob send them a pm in the "contact me" format and just ask politely... no one will bite you for just asking! i'm not sure whatever or not would be a good idea for the campaign i only know i wouldn't be interested in it neither as sg nor add on
aaaahh yeah, not just a conan mash-up, but an official one! and yeah, an artbook would be awesome.
@eric @alexander  i i think it would be terrific, but i'm new to kickstarter and these companies. is this an idea worth asking of them or maybe they might be holding back already until they have funding, or would that request be something that would just delay their production? i'm speculating, but i'd love to see something like that even in a digital format.
15 k in 1,5 hours by crom ;-)
there was an artbook with xenoshyft, one with conan. i hope for one here, too.
@phillip. it is designed by eric lang, the designer of chaos in the old world. that is what drew me to this kick starter.
@jacob; yes great idea, maybe even a hybrid of art book / storybook  =)
@jacob thompson: i fully second you! that was the first thing my wife asked for!
@alexander, +1-so cool too :)
would anyone else like to see an artbook? like, a collection of promotional and concept art by adrian smith, either in a physical book or pdf, or maybe some other low cost supplement like a card sheet or poster? i'm interested in one but i don't know what to expect from these companies and whether that would be a collectable to expect from a project like this.
so, with the move of monolith we get tree games interlocked. great thing. i already can see epic gamesessions in the future.
my fellow conan backers are pleging in great numbers  =)
@bill: the stuff from conan is not impeding on the project. that project is funded and that is just extra. it wasn't a sg.
@ andrew morris +1 still hoping for zombicide add-ons.
@thomas so that's why this is happening... oh and on a more happy note we are closing in to the sg --> only 6410
it's the french connection!! :)
unlike cthulhu wars it should be ontime, or at least close.
conan - adrian smith blood rage - adrian smith ;-)
this is a lot like cthulhu wars & citow, isn't it?
so far i like what i see, except the doom token. i think it would look better as a low relief coin. as it stands it looks like a small pile of animal waste. i don't mean bad, just - well - it actually looks like a pile. they may want to re think that one. also it looks like a rough early cad drawing so it might look better once final. the conan tie in is nice, i got in on conan. i would love to see either a stretch, or an add-on for extra copies of the figures. (they have some serious rpg potential, especially with a conan rpg on the way.)
@bill - i agree with you. i don't mind cross promotion here, but i'd rather it be done via an add-on rather than a stretch goal.
i'm still hoping that it will be possible to get additional miniatures (and/or some of the minis in resin) :)
@all - i give up, so you are all 1000% on-board with other campaigns doing things to increase traffic here, but not at all okay with this campaign cross promoting itself....
@jeremy - i can understand that entirely.  if other games want to add crossovers as add-ons or otherwise then more power to them (it can only affect this campaign positively).  however, while i wouldn't mind seeing the ability to use minis from here in other cmon games or whatnot, i'd rather the sgs be focused entirely on the project and this project alone, so if they do that it should be solely as an add-on unrelated to any stretch goals.
@bill the 2 are not even remotely the same. 1) conan is writing their own content that uses mini's from this game. 2) people are wanting blood rage to create content to use in another game. not even remotely the same situation. blood rage is not creating any content for conan. if zombicide (or whatever the name is) puts an update out saying they'll write content for blood rage mini's then fine. i don't want blood rage writing/creating content specifically for another game though.
i've found that the best way to look at boardgame kickstarters is by asking myself if i'd pay that kind of money for the base game as is, without sgs, add-ons and whatnot.  if the answer is negative, then i don't back the project, since it usually "requires" the sgs/add-ons to be fully playable, and that's not a business practice i support. if the answer is positive, then the add-ons are a matter of choice, i'm simply pre-ordering an awesome game, and anything on top is just icing on the cake.
@jeremy - but the people on conan will now get useless rewards for our gain? so why should they not pander to their other bases to increase the number of backers here? why is it alright with you (and others) that conan adds items that give value here, but not alright to add items here that give value to zombicide or even say conan is response?
would be cool to have it the other way now, with blood rage having some cheap add on or digital document to use some of the conan minis here.
sorry donn i may have done some grammar errors here and then but let's just say it once and for all: i like this campaign, i like where is heading, i like the sgs, i don't care about conan involvement on their own campaign... i was just pointing out that many people here were hyped again as soon as someone said "conan is gonna involve blood rage in some  way" after complaining for 2 hours... that's all!
@riftsinger: man, you are a brave one!
to be fair, i was the one saying i hope that they do not add sg for zombicide stuff as it would be worthless to me. i also said i was buying this game firstly for the game, but secondly for the minis at hopes of a fan material conan cross over.  it's cool that monolith did that, and the way they did it means that people that only backed this ks won't get worthless stuff to them as stretch goals. plus the 3.3million worth of backers for conan will come here and help this project along. it's a nice pat on  the from when cmon was helping advertise for monolith.
why is it $15 - $25 to ship from germany to germany ? this should not cost more than $8 for a dhl packet with insurance. i really dislike trying to earn money with shipping costs.
just post this on the conan kickstarter page ..=  101 that is so flaming cool nice update . now let the blood rage mob use your art work to create faction boards so we can use the conan minis on thier play board and it wound be so cool might be ragnarök
@donn  ok thanks ;)
@devedjian - i think the saga token is the one that tracks which of the 3 ages you are in.
@bill - but this is only blood rage.  conan is the one doing the crossover.  and they're not asking extra money for it.
what is the saga token ? is it the token which help to follow the score ? in this case why there is only one and not 4 (one of each color) ?
@lance - but... you said... you know what?  never mind.  i'm just going to agree to be confused and leave it at that.
and that people just want 100% blood rage and no other games represented as this should only be blood rage....
never said i'm excited for anything but this campaign... the sgs are nice in my opinion, i may not like the mold used but it's exactly what i was looking for as little early sgs... never said i was excited for conan
my issue with it is the hypocrasy in the statement that adding things for zombicide (or conan) here provides incentive for those backers to just on board as well and increase funding...
@bill - some may be happy because it's bumped up the pledges fairly quickly from the die down earlier rather than being happy about a crossover.  i welcome it either way; even if i hadn't backed conan, more exposure and studios working with each other can only be good for the game.
@lance - you're not interested, but you're excited?
i find this hilarious that people are all happy that conan is including details for this when they were so dead set on this including anything for any other games....
i didn't back conan and i'm not interested in it... i was just sarcastically demonstrating that the average complainer is just an hypocrite... and i may add i see your reason to not be excited because you, compared to many others, provided a reason for that... i don't agree with you but i can respect that
@lance - i knew what you meant.  maybe if i'd backed conan, i'd be more excited.
@donnbobhardy  yes conan was the bomb ;-) not the sg
i meant not in the sense "it bombed" but in the sense "huge success"... so comparing to this comment section it needed just someone to literally "drop the bomb" and everyone is happy again ready to tackle one sg after another... like any other cmon campaign in which people were dissatisfied with sgs because they weren't what they expected only to later come back and say "this is the best ks ever1!!!!1!
nice idea from monolith! :)
just found out about this and i am in!
@lance - conan was the bomb?
@david "firefly for s4!" cox - duct tape and crazy glue!
see the bomb was dropped and everyone is happy again... all as expected...
i have tried z2 did not like it much, and had some of the extra zombies which made the game worse (as you don't run out so the zombies do not activate as i recall) so yes i would call it just a set of miniatures, sedition wars - same.  on the other hand dogs of war was similar to this and is a good stand alone game with no need of the $hit pile of extras.  rivet wars was somewhere in between, but still a weak game, maybe i just don't enjoy skirmish games!
i'm braving the whinefest comment section to tell people about the conan crossover but i see i was beaten to it! carry on!
that is one hell of a megacool idea!!!!! conan crossover!!!
i'm liking the sg so far, see no reason to complain especially since they are free. even if this game had not gotten any sg at all, i would've happily backed.
fun with the new crossover scenario in conan´s nordheim expansion, using the miniatures from blood rage!
conan crossover! way cool.
cool, conan is making an official scenario (in conan) for the blood rage mini's. only for the nordheim expansion though.
@neil: agree 100% with you, its only a vocal minority but a lot of them only want another sg, no matter if its been play tested or if it imbalances the game... the thunderbird kickstarter has been great in the comments section.
conan just put out a update for blood rage, should see a bunch of new people coming.
@neil - are you suggesting that all other cmon games have been sets of miniatures with a game pasted in?
i think a lot of you are mixing up a board game with miniatures and a set of miniatures with a game (often just pasted on)  in a real board game it is much harder to just add on some extras, for balance it must be play tested lots (many are tested for years) an expansion would be larger than any single sg and would need to be added all or nothing, not piecemeal
@bill: yeah but how do you get it to stay on the card?  do they like seed?
@david and @bill ideas are nice! i hope too it's a just a 3d render of a prototype and not the definitive version! as i was saying i like the sg i don0t like the sculpts used for showcasing! in particular the beacon to me needs a complete overhaul!
@david, yes! that is the best idea i've seen on here yet! that would make it look so much better and add more flavor to the game!
i would love an actual raven instead of that disc thing,
i expect the tokens have aleady been produced (unless they are 3d prototypes?) but i would prefer it if, rather than on a bland plain disc, odins tri-horn design sat upon a detailed viking shield.
lol the ivory tusks go through each other?!
i would love to see more alternate sculpts, more alternate enemies, maybe even full alternate clans....
it's great to be here. that ks is dedicated for me. it's more focused to sell the very good game than (like in past) to sell bunch of minis with barly playable games. imagine chaos in the old world released through ks it would be disaster for the game we know today. it's very difficult to add new content to the game without ruinating it's structure, gameplay and balance.
@lance - i completely agree.  the saga token isn't *horrible*, but the doom token definitely needs a rework.  it almost looks like it's still sculpting clay and not a mini (maybe that's actually the case?)
@yshay you can attach them however you want
@yishay - they are unattached.  they can be added or removed however you wish.
that is a reasonable complain even if i don't agree with that...  knowing cmon these are just intermediate sgs and the real bomb is after these... my only complaint is that this 3d tokens are ugly compared to the awesome minis and need to be reworked in my opinion...
question: are the colored bases attached to the clan models, or can we attach them however we see fit?
agreed, stretch goals are very underwhelming thus far and will likely discourage new pledges. they better start ramping up soon!
@soulchief - +1.  most people aren't complaining because they don't want the sgs and freebies (although there are some, i'm sure).  they're complaining because the boring sgs are killing the momentum of a cmon ks that shouldn't be slowing down in the first 24 hours.
@donn ok that is reasonable then! we both come from two different point of view and i agree that both ways are wrong! didn't want to sound harsh sorry
i really like 3d tokens as replacement for the printed ones. but why do they have to look like crap compared to the quality of the miniatures??? i mean look at the doom token. the hornes look like they go through each other. wtf?
don - with people like you around i think i'll actually take your advice there. enjoy your whinefest.
i'll agree that i'm a bit disappointed in the stretch goals so far, but they're also in $15k and $20k increments.  if you look at arcadia quest, the stretch goals were $25k, $50k, and $100k apart, and zombicide season 3 they were $25k, $30k, $35k, $40k, $50k, $75k, $100k, $125k, and $300k apart. moral of the story - cmon always adds this type of stuff at the beginning and once they knock out the quick upgrades they know they're going to reach regardless they start throwing cooler stuff at us to keep us excited as the campaign moves on.  i'm sure there's a lot cooler stretch goals to come!
so far there's really nothing that's convincing me to keep my ks pledge. i'll be able to get the game for cheaper in retail (without the $15-$25 shipping) and all i'll lose is 1 mini and 2 tokens. of course we're going to see a lot more, but the "meh" sg's at the start are killing the momentum way too early into the campaign.
@lance - i know it was, but it's true.  i just get sick of the "if you don't like how the ks is being run, you can just leave."  this was my version of it.
we still have 14 days to go but stretch goals like this aren't exactly encouraging a lot of new pledges.
@donnbobhardy sorry but that's asinine to say! i'm in this campaign because i like this ks and i want to exchange ideas with other backers! but seeing someone only complain, complain and complain about everything without giving constructive criticism it's just annoying for the majority not only for me! as i was saying it's ok if you don't like something but give a reason for that! saying "what a shitty sg, i'm out of this" constantly don't provide anything... saying "i don't like this sg because in my opinion the beacon is ugly and i think it should be different in this way" is another thing
i am glad to see the stretch goals have just been small additions so far. i typically avoid kickstarters and was worried about cmon's involvement after seeing zombicide stretch goals and add-ins. i'd rather have a well balanced game from an expert designer like this. deluxe components as stretch goals is preferable to adding bloat and unbalancing the game.
so far we have seen nothing that should not have already been in the box.  this is a case of "what can we take out of the box game and introduce as a stretch goal?"  lol!
that's true!! a lot of pathetic stretch goals...
yeah.. 100,000$ for 3 minis and 2 tokens? that is super weak.
cool ks and all (i'm in for an eb) but these are the worst sg of any ks i have been a part of.......
@lance @alex - if they're disturbing you so much, you don't have to read the comments.
@riftsinger you see that's a different thing to say: we can say ehi nice more free stuff but it is a bit ugly for my taste... i agree it seems too simplistic as a 3d token and i don't like the choice of red but the sg per se is good
cool tokens set this from the silly paper ones at retail! i'm well happy i hate paper tokens makes the game feel cheap! especially when the minis are so epic
@renato even in those campaign there was always at least one person complaining about "why this is just half stretch goal" or " ehi that's not an add on " and so on... seriously it's become bothersome
ok sorry but that markers a bit weak  given the detail of the rest of the mini/tokens so far
lance - it's ks, there's always people waiting to complain about the free stuff they're getting.
love cmon approach on this kickstarter, more focus on the game and gameplay instead of just new add-ons and expansions for a game we have yet to play... one thing that i hope to see: double sided game board  =)
@donnbobhardy, i'm right there with you man. on the one hand, it's much better for my bank account but ok the other hand, zombicide and rum & bones were always exciting. once a sg was hit, you didn't know what was coming up. it's a completely different feel but i don't think i mind.
bye then. i'm content to sit here getting free stuff for the game i was happy to pay $70 for at the start of the project.
if that's how much you can stand then maybe this is not a game to back for you... you know we are at not even 48 hours in right? and you know that we have still 14 days of ks galore right? seriously every cmon campaign there are people complaining knowing that there are some intermediate stretch goals here and then and then boom the f bomb is dropped and everyone is happy again... seriously in zombicide s3 ks every moment there was someone complaining...
well at this rate i'm out, i mean one not particulary good looking token every 20k after 4 alternative sculpt (which are very good looking) and 3 small solo figurines  ...
so, with 3 sgs that added stuff to the retail box and 6 sgs that have just blinged up the game, i have to say that this is the most boring cmon ks i've ever witnessed.  i'm not sure that's necessarily a bad thing though.
ah i knew ii! they are going for deluxe components! good thing to start with this and then going all in the last days!!
zapp. good time to get back here
there are our runestones!
boom!!
aaaaaaand reached as soon as i was writing
only one more backer and we reach the goal
come on!  only 14 days to raise another $286.  i hope we can do it.
the ship upgrades can give you a lot of glory when your ships are destroyed. you wouldn't go for a "sea warfare approach", since the vast majority of your figures are land-bound. the ships are more of an ace in the hole you need to know how to use wisely.
oh just a little push for the unlock! thiago better ready the update!
ok that works what kind of upgrades they have? what gives me an incentive to upgrade my ship and focus on a sea warfare approach more than a terrain approach? just want to know because i like to brainstorm possible strategies to show others when playing a new game and let them in in possible unpredictable outcomes!
@lance codarin: ships have a couple of huge advantages over normal figures: they can influence two provinces at once, meaning they are strategically very valuable, and great for fulfilling quests. and there's no limit to the number of ships in a fjord, so if you have a ship, you're never locked out of a battle.
it is slowing down like a lot!!!!
i was thinking something about the boats... they doesn't seem much useful or is it just me? ok they are situational but having only one for the entire game (unless you buy the serpent) isn't a bit, how do i say, "useless"? what incentive i have to focus on a sea approach more than a terrain approach?  that still escapes me
@justin: shipping costs always increase in relation to the weight of your order. shipping to different destinations increase at different points and in different rates. i can't promise you shipping two pledges together will be cheaper, but it certainly won't be more expensive, but there's a good chance you'll save some money on shipping.
@justin do not worry about shipping cost. cmon is very fair about it. if you buy 2 copies of the game you will not pay twice the shipping cost. but it depends of the weight and size and maybe it goes up a little.
@justin: it should be cheaper than 2 separate pledges but more than one as it will be based on actual weight and size of the carton, if that makes sense.
i see lots of comments asking for a 5-6 (or up to 8) player variant. i think it would be impossible to fully modify the game to this during the kickstarter. however, what they could do is make a sg having a double sided board for expanded characters with a promise of new clans to come as an expansion. by doing this the board would be in place for the possibility. the expansion packs (maybe a single clan that could be bought) would then come with figures, player card, relevant tokens needed, and a handful of cards to be added to the 3 decks so there are enough cards for the added player(s). . . i think adding this idea as a sg would make many happy and allow the creators time to play test to see if more players can work. if it doesn't work in their eyes and they choose to not make the added clans, so be it. we got a double sided board for no reason and the company can simply stop printing the back side of the board in subsequent print runs of the game. in the end, with regard to more player feasibility, we should trust that they know what they are doing. . . i don't have a big group, but the idea of having variety of clans beyond 4 does appeal to me.
can someone please comment on how getting 2 copies for a single pledge will change shipping? or will the shipping amount go up? will we save money on shipping?
only 1261$ for the next reveal!
http://status.kickstarter.com/ nvm, ks is experiencing an issue.
no i think it's a bit of "online traffic" in this hours so it's possible you experience some slow downs
@soulchief: no, same slow down here, too.
is ks slower then normal? or maybe it's just my connection at work.
@david the difference is clear though: here you will receive something retailers won't have unless they backed here with multiple copies... so your decision of backing is as follows: reduced price + exclusives but wait a bit or wait retail and get it probably earlier with no exclusives? you should always ask this question to yourself before baking a cmon project...  the second question you should ask yourself then is: this project has add ons? how many? how much money will i have to spend to get everything exclusive? you will see then 2 kind of cmon projects: the big ones like zombicide and arcadia with tons of exclusives and add ons that require a considerable investment and project like this that aims just to get the best product possible with some surprises here and then for ks backers that won't hit retail ever
@lance codarin "i agree with people asking for both solo and more player count... i think reaching a point with 5 players could be good (six i think it's pushing it too much)." +1 for sure! love the idea of single player mode. mostly because it is hard to get my friends together on a regular basis.
@david since this is a cmon project, this is very likely to happen. i remember waiting a month+ for a game that was out in shelves and i live in the u.s, i won't even begin to mention what some europeans go through.
@david gardiner: i believe they have that clause to allow them to sell at gencon.  i mean, it's a month and change before the "estimated delivery".  you can't expect them to not have spares and try to sell them during that weekend.  that's just not good business.  i am hoping it means we can do a gencon pickup and save shipping costs :)
@lance codarin: yep, that's the spirit! if you can make them think you're playing a loki strategy, you can easily crush them in battle. then when they go for the revenge, you play loki and benefit from it. the trick is to get your bluffing timing right.
@thiago or if you are going for the pure god strategy you should act more unpredictably! in case of loki they know i have loki but what if it's just there for bluffing purposes or backup plan?  am i actually aiming to win the battles or i will just throw the battle off? that's how the god of trickery would act :)
usually playing a strategy focused on just one god throughout the game doesn't stand a very good chance of victory. you become predictable and your opponents will adapt to what you're doing. they'll also concentrate on getting glory in other areas where you won't oppose them, and this way they stand a good chance of outrunning you. i find that a healthy mix of gods, remaining unpredictable throughout the match, is the way to go.
sorry about the typos in that last comment!  i hate typing on an ipad!
@renato thought so too at beginning but spoiler spoiler spoiler he came in the end just third with pure loki strategy and in the end won a combination of freja, tyr and odin :) i think going the pure loki route it's good for early strategy but then it's better to switch to other gods... don't know i think another gameplay video could help :)
cmon, i had a "shower revelation"!  get the rights to the iron druid characters by kevin hearne...have you got them yet?  wel, c'mon, hurry up!  okay, now you have them (took you long enough). now, you have eric create another faction do atticus and his allies, including the other druids, the dogs, eart deities specific to the regions, and even characters like coyote, who is very powerful, but you would have to be careful using him because he's bound to play tricks on atticus when he is used.  this faction is the "game-breaker" whose goals are to muck up the norse gods' mechinations and to avoid ragnorok! you could have cards with specific druid powers as a secondary action on the bottom or the faction can use them for the primary powers on the top.  other players would see the options available for the druids during the draft. i figure you guys can have this all worked out by the $225,000 sg. ;)
are comments auto-added again and again at the moment or is it just me?
i do have one concern on this ks and thats the new clause that cmon have added in the shipping section. please note that while we do our best to get you your rewards in a timely manner, you may not necessarily receive your rewards before the product makes it into distribution in your own country or before it's made available in conventions and special promotion opportunities. we hope that the special price and exclusive items you will get during the kickstarter will make up for any such possible lag. however, if this is something that is not acceptable to you, please do not back this project, and instead wait for the retail release. thank you for your understanding. that suggests that as soon as the product is ready it might end up shipping to the retailers at the same time as the ks'ers, which in some cases, e.g. with the typical eu delay would mean some retailers who order in the eu from the usa cmon warehouse will have stock in stores before ks'ers get there. it defeats the purpose of a ks if the funders of the ks are treated 2nd rate to retail customers.
cmon, thank you for making this kickstarter exclusive a cosmetic piece rather than a gameplay affecting one. continue to do this and the game will have some legs in retail. however, please do not put any game crossing miniatures in here. they serve no purpose but force people that play those games to back this one, and that just leaves a sour taste in most people's mouths.
just watched the gameplay video. loki too op please nerf! (completely joking btw)
@justin: you can add money to get more than one box. quote: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/coolminiornot/blood-rage/comments…
cmon, thank you for making this kickstarter exclusive a cosmetic piece rather than a gameplay affecting one. continue to do this and the game will have some legs in retail. however, please do not put any game crossing miniatures in here. they serve no purpose but force people that play those games to back this one, and that just leaves a sour taste in most people's mouths.
is there no way to add on games so friends and i can save on shipping?
about that dwarf: thank you! at last a proper dwarf out of norse mythology. not a d&d dwarf, but a proper viking dwarf.
thumbs up for david
i couldn't care less about zombicide stuff, or conan stuff, or any other not blood rage stuff for this game. i am here for blood rage. don't give me useless stuff for games i neither own nor play. use the resources to give me more blood rage stuff.
@jeremy - i only ask as i know they have had cross overs before and i can tell you there would be an explosion of zombicide completionists here to get those minis.... :)
sorry to shut down your idea bill.  beyond the awesomeness that this game seems to be, one of the biggest factors of me backing it is in hopes of fan made material to use these minis in conan.  so trust me, i definitely understand the want to use these awesome models elsewhere.  i just think it's going to have to be (and should be) a pnp of fan material :)
yes, the cards in the game are the same size as zombicide cards. they have to be small due to how they interact with the guild dashboard. standard-size cards would create a very cumbersome play area.
have the possibility to buy stuff of other games in the pledge manager --> why not as a possibility for who wants to spend cash having useless stuff of other games as sg --> hell no
@jeremy; i agree. no zombicide stuff here. i would like to see some add ons, but getting other games (that have nothing to do with vikings) into this is not the way to do it. :)
also - please consider card stock in your stretch goals. games with robust card-stock are getting so rare these days, and those that feature resilient cards stand out. and cards will be a big part of this game.
@bill: i agree with jeremy bedwell. i don`t own zombicide and don`t plan on getting it. so this stuff would be wasted on me and i would be tempted to make a profit by selling it on ebay.
it really wouldn't though... as the cards would be worthless without the models and the game would be worthless without the models... so really, zombicide stuff would just get tossed in the trash.  think of the environment!  it is worth more glory if it's a green area during ragnarok than a trash heap!
@thiago aranha is there any plans for this to be "brazilian friendly" so we can get chaper shipping, faster delivery, less importing fees, etc since well... you are clearly a brazilian guy, could you help out your fellow comrades?
ah, but jeremy it would then help finance your pledge :)
proud is maybe a wrong word. but he felt a bit bad about it. :)
adding zombicide stuff to a non zombicide game seems like a waste.  not everyone owns that game so that stuff would be a waste for us and would only encourage ebaying.
going to make my dad proud. as i said before, asked him to get an early bird for me and he was like 3 seconds too late. now i got one. i need to thank someone!
@agreave - thiago is an employee of cmon if i recall and is a voice of reason. :)
@all, thanks for the heads-up re thiago :)
i for one would love a second set of all the minis in a separate color scheme... this would allow wonderful things like using them in other games. i would also love a set of zombicide survivor cards for each of the different sculpts (including special weapon cards like a spear... hmmm spear) spear no noise cannot open doors range 0-1 dice 2 to hit 4+ damage 2
i am delighted you seem to be avoiding bloat in your stretch goals; please don't cave! if you really want to make a european (uk) backer happy, i would urge you to direct your growing leeway towards keeping shipping costs as low as possible. i would much rather low shipping than a pile of unnecessary plastic.
i think they are on the size of zombicide cards really...
maybe this has been asked, but what size are the cards?  in the play through video, they look to be closer to arkham horror sized cards.  if they are, i really hope one of the sg is to change them to full sized cards.
thiago is basically the voice of cmon and the person to which ask anything game related (or with whom joke about anything when is in the chat really :) )
@agreave  short answer he works with cmon.  long answer see the quote. . "for those who don't know me, i'm a producer at cmon, and i'm proud to have been part of the development of this awesome game! i'll be your guide through this epic journey, so if you have any questions, suggestions, gripes or some good jokes to share, i'm here for you! mar 2 2015 on blood rage"
@thiago, sorry if this has been asked-but are you the "creator"?
@remy van vliet - why are you saying that? they choose to stop giving things because more things implied failing the time schedule. we still backed it. look at all miniatures games out there that failed  for months, some by a year or more. the choose to deliver us on time instead of having more profits. that's hard for a company that lives on profits but that pretty high for me as a costumer. that's why i backed it up.
keep in mind that this is a pretty big token. the base diamater is 2.5 centimeters wide.
well i'll just say something factual. the sgs here are way under what cmon usualy deliver in their big kickstarter : zombicide, arcadia ... the minis look awesome, but the bonus, i mean 1 plastic token when arcadia gave us 12 for almost the same strech ... what is next? 4 plastic rage tokens, then 4 glory tokens ... when i saw the minis and, the awesome base game monsters, i expected some kickass monster sg ... not the small little dwarf we got, what at least the alternate sculpts are really well done even if it's not extra minis (don't mind that much as i love alternative sculpts) but one plastic token ... meh ... either way as people said, if we don't like, we can always just back out and get it at release. cheers,
@paulo nothing to apologize i was agreeing with you!
good exclusive sg for this kind go game are in my opinion foiled summon cards (or why not the most powerful god interventions cards), monsters not included in the retail game (like wolf man), 3d tokens to replace the square tokens, ragnarok tiles, better first player token so basically i think the sg should focus on enhancing the retail game transforming it into a "deluxe" kind of thing, that only backers of ks can get for free and that later are sold at a price for everyone out there that didn't back it
@paulo: there's a reason why trickerion only got $285k, this ks will probably do 3x-4x as well, if past performances are any indication.
maybe i was a bit too harsh with my words. i don't mean to attack anyone. i'm new to board games and kickstarter for that matter. probably, after my first kickstarter (conan) i was a bit spoiled and expect something from others. for that,  @lance codarin and @julian i apologize. okay, i only ask one thing. solo ruleset, and lets be true, i am already a backer so, no matter what they throw at me (or not) i am going for the ride...  :)
i'd love to see a solo ruleset, although i think it would be quite difficult to implement in such a type of "high interaction" game. for what concerns the sg... well, i pre-ordered this game, here. every added thing is a welcome plus. of course, i'd be quite glad to see more cards, more miniatures, and so on. but hey, it's less than a day we're in... let's wait and see.
i think we should put this whole sg thing in context: exploding kittens, after making more then 8 million dollars on ks demanded a picture of 8 spidermen in a kayak for the sgs, and then the sg was "something awesome we can't wait for you to see". so a saga token sounds awesome. and like i said - i don't want anything that unbalances the game, or brakes it. cosmetic sgs are the best.
@paulo and anyone else suggesting we are investing in them.  whatever you think about whether cmon should be doing ks is another matter. in accounting terms you will not appear as an investor with a stake appearing as an equity/liability. at best you are pre-ordering and appearing as a liability in terms of a cutomer deposit awaiting goods/services. once completed that's it. you may be investing in your hobby in terms of the assets you will eventually accrue.  whether those physical items are worth the investment is a personal decision.
@paulo i think it's success it's bound to the not so overused theme... how many games are out there that recalls magician having to perform tricks emulating "the prestige" kind of feel? right now the most overused theme is zombie invasion and space colonization so having something different it's good once in a while!  regarding myself i was waiting for a true norse mythology- ragnarok theme with minis and seeing cmon doing it nonetheless was a plus! and on top of that they are taking the smog approach which is the one and only campaign i regret not having backed! so another plus!  this is clearly a project aimed at people like me that doesn't want to invest a capital in a game just to resell the exclusives on ebay to profit
@michael, good response. :d thumbs up. :)
ah, look at trickerion, they made some stretch goals then stopped. and it got backed with 250k. more 200k than the objective
@andrew ramseyer: yeah, i suppose such a variant would be feasible.
i agree with people asking for both solo and more player count... i think reaching a point with 5 players could be good (six i think it's pushing it too much)... expanding it in the other direction though it's a genius thing to do (a solo ai deck like in zombicide s3 or since it's using drafting mechanic a similar idea that takes account of that) i agree with sweazay...  till know it's just complaints because " no add ons, not lots of ks exclusives, where's the update" and what i hear is only " bwahhh bwah bwahh" seriously people calm down and just enjoy something different for once!
@michael, i agree partly in what you said. but, i don't agree with something. yes, i am pre-ordering something because they cannot do it by themselves? they don't have the money? probably coolmintornot is not the case. they have the money, but instead they want to be sure that we are buying or else they would make 10000 copies of the game and probably only half would be sold. this way every copy they make it's sold. then, with the profits (yes, they do have profits), they make a new batch and sell to retails and conventions. now, if you are talking about a new company that wouldn't had the means to do it - then it's a different story. either way, we are investing, we are pre-ordering, we are giving them something so they can have profits and at the same time giving us the money. probably, the art on the cover 100 posts in the beginning, or the stretch goals on the minute it's a bit ridiculous, but conan made that and most people who are here backed up conan, so... it's a comparasion. we are agreeing of disagreeing. i see kickstarter, to have something new and different. maybe not kickstarter exclusives, as you or other people said, that sell on ebay at a higher rate - my opinion? don't go there. in either retail or here they give you a complete game. here has exclusives. you were in the beginning. you gave them the means to publish the game. people, this is a business. if you look at the edge (another miniature game that is currently on kickstarter) - it's their first project and they don't have the means to start from scratch so they use kickstarter and rewarding us with something because with that in mind they will triumph. they will earn money and maybe next time they will do it on their own. bah... i ramble ramble but everyone gets to have their own opinion.  in the pledge if you think their offer is good or not... isn't that the case? but, i bet that 200 miniatures on conan sure help them achieve 3 million dollars (the same with bones and zombicide...)
@danowka: of course they are insane, otherwise they wouldn't be in the mini/gameing business, there are more profitable ways to make money... ;-)
michael sweaszey - second comment down: spot on!
hey - get real... i'd much rather they offered useful little stretch goal components like a token rather than get over-ambitious offering items that might:  - compromise production and delivery times  - threaten their business case for building the game,
@adam, point well-taken.  it wasn't so much an attempt to belittle the opinions as much as responding to some of the, for lack of a better word, outrage we see in some of the posts.  it was meant purely to maybe put some of that into perspective.
srsly? a token? exclusive? are you insane? come on, cmon, you can do better!
@michael i agree... investment: i do not think that word means what you think it means....
and good morning btw, i haven't went to sleep yet, i figure i'll have time to sleep in valhalla
since your here cmon is a 5 player variant even feasible?
good morning everybody. turns out, even vikings gotta sleep. but all is well, and the saga continues!
@michael, thumbs down from me. people are allowed to comment how they like, and we are allowed to disagree with them accordingly. i see no reason to belittle their comments, which can be just as valid, even if it doesn't bother me personally.
@michael i agree completely, i feel i already have my $75 investment
@michael sweazey: thumbs up for your post. seriously.
yeah, 5 players is typically the sweet spot for my groups too. i almost never play games solo, so not too fussed about that, but if there's a chance both stretch goals could happen, i wouldn't be complaining. :p
i would hate to be the company rep who monitors these ks comments: waah!  the early bird level filled up before i could get into it!  i had to spend $5 extra!  they owed me that!! waah!  the (entirely fictional) dwarf doesn't look like a real dwarf! waah!  they are using stretch goals to flesh out the game rather than to give me bragging rights or something i can scalp on ebay!  (the only way this is an "investment". otherwise it's buying a freaking game!) waah!  they weren't awake at 3am to update the sg so i could complain about the next one too! please pardon the sarcasm (it was meant purely to put some major complaints into perspective, not to be offensive), but we gamers sure seem an entitled lot.  should established companies use ks to defray their own costs to produce a product?  that's a legitimate debate to be held, imo, outside the actual ks project itself.  in the meantime, if the game is interesting enough to back, great!  if you don't like the direction the company is taking, then don't!  at the end of the day, it's a game!
the saga token as sg???
i would also love a double sided board that goes to 5 or even 6 players.
okay point taken. if 5 or 6 demand new miniatures, and probably that won't happen, what about a solo-player game? most of times, i play games solo. could this game be played solo? so, far, for what i read it cannot... maybe that would be nice adition. there are many who don't enter this and other miniatures games because of 2 player requisite.
same here; 4 players only games gets played a lot less than the ones for 5.
agree with the 5~6 players gameplay. for our tabletop group is very hard to find ourselves with just 4 people.
i really like the new sg. it will add to the falvour of the game!
and teh next sg is revealed. 190k, ne sculpetd saga token.
+1 for 5 (or 6) players and a different board on the back of the current, or even a smaller expansion board with nifelheim, helheim etc as territories - that you can fight over and cross to and from in some new way, when +4 players.
@gregor, well met again! lol :)
i can dream :)
maybe a 5-6 player board on the reverse of the current board, with additional provinces, would be possible. though i'm not sure that guillotine would want to make another two full ranges of minis, so we may be stuck with 4 players max.
wow sorry for the grammar, i blame my so called "smart phone"
may be going out on a limb here but is there a possibility of unlocking a way to play with 5,6, or maybe 8 players? not sure how much that'd change the game but if it's possible i'd love the $**t out of it. and i'm happy with the stretch goals so far. and i also like the idea if upgrading the chit to being plastic or maybe some kind of cool miniatures that look like what it represents.
yup, there are still some blood stains on the side of my ox cart! :)
alexis: sure, but i`d like to avoid the conon-ks-comment trolls. alex and agreave know who i mean. :d
for $75 i am more than happy with what we have so far, 1 exclusive mini, 3 new monster minis and new sculpts for 50% of each clams warriors, seems like the stretch goals have been fantastic so far.
@gregor: oh, come on! those conan and blood rage minis are just screaming for a cross-game mash-up!
then let us concentrate on those sea serpent!
funny how people give their own definition to "stretch goals". i never opened up a dictionary or a page on kickstarter which said: *stretch goal* = a free kickstarter miniature. =) and then complain that these are not "real" stretch goals. there are even projects who use stretch goals for new add ons. that is how creators decide to run a project. of course you can say if you agree with it or not, but they are still "real" stretch goals. @mustafa; we could also wait till we wait $185k. then we will see 2 things right? :p if the gap didn't increase that is.
lets hope cimmerian trolls don`t prosper in midgard. :d
hi gregor: where there is a troll to crush we meet! great to meet you again!
@alexander & agreave: i am nowhere safe from you. :d well met!
@paulo: your not investing anything, you purchasing a game at preorder. the risk is that the company folds before release, the same problem with every preorder. the chances that cmon folds are pretty darned low, that's why there are so many folks willing to shovel over money to them. ks exclusives creates a demand for them because folks won't be able to get them outside of the ks. extra free stuff at stretch goals gives more value for the ks, enticing more people to pledge. the upgrading of components is the same. many folks want more variety in the minis, because they see them as miniatures instead of boardgame pieces. doing many ks exclusives is counter productive because cmon can't use those molds/designs again for general sale, so you need a balance between exclusives and non-exclusives. many a ks runs successfully without free stretch goals...
need that update before we hit 185,000
@agreave: gosh, i forgott the biscuits. maybe i can manage to through some breadcrumbs?
@alexander, as long as you have biscuits we are set! :)
@agreave: we were able to fight them in the past. and my stock of smoked troll tongue is low. so i am open for all volunteers!
the stretch goals are not really stretch goals. there are no new miniatures but different shapes or something like that. that's not really a stretch goal per se. about kickstarter exclusives - why people say that they shouldn't exist is beyond my compreenhsion. you are backing something, with your money! do you know what an investment is? is giving something and expecting something in return. it may happen something and your money is gone! you are an investor. if not for the exclusives, why not wait one year and buy it in a retail shop? if you say, you are giving the opportunity to make this game come true. and my question is... what happened before kickstarter? they sold their rights to some company that produce the game. they risk their money. now, they are risking their, less of course, and we all are risking ours. they should give us something for our investment. that's my opinion, of course. probably a bit harsh, but mine alone.
@alexander, i actually thought of you when i saw that- lol. hope we don't get the other sort! ;)
@agreave: the minis are my doom!. the troll figure catches me. first i hesitated, but then i saw this troll. you know with all my troll hunting experiences i just could not resist!
@steve liu  this game does not need any dice... but hey you are an expert! :-)
@alexander, to you too!  have to say the look of the minis really got me for this-that's just how i imagine a frost giant to be :)
@agreave: hail to you swordbrother! nice to see your colours again!
game is 90% completed...so, maybe the next stretch goal is add 1 dices for 200k and then add 2x dices for 220k, and another dices...and another?... lol.
@alexander, well met-i saw your cart across the field! :)
it is slowing down...dramatically!!! we need to know more stretch goals in advance in the future....
@david "firefly for s4!" cox: +1
@zedsdead:  although i will probably not get around to painting them any time soon, i prefer the grey plastic with coloured base disc approach.  coloured plastic masks the detail too much even if you don't plan on painting them.
@kaloyan zehirev thought they had some italian dude in on this campaign...
wonder if we will have blown through another sg before this one is posted?
hopefully its at 185k, followed by 200k.  hoping for a couple more "cheap" sg's before the gap starts increasing.
@efty it's currently 05:39 am on the east coast, so i'm guessing it'll be another couple of hours until the next sg is revealed.
we're 8k over the last stretch goal. where's the next update, folks?
i'd like to see coloured plastic, red, blue, etc. for the clan figures. the uniform beige is a bit boring. keep the grey for the monsters and their coloured bases. and how about laser cut plastic organisers for the 3 clan stats?
adding my voice to the "happy with no exclusives" camp. seeing no exclusives here makes me very pleased, because the point of a game is to have fun sharing time together. the point of ebay scalpers is to try to wring money from people and the rarer the thing the more money to wring. sharing the fun means everyone can get access to all gameplay-related content, meaning no exclusives. i do love stretch goals, and i love getting free stuff, so do add lots of sgs and freebies for us! make them available for retail as separate purchases or whatever though. excellent exclusive sgs would be upgraded components, like better card stock and plastic score markers etc, and i agree with some other posters that these initial sgs are a bit bullshit fillers though - there's no way the alternative sculpts weren't going to be part of it. bring us additional factions as free sgs (and make them for-pay expansions for retail)!
or maybe a zombicide 6 figure blood rage box with cosplayer/larping/reenactment survivors? doesn't have to be exclusive. odin, a guy dressed up as a frost giant, a walkure, a common viking, loki, ...
nice one dan! xd but who says i'm not worthy of it? :p
@lance: mjolnir might make shipping difficult - no-one would be able to lift the box...
@monsieurkaze in valhalla.
now to cover all the remaining mythological beasts we have to see: jormundur (the serpent may already represent him though) fenrir (the one who kills odin) skoll and hati (the wolves that swallows the sun and the moon) nidhug (the dragon that feeds on the corpses in the battlefield during ragnarok)... on the other hand i think we could benefit for some legendary weapons such as mjollnir and gungnir to up the strength of the leader (only the leader can equip it)
where's the new sg?
@david "firefly for s4!" cox a small plastic trinking horn as first player token is a great idea ^^.
purely as a small first player token :).  any consumption of the old war brew is at the player's discretion and should be done using a trophy taken from a fallen enemy.
and more dark elves!
@david "firefly for s4!" cox drinking horn made of plastic? that is much worse as a real drinking horn.
add-on: viking reenactment zombicide exclusive survivors as wrath of kings. to team up with the cosplayers. ;-)
anyway, i like the idea of a small plastic drinking horn token.  i didn't realise you got a 3d skull in toxic city mall until i opened the box, it was a nice surprise :).
squirrels live in holes, let's not go there...
a trinking horn is a very bad idea.  1) it is a natural product. all will look different. 2) they are kind of expensive and a waste of money for this ks because they have nothing to do with the game itself. 3) if you want a trinkinghorn just go an buy one (or at least 4 to make a complete set for the game).
ratatoskr gloy marker... i`d like that. :d
ratatosk = a little squirrel living on the yggdrasyl btw
that drinking horn would be awesome. otherwise: ratatosk glory marker. pretty please.
@creator - please upgrade the glory (score) markers. they are terrible in dogs of war which is otherwise a great game, and it is such a shame to see something like this overlooked in what is obviously intended to be stellar tactile and visually striking components. thank you.
some nicer miniatures for the ragnarok tokens; a skull helmet, an axe etc would be a nice touch. the fenris wolf is a no-brainer, it should be coming soon or perhaps as the final stretch. also a fifth clan. and an option of having colored minatures from start (red, blue, green etc) - the grey ones are too bland for us who dont paint. it does remind me of midgard, but i am not the first to spot that connection.
me thinks buy two.....but me thinks after watching video......i here for just the minis.....
hope the new sg is more monsters.....
@keith:  as the rules were in alpha it is possible it had changed from one to the other, no idea which way though.
quick question in the video when yggdrasil is pillaged the victor chose his reward but the rules draft says increase all stats. was it just an error in the video or is the book in correct?
they say 60-90 minutes
is there an estimated playing time for this game?
time to get the old ox cart ready again. this game finds the weak spot of my armour again, even aftermy suffering by the costs for conan.
@matthew federico: [quote]"so what will they do? they will probably not even buy the game at all, or they might buy it off of someone on ebay. i know that's what i did with myth, and i wasn't alone."[/quote] i am one of those people. ;) if i missed out on too much nice goodies i won't buy the game at retail. it is just a deal i made with myself (mostly to save some money ;) ).
it also does no real harm. cmon has made kickstarter into a business. they have made great money doing it. i've backed there projects for a long time. with all that said its a business , a preorder business, mabye that's not the point of kickstarter but its how cmon uses it. it's also why many of us are here. does anyone really think we'd pay 6 months early without stretch goals? the first batch were rather transparently things that were already in the game. next it will be item cards ( already in the game) then quality upgrades( already in the game and so on... so i'm in it for the business so are cmon ...
i would love to see at least a big box expansion...
i am also not a fan of exclusives; it just makes the game less attractive later in retail, and it's simply unfair for new players looking to get the game. this is why i love lvl99 - they have no exclusives, you just get to help the game get made. also, this game feels so contained and tightly balanced, and i don't want anything more to get into it as anything other then a full-fledged, fully tested expansion. the wolfman figure, for instance, looks like it could seriously unbalance the game (by changing the value of all the other monsters), and i'm not sure i'd even want to play with it. same for other things - who knows what other over powered monsters they'll add in - do we really need that? all in all, i'd rather just buy the game for 75$ + shipping, and maybe get a few more alternate models. no need for more than that. i would love to see whole new clans, and more female warriors - my gf always goes for female characters, and the more are in a game, the better. another female clan would be great, so she'll have a choice.
they should have known, we would have unlocked more sgs and they should put two or 3 more for the night. if people do not see stretch goals, they won't be backing...
well, it is very late (or early) in georgia right now.  stretch goals will come soon enough.
@ ryan: don't be an ass. it does you no favors. @ lou: they said on fb that you cannot buy the miniatures separate.
what's the hold up on the update ? can't decide what already existing feature to pretend is a stretch goal next?
@lou: probably not.
hello, i don't know if this has been brought up but, can i get any of these minis separately? i really just want the monsters.
i love exclussive stuff, i kinda feel like thats one of the selling points of kickstarter games.
i'm all for add-ons, except where it feels like the items were already intended for the game, but someone decided we can hold those out and nickel and dime people....  not naming any other games currently on ks.... besides, i wouldn't know who i'm gonna call about that.... i'm also good with exclusive bits, but exclusive to a point... make them free/reward/bonus items for breaking goals, but don't banish them to the hands of mercenaries of ebay.  bring them out at a later time, in a special set/expansion - or make them available at conventions, tournaments, facebook contests, etc....
i'm very curious to see where the stretch goals for this game go.  its a bit of a cross between cmon's miniature-focussed games (zombicide, etc) and their self-contained ones (dogs of war, smog, etc). hope to see some things that add to both gameplay and eye candy.  am i too greedy?
as for add-ons - i am sure we'll see some, but not a lot. i expect this campaign to be much alike world of smog.
@gregor: stretch goals are incentives to back because they add value for money.  they don't need to be exclusives. that said, i am all in favour of a few exclusives because some people will buy them for resale - which pushes the funding total up, unlocking additional content for all of us.
@grian - cmon could well have skipped these 'false' stretch goals, and instead set funding to 155k. it would have worked out the same - but it would have been less engaging for the funders. people get more excited this way. more fun = more backers = more money for cmon = a successful project = more support for the game later = better value for our money = we want to buy more stuff for the game = more money for cmon = even more support = the circle goes on. tl;dr - it is good for business. good business is good for customers as well as company.
because we are getting it at a discount. backers of kingdom death: monster got more than $100 saving off of the base game. and i never said stretch goals are bad - i said exclusives are.
@matthew federico i do not agree. this game was finished at the beginning of the ks and does not need to be placed here at all. they could just release it to the retail market. so the only reason for prepaying it here is for the extra free and exclusive content.
@matthew federico: i tend to disagree. stretch goals are incentives to back this project. if you can get the complete deal on retail, why should you back now?
guillotine, i know plenty of people here are criticizing you for the lack of ks exclusives. but i am asking you to stay the course. exclusives are just unfair to those that miss out on the limited time window. they will see the game, see some cool looking mini and ask "oh cool, how do i get this?" and then get told that they will get an incomplete package for being the sinner of not being being a backer. so what will they do? they will probably not even buy the game at all, or they might buy it off of someone on ebay. i know that's what i did with myth, and i wasn't alone. it is good to reward your backers, but we are already getting an awesome deal. we are getting all these materials for a discounted price than what retailers will get. keep your exclusives to an absolute minimum.
that`s why it is called mugging, not horning. ;-)
kevin: a mug that shatters in somebodys face works just fine. :d
jobra +1
not useless. have you ever tried to stab someone with a mug? you have to break it first. horn's the way to go.
add-on drinking horn!  thats awesome. could actually work.  not in plastic, mind you...
one more pledge
very excited to see the next sg after this one ends, alt sculpts look amazing but the last few have been predictable. i honestly can't wait to play this game.
drinking horn, the most useless piece of drinking equipment ever (and historically total bullshit. :d ).
perhaps they could do an add-on drinking horn so we can quaff mead while playing? would need waterproof boards and cards stretch goals first of course.
did you say one or two hundred... yeah... that sounds about right for me. thanks... night nite chaps!
@ bradley bellamy - exactly brad... exactly...
@grian i really have to agree with some of the guys here, all you are doing is spamming the comment section and ruining the mood for the rest of us. if you want to express you own dissatisfaction with the stretchgoals (which are fine by me regarding the pledge level cost) then at least try spacing it out a bit. it hasn't even been 12 hours yet and you probably have the most comments per person.. how about max one or two angry comments each day? does that work for you?
heck it'll be over in about a week. night grian.
well... off to sleep i go... looking forward to see what awesome stretch goals await us tomorrow... maybe this ks project will really start in a week or so. we shall see! good night!
@ bradley bellamy - thanks for the 32mm sizes of the hummies!
...at a time!*
@ bradley bellamy - lol... i guess your right... but at least they moved forward with more content... even if they were piecing it out one increment and a time!
i hope the will be ks exclusive sgs or at least items that are not included in the retail version. those are the only reason for backing this game. it will hit the retail market for sure and there i can get the game in my native language for the same price. but i'm fine with those alternate sculps sgs in the beginning.
@grian - thiago said the humans are 32mm with the monsters at varying degrees of scale to that.
really, grian? this is exactly what i remember from the zcide campaign. "here's some cool minis, our next stretch goal is the cards to actually use the mini" or "in 100k you can unlock the zombivor the the paid promo add-on"
ps: nice video! i really like the gameplay!
this is going well! the alt sculpts are almost done! perfect! i hope we get some upgraded material: like tokens, boards and marker. let's see where this goes!
does anyone even know what mm these figures are set in? are they 22mm... 28mm... for the smallest average figure?
almost at this goal then we can see where it goes from there. fenrir? jormungen?
honestly... i have never seen cmon ks project go this way... half butt backwards with their stretch goals! i don't understand it... maybe they do have a plan but these weak stretch goals have got to stop!
maybe give it abit more time to that then ;)
@ gregor mascher - if i didn't care i would wait for retail... right?
that said, this is only the third campaign of theirs i have backed, so i don't know if that's typical.
isn't that why everyone is here? if it weren't for the extra stuff we could pick these games up at retail. probably at a discount.
@ gregor mascher - i'm here for it all baby! i want that blood rage box to bulk up! i love additional content and exclusives!
rum & bones, for example issued a new deck to backers to accommodate an alternate play style suggested during the campaign, as well as issuing a curtain-call, post final stretch goal during the last 20 minutes of the campaign because backers demanded one.
so, basically, you`re here for the additional stuff, not for the game itself? *playing the devils advocate here*
having only back zombicide season 2 and 3. yeah there were a couple of promo survivors that may have been influenced backer suggestion. and that tool girl artist box survivors back story. but those didn't really impact anything with the game.
@ gregor mascher - i am a backer... that's why i'm here... i just wish cmon would have transparent stretch goals even if spacing them out to 25k intervals or even 50k and not stretch out these meaningless stretch goals.
in short, yes.
have there been many, if any, cmon projects have taken any real consideration to backer suggestions?
@ vadim deylgat - "cmon will have a clear plan of what they set as stretch goals and possible exclusives." this cmon project is starting to feel much like a pre-order. 90% done and ready to manufacture = no real backer suggestions that can better the game. which means not much change can happen here = pre-order...yuck!
@grian: somehow, you come across as a greedy pre-orderer, not as a backer.
@ cmon - please "be respectful and considerate" with your stretch goals. thanks.
@ tim van der weyden - sorry... i miss understood your comment :)
so a bit of a gamble this for me.  guillotine really delivered on the quality of their kickstarter miniatures while mcvey's were a disaster requiring a refund.  what guarantees do we have this time that the miniatures will have better quality control.  i don't want any shrunken miniatures this time please.
hopefully if they diversify the warriors with alternate sculpts again one sg will cover it. that was the way it was done in wrath of kings.
hopefully if they diversify the warriors again one sg will cover it.
@grian; what are you talking about no to me? you are absolutely not replying to my message. i only mentioned that ross might be talking about the $100k gaps. i wasn't even talking about "real" sg's.
@pressureman, i'm in your line of thinking, i don't mind the early stretch goals, helps to get to know the components one step at a time instead of setting the bar at 150k for initial funding. @grian. cmon will have a clear plan of what they set as stretch goals and possible exclusives. complaining about it will not make a big difference. your posts do however sour the mood for me somewhat, so i would appreciate if you adhere to the notice under the comment box "be respectful and considerate". if this campaign does not deliver the quality or quantity you expect, just move along to another project that does suit your expectations.
besides that, i don't agree that it was a bad move to give the alternative models as sg. they could also have priced the game $100 or more and give us the alternative sculpts immediately, probably would have had a higher funding level as well, so not much other stretch goals reached. now we get the game for $70/$75. i take this setup over the other. =) @efty; they have colored bases. best move for people who want to paint the mini's and don't want to be "pushed" in some color theme they don't like. =) there are not only gamers here, also painters, so colored bases is best for both.
no tim van der weyden... its happening right now with this ks project!!! we haven't had a real stretch goal and cmon know it... so the only thing right now that is exclusive is wolfman... so i subtracted the 50k for its funding from the current amount and it way over 116k they have made for only one exclusive that won't be in the retail base game... pathetic... way to suck up $ and nothing to show for it!
one thing i don't understand - why are the clan figures the same colour instead of being cast in coloured plastic like chaos in the old world?
@grian; i think ross is talking about the $100k gaps in the end of ks projects. ;)
... talk about a backwards ks project start... or end i suppose?
your wrong ross byczek... its already over 100k from their 50k goal for just one stinking puny wolf exclusive!
the current stretch goals are filler so we have something to work towards early on - they're pretty standard for most minis-based games. the good stuff will start after this sg.  also note: these are $15k stretch goals, so it's not like they're $100k end-of-the-campaign goals...hang in there. ;)
@ cmon - let's do the math... you just made over 116k for only one exclusive mini (wolfman). this all happened on the first day! all your other stretch goals accomplished don't mean anything as, again, they were originally intended to be included in the base game before this ks even started. so... this is the first cmon ks where you have made lots of money upfront (usually at the end of ks project where you a 100k separation of stretch goal increments) from the backers with nothing to really show for in this game! very bad move!
nice to see the alts are almost out of the way.  i could be wrong but didn't it say on facebook this would be a short ks as most of the work is almost done and it very much a self contained product at this stage.  i have no problem with companies using ks to fund initial production runs and gauge popularity if it means some/lots of extra goodies and *maybe* a saving over retail.  i imagine they are using alts as initial sgs because there will be a high number of initial backers anyway, then they can use the good stuff as a boost with bigger steps to keep momentum.
tbh, i am not really sold on these "stretch goals" neither. they just don`t feel like real stretch goals, but instead as something that would be included in every case.
@ alexander ott - you mean: frour words give us some exclusives
i like the early stretch goals.  this way i get to see and appreciate each new piece of art and each new miniature, one at a time.  it's way better than setting the initial funding goal at 200k and just including everything in the initial reveal :) besides, meeting the funding goal quickly gets us into the kicktraq and kickspy hotlists quickly, which is a good way of announcing "new project, come back me" to the kickstarter community in general.
true words give us some exclusives
considering the estimated release date, would an essen pickup be a possibility?
what i wish for: real stretch goals!!!
@ cmon - stop with these alt sculpts as they are boring and your game should have already included these. all of these stretch goals accomplished so far are fake stretch goals... guaranteed already included in the game from the start. you think we are all dumb or something? wow... using smoke and mirrors i see... the wool won't be pulled over my eyes! stop messing around with these lame stretch goals and bring out appropriately better/true stretch goals!
i think it would be cool if as a stretch goal we got new clans.... that would be awesome.
what i wish for stretch goals: - bigger ship minis - new quest and other cards - dire wolf monster  - sculpted ragnarok markers, that would be so cool
wow, just picked up an eb.  that was surprising...
as said earlier, looks like some of the same people for conan and rum & bones. glad that some games have a chance of having miniatures that could possibly crossover. it can be a selling point. one reason why i jumped in for this!
@thiago are you guys going to be at pax east to show case the game at all?
well, i've stayed up too late again.  good night.
@josh - exactly.  it's not a bad idea.  i'm surprised that more creators haven't started doing it.  although i suppose it helps to have a name like cmon that causes your project to fund in 3 minutes.
@ don i guess it just means my money goes faster. : )
@josh - cmon has been doing several of their latest ones on shorter schedules like this.  i think they realized that the beginning and the end have the most backing, so why bother with the boring middle part.
just curious. anyone know why this is only 15 day kickstarter? i usually see 20 to 30 days?
wow these are some super fake stretch goals. what next 250k and the game will come in a box? 300k the box will have the games name on it?
best thing about backing a cmon kickstarter on the first day is that you can wake up the next morning, check your e-mail, and see something like twelve stretch goal updates.
please plastic or resin tokens as sg. thanks
for what?  to have more minis that have no purpose in the game!
i would prefer these alt sculpts to be in addition to, not replacing.
@don: thanks don
@mikademus: i like the sound of that.  i was just curious :)
@frank - bet on it.  right now they're just doing all of their "get it into retail" sgs.  the exclusives will come.
very happy about the lack of exclusives! keep it up and keep letting everyone get all the contents and be able to share the fun of the complete game! feel free to give us freebies non-backers have to pay for though :)
why do you hate me cmon? :(
will there be more kickstarter exclusives as we go on or only the wolfman?
sue weet !  doubled ! thanx ! (,;,,;,)
yes, you can double your pledge to get two full ragnarok pledges.
@matthew - yes.  it's already been confirmed.
+ 10000 for add-ons of the minis
yo ! i'm trying to give you more money !  so if i pledge $150 do i get 2 copies of the game with all stretch goals for each copy ?
@bill - ooh.  there's an idea.  we can have add-ons of all of the various minis.  completely unnecessary for those who just want the game, but the mini fanatics can pay for the sgs!  although it might just be cheaper to get a 2nd copy of the game just for minis.
i like the alternate sculpts... but since i probably wont be playing the game but using minis for other games and rpgs...i wish the new sculpts were on top of instead of in place of the existing sculpts... i would like an extra frost giant or two as well...
yeah, glad they got these "stretch goals" out of the way so early
im glad my mistype is remaining a joke. this is awesome.
hopefully, we'll get all of this alt sculpt nonsense out of the way on the first day.
foals, fowls...they're all foul!
wait, i thought we were stretching foals.
stretch the fouls!!!!
bear clan next then we get to see what other fun stuff we can unlock
more animal cruelty with this fourth foul sg.
boom!!
$170k bears imminent...
this is a cmon project, there are always add-ons. :p
we almost have our serpent clan....
no add-ons would be a very bold strategy imho.... i kinda hope it's true
nearly to the sg! $100 on the next one being clan (ghost) bear alt-sculpts...
michael - no add ons is rumored but not confirmed. there's also stretch goals to add things to the game for free.
@kevin except they aren't adding anything to the game?  so what you see is what you get i'm guessing?  except for alternate sculpts of the base figures.
i look forward to seeing this project's updates. there's a lot of great potential gods, monsters, and what have you to draw from.
i am in! by odin! let's see how good this one can get. i have a good feeling.
sweet, i didn't see it in the list.
@kevin: there already is a valhalla sheet for fallen warriors in the game.
any chance of a valhalla tile for fallen warriors?
@thiago, i was in the midst of hundreds or even thousands of your countrymen a little over a month ago. i am surprised that walt disney world's world showcase does not have brazil!
pledged! couldn't resist the combination of cmon and vikings!
@will: that's why in a 2-player game, the draft is done with 2 cards at a time. so you opponent will end up with 2 cards you have no idea what they are, 2 cards you might know what they are if you paid attention, and 2 cards that you have a 50% chance of guessing right. as i said, it creates a very interesting and different strategy dynamic from the games with more players.
thiago, is there an issue in the 2 player game with knowing what cards the other player is drafting? how big of a deal is this? in a 3 or 4 player game the cards are getting passed to several players before they make it back so you never know who took what. if i pass 5 cards to the other player in a 2 player game though, i am going to know exactly what he took. is this a big deal?
thanks thiago. you answered my question, somewhat. it is just some games, like 'settlers of catan' or 'arcadia quest' are games that are not originally designed for the 2 player dynamic, although can be played with 2 players (but not much fun). - i understand more players give a different dynamic to 2 players. i just didn't know if there are elements in the game that wouldn't work in a 2 player game (like trading cant work in a game of 2 player catan, which is a crucial element to the game))
@skritter: whether it's a solid 2-player game is a matter of opinion. it works, and works very well as a 2-player game. a lot of my playtesting was done in 2-player mode (since it's quicker and easier to get such a game going) and i think it's a solid game this way. of course, like most games, it feels a bit different this way as opposed to with 3 or 4 players. the strategies flow in not quite the same way. personally, i'd say the mayhem of a full table of screaming players is more to my taste, but i've had some of my playtesters tell me they prefer the focus of the 2-player mode. but again, that's a matter of opinion, and yours may differ.
is this a solid 2 player game experience? or is it only best played with 3 and 4 players? - arcadia quest is not designed for 2 players. rum and bone at its heart is a 2 player game. - can we get a game designers position as to how this stacks up '2 player' wise. please!
@thiago may there be an artbook, illustrations, posters or anything showcasing adrian smith's work during the campaign?
@ thiago aranha - cmon - hahaha... lol my viking rage is strong thiago-son!
any chance of some optional add-ons. that sea-monster is pretty cool and i wouldn't mind having a couple of them.
@grian: i respect your viking rage (as evidenced by all the exclamation marks), but you need to spend your rage wisely, or you'll run out before the end of the age. fear not, there's more to come and this is only the first day.
grian - you should know how cmon works by now...
stop foul stretch'in!!!
these stretch goals are weak!!! they were already included!!! show me the money!!!
so there's no add-ons for this campaign! way to go guys! thanks for being kind to my wallet :)
... and please... please please... don't make more than 3 add-ons for this ks!
stop fowl stretch'in cmon!!!
@ cmon - we all know that different sculpts were already made to be included in the game guys!!! show us some exclusives that won't be in the base game!!!
@thiago foal stretching ftw!!!!!
or sleipnir!
@lance codarin: we will ship the eu rewards from the china factory to our distribution hub in germany at our expense. you'll only pay for the shipping from germany to your address, and since it will be mail from inside the eu, you won't pay import taxes.
oh and i hope that there will be a fenrir miniature somewhere in the sg!!!
i'm completely fine if there are no add ons! on her majesty service was one project i regret to not have backed at the time but was broke! i backed out from  rum & bones because of too many add ons! i'm happy that for this project (with norse mythology, one of my favorite theme out there) you are going the route of less add ons and quality over quantity! just to be sure though thiago: is this eu friendly?? i may have missed that on main page
@nic henley: there shall be no foal stretching on my watch!
@thiago why not. vikings need to pillage and stretch foals
an awesome game!
this is more like the dogs of war campaign which is fine with me.   a very good game btw
@alex c: *shakes magic 8-ball* "better not tell you now"
thiago - so it's true, no add ons?
@eric arsenault: you've come to the right place, then.
i bailed out of rum & bones; it got out of hands fast ! looking forward to a campaign similar to the world of smog: on her majesty's service i dont want this game to end up costing 400$+ more is not always better !
@nic henley: sorry, we're not stretching any foals. we may be vikings, but animal cruelty is not our style. ;-)
goals lol
keep the stretch foals coming.... so stoked
@bradley it truly is the coming of ragnarok...
one exclusive, no add-ons...subtle severed heads in the sculpts. what is going on here?!?
@grian - check out kaosball.  this one is more similar to that one.
where's all the exclusives at? this is weird! not the usual cmon kickstarter!
they are really obvious now...
and wow, i feel really silly for missing them. they're like...bam!...right there.
no donn, i missed them too.
haha i'm in the same boat as you don!
@donnbobhardy i too missed the heads... great sculpts though
what can i say?  when every third gal you pass on the street...
@donnbobhardy: you must live in a rough neighborhood. ;-)
love the way they are starting things with the stretch goals  =)
is it bad that i completely missed the dismembered heads until thiago pointed them out?
@bradley bellamy: actually, it was a reference to the couple of severed heads she has hanging from her large axe... being clever rarely works to my advantage ;-)
this has vikings in it so i couldn't get my pledge in fast enough! good to see some familiar faces here again too! did cmon say no add ons? i thought they just said that there would only be one pledge level.
i rather dislike the earlier boobs-covered-by-pigtails sculpt but am kind of into the current stretch goal.
@renato - i wouldn't bet on it, it is kickstarter :p
i assumed that's what the "don't lose your heads, guys" comment was referring to, but then i thought she does have a large axe as well. maybe they're just being clever..
oh no... i hope we don't get the typical complaints about the revealing female figure...
marvin - yep, 50 so far.
okay, so we're at +4 minis to the core box total, right? counting the wolfman? 50 total? more minis on each sg would be cooler, in terms of quantity, but swapping out half of them for a different model is pretty all right. the variety will be appreciated.
gabriel - don't get too comfortable, gaps will increase.
so stoked for this game!!!!!
after the 50k sg's in ghostbusters, i must say i'm completely in love with the spacing of the sg's here.
nice! digging the new sculpt again! $155k lets go!
@thiago thanks for the reply. can't wait to see what is in store for us all on our way to valhalla...
no add-ons would be something very different, almost broken for a cmon campaign.
@william letson: yes, you can just double your basic pledge to get another copy of the game (with all unlocked stretch goals).
we'll just have to wait and see what they have in store for us, said there will be a lot of surprises.
so i am assuming that since there are no add ons we can still apply more funds for multiple copies of the game if the desire is there?
either serpent or bear up next...
there goes the next sg! time for a new update :p
no add-ons???  i may have to stick around for this one.
no add-ons is better for the wallet. =p but yeah, it sounds weird. @donn; you have a good point. =)
thiago - thanks for the prompt reply! good to know :-)
@alex c: the size of the decks need to be adjusted depending on the number of players to ensure a balanced draft. for a 2-player game, one monster is removed from each age. if you wish to, you could customize your deck by removing a different monster than the one indicated.
what?!? a cmon kickstarter with no add-ons. that can't be right.
really? no add-ons?
jon, they said in fb they will not have any addons. however, villagers may become a pledge goal.
@araziel - i understand that, my friend. just saying this isn't part of your job and with them having to do changes this late in the game, it may drive up their costs and/or create some delays for our fulfillment. why keep going on about it when they've already said that they aren't changing it? that's my point. it's really not that bad to me, but obviously it's a point of focus for some people. the thing with ks though is that you can't make everyone happy with every part of it no matter what you do.
any chance of an add-on for a potential village mini? somewhere to store the markers or even a pillaged mini to place on the board. not sure how to work it in with the tile flipping but would be happy to pay extra for something like this � (i don't speak for others on this kickstarter, i'm happy to pay,others may not wish to)
ok, they might not be changing the typeface. but then the question is: how did it go through design and approval? the rest of the game looks smashing which makes it all but incomprehensible that proficient, professional designers would end up going with a fugly, misplaced and malfunction typeface like that :(
@tim - not at all.  but you not seeing it doesn't mean it's not there.
@donn; so i am not wrong. ;) but are you now claiming that i (and some others) may not say we don't see a problem?
no, it's like saying i can read it just fine, i don't see a problem. it's my opinion. can i not give it? anyway, i see some things are recommended for use only with 3+ players (e.g. the sea serpent). could these still be used in 2-player games? or would it unbalance things too much?
@ub3r_n3rd cmon kickstarters have exactly zero correlation between cost-of-production and stretch goals, it's a big for profit thing as opposed to some smaller kickstarters. if doing something would drive up the costs, they wouldn't do it. either way, it wouldn't affect your expense or experience. also harping on bad design is something i do because it was a big part of what i did in my previous work. to me it's pretty much like shipping out cards with spelling mistakes or the wrong art. and yes i can pull my pledge whenever, you don't need to remind me.
that's like saying, "i can see both red and green.  i don't see the problem."
@alex c; same here, don't see a problem. =)
i just had to back this :)
dunno what the problem is, i can read everything just fine. *shrugs*
@crstphr2 i don't care @renato lule of course, but it's still an annoyance. looking at a word should be instant even if you've never seen the font/game before, if it takes 1.5 seconds to interpret it's a big turn off design-wise. and it's on the map, on the card names and all over the place. lots of norse mythology names and other things that are far from as obvious as "nonsters" is to most folks, let alone casual gamers.
well, we do know that they have all the art, design, and rules already done. we don't know how much it would be to start messing with things. this could up the cost for us as backers, for retail, and cause delays. leave it alone is what i have to say. if you don't like it and it bothers you that much, go back something that you do like better. nobody forces anyone to spend money on kickstarter.
'nonsters' is an obvious one, but i'm sure there will be others where it won't be as clear. especially for people who aren't much into norse mythology.. i'm already cringing a bit at the idea of hearing someone say jotunhein...
i still don't see a problem with the font. for one, we don't know what they've already done. they could have some stuff printed already, we never know. and two, it may be a little difficult to read at first but it isn't on any crucial text. ypu can still read the abilities and i'm sure you'll learn quickly enough that you aren't fighting "nonsters".
they are not going to change the art or font.
they aren't changing the art or font.
i'd love to see an art book with high res concept art for the game. i'm sure it'll come up. cmon isn't going to leave any money on the table. :)
@efty well like i said, i made changes that also subtly changes the feel of the text, there are other ways to improve legibility besides those. our brains are really good at pattern recognition. it just takes a few pixels to go from "what the heck is that?" to an instantly recognized "m". which is coincidentally why badly legible fonts are so annoying, our brains are used to instantly recognizing text. also, editing font files is about as complicated as playing with mspaint.. me and my friends used to make our own fonts in secondary.  license, i wouldn't know about that bit. it seems strange to me to buy a license for a font without having the ability to do variations on it for your project though.
so any word on changing that hideous typeface to something (a) readable, (b) not ugly and (c) viking-ish?
hey all, glad to be on board! really looking forward to the sg's after the alternative sculpts (we'll just have to endure it) and maybe some cool add-ons? i got some spare $$$ saved for blood rage, what with all them other kickstarters up and running and still planned for 2015... tough year!
@balgin - it's pvc plastic, dust studio is the producing it.
given that the models will be plastic the bendy spear is a major concern. i couldn't find much on the front page about the type of plastic that will be used. hopefully we can get some more information on the figures before the campaign ends.
@thiago - would it be possible that when you have a stretch for an alt sculpt to show it next to the original?  i'm too lazy to click back and forth rapidly to see what's changing.
that's been my strategy lately.
@joe & don - it's better to ask for forgiveness than permission :p
@joe, i feel your pain
@peter "araziel" cruickshanks actually, while your solution does indeed improve the legibility, it also involves editing the font file, which is a bit more complicated (though not impossible, depending on the experience of the designer and if the font license allows it). it'd be much easier to just find a different, more legible font.
just backed but seeing as this is my 3rd ks backed in a month i think i shouldn't tell the wife.
are you pretty sure that all the sg without "ks exclusive" will be in the final box? because this ks don't have french version yet and he will be trad by edge after ks end. thanks
@vadim; after we have the alternative sculpts i think we will be treated to some exclusive delights. =p
i like the stretch goals so far, quite a bit less exclusives than in other campaigns, but i'm ok either way. i'm dreading the optional buys though, cmon knows how to drain my wallet.
clan wolf alt sculpt is waaaaaay better than the standard!
good evening. glad to be a part of this campaign, my 5th cmon kickstarter. i already saw some of the usual backers here: niranth, the last grimm, donnbobhardy,... anyone seen zip, is he in on this campaign or sitting one out?
all hail the bendy spear tribe! their enemies shall quake before their oddly shaped weapons!
if i pledge $150 would i get two copies of the game including stretch goals ?
get more card plz ^^ that shoud be nice
@ole ingvar stene:  that is the same estimate they always give and i expect it to be fair.  my zombicide s3 order probably ended up weighing at least three times what blood rage will (unless there is a really big surprise sg) and that cost about $27 to the uk (oct 2014 rates).
evening all , off to a great start !!
@asatru - totally agree, that's what drew me as well. game is just bonus as i may or may not play it depending on my friends and if they want to give it a shot.
the minis alone are worth the $75 they are charging for this game!  love it!
and just to be a bit constructive regarding the font, look at this: http://imgur.com/qnpcpzk which side reads easier for "monster"?  i don't like the art style of the font at all because it reads completely sci-fi to me, but i understand not wanting to change, still i'm talking simple legibility here. i'm not saying do what i did here either. there's a million ways to make text easier to read, but as an example, and all i did was 1-2 pixels in variation on the original.
not really sg just alternatives miniatures! :(
@thiago, thanks for the response, it must be the angle of the camera it just seemed small. happy with how it looks.  looking forward to see what plans you have coming for this �
another fantastic looking sculpt! can't wait to paint these figures now.
hi everyone, i just pledged and joined in!
to cmon:  thank you for offering one low cost reward option.
anyone willing to share myth expansion draft link? and ninja all stars by soda pop if you have it.  [zombicide add ons +1]
hmmm ... shipping seems a bit low. sure you want to handle all the hate you'll get for that, cmon? i personally do not care, i'm used to steep shipping, but for some folks it seems to be a surprise *every* time. of course, if you manage to keep it down, that's great!
all feedback is very much welcome (as long as it is constructive and polite).
would be cool if we could purchase as addons some previous games at a lower price, of course :)
@ub3r_n3rd they have, but it's still blowing my mind how backwards it is. i'm starting to understand exactly why i've never bought into a cmon ks before. so yes, i know, but i'm still going to bitch about them being silly every now and again :p as for the font, it's barely legible, and being text that means it's a big deal. not giving feedback is the antithesis of kickstarter to me, doesn't matter if they listen or not. besides, like it was said before, adapting a slightly more readable font with the same style does not take more than a few clicks of mouse in the art files.
@jonathan lawrance: are you referring to the board in the gameplay video? that's pretty much the size of the final board. we just had to shave off a couple of centimetres to build the prototype.
@abbyp2 - no problem :)
thanks thought as much, too many ks to choose from atm!
today i asked my dad to catch an early bird for me as i was at an information evening of the voluntary military. he was just a few seconds too late. xd too bad, guess luck doesn't run in the family. =p very excited about the game though!
@abbyp2 - only the goals that have the green "kickstarter exclusive" like that wolfman are not going to be in the box.
this time please make the plastic bases fit easier on the models. arcadia was a very tight fit and you can damage the figures. so please make sure this time its an easy snap on
are the stretch goals exclusive? or will the be in the retail box?
is the board size being made bigger or is that the actual size? thansk
is the board size being made bigger or is that the actual size? thansk
@araziel - probably to keep excitement going. everyone has differing opinions on "how" to run a ks, but we know that cmon has had some tremendously successful ones. let's just watch it go and soon enough the stretch goals will be dropping for those other clans.
as long as they don't need to buy a new font, it would only cost them a bit of time to change the font in the design files. and if they have a pro making them with styles, that should be very quick. they haven't yet started to print them. frankly it's not so much the font that bothers me, as the relatively flat web 3.0 design on some of the components clashing with the organic art of adrian smith. i can see its benefits (easier to spot things, compared chaos in the old world), but i still think i'd have liked it to be more half-way between pure art and sleek design. but yeah, at least it's not comic sans, and the game looks great, despite our pedantic observations.
you're gonna have alt sculpts for everything either way, you're not releasing the game retail with e.g two factions having two different sculpts while the other two have 8 identical minis. why is this a stretch goal for only one faction? make it a stretch goal for 60k if that's what it takes (two steel molds, come on!). still, skipping the ridiculous sum, this is just padding for no good reason at all.
yep, why whine over the font? it's cool to some of us and they already stated that they aren't changing it. if they did change it, that would be an added expense since they have a lot of the stuff done already (they stated on facebook that all the art, rules, and design are done). don't be silly and ask them to change something that would up the cost of the game as a whole for everyone.
things could always be made worse, but that's not very high standards. i won't be upset if they leave the font, but i was surprised by how bad it was when i looked at the rules and now is the only chance we get to improve the game, and that's something that's essentially free to do if they haven't printed anything yet.
it could be comic sans.
i work at a print center and i've seen hundreds of fonts. trust me, it's fine and can be much worse.
thank you.  @david "firefly for s4!" cox the edge miniatures sure look great... but 100 pounds its... bah
i tend to agree about the font - it looks good at large sizes, for rulebook headers and the like, but awful on what will likely be tiny cards. the n and m on the jotunheim quest card, for instance, look horribly much alike.
i'd like to see plastic laser cut organisers for the clan sheets to track the 3 stats as an add-on, then the corresponding tokens upgraded - like you can buy for eclipse in the 'after market'.
@paulo: this had a facebook page for months but i found out about through games related sites like tabletopgamingnews.com and beastsofwar.com (other sites do exist, they are just the two i remember to look at without delving into bookmarks).  game and figure makers fb pages would be good places for advanced news.
@ryan @bradley: i don't hate the font, but i'm not overly keen on it. it just isn't very readable.
it will be interesting to see if the myth folks offer a bundle with everything from the first and second campaigns.
@ryan, because not everyone hates the font.
yeah, seems everyone offloaded theres pretty quickly and those that stupidly waited are stuck with the enormous negative stigma of the game. i'm hoping i'll be able to get someone who missed the first campaign and now wants in on the second.
the font sucks. please change it. why not listen to your customers' concerns?
@jared roswurm - even chaos in the old world?
@donnbobhardy i would have liked to back epic dice and it didn't convince me. a pity, because i liked the art.
@donnbobhardy - i don't think it's just the minaitures. it's the art and the game itself. i wanted to like edtd but... in the end i just asked myself - "why?" and passed on it...
yesterday evening i commented that i hoped no more interesting kickstarters came up for a while. then this happened... i'm currently on thunderbirds and entropy, and my wallet is really hoping for a break soon!
@bradley i was lucky to get rid of both of my apprentice pledges. now that imperial assault has been released, there is only one dungeon crawl i'll need.
@bradley - really?  i offloaded mine pretty quickly.
meh, i'll be in for the reprinted rulebook and cards for myth and that's it. i'm still trying to off-load my apprentice pledge from that one.
it makes me a little sad that this already has twice as many backers as epic dice: tower defense.  seems like you have to have minis to get a following on ks nowadays.
@soulchief i just got that update as well. this month gets expensive... :d
@soulchief soda pop also has a kickstarter this month called ninja all-stars.
how do you all know when a kickstarter is going to begin?
i must admit i backed this for the figures and the theme but i am watching the gameplay video and it a refreshing change from everything else i have, 'niiice' (jazz club voice).
ugh myth's expansion kickstarter is next monday lol, going to be an expensive month.
i'm currently on this and thunderbirds after the conan money-bomb, and on the fence about ghostbusters.  why must you people license so many good ips at once?!?
this ks is moving quick!! can't wait to wake up in the morning to see the updates and watch the game play video
and here i go again, hi all couldn't resist this one!
@thiago, wondering why this campaign will only be 15 days long?
every lang game had pandas, i must know does this game have a hidden panda?
if they don't end up with any cards with clan specific stuff you could probably come up with a simple house rule aligning each clan with one of the gods and making specific cards more or less expensive.
@thiago i know. still, if the clans had different rules themselves, they would have more life imo. and it isn't a reason, not to back this project. i am in and i will get everything you offer us. :d it is just, well, i guess you could call it wishful thinking.
meh, kickstarters are like a drug ... just finished conan and now i've to pledge something else!
ok its bed bed time for me got to go to work and pay for this look forwaed to seeing how far it gose  night all
i am in this for the game more than the minis. eric lang's games are always great and i love chaos in the old world. with that said, these minis look awesome. very happy to be backing this.
@dagda: there was little point in having the clans themselves be asymmetrical, since after the first draft, the play styles already become strongly distinguished.
love that new sculpt, especially since instead of all 8 of the same, there's 4 and 4. very cool!
how about plastic tokens as a sg and make them exclusive please :)
nice game and nice funding. i am just a bit sad about two things. first, apparently the different clans play all the same. it would have been nice if each clan had a different special rule/ troop as well. and the game plays only with up to four players. usually my game group is five or six players strong. anyway, i am in and i hope we'll see some amazing stuff waiting to get revealed.
i hope they intersperse new stuff in with alt sculpts.  those just don't do much for me.
ahhh that sg has better detail then the other sg's, nice.
i like that the sg gap actually decreased.  don't see that very often.
woop alternate minis!
nice, i like the new warrior sculpt, can't wait to see the rest!
update hype!
new upgrade please
is this a solid 2 player game?  - or is it only best for 3 and 4 players?
i'm in this for the miniatures, so the font and language could be in ancient egyptian for all i care haha :p
@thiago, i think the minis look awesome.  :)
the minis in the game play vid are the ones you get in the game i belive . well nice
yeah, i could take or leave the font choice, just figured i'd point out it was an actual typo.
visit the blood rage facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/bloodragegame to check out some extra images and insights into the game. if you're in doubt regarding the quality of the figures, i hope our images and videos can convince you. other than that, i can only honestly say that personally these are some of the best miniatures i've ever seen in a board game.
i want to echo the font concerns - it really is not very readable.
@paul i think it is, but on the card it's spelt right. only reason is because the n looks a little different then the m. but the font should be clear enough so we don't need to stare at the word trying to figure out what it is.
it is misspelled, but it wasn't caught because the m is so terrible.
+1 paul, good to see you here!! :)
i actually think it is misspelled as wolfmam since the n in monster looks quite different.
@thiago - funny story - one of my characters i tend to roleplay is "thuran raven, lorekeeper of clan raven"....
@eli yea i agree, that font looks like "uolfmam"
+1 for a huge dire wolf  and +2 for the head of the kraken
i'm happy to say the scale of the blood rage miniatures is the same as the conan game!
@thiago - i expected it to be no on the font change, but please pass on the concern to adrian. that font is used a lot both in the manual and on the cards and it really does have poor readability. as an example i direct you to the exclusive "wolfmam" from the initial pledge graphic.
@asatru - sounds like this is 32mm scale as well, and the production quality should be the same as dust studios is producing them for both games.
how about some battle boars and wolves?
i'm hoping the miniatures from this game match the scale of the conan game miniatures, so we can use them in both games!  hopefully the styles are close as well, since adrian smith was a part of both games (love his artwork!).
bye conan expansion, hello vicking conan!
i miss michael f and michael w.
a list of potential rewards should bring in more $$$ lets see em!
@paul we better get a winged ape, otherwise we wont hit $125k! lmao.
paul - lol
@paul lol
yay eight ball!
can we get a winged ape? oh wait, wrong campaign.
those glory tokens, might be nice to upgrade them a bit
hey, a raven from the north just brought me my magic 8-ball! had been missing this thing.
@bradley - i have a few of the deadpool from the last clix set... :)
can we have a road map...or a branch of the world tree of stretch goals.......please......give us hints to the plunder way------------------------ahead.......
concerning the font, the graphic style of the game is not your traditional fantasy game style. under adrian smith's direction we went for something more striking and modern. we're very happy with his art direction and vision, and i wouldn't expect this to change.
@bill - i've seriously considered trying to add deadpool to every game i own. i think it would be hilarious to be playing like....carcassonne and all of  a sudden deadpool shows up.
get your green stuff and make that happen bill (or pull out a heroclicks and create a survivor card...).
second the idea of art prints as stretch goals!
@bradley - i too would love deadpool - in zombicide....
i love the idea of alt. sculpt warriors, being as this is cmon i'm sure we will see this (fingers crossed).
i'm hoping for better box cover art, not a fan of it. looks like a bunch of things thrown on it that don't really belong together
@zach, i'm in a few currently and it is a bit** to keep up with them all.
200% funded already, i wonder how high this kickstarter will get. i'm hoping for some kind of fenris type wolf before the project ends.
i want deadpool (only half kidding)
regarding the figure size, the normal humans are 32mm. with the monsters there's some variance (sometimes a lot).
thanks for the answers guys.
after less than 5 minutes searching here's what i'd consider a much better font in the same faux viking style: http://www.myfonts.com/fonts/scriptorium/surtur/surtur/glyphs.html  - i'm sure there are many more.
wishlisting - but i love adrian smiths artwork.  i'd love to see a print or something as a stretch goal.  just for me please :d
@joe crane: the stretch goals that say "all blood rage boxes" are things that will be added to the retail box as well. we have kickstarter exclusive rewards planned as well, but we also want this campaign to make the game itself as awesome as it can be, and popular for years to come beyond the kickstarter.
i want batman (just kidding)
an alt sculpt or two for all the warriors would be my dream stretch goal.
@niranth - howdy! saw you on the stonemaier ks too. welcome aboard.
i'm sure we'll see our share of exclusives before the end.  kaosball did this, too where they added stuff to the retail box, but they had a ton of ks exclusives as well.
@joe: i assume it's going to retail too, since it's not specified "ks exclusive".
@joe, no these are for all boxes, as they don't have kickstarter exclusive written on them. i'm happy that they're doing it this way. means the game will do better at retail as a result.
@joe crane - unless the sg say its a ks exclusive i would think it will end up in the retail box.
there are quite a few familiar names, greetings all!
so when they say all boxes, do they mean retail as well? i'm assuming these stretch goals are for kickstarter only but just checking.
cool
ohh undead
looks like i am not the only one!!  survivors be damned i would shell out some money for viking themed zombies
so glad i held off buying ghostbusters and went for this instead! the minis look gorgeous. can't wait to see the stretch goals unravel
that is the game play video
@ub3r - but there are 4 minis that are very obviously not "32mm at the eyes".  i'm assuming that you are probably correct, but for all i know, norse dwarves are huge.
game play say some thing about the minis at the start . which is about when i needed to pledge so i missed what they said must go back and watch it
@donnbobhardy - i've been following along on facebook since beginning, this it what they said about it in facebook comments.
it has only been 47 minutes.
@ub3r - and you know this how?
i would love some survivors... :) or even new zombies for zombicide - berserker zombies in barbarian sculpts... :)
@donnbobhardy - scale is 32mm at the eyes.
@skazz - blood rage is a viking board game created by acclaimed game designer eric m. lang. in this fast-paced yet highly strategic game, 2 to 4 players take control of viking clans, invading, pillaging and battling in a quest to gain as much glory as possible before ragnarök finally consumes the land!
any idea how big these new minis are?  i'm assuming they are similar to the small monsters already in the big box.
@thiago - so glad to see you on this project, great job with z3!
err detail, not quality.
@skritter: hope its for 2 players as well. at least the rulebook includes some modification for a tweo player game and the cards that are used are also depending on the number of players.
wonder why there's a big difference between the sg mini quality and the mini quality on the main page... are these sg ones not finished yet?
soldier of hel at $110k
@andres - that would be awesome!
@andres or a rum & bones cross buy!
@andres i wouldn't mind a viking in zombicide! or some kinda zombie monster in this one.
hate to be "that guy"  but any chance of seeing zombicide add on since this cmon and gg product ?  i would love to see another cosplay duo!
and there goes the 2nd stretch goal!
is this a solid 2 player game? or is it only best for 3 and 4 players?
@matt be prepared to read through hundreds of comments by then. :p
is it bad that i am using my own comment to mark where i need to read too once i get done with the commute.
i like the dwarf mold!  it's the dwarf i had in my head when i was growing up until d&d made them stubby and thick!  i say keep the dwarf.... it's perfect!
@andrea: the main page talks about the kickstarter exclusive badge, so i assume some sgs will be exclusive, some will be in the retail version.
@riftsinger lol, no i just never changed back to standard names.
@andrea - it says they are added to the blood rage box, so presumably that means retail as well.
sg miniatures will be also in retail version?
i love the dwarf. it's the elf that looks a bit too standard to me, but it still looks great as well. this will be a great campaign, i bet. and so soon after conan, i'm going to experience withdrawal symptoms after this is done... :)
@jose - scale is 32mm at the eyes.
maybe already asked, could be possible to see some size comparison pictures with other brands figures ?
@eli curtz kinda agree on the font. it screams sci-fi to me, not vikings, and it's pretty illegible. not really that fond of the card designs either, but i assume it's too late to change either.
to all the naysayers on the dwarf - it's not a gnome. gnomes aren't one of the mythic races mentioned in the eddas.  the sculpt is different from the bog standard dwarves from a thousand fantasy products. which is ok, this is supposed to harken back to something that predates all of that. and why not let the artists try some new things?
@captain matt  hello, started that again have we ?
@riftsinger (and trish), yeah, it seems like the artists are inspired by scandinavian folk art, like john bauer. his dwarves and trolls are awesome and nothing like the vanilla d&d types. that is a very good thing and selling point of this game! @skazz, i hope there will be no exclusives in this game (well, there is one already though) because i want everyone to be able to play everything. if anything backers should get extra free content or upgraded components, i certainly don't want any exclusive material to ruin the retail market for the game.
my real question is how long do we have to wait until the panda arrives?  this does come from eric after all...
dunno why people complain about dwarf, he's free and if you don't like him, cut him up into little pieces for basing material/terrain. :p
i actually like the dwarf - sets it apart from the tolkien mould!
can't wait to get this and try to convince friends to play. til valhall!!!!
this is the norse dwarf no? not your standard tolkein dwarf so don't see why everyones complaining.
i was 50% sadder than you ;)
wow... saw this this morning, signed up for an email alert, and as soon as it came in, there were already 1000+ backers, and no more earlybirds...
and the guillotine games name too.
please change the mold for the "dwarf". that does not look like a dwarf ...
@thiago: "why is there no honourable mention of this being a revamp of midgard ??  why do yourselves and eric such a disservice by not even giving the original game this is based on any credit ??"
well that esculated quickly.
no worries thiago. i know you can never really anticipate how a campaign is going to start. but i think the cmon and eric lang name is enough to have at least have prepared for the initial funding jump.
well great job guys. funded in only a few moments
nice! congrats guys, can't wait to play.
i agree, gnome would be better for the first goal.  that's not a dwarf!
@steve - you can find the comments in the blue box way faster.  before you can check thiago's comments, you have to scroll down to his latest one, which can be awhile if he sleeps in. ;)
wow! i thought i was sad checking back this early to see if it was live yet but i guess there are 1150 even sadder people than i. :)
if there are dwarfs in norse myths i dont think they wound look like they do in most of games we play
hope next stretch goal will be kickstarter exlusive.
@thiago - i know it's a longshot, but that "runic" font is terrible. maybe the art department can come up with another that's more readable but still has the feel you want.
we were not kidding about the being overwhelmed thing. i honestly thought i'd get some time to prepare the first update and mingle in the comment section for a while. no, we were hit by thunder and lightning, so please excuse me if i take some time to catch up on the comments.
@donn i love the blue box, but i find myself using ctrl-f to find dev posts most often now. just seems to work better for me.
$5
@zach "green knight" gable, exactly. which is also why projects like these actually lose money on ebs. but i guess they don't want to take the risk, small as it may be, to miss the initial momentum, and it allows the first sg to be set at a significantly higher level. if consumers were rational, then all backers that missed ebs would wait with backing to counter-milk out the sgs instead of in effect hurting their own return on investment by pledging too early.
yeah...that doesn't look like a dwarf at all.
@michael - 5$ (everything else is the same).
@michael bohne - it is literally $5 and nothing else.
@michael - $5?
@michael - $5 -nowt else
5$
can anyone let me know what the difference is between the early bird and the regular pledge??
nice first stretch goals. and of course its a ragnarok dwarf ;-)
yeah i saw it on the updatw, but woundered where the stretch goal path is. :)
@steve norse hobbit :p
@thiago where did the teacher send the viking when he got sick in class?  to the school norse!
i got a good joke, thiago. "this lightning start has caught us a bit off guard" hahahaa!!!
please change his name to gnome !! its not a dwarf :(
not bad, like some free stuff. i won't complain.
@thiago - can you get access to the "blue box voice of god"?  it's much easier to track your comments that way.
newcomers: @thiago is awesome!
@cmon i don't know what that is, but its not a dwarf lol
ironclad - check the updates.
@thiago please relay to someone that we would love a "pick up at gencon or origins" or other convention option, to save on shipping!
ah welcome back with your magic eight ball!
@thiago - please ask them to make sure that the majority of 'ks exclusives' are free stretch goals....
hmm cant find the stretch goals.. hmmm
yay!! thiago is back!!!
for those who don't know me, i'm a producer at cmon, and i'm proud to have been part of the development of this awesome game! i'll be your guide through this epic journey, so if you have any questions, suggestions, gripes or some good jokes to share, i'm here for you!
i shall drink in the ks comment complaining like a heavy viking mead.
@donnbobhardy - you said it!  i was stoked for rum and bones until the addons ended up more than the base game!  let's face it, many if not a majority of tabletop gamers are completionists to one degree or another, and we've all seen how ludicrous the secondary market for 'ks exclusive' is... i love the theme of this game and would hate to have to bail because it becomes a 300$ buyin just to get everything at the 'retail price' instead of whatever happens later on evilbay.
horrible looking dwarf !!  :(
that dwarf just looks weird, arms and legs are so skinny.
one sg down and halfway to the next.
the magic 8th ball...yeah!
sg are up in update #1, got one, next up 90k
hopefully a sg is alternate sculpts for the warriors. diversifying them would be great.
@soulchief if they set stretches by their value, as they should, and pre-kickstarter, as they should, we'd have hit a few by now by any common standard.
hail vikings!
why post stretch goals if everyone is throwing their money at the project, seems like solid business.
normal procedure is waiting a while with sgs to gauge where they can set the unlock price for the first one ("we were overwhelmed and are still working on them, they will be up soon!"). borderline unethical procedure where the customers exist only to be milked but undeniably a business-minded approach.
i like the sgs
nevermind, i'm wrong lol.
the whole "sg isn't ready yet" is just a way for them to ignore the initial rush and set the sg at $150k instead of around $75k like it should be.
@alex c well played, sir!
does anyone know it this will be shown at pax east?
for all of you sad about missing eb, wait until the total buy-in reaches $300.  then you can have a shot at mine.
it's cmon so by the time they add the extra monsters and expansions for optional buys $5 won't really mater much.
jeff - yep, full of (blood) rage...
@donn/anyone to check your backer number you just go to your backing history in to top left drop down, from there click on the project name and new box will pop, the number is on the 3rd line next to the photo
it'll be a dice bag...
so... fairly average cmon comments section, then. :-)
seriously. if you don't have stretches ready to go and posted inside of 1 minute... you knew very well this would happen so why aren't they already up on the front page? gauging interest, creating theatre, manipulating goals, check.. i'm out in minutes if this keeps up nevermind the game.
82 - way hoping to beat my 49 on zombicide - one day i'll be in the first 10! :d
its $5!  big whoop.  if one will complain about that, then it may be worth going somewhere else.
where are the stretch goals peeple?
i'm mildy interested in vikings, but i was just introduced to zombicide over the last couple weeks and am a huge fan of it.  i now have all the seasons and expansions.  seeing this is the same company has me intrigued.  also, it's the same game designer as the xcom board game which i also love.  decided to back this and give it a shot! :)
#27.  cool.
could have been worse, the eb's could have been  $10 difference as opposed to $5. so a $5 loss isn't too bad.
blah blah blah
@simona - usually.
@simona: no!
eb was sold out in 3 minutes, they had 750 slots. it's only a difference of $5 though, so shouldn't be *that* big of a deal to people. looking forward to seeing what they have as far as stretch goals for this project. figures look amazing!
@donnbobhardy click me>backer history>blood rage.  backer number is under cmon.
if i got eb and i plan on buying multiple pledges, do i get the discount on all of them?
for those that didn't get an eb: check the project every once in a while. i (almost) always snagged an eb spot during cmon projects, although i never was here at launch. this is the first time i didn't miss the launch. but there will be quite a few people who will cancel their pledge sooner or later.
"we weren't expecting such a strong response."  (looks over at plans for two dozen or so ks exclusives).  "we hope to have some stretch goals to show you soon!"  (finishing up ads for the second expansion set, drafting the third) to be fair, it's all about pacing excitement.  if they reveal everything too early, the curiosity and excitement fades and people can start thinking "is this really worth it?"  by revealing stuff every few days, with add ons paced throughout, they can avoid the mid-ks slump, and keep pulling in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. generally speaking, cmon is a business and we're consumers.  personally, i think the theme and gameplay actually look fun (an alternative to chaos in the old world).
@susan davis: if this is such an awesome game then why didn't midgard do so well.  please don't pretend that blood rage isn't just midgard+ with minis.
how do you check backer number again?
my only concern so far; the map; its so busy and hard to distinguish details on it... maybe a bit bigger or a tweaking of the colours perhaps ?
wow, way to provide enough time to get an early bird.  sold out before the first few minutes.  oh well, still got it at $75.
fuck off. i've looked since 8.00 for lauching bloodrage and not blood rage! :-( all early birds are gone!
closeing on 1000 backers
give us more valkyries :p
@susan - i've been trying to avoid backing games for just minis, so i hope you are right.  i read the page before it went live, so it looks pretty good.
lots of people wanted to save those five bucks this time. i sat refreshing the screen several minutes before start, and still only managed to be backer #215. people are crazy!
the minis looked sweet, so i just had to jump on (early bird - yay!) but i like the strategic element as well. not an outright bash 'em-up. looking forward to see what kind of stretch goals come up!
boom got my eb, where's the stretch goals? and fully fund in 20 minutes, wow
"this lightning start has caught us a bit off guard" really cmon? you weren't expecting this. 16 ks campaigns. when has it ever taken more than 10 minutes for them to fund.
@miguel: thanks :-) acadia quest got around 750.000 so i hope or something similar :-) a huge load of new monsters :-)
i sat on this with the story page open my email open and the kickstarters game page open set on newest . and i just made it to an eb by seconds
and funded in under 10 minuts
@donn: they shouldn't. this is an awesome game. (i was one of the playtesters.) it doesn't actually need the awesome miniatures -- cardboard counters or meeples would still have made a great game -- but they certainly don't hurt. :-)
boo.  caught off guard my a$$.
1st update up!
it's fair to say that by now, eric can sell games with his name alone, it's not all about that cmon magic. ;)
amazing.. they did not even need the 15 days. funded in about 3 mins. never seen anything like that.
my first eb!!! 3min!!!
@mikademus there was actually a 3 minutes window. short, indeed ;-)
@all - calm down.  it's cmon, so you know people will drop after they've had time to actually read the project description.
i don't see the dark elf, the dwarf chieftain, or the soldier of hel (or the gods expansion), so presumably those will be coming later as stretch goals? nit: "völur" is plural. the "völur witch" should be a "völva" or "völva witch."
looking forward to this, think i got the 3rd or second early bird (: refresh the page and a few hundred had already hopped on too!, now its like 900! typical cmon hype (:
boom, done. i guess, we`ll be funded in the next hour.
seems like a lot of us were not "early" enough. lmfao
better hurry, or we'll hit sgs before they're posted.
i was 4 minutes late!!!
seriously cmon, f*ck you. 1 minute after official start and all ebs already out, i missed mine with probably a second. this project really doesn't need them and this starts me off with a bad taste and negativity toward your campaign. it is belittling enough to lower oneself to set timers and chase them, and worse still to be denied even that little discount.
wow, i got an eb when there were 748 and there were only116 by the time i finished pledging.
i don't know why cmon doesn't put sg up right off the back.
eric lang is cackling on twitter.
great to see everyone here!!
keep up the great work, and i'll keep buying them!
i'm pissed! i set my alarm too... four minutes and the early bird is sold out!!!
that was insane.. 730 eb's left when i hit the button. it took about 20seconds, said congrats you're a backer, then i refreshed... eb's gone!
update please!
wow! fully funded in 5 minutes?!
whooops!  need some stretch goals already!!
@skazz it's like the arcadia quest campaign.
dude i even set 2 alarm clocks for this stupid eb.... :/
one request: please don't ship this on a container ship from a line that has the "eternal dragons" ship upgrade. :-)
i think this is the first time i actually got in at the early-bird... rofl!
hello guys! ^^
odin!
15 days are probably to try and get rid of the midks slump
wowza! so quickly funded, congrats!!
actually it was funded in less than 3 minutes
calm down phillipp.  it's only $5.  people got here first.  oh well.
do we see thaigo and his magic 8 ball i wonder...
missed eb....was 50 left??? but i'm in for the minis
cmon has been doing short ks a lot.  that way, they have to give less free stuff!
this game looks so amazing, been following this one for a while.
4 minutes in, already funded. bring on the stretch goals?
only 15 days!  wow why is that?
are you fucking kidding me? i there were still a lot left and i just had to enter new cc details and now it's gone. thanks for nothing.
i missed the conan eb because it launched 6 minutes early.  i didn't miss this one!  hooray for saving $5!
first game i've actually managed an early bird pledge... and here i am promising myself i wouldn't back another ks project for a while.
we need a stretch goal!
streeeeeetch goaaaallsss!
lol first 3 minutes = funded.
that was quick, suprised i was lucky enough to get an eb! i wonder how high this campaign will go.
now let's see some kickass sg's
stretch goals please ;p
#88
sold out faster than rush tickets in 1982.
whoo made. it ok whats next then?
that was super quick!
yeah got an eb =)
3 minutes by my clock to fund and sell all eb.  did we crash the ks servers yet?
wondering why is there only 15 days compared to the usual ks of 30 days?
we need the 1st stretch goal
did anyone get a stop watch on that funding speed?
@soulchief you can check if you where first in your backer history... click click on the project and it will tell you the number.
woo, goal hit! that was a nail biter, almost didn't make it!
omg less than 3 minutes
ha!! love to see regulars from other games here backing already - wonder how much we collecteively spend on a personal level every year!
kinda appropriate that we're pouring in like a horde of vikings in a besieged city... ^_^
wow eb went fast, luckily i got one =)
wow! that went fast. i went to grab something when it still wasn't live, came back to my desk and by the time i finish typing this, the ebs will be gone.
funded in three minutes. wow.
done :-)
all eb gone ! and funded....
funded
bang!!!!!!
huhu, 750 eb gone in 2 minutes...
eb are gone.
whoop whoop - will be looking for differences between blood rage and midgard besides the minis.
2 minutes.
wow - $51k in two minutes. that is pretty awesome! jim
funded! less than three minutes.
funded in 2 minutes...
aaaaannnnd....funded!
in the time it takes to type this comment all eb will be gone...
finally a cmon project where i don't miss the launch. hi guys. :)
and....funded!  release the krak.....err....stretch goals!
funded!
and another one to eagerly await :).
it will probably be funded in less then 4 minutes.
boom!
man, this is going fast...looks like eb will be gone in less than 4 minutes lol
backed - saw 1 other backer, i am  #76
looks like another fun game by eric. plus, can't go wrong with vikings!
40k in 2 minutes, not bad
woot, first time i've lucked out and been able to get an eb on a cmon game. now to look at the actual ks to decide if i actually want it or not....
here we go again... ;)
funded in less them 5 minutes?
zomg! start with the add-ons post haste! i must empty my vault asaps!
hi hih hi all
eb goodness :)
i hit "pledge" with $0 and 0 backers, and now there are 450 gone. wow. talk about pillaging!
early birds going going....
500 gone in two minutes.  holy crap!
no stretch goals listed?
hello all. let's enjoy this project and nice start all.
thiago, we are you?
hi!
early bird!
woop
wow, only 15 day ?!?
soon at 300 backers - and we're not two minutes in!
got in! go go backers go!
funded in what 4 minutes?
yes early bird:)
@donnbobhardy comment :p there were 0 when i backed and when my pledge was done, there were 40.
lets get this done!
yes eb is mine :)
i was one of the first 100.  there was 2 taken and by the time i paid it was 111. lol
nice i snagged an eb as well, backer # 63 :)
let's go!
looking forward to this one!
only 15 days - let's see how this goes! :d
ragnarök is here!
eb too!
looks awesome. super excited! jim
now time to read the info lol.
well i wasn't the first, but pretty close!
eb...yes!
i need stretch goals already!!!! damn short campaign for some many great minis =(
backed
@soulchief - backer or comment?
leggo!
yup. congrats.
nope. :)
something :p
here we go!
1st?
