@bruce gilliland: hi bruce! thank you for your feedback.  the sizing is small and this came to light after the jackets were manufactured.  the comments came flooding in once they were in the hands of our backers.  the jackets were then sent off to a third party to be remeasured and we understand that the fit is not standard.  we updated our sizing charts when we received the new measurements for all of our styles: https://www.baubax.com/pages/sizing-charts. i see that your exchange was done over a year ago.  that was the time when our sizing dilemma was coming to light.  i can facilitate another exchange for you if you wish.  i will reach out to you.   if you don't receive my e-mail, contact me at support@baubax.com. thank you for your activity here on our page.  as our project moved forward, we modified our communication style with our backers.  we have quite a few kickstarter aficionados who backed our campaign.  you guys rock!  it's been awesome to have knowledgeable and active backers here.  i had the pleasure of meeting one recently.  they opened my eyes to the backer experience. be on the lookout for my e-mail.  thank you for posting!
i have not been here in several months, as i got my jackets about a year ago (only 5 months "late"). i see that baubax is still in business and responding to customers. but i am here to express my dismay with the product. one of the jackets i bought was a bomber for daughter, who normally wears size 4-6 garments. i ordered a medium, but it was too small. i was able to ultimately get it exchanged for a large bomber. however, it arrived too late last spring to be useful until this past winter. now, a year later, she has returned it to me. she says it is too small. specifically, the sleeves are too tight. she is 5'8" and weighs about 135 lbs. but she exercises regularly, so her arms are not skinny. this arm problem is actually quite common. my windbreaker's sleeves are tight even though i went up a size larger. for some reason, baubax and their manufacturers did not understand that many people in the world, at least in the western hemisphere, do not have skinny arms. i have never bought a shirt or jacket that had sleeves as tight as the baubax jackets. and my windbreaker's sleeves are tight even though i do have skinny arms. basically, only skinny millennials are the only ones who can wear these jackets. they are not designed for normal sized people. and i say this having been a strong proponent for baubax during the campaign.
thank you so much for your operate.
sorry! i should not reply an email. i'm going to message at baubax.supportsync.com thanks.
thank you so much. i just reply you an email.
@audsanee prawang:  i have been assigned to your case.  look for my e-mail.  thanks! suzanne
@mohit2890: go to https://baubax.supportsync.com/ and click on "submit a request".  fill out the online form and we will respond back to you with a order number.  our replacement pens are $13 usd shipped within the us and $15 usd for international shipping.  we accept payments through paypal and the confirmation e-mail you will receive will provide details on how to pay.  thanks!  suzanne
i didn't get my jackets yet. please give me an information what's my status now. my id is audsanee prawang. my email is cim24@yahoo.com i already send the message to https://baubax.supportsync.com/ please check and get back to me. thank you.
the bomber jacket is great. the finish is really good.fits perfectly.love the pen and stylus combo which is very helpful during travelling.would definitely recommend it. baubax is there a way i could get/order an extra pen as mine was unfortunately stolen from my jacket at one of the restaurants?
@kelly tsang: that was definitely a mistake that was made on a batch of shipments and we can get rectified for you.  i have sent you an email to the address we have on file.  if you have not received it, please email me at support@baubax.com or go to our exchange site: https://baubax.supportsync.com/.  i monitor both and will get your correspondence.  thank you - suzanne
@david leeming experienced the same shit from baubax, needed to pay half the price of baubax at customs because the idiots there priced my one (one!!!) sweatshirt at $600!!! never got any feedback back from them anymore, tried to reach they're shipping point in hk and never got anything. so disappointed i supported this piece of shit.
@alexander: please send us an email at support@baubax.com with your backer id and email used to make your pledge.  we can take a look into what happened as you should have received your reward by now.  thank you! suzanne
hi, i didn't get my bomber(
@debra lynn gibson cole: we can definitely assist with an exchange if the jackets still are in new condition and have the tags still on.  go to https://baubax.supportsync.com/ and click on "submit a request".  fill out the online form.  please include your backer id.  thanks! suzanne
our 2 bombers didn't fit and are still in the original packaging. i got busy and messed up and didn't follow through on the return process and the ticket was closed.  any chance i can resubmit an exchange?
@sceiler - i can definitely see what we can do on our end.  can you send me an email at support@baubax.com?  i will look into this for you.  - suzanne
my jacket was held back at german customs because of missing information on the form and then sent back to you. is there anything you guys could do for me?
@kim lim - i sent you an e-mail from support@baubax.com.  please check your e-mail and reply back when you can.  thanks - suzanne
i have issue with my bomber jacket st well. i receive mine in april 2016 but did not try it on until recently. travel with it on a plane ride. at first i tough the fitting was okay but a bit uncomfortable at the wrist.. a bit tight. however i fell asleep on the plane but woke up coz i was feeling numb on my hands just to realise that my hands starting to turn blue due to the bad fitting on my wrist .. can you developer please advise on this? also got issue with the neck pillow that it gets deflated after 30 min.. it was a 12 hours plane ride.
great company and great product. used mine while traveling italy for 3 weeks. worked out great and always get compliments.
@ david elvis leeming - thank you for your kind words. we appreciate them. i am glad that we were able to find an amicable solution! hope you have a great weekend!
i have to say when i posted my frustration i would never have believed that baubax would actually genuinely reach out. they have communicated with me over the last few days in an exceptionally professional yet extremely personal way. i am genuinely touched by their approach and gesture they have given me. it really goes along way to repairing the previous damage. this company has really and truly made a fresh start. a sincere thank you to you. good luck with your future ventures!
sorry spotted typos...here we go again... i have avoided making any comments till now as i wanted to reflect on my experience of this particular kickstarter campaign without focusing too much on the vast expense this journey proved to be. i have backed around twenty kickstarter campaigns with varying degrees of success and with a variety of experiences. i have always been aware of the difference between buying a product/service as a pose to backing a kickstarter campaign. however, this did not prepare me for the exceptionally expensive and patronising experience. expensive, about a £500 pledge, and then i was landed with an incredible customs bill of around £130 even though now this company has circumvented this by shipping from europe: nice to be punished for being a backer rather than rewarded. it was also expensive as i had to pay out a further £80 to send back the clothes (all 4 offers) as the sizes, as many have commented on, did not match the original descriptions (way too small). i was patronised as i have had replies to my queries and issues from this ‘company’ that made me feel like they were communicating with a small child attending nursery. they went on the lines of ‘thanks for making us a multi-million dollar company and believing in us but we really don’t give a monkeys about your issues now we have your cash …..little boy….’  ok i added the little boy bit but you get the picture or my money in this case. that aside i think it is more important to focus on the clothes rather than the poor service and cost. simply put, in my view, they are conceptually a great idea hence my investment. however, the execution is less than adequate. the quality of the materials is exceptionally poor given the high cost. my north face branded clothes cost less as an example of possible equivalence. the windbreaker in particular is useless especially as it is not even shower proof: what’s the point? the bomber is so poorly made and the neckline so uncomfortable i no longer wear it (worn three times). i freeze to death in the average day here in the uk. i do have to say i like the blazer but the material is poor. the sweatshirt is adequate but for the price i could have found a better-quality product. all the products struggle with the eye mask as this is simply annoying and flops down every time you put the hoods up. i know i can use ‘sticky’ dots to stop this but surely before releasing the clothes this could have been easily solved. the pillow is next to useless and i never received my paid for blankets. so around £700 for four pieces (£175 each) of cheaply made, poor quality, inadequate articles plus the pleasure of my own personal patronising customer service advisor equal a rather interesting and eventful experience. not one i would choose to do again and something i am reminded of every time i open up my wardrobe where the four offensive poor investment pieces live. they will certainly be the most expensive jumble sale items i have ever donated…not that anyone would know….
i have avoided making any comments till now as i wanted to reflect on my experience of this particular kickstarter campaign without focusing too much on the vast expense this journey proved to be. i have backed around twenty kickstarter campaigns with varying degrees of success and with a variety of experiences. i have always been aware of the difference between buying a product/service as a pose to backing a kickstarter campaign. however, this did not prepare me for the exceptionally expensive and patronising experience. expensive, about a £500 pledge, and then i was landed with an incredible customs bill of around £130 even though now this company has circumvented this by shipping form europe: nice to be punished for being a backer rather than rewarded. it was also expensive as i had to pay out a further £80 to send back the clothes (all 4 offers) as the sizes, as many have commented on, did not match the original descriptions (way too small). i was patronised as i have had replies to my queries and issues from this ‘company’ that treated made me feel like they were communicating with a small child attending nursery. they went on the lines of ‘thanks for making us a multi-million dollar company and believing in us but we really don’t give a monkeys about your issues now we have your cash …..little boy….’  ok i added the little boy bit but you get the picture or my money in this case. that aside i think it is more important to focus on the clothes rather than the poor service and cost. simply put, in my view, they are conceptually a great idea hence my investment. however, the execution is less than adequate. the quality of the materials is exceptionally poor given the high cost. my north face branded clothes cost less as an example of possible equivalence. the windbreaker in particular is useless especially as it is not even shower proof: what’s the point? the bomber is so poorly made and the neckline so uncomfortable i no longer wear it (worn three times). i freeze to death in the average day here in the uk. i do have to say i like the blazer but the material is poor. the sweatshirt is adequate but for the price i could have found a better-quality product. all the products struggle with the eye mask as this is simply annoying and flops down every time you put the hoods up. i know i can use ‘sticky’ dots to stop this but surely before releasing the clothes this could have been easily solved. the pillow is next to useless and i never received my paid for blankets. so around £600 for four pieces (£150 each) of cheaply made, poor quality, inadequate articles plus the pleasure of my own personal patronising customer service advisor equal a rather interesting and eventful experience. not one i would choose to do again and something i am reminded of every time i open my wardrobe where the four offensive poor investment pieces live. they will certainly be the most expensive jumble sale items i have ever donated…not that anyone would know….
@mercedes (mandy) - thanks for the love!! happy to hear it was so useful on your trip and at work. anytime you are ready to order another jacket go to our website baubax.com.
hi :) great news. i finally took my suit jacket up in the skies, and it worked a treat!  the extra pockets were awesome, especially for keeping the passport, and my ipad mini.  that way i didn't have to store it in the cabin bins.  plus the inflatable pillow worked a treat.  loved it!!!! (that is one of the best customizable features.)  now i want to get another suit, because i'm using it for work nearly everyday, i think i might need a backup.  love it!  my blue sweater, is a little bulky, maybe i should have sized down for the sweater.  the l size suit fits, the l sized sweater is way too big, but i still wear it out and about in autumn.  if i can save up enough, i'd want to buy another suit.  thank you!
i haven't bothered to even wear my sweatshirt because i cannot stand the zipper being on the wrong side.  was it assumed i would want it on the left side or did they just figure my girlfriend would end up with it?
@ronald holcomb thank you for the kind words. lucky you that you are hot blooded which keeps you warmer, but glad that our jacket keeps you warm when its needed!!
love my red bomber jacket! i find i do get too hot wearing it, unless it is pretty cold out. but, i am pretty hot blooded, so i almost always wear light jackets. i do wish it didn't have the hand thingys in the sleeves, i don't like them and fight to keep them inside the sleeve. may have to remove them. no other issues to date, thanks
@oh zhi wei - thank you for the love!! always room for improvement, we would love to hear your ideas. if you want to share your ideas with us send us your feedback at support@baubax.com
loved my windbreaker and all the functions built it! there's still room for improvement and perfection though
@rosa velazquez - thanks for reaching out to us. please be on the look out for our email to you!
is there a discount code or something similar for backers only? i am planning to buy another since i was satisfied with my first order  :)
@michael bermel: please visit our exchange site: https://baubax.supportsync.com/ and click on "submit a request".  please be sure to include your backer id so we can assist you properly.  also, the zipper is on the same side of the jacket for both women and men.  the jackets were designed that way.  if you have any further questions, you can e-mail us at support@baubax.com.
is there any difference between the men and women's bomber jackets? my zipper is on the left side, as it would be on a woman's jacket. the picture shows the zipper on the right for the men's jacket.
how do i go about exchanging s blazer for another size?
@andrzej kubera - i am sorry you feel that way.  please reach out to us at support@baubax.com and please provide us your feedback as this will allow us to improve the customer experience.
worst kickstarter ever
@nick - sorry to hear that you are not happy with our product.  please reach out to us at support@baubax.com
@jing yi chua - sorry that you are having the same issue as megan. if you can please follow the same process that i gave below we can assist further.
very poor quality garment, particularly fit and finish.
hi, i'm facing the same problem too.. the pillow deflates on its own when in use..
@megan m - oh no!! we are sorry that the pillows are defective. please go to our online exchange centre (https://baubax.supportsync.com/) and register to create your account. 2. please provide your complete shipping address, email address, and contact phone number when creating your account.
hello, i have begun using my two jackets for travel and not just the day to day. i have found that my neck pillows are defective. they will not hold the air in for more than a few seconds. can this be resolved?
@florian stumpf - thank you for reaching out to us. please be on the lookout for an email for my support team to assist you further.
@yukari nakahara thank you for the compliments!!  we love hearing about the functionalities and how well our jacket served you. thank you for the suggestions as well. we are looking to move into the next phase... stay tuned
did i miss to fill out the survey? i can't recall. cause i don't have my jacket yet
went to a 3 week trip to asia incl japan and south korea, when temp can be down to -10c earlier this month. the jacket is actually quite warm and i only worn min inside - a heattech uniqlo undershirt, and a cotton or thin wool top inside, not even needing scarf or beanie or gloves. love multiple pockets. maybe next time can plan a designated charger pocket for phone? used the neck pillow briefly on the plane i felt a bit too warm , so maybe can get some cooling material involved? and the ipad pocket is big enough to carry my kindle or ipad mini which is handy when i am on the go on and off transportations, not needing to  dig into my luggage. overall, quite happy i got this jacket and luckily before my trip =) hopefully will come up with improvements such as the eye mask issue... and maybe more smartphone integration functions!
@derek simpson - i have sent you a separate e-mail to the e-mail we have on file.  please be on the look-out for it and respond back when you can.  thank you!
i'm a canadian backer and my jacket arrived a few months ago with a customs and brokerage fee of over $130 in addition to the original jacket cost.  reading the comments, my sizing was going to be off anyways and the jacket useless.  i refused the shipment and saved myself the fees.  still out my original pledge.  if the creators figure out how to ship to canada without ridiculous fees let me know and i can change my size as well.
@michelle c - thank you for the review we really appreciate it!
@heidi soults - in the previous emails, we did speak about the 2 return shipping labels we sent to you and with each return we only send out one return label at a time. the 1st label was sent to you on 6/22 for the lg size bomber and the 2nd label was sent to you on 8/1 for the xl size bomber. we never sent you a label for you to return the xxl bomber and this is the one you said you sent back to us. i wish that we had sent out the return label for the 3rd jacket so that we could have taken care of this for you.
review of the jacket: - size: i'm a petite 5'1 and ordered my usual size of xs for the red bomber. the xs that came would have been better suited for a child. all good, because i was able to exchange it for a medium after paying for return shipping (frustrating yes, but oh well.. i sucked it up) - size: now with a m, it fit perfectly! enough room for additional layers underneath - construction: sturdy material. the "koozie" pocket doesn't fit a mini-can so i just use it as a regular pocket. the eye mask, as everyone agrees, is a nuisance because it doesn't stay up. but tons of pockets! overall, it serves its purpose. i am a frequent traveler who does not check luggage and with the limitations of 1 carry on and 1 personal- this jacket is the loophole to carry extra items without being charged! it's my personal travel hack :) satisfied with the product overall and it was over-delivered on value. the return on investment is great.. i've saved more on luggage fees than what the jacket (and the unquantifiable sense of frustration with the sizing and return process) cost.
@jessica, you have the tracking number because you (or whoever it was) sent it to me. i was sent 2. what is unfortunate is that i deleted the email and you conveniently can't seem to find the one ya'll sent me or the jacket. but understand this: i do not have any baubax product. you have my second jacket.
@heidi soults -  it is unfortunate that we were not able to come to an amicable resolution . i completely understand your frustration. we never received the 2nd jacket, if you do find that tracking number for the last return, please let us know so we can take further action on our end.
@colene teoh- thank you for sharing your idea it is always helpful to our other customers to hear what others have done.
be happy all of you got your jacket(s). after i returned mine for a different size, twice, they kept my last one and never shipped me another - all because they didn't keep track of their "paperwork" on my jacket. $120 for nothing.
when mine first tried after received my bomber jacket, i found out the hood problem and immediately sew a set of button on the hood and matching button inside the hood to pin it. it works well.
@bruce backus: please submit a request here - https://baubax.supportsync.com/ and include your backer id.  our customer service team will follow up with you in an e-mail with additional information.
@adam mccullagh: canada has been one of the countries we have seen high brokerage fees.  we have been looking at different options for shipping to canada to help reduce the costs for our customers.
how do i get a replacement pen? tip did not stay soldered to the first telescoping piece. bruce backus
my jackets arrived today along with a brokerage charge of $168.81 for shipping to canada. this is insane. with a 269$ initial pledge this increases my costs by another 62%. i love the jackets but if i had known about the massive price of having them shipped i wouldn't likely have been a backer.
@ bruce gilliland - thank you for the compliments, bruce. they are truly appreciated!  nice to hear your adventures and how well our jacket helped in the grand canyon winds!  we are excited to have our jackets in brookstone as well!  you can also find our jackets on amazon, ebags, and our own website too! we are expanding!!
@ philip lai - re: floppy hood - i got a set of adhesive velcro pieces in the sewing good section of a local store. i put one piece on the hood and the matching piece on the inside of the hood. it took about a minute. it works well. since i bought three jackets, the pack was worth the small cost.
this is my first time back here in several months. after i got my jackets back in the spring, i moved on. i am glad to see that baubax is actively responding to questions and issues now. that is a major improvement over early this year - and last year - when myself and a few others had to handle all the answering of questions. it's also interesting to see that people are still having problems months after all the jackets were supposed to be delivered. the main reason i came here was to note that the baubax sweatshirt was included in the brookstone catalog. i was pleased to see that. to be honest, i was not sure baubax would make it past the initial project completion. i hope they can continue. ps: i took my windbreaker on a 19-day trip through the u.s. southwest in may. it came in handy at the grand canyon np where the early morning temp one day was 35 f and the wind was blowing at 30-40 mph.
@suzanne i guess with two people asking about the same thing in two days and how the hood is part of the baubax experience, it might actually be a good idea to make this a basic feature in the future jackets.
@philip lai: we have heard from a couple backers who have said the same thing.  one backer used hook and loop tape to secure the eye mask to the inside of the hood.  i have suggested using a small safety pin to secure it to the hood as well.
hi, i got the baubax bomber jacker from you from kickstarter and this is my first opportunity to try it on but i need some help. when i wear it as normal but when it rains, when i put the hood up, the eye mask keeps falling over my eyes and i cannot actually see where i am walking... please advise!
@jimmy bui: i sent you an e-mail separately.  be on the look out for it and respond back at your earliest convenience.  thanks!
just a question. i had the blazer dry-cleaned like it said it should be but when i got it back... let's just say it doesn't look the way it did before. what should i do? i'm not too thrilled that dry cleaning didn't work out because it was my first time doing it as well.
@chawanat nakason: some backers have used hook and loop tape to keep the eye mask from falling.  i think that would entail sewing so i suggest using a small safety pin.  you can also take the jacket to a trusted tailor to have it altered.
any good ways to "lock" the sleep flap back in the hood to prevent it from sliding forward and blinding me?
@charles  thank you for reaching out to us. i have attempted to find your order but without your last name or email address that you used in kickstarter i am unable to find. if you can please reach out to us at support@baubax.com with this information we can assist you better.
my last email was on jan 1, 2016 confirming that my survey has been received. i have not received the 2 jackets i ordered. can i get a tracking number or status ?
@ johnson kong you can go to our website www.baubax.com if you want to purchase a new jacket. if you want to do an exchange with the unworn jacket then please go to our online exchange centre (https://baubax.supportsync.com/) and register to create your account.
cause the one i got is really too small for me and i really love this jacket:/
how can i purchase one more bomber jacket??
@yiqun wu - yes, we sent you the email on oct 26 08:04pst with the subject saying neck pillow and it went to your gmail account, please look in your junk inbox too. if you are unable to find the email since it was a while ago, you may reach out to us at support@baubax.com for further assistance.
did you really have a team member try to contect me? i didn't received any email from your team yet.
@ewan mok - it looks like we sent out your order to you on february 8th, 2016. the package went out with hongkong post. please be on the lookout for an email from my support team to assist you further
hi, it has been more than a year since i backed this project in last year. i still have not received shipping details nor any form of information. please advise.
@mat - yes that is unacceptable that fedex after delivery is sending out their invoice. we stopped using fedex internationally because like you, we were surprised when our canadian customers informed us of these fees they were being charged.
just a warning to anyone in canada having their jackets shipped. i just received an invoice from fed ex for $180 in customs fees, from the delivery 4 months ago. this is completely outrageous and unacceptable, i didn't pay extra shipping to canada just to have that price quadrupled.
@rafael oliveira - sorry that you are not happy with the jacket. i will have someone from my support team reach out to you. be on the look out for the email.
@yiqun wu, i see that one of my support team members has reached out to you from our support ticketing system.
i really tried to like this jacket. but it is too heavy and too small, so i might as well give up.
and same thing with the pen/stylus. there is nothing on the zipper.
hi, i just found there is no neck pillow come with the bomber, how can i work with it?
@maksim samorukov - thank you for reaching out to us. we did see the status of your order and we are sending you a separate email from our support@baubax.com to assist you further. be on the lookout for the email.
guys, what the hell is that: more than a year has passed since i baked. the jacket is not shipped yet. on the 15th of june i've got the letter about 99.2% of orders are shipped. well, i'm happy to form that 0.8%. what we gonna do next?
@emily - i looked into the status of your reward and i am going to send you a separate e-mail.  look in your private messages here and in your e-mail that you used to make your pledge.  thanks!
it has been such a long time since my original pledge that i keep forgetting i paid over $200 for these jackets. i still have not received any tracking information or the product. i'm a us client. can anyone help me locate my jackets??
@jessica - thank you for reaching out to us, unfortunately since we have a few backers with the name of jessica and i have no last name if you can reach out to us at support@baubax.com so we can further assist you.
@julian schary - so sorry that the pen has been lost. our customers have the opportunity to purchase additional pen/stylus or pillows from us, but please understand we have very limited stock availability. you can place your order through https://baubax.supportsync.com/
hello, it's been more than a year and i still haven't gotten my jacket!  i would like to know what's up. thanks!
got the same issue as eileen. lost the pen. could you please send me a mail,.too? thanks.
@eileen fong - thank you for reaching out to us, we do have a solution and one of my support team members will be reaching out to you shortly!!  be on the look out for our email!
@joel lomba - thanks for reaching out to us and so sorry that you haven't received your jacket! looks like someone from my support team has already reached out to you to assist!
hi hi! my pen on the zip was slightly loose. i tried to be careful with it but one day, it eventually fell out and got misplaced! :( is there any way i can replace the pen?
hey baubax! i never received my jacket! what gives? :(
@kim lucas - i am sorry that the jacket is not working out for you. please be on the lookout for an e-mail from my support team to assist you further.
i have an issue with the sleeves being too short. i have never had a problem with a jacket having too short sleeves. i used the sizing guide to select my size. the sleeve size on xs states 30-31, sleeves were above my wrists, measured 29 on actual jacket. returned this for a s, with paying for shipping both ways . s jacket should have been 31-32 inches. sleeves just barely long enough, if i move my arms at all, sleeve ride up well past my wrists. product is clearly not made to sizing guide specs.
@aaron - i forgot to mention please take the pillow out of the pillow cover before you wash it! thank you
@aaron - hello and that is a great question! yes, it is machine washable in cold water, on gentle cycle with like colors.  air dry only.  if you have additional questions feel free to reach out to us at support@baubax.com
can check can the neck pillow be machine wash?
@wasabi12: we do have replacement pens available for purchase.  please send a request to our exchange site: https://baubax.supportsync.com/  total cost for us is $13 usd and $15 usd for international.  thank you!
finally i received my two jacket the day before yesterday... the wait is over and time for use the jacket and see if it really worth it. but first of all, i say thank you for the support in baubax, even it almost one year late, they prove to me that they really strugling to fix the management in delivery the jacket... make this as a big lesson for the next project, you dont want to make the customer think twice to order from your company again.. in  the first look of the jacket it seem ok, quality is good, size also no problem for me and my wife. so its a pity even if the product is great, but if the support not good, then it will be just ok. not great... so good luck for another project
anyone has issue with the pen? it didn't hold it tight and i lost the pen already. any ideas on where to get the replacement? thanks
@raymond chia: the windbreaker is machine washable.  it is recommended to be washed on a cold cycle with like colors and to line dry.  other than that, no other specific instructions for the windbreaker.  thank you!
just wondering, any thing i should look out for when trying to wash my windbreaker?
@peter shaw: thank you for letting us know that you moved.  i have sent you a separate e-mail from support@baubax.com.  please check your e-mail and reply at your earliest convenience.  thank you!
hey - i moved house in march, seemingly about the time jackets were shipping, and never received the jacket. how can i find out if the jacket i backed was filched by the new tenants or if it was returned?
@heidi soults: it's unfortunate that we were not able to come to an amicable resolution .  i completely understand your frustration.  if you do find that tracking number for the last return, please let us know so we can take further action on our end.
@linda kovathana: hi linda!  currently our jackets are available online with ebags and in brookstone in select us airports.  we are currently working on our e-commerce website site where we will be able to accept orders. our leadership team will announce when the site available for customers.  we are excited with what we have in development.  hopefully we will be able to share soon!
every time i look at my baubax blazer - all stylin' and complex - i wonder what happened to you guys?  what is in store for this line of baubax clothing?  it's such a great garment.  it was a hot summer, so i'm not going to be able to show it off on my trips until the fall (which is coming up).  once i wear it out and about, people are going to want to know where i got it.  i know you meant it as a highly practical product, but the way it fits - the whole effect - it's one of the most badass blazers i own.
beware! sent my jacket back(3x) and now they are saying they can't find my return, nor any of the tracking that they sent me, and will not send me my replacement. there's is a very large gap in the shipping and return process and they are doing nothing to fix it or extending any kind of assistance of good faith to thier backers. i'm very upset and feel that they are not extending any courtesy to get this sorted out for me. i was left with a very short response of "well, our documentation shows you have not returned your jacket and until you can send it to us, we will not replace it." $130 for a jacket that arrived nearly a year after campaign ended and returned jacket 3x to not have anything has left me extremely sour.
@varun yellina - please be on the lookout from my support team to further assist you.
@david ampuero martinich - so sorry you lost your pen, please be on the lookout for an email from our support team.
i've haven't had the opportunity to use it since i received the package in march. i can't find the zipper pen anywhere. on close examination, i found spare refills for the pen in one of the pockets. i remember very clearly to having never seen the pen. revisiting this project on kickstarter reminded me of the feature.
dear baubax team, i have lost my zipper pen :(  can you help me, where i can buy a replacement
@cassandra cortez  - it looks like your package was sent out in march. i will have one of my support agents reach out to you via e-mail. please be on the lookout for the email.
hi - i have not yet received my jacket. can someone please help? thanks!
@todd frassetti thank you.
where can we get replacement pens?  my sister lost hers and i lost a piece of mine when we moved (not the ink, i have that).
@carrie mah  thank you for reaching out to us regarding this. i will touch base with our operations manager to look into this further and have someone of my support team reach out to you. please be on the look out for the e-mail.
hi guys i've tried to send you several emails regarding a refund. i'm extremely dissatisfied with the service. i was excited to receive a package several months ago but was charged $50 in cod charges (https://www.canadapost.ca/web/en/kb/details.page…) i was told by the postal service that this charge was from the seller, but someone from your customer support claimed it was from the country. reading in cod charges i believe this is not the case. i had asked for those charges to be removed or receive a refund. at this point i would prefer a refund. as you guys are very aware that these comments are publicly posted, and it appears that you reply to people on here, i would very much appreciate the proper service a ks backer deserves. thank you
@lisa - thank you so much! we are very excited as well!
i saw these in the brookstone store in anchorage airport and i see it's on their website, congrats on making a product and taking it to market!!!
@sylvia choi - our sweatshirts are not pre-shrunken, they are a cotton poly blend. our blazers are dry clean only. my sweatshirt has not shrunken but i have followed the washing directions as well.
@jakra srinaganand - so happy to hear that your wife is delighted with our jacket. we look forward hearing from you after the trip is taken.
@robby indra gartika: please i reply to the email. thank you
@j. colin cox - thank you for your feedback and  i am sorry that you feel our customer support is pretty awful. i will have our support manager reach out to you to assist you further.
are the sweatshirts and blazers pre-shrunken? i'm just wondering if the clothing may shrink or change in size after washing.
the jacket i ordered for my wife arrived. and she was delighted with it, she's a bit smaller than the average size but it got her well. we were both very impressed with the quality of the material and the finish. you've delivered a good quality product. yet to have a chance using it but she will next trip we take.
@baubax llc thx god finnaly a decent reply. i just got the email, thx for the response. where do i answer the info needed as statet in email. i reply the email, or in here?
your customer support is pretty awful.  after making comments on kickstarter, i had to point out that they've ignored me after waiting a half year.  after that, i'm getting emails offering either an exchange (which isn't at all my problem) or a return where my money gets deposited in paypal.  i said i didn't want either, but you completely ignored me and sent me forms to process a return.  thanks again for not listening.
@heidi soutls: your e-mail is bouncing back because the case is closed.  i will send you an e-mail from support@baubax.com.  thank you!
@suzanne i tried emailing you but it keeps getting kicked back. i am still waiting on my sweatshirt jacket. please email me.
@luciana ng: thank you for reaching out to us!  i see that our customer service support is already in contact with you.
@robby indra gartika:  hello!!  i have looked into your reward and will send you an e-mail to the address we have on file.
i've been having trouble finding a link about returns/exchanges. i exchanged mine from a male jacket to a female version and the sleeves are way too short! it also came with a defective fir of the pen/stylus. is there anybody i can talk to about this issue? thanks! i'm a backer, by the way.
halooo still need help here... not get any of two jacket until today....... anybody home.... haloooo
@suzanne email received and replied. thanks for the quick response :)
@anita chong: hi anita!  i am sending you a separate e-mail to the e-mail we have on file.  please take a look and respond at your earliest convenience.  thank you!
delivery has been a mess and today ups came with a notice which says i'll need to pay an extra $99.25 to get the package!? i thought i've already paid usd25 for the delivery. i'm very confused.
@barbara belvisi and cindy: thank you to both of you for reaching out to us!  i have looked into both your pledges and sent you separate e-mails.  please respond at your earliest convenience.  thanks!!
i am excited to receive my windbreaker.  can someone let me know when i can expect the shipment?  many thanks....
hi! i haven't receive my jacket and i don't know who to contact. could you help me?
@baubax llc : i have just spent 4 days in a wet and cool melbourne. my bomber jacket worked a treat. the pockets were great for travelling and i already knew it was warm enough for cool conditions, but this time i put the shower proof aspect to the test. i was caught in a couple of sudden down pours and the jacket kept me dry. the water was able to be shaken off when i returned indoors and the jacket dried quickly. my bomber worked just as intended. 'good job' to the creators.
@brian - i looked at your order and see that we have shipped your order out to you. please be on the lookout for our email from our support team.
@arnaud - please be on the lookout for our email with an exchange invoice that may assist with the invoice from tnt
i still haven't received my jacket or any response to my questions about shipping. can someone please get back to me about whether my jacket has even shipped?
my god, baubax gets the sizing all wrong. i send it back to get a size up. and just today i received an invoice from  tnt for customs. when i think what i could have gotten for the amount of money spent on this. that is the worst ks campaign ever, seriously, i should have gotten rid of the first item i got it would have limited the cost of the thing.
@dorothy - thank you for your support and your patience, we truly appreciate our backers. without your support, our first campaign would not have happened. we did learn many valuable lessons. when you buy your clothing from a us e-commerce site you do pay the duties and taxes but generally, it's in the total amount your pay or sometimes the shipping company will have a duty free day.  please be on the lookout for an email with an exchange invoice attached to assist with customs.
i was an early backer - the experience of delays, incorrect sizing, missing items, overcharging my credit card, and the "surprise" charge of duty/taxes to ship an item of clothing from the us to canada has made this whole thing a miserable experience. i buy a lot of clothes online from the us and never have to pay duty/taxes. i just received a *second* bill for duty/taxes from the replacement item because package wasn't properly labelled. i now have to spend my time filling out forms with customs to try and get a refund. no piece of clothing is worth this 14-month ordeal.
@adam rardin -  i am sorry you feel that our customer service was below par, we worked with you every step of the way until you had the resolution of the exchange you wanted.  every country is different and the recipient is responsible for taxes assessed with the shipment; the additional payment on delivery are for the customs duty payable as per the regulations of your country.these are set by the destination country customs authorities and is determined based on a combination of the country of origin or manufacturing of the goods being purchased and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the country. all our customers are responsible for return shipping costs related to the returns.
i finally received my jacket after months of delays. i have seen several other comments about shipping problems. i had to pay over $130 extra in shipping to a replacement after the original product had a defect. i would have satisfied with s marginal refund of the last $20 shipping charge via paypal but the "customer service" group did nothing and i regret backing this project. the product is adequate but the customer service group is one of the worst i have ever worked with. shame on baubax. i had such high hopes in this project and you just took my money and ran away.
@ben davies - thank you for reaching out to us. i do see the emails that you sent and my support team responding to you. the last email we were waiting for your response back. we only do email support.  i will have my support team reach out to you via email so be on the lookout...!
hi we sent some jackets for exchange - sizing was way too small.  we did this over a month ago and have not heard from baubax despite repeated emails and fb messages.  can you please give me a phone number or at least respond to my message here.
@joe moya - please accept our apologies. we try to have our exchange process be as simple as possible, as i do see that you opened an exchange with us on 4/28/2016. after your shipping payment to us on 5/3/2016 we were waiting to receive the jacket you wanted to exchange prior to sending the new one out. the delay was in waiting for the exchange jacket. we do always appreciate feedback as this is the only way we can grow and improve.
@shirley phelan - so happy to hear that your husband loves his jacket. so sorry that the pen got lost. please go to our online exchange centre (https://baubax.supportsync.com/) and register to create your account. once its created you can let the team know you want to purchase a new pen.
julie hallet - so sorry about that. i only see that on saturday, august 16th we received a support email from you. we will look into the what happened to your delivery. please be on the lookout for a response from our support team.
@haych w - sorry about the back and forth regarding the blanket but i am glad we got the blanket out to you.
coat is well made (sizes or massively understated - you must size up (+2) for american sizing equivalent) ... but, the customer support is non-existent or lousy.  to do the simplest of order corrections is the equivalent of building an air craft carrier - except much more difficult and less efficient.  heaven forbid if you need any replacement or exchange.
my husband loves his bomber jacket, but he lost the pen. how can i order a replacement? thanks!
i pledged back in november 2015. i received an email confirming expedition fo my order in march 2016. since then i have not received any items. i have emailed your support service several times and am not getting any replies. this is so disappointing and totally inappropriate. how can i either received the items i paid for asap or get refunded? thank you.
got my blanket today (after months of emails and them: "you didn't order one", me: "here's the receipt", them: "guess we'd better send you one then") and credit where credit is due, it is the hugest glasses cleaning cloth i have ever seen. not too optimistic about its performance as a blanket. ah well. you win some, you waste your time and money on some.
also for the pants+ shorts which are really cool (probably a hoodie+pants+shorts) i'll see :)
when i get my jackets back and no problems arise, i hope to pledge for a few more jackets on your new campaign which sounds amazing!
how do i ship them can you provide some instructions? i often find i need to ask the same question 2 or 3 times for it to be understood and answered... shelly has been assisting me instead of don
@justin moore lewy - thank you for reaching out to us. i am sorry that you have not received your order. i have assigned your case to a member of my support team. please be on the look-out for the email.
here is my pledge reward that i have yet to receive. $149 special kickstarter price! the baubax - blazer: available in any size of your choice. future retail price: $200 + taxes + shipping ships anywhere in the world estimated delivery: nov 2015
i have pledged $159, and still have yet to receive my jacket. can you please inform me as to when my shipment will be delivered?
@eugene - hello and unfortunately our customers are unable to go to the warehouse, i am sorry. as the jackets from our first campaign are already made the sizing is slim fit. i will have don from our support team, reach out to you to better assist with the sizing.
(by that i mean how it fits as i see many people complaining that they need a larger size.. the size for me is ok but jacket does not feel (fit) right, if i go medium i'm afraid it's too big... is there a chance that i can go to the hk warehouse to try it on or something also to reduce the time wasted waiting for delivery etc making things easier and more efficient while saving costs (for you as you dont need to pay the shipping)
@jessica got it and just replied, is there any chance you have changed the cutting of the jackets (i think i've read that you have on your new campaign... does it apply here..)?
@eugene  please accept our apologies, i will have someone from my support team send you an email to assist further.  please be on the look-out for that email...
wow i might be the only one to experience this but i just tried my windbreaker on and the left armpit is stitched incorrectly i'm shocked that it passed qc i can send in a picture to show that when you flip it there's clearly extra fabric incorrectly stitched. the cutting is also tight around the armpit, others is fine other than jacket being a shot.
@yuzhen huang: no worries about the multiple posts!  all you need to take off the jacket is the pen and remove the refills from the inner pocket before washing.  then you are all good!  thank you!
so sorry for the spam. it indicated failed to comment so i kept trying�
hello, not sure if this question has been asked before. what should i remove before throwing my jacket in the washing machine? am worried i may spoil some parts. thanks in advance! :)
hello, not sure if this question has been asked before. what should i remove before throwing my jacket in the washing machine? am worried i may spoil some parts. thanks in advance! :)
hello, not sure if this question has been asked before. what should i remove before throwing my jacket in the washing machine? am worried i may spoil some parts. thanks in advance! :)
hello, not sure if this question has been asked before. what should i remove before throwing my jacket in the washing machine? am worried i may spoil some parts. thanks in advance! :)
hello, not sure if this question has been asked before. what should i remove before throwing my jacket in the washing machine? am worried i may spoil some parts. thanks in advance! :)
@christian montalvo:  thank you for the great feedback!  we really do appreciate your comment. @philip bevan: i sent you a pm regarding the next steps.  feel free to pm here if you have further questions.  thank you!
after many emails still no inflatable parts for my hood. still waiting a reply regarding missing parts do not want an exchange just receive  missing parts.
just wanted you guys to know that i really enjoy the jacket! i travel for a living and i am definitely getting use out of it!
@a hudson - thank you for reaching out to us, i do see that you reached out to our support team and we offered to do an exchange for you. we are always happy to work with our backers. as you are aware it's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected with crowdfunding projects. we are indebted to all our backers, for being the early adopters and helping us bring baubax jackets to life. if you would like to proceed with the exchange, please let us know.
this jacket is super heavy without anything in it. i wanted to return it after months of delay in delivering it and not having had a need to use it since all my travels had come and gone but the company would not. it is honestly way to heavy. too hot for the summer also. maybe during the winter for someone who does not mind the weight on their upper half like that when traveling.
@suzanne - i responded to your email. thank you.
@heidi soults: i sent you a separate e-mail.  please respond when you can.
almost 1 yr later: finally got my too small large for an xl and it's too short in the sleeves. i can't even extend my arms in front of me. really?!
@cynthia : we have received your payment and we will be sending out your replacement jacket shortly. sorry for the delay!
i haven't heard from anne since 7/15.  how long does it take to get an exchange jacket?
@ bruce gilliland: ˙ɹǝpun uʍop ɯoɹɟ ıɥ good to see some of the regulars still looking in. i drop by occasionally to see the current state of play. thanks for the acknowledgement, it is reciprocated.  it has been pleasing to see baubax has got its customer support up and running, better late than never.  because we are seeing a very cool winter by our standards, my bomber has been put to use and i'm pretty happy with it, but i wouldn't want to put on too much extra winter 'insulation'.
i've been away from here for a month now, so i thought i'd stop by. last post was june 29. for any (few) newcomers, rolts and i - along with several others - lived here for many months. we were the only support staff most folks had. @ rotls, @ sharon. thanks for your responses. it appears from the recent comments that some people seem to have just gotten their jackets in the past couple of weeks. and they are too small. no kidding. hundreds of us fought that battle, waiting for the exchange program to belatedly get started. the only good news i see here is that the baubax staff is responding here and apparently trying to help people with their problems.
ordered 4 jackets all xl and guess what it run so small and you need to pay for the exchange and its gonna take forever for it. waited months for it and just disappointed on how the quality and sizing.
@crystal: thank you for reaching out to us about your exchange. i have sent you a separate e-mail from support@baubax.com. i will look forward to your reply!
i used my windbreaker on for the first time and realized it's way too small. is it still possible to exchange?
@shushu:  we do have the measurements for each jacket.  we are currently selling all the jackets on ebags.  each jacket has the measurments listed as an image.  here is the link for ebags:  http://www.ebags.com/brand/baubax… i am aware of the past issues with exchanges.  we have implemented new procedures to better assist our backers.  i want to make sure you get your jacket and enjoy it.  we can keep an open dialogue throughout this process.  feel free to pm  here or contact me at support@baubax.com.  i'll send you a separate e-mail too.  thanks!
hi suzanne, does your team have a precise measurement for your final products now? i forgot to fill in the survey back when the campaign finished and totally forgot about kickstarter. and by the time i came back, all i can read about this campaign is how horribly wrong with the measurement and many backers need to mail them back with their own money! at this point, i am simply just too scare to claim my pledge...because i don't want to get involve into a battle with cs and pay extra to exchange my jackets [not to mention i already felt scammed by paying $25 to have the jacket to ship from hong kong to hong kong]. i will be looking forward to your reply and wish you have a wonderful day!
@arram kim: thank you for reaching out to us about your exchange.  i have sent you a separate e-mail from support@baubax.com.  i look forward to your reply!
so are you still charging 2 way shipping to get an exchange? ordered l bomber, sleeves are long and the back is tiny. emailed for an exchange saying you sent a defective product. have only recieved the auto reply "we are a small startup and we have no resources, so you have to pay 2 way shipping to get a exchange" ha
@amanda j:  the sizing does run small.  i have sent you a separate e-mail.  i hope to hear back from you.  thank you!
the sizing is terrible for the women's bomber. i ordered an xl, way too small, exchanged it for an xxl and it was still too small. in fact, i didn't notice any difference between the two sizes. i'm not confident a 3xl will fit either at this point. i don't know what to do, but this is a huge disappointment. the sizing is not standard and doesn't seem to fit the measurements given.
@dona england: i am sorry the windbreaker is too small.  i have sent you a separate e-mail.  please respond at your earliest convenience.  thank you!
i give up. after waiting many months for a sweatshirt for my son, the xl was way to small. i exchanged for a women's large windbreaker for me, many months later i got it. it's crazy, insanely small.  how are you coming up with these sizes? i can't even try to sell it, the size it so weird, long arms and tiny torso.  i so regret this whole thing. lesson learned.
@lynn gracie-rogers: hi lynn!  i am going to send you instructions on how to open a case for an exchange.  look for the pm from me.
both my daughter and myself ordered womens xl bomber jackets that are too small for us to zip. we would like to exchange. i left a email message but never heard back. can someone help us? it is so small that when i went on vacation this week i specifically didnt bring the jacket for the 6 hour plane flight.
@anthony tse: hi anthony!  yes, all the rewards have shipped; however we still have pledges that do not have survey responses.  i will send you a pm.  thank you!
hi, i have not received anything yet - have all shipments been delivered ?
@rachel fox: i am so sorry for the delay in our response.  this is totally unacceptable and will be fixing this quickly.  our customer service supervisor will be handling your invoice personally.  she will be in contact with you soon.  thank you.
hi, i have been having huge problems with receiving my jackets. you were helping me but haven't responded to my latest emails. my jackets are now in customs in barcelona and they say if i can't give documents that correspond to theirs in the next 24 hours, they will return the jackets to you and fine me 150 euros! please can you help urgently!!!!!
@sharon: hi sharon, good to hear that you have got your jacket sorted. i've been using mine while travelling for the last week. the pockets have worked well, but my hood on the bomber jacket doesn't have a tightening chord or elastic, so i'm up for a different fix. good to see you still drop by. :-)
hi @bruce nice to hear that u finally got ur coolest cooler!!! @rolts @melissa wow u guys still comes in to help out!!! btw i have good news, i finally got my exchange jacket and it fits!!! i have change it from a female s windbreaker to a male s windbreaker and it fits great!! the exchange process was a long one since may till last week then i got my replacement. there was so many mistake in their email so have been emailing them and they took so slow to reply each email so it drag on. but am happy to finally get it and fits nicely!! btw, i've found a way to stop the eye mask from falling, my windbreaker came with a elastic band inside the hood (not sure abt other models) so i tighten the elastic band and the eye mask stay without dropping out. see u guys again when i drop in!!! take care guys!!!
@ulrich veh: your shipment was shipped out earlier this year but it was returned to sender.  i see that you were working with someone in our customer service team and your jacket is currently being processed for re-shipment.  you will receive a shipping confirmation soon.  if your friend has not received their jacket, have them contact us here or at support@baubax.com.  all rewards have shipped so either it was returned to our warehouse or we have not received their survey yet.  we do want to make sure everyone receives their reward.
still waiting for my jacket. what a mess!
@nevdon: hi nevdon!  i found your open case and have responded to you privately.  please refer to that e-mail and i will be happy to assist.  thank you!
the jacket that i received a year late does not fit (my tailor measured me for it as a tall) and the company will not exchange it unless i pay a fee on top of shipping. this feels like a scam.  at this point, i just want a refund.
@aya: i sent you an e-mail separately.  take a look and feel free to contact me. thanks!
the last mail i received about my wrong size jacket exchanging-job in mar (request 14025 and 20994), and none contact me till now. when can i change it to correct size?
@pooja sachdeva: i sent you an e-mail just now.  i hope this one is received.  if not, please let me know.
@suzanne i have not received a separate email and the customer support representative helping me through your support center is still making very frustrating mistakes. i thought we had sorted the issue of exchanging the jacket for the size i ordered and then i was asked to send back the gloves when i clearly mentioned i had never received any gloves. this is unreal. is there a live human i can talk to because this obviously isn't working.
@pooja sachdeva:  hello!  i am so sorry, pooja, for the frustration over your exchange.  i will send you a separate e-mail and we will get this fixed for you.
hi, i received the wrong size in april and have been going back and forth with your support team trying to get the correct size for months now! the most recent message i received from your team asked me if i even received the original product in april and asked me to ask my neighbors! yes! i did receive the product and it came in the wrong size and i need the correct size. how many times do i need to repeat this before someone can help me?? how does your support team not understand something so simple??
@or lang:  i am sorry you did not receive a neck pillow with your jacket.  please open a case at https://baubax.supportsync.com/.  you will need to create a profile then open a case for the missing pillow.
hi i am missing a neck pillow for my blazer jacket. could you kindly rectify it?
@travis wright: sorry you were not happy with your purchase.  we are definitely open to feedback in order to enhance further campaigns.  your feedback has been received!  have a great day!!
you can tell that you used a cheap chinese factory to manufacture these... this jacket has some cheap fabric on the inside liner. the stitches aren't very good.  i'm not that impressed with the quality, at all.  plus, the jacket is too small and took 6 months past the targeted delivery date to actually get it.  haha. buyer beware.
@iain sandison: i can help you with that.  i will send you a pm.  thanks!
we finally had the chance to try our jackets. they're great! however, one of the neck pillows seems to have a slow leak. we took a long flight, and my wife had to re-inflate hers every hour or so. what steps can i take to replace that part?
@bryce: we are working on your case. i have pmed you through supportsync. thanks!
exchanged the jackets size, sent 4 but send back 3 only, wrote submitted the case right away the https://baubax.supportsync.com/ #5378 but no one trying to helping out,
@wojciech daniło: your jacket did ship.  i will pm you with details.  thanks!
@anthony:  i have sent you a pm on how to order a replacement pen/stylus (and pillow).
@tyler: please send a pm to us or open a case at https://baubax.supportsync.com/ with your information so we can assist you further.
@mazen and @tyler:  i can definitely assist both of you.  i need more information to look up your rewards.  if you have not received your jackets by now, most likely there was a delivery issue.  i will reach out to you privately.  thank you.
when will i get my order? it has been 8 month passed the estimated time. my visa is expired in the us and now i'm back home and still didn't get it. now i see you are starting a new campaign i don't know how kikstarter allowed this scam again!!!. if you couldn't ship my order and i think you'll not ,i want my money back, because now it feel like a scam to me.
hi guys, my pen dropped out of its holder while i was out and i only noticed when i got home. is it possible to get a replacement? thanks.
*ɹǝpun uʍop ɯoɹɟ ıɥ
@merlissa: ǝpun uʍop ɯoɹɟ ıɥ it's finally turned cold enough to use my jacket, and apart from the eye mask dropping down, i'm pleased with it. hope you and leo are enjoying the warmth. i drop in now and again to see what's up and throw in an answer if i can.
when will i get my order? it has been 8 month passed the estimated time. my order left hongkong for guangzhou on 20-apr-2016, and today is 8 july. it takes 2 hour from hongkong to guangzhou by train. your jacket needs more than 2 months? if you can't deliver the garment, i want my money back, because now it feel like a scam to me.
dear baubax, i've never received any package from you. is there any very late timeline for it?
hey rolts- can't believe you're still here helping out! cheers to you!
@eugene wong - hello eugene, glad that rolts assisted you. so glad that you like the jacket and we look forward to hearing about your travels with your baubax jacket. if you have any further questions or if you have feedback we would love to hear from you at support@baubax.com
@rolts- thank you again for assisting our backers! your help is always appreciated.
it's alright, nice jacket, look forward to using it every month on my plane trips
aight cool
@eugene wong: do you mean the separate gloves, not attached to the sleeves of your jacket? if so, they are the half scoop gloves mentioned in the campaign as a stretch goal. they are not meant to cover the whole of your hand, they are designed to cover that part of the hand not covered by the built in half gloves. when worn together, they cover the entire hand.
lol what a joke... did everyone else get size s gloves? they barely fit half my hand... oh well baubax played me again
@dean hello dean, we would love to assist in getting your jacket to you.  will have someone from my support team reach out to you shortly, be on the look out for our email!
i have yet to receive my jacket due to a number of changes that i have happened in the past few months.  i currently live in chile and have moved within the country since the time i originally placed the order.  the package is apparently on its way back to original shipping location.  i will be moving to the us in about 2 weeks and its not clear how to give a new address and actually get my jacket. what do i do?
@rolts : thanks for the amazon link for the telescoping pen!
*jason emans (auto corrected) sorry jason
@ghelbi : from backer jason means: for those looking for a replacement pen, my wife lost hers in the first two weeks... i found these to be the exact same pen with a different logo. the pen fits the baubax zipper cap to a t. (baubax of corse gave me the standard auto reply about returns.) https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0127dud0y/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1…
@jon lara hello and we are so thrilled that you are happy with your blazer. and thank you for helping others understand crowdfunding.  have a wonderful day!
@ghelbi  hello, so glad to hear that mum is loving her jacket. please reach out to our support team for further assistance at support@baubax.com
@ ulrich veh  i will have someone from my support team reach out to you shortly, be on the look out for our email!
bought this jacket for my mum, she absolutely loves it but unfortunately has lost the stylus pen of the zipper! is there any way of buying a new one??
still waiting. unbelievable...
contrary to a lot of the reviews here, i am quite happy with mine. as with most kickstarter projects, you just have to lower your expectations. as a matter of fact, it's more a leap of faith more than anything. if it didn't work out, i was ready to accept it, but fortunately mine turned out better than expected, albeit the long wait. i got the blazer, and considering how a blazer should fit, i didn't expect to fill up all the pockets at the same time. i was most intrigued with the integrated zipper/hood and that came out perfectly. the fit was spot on, considering that the size selection was only s,m, and l. anyone who knows how to buy suits/blazers, it should come in sizes like a 38s, 38r, or 38l for a better fit. i would say the s would be a 38r.  there was no need to alter it in anyway except to shorten the sleeves, but by no means are the sleeves long. i'm just a little obsessive compulsive about sleeve length. overall i would give it a solid 4/5.
@bruce gilliland: have worn my bomber a couple of times now and have appreciated the various pockets, including the hand warming pockets; it's getting cold here(by our standards). glad to hear you finally got your cooler. at least the creators of that project are still trying to honour their commitments to their backers, and you got it during warm weather. :-)
hello great backers!  i would like to address some of the comments here. @betty and @a.j.:  i want to look into your issues personally but do not have enough information.  please send an email to support@baubax.com and put it to my attention.  i will personally take a look into each.  betty, the blankets were shipped separately and all backers should have received them by now.  a.j., with more information i can look into specifics of your shipment.  thank you for your comments.  i am here to help!
@ rolts - i forgot to mention earlier that my coolest cooler came june 28 - almost two years after the campaign ended in august 2014. people who think baubax has problems should have tried to get one of these coolers.
re: post from jessica at baubax - it's interesting they finally got around to posting something here about the exchange program. several of us have had to post this information for months because baubax would not say anything here. in this case, "better late than never" still isn't good enough.
@ rolts - i have been away from here for three weeks, so i missed your response to me on june 12. glad you finally got to test your bomber. my windbreaker got used several times on my trip through southwest u.s. back in may. as for the mask, i used some velcro dots as another poster mentioned - easy to apply and works well. @ kat, @ alex jarman - glad to see you folks are still around. kat, i need to get back on your trading page. i finished up with an extra jacket in my early efforts to get the right sizes for my wife and daughter (who now have jackets that fit). alex, i saw a facebook ad for baubax showing what looked like a bomber jacket but with no sleeves. i went to the baubax web site and all i saw was the charging feature, no actual jackets. you ought to get one, whatever it will be. i'm sure they will get it right this time! :)
@jason - thank you for the replacement pen info =)
hello to all our wonderful backers,  if you are wanting to do an exchange, a jacket is missing, have not received your jacket etc please reach out to our online return centre (https://baubax.supportsync.com/)  register to create your account. this will allow our support team to assist you further and provide a resolution.  thank you for all your support
@jason emans thanks so much for solution no. 2, just realized i lost my pen after some times.
folks 1. for those looking for a solution for the eye mask.  my wife and i used simple velco dots from walmart to secure the mask up. no sewing, clean cheap and secure. http://www.walmart.com/ip/26934997… 2. for those looking for a replacement pen, my wife lost hers in the first two weeks... i found these to be the exact same pen with a different logo. the pen fits the baubax zipper cap to a t. (baubax of corse gave me the standard auto reply about returns.) https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0127dud0y/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1… hope these help j
@rolts: i am actually did this way by sew a button in the hood to hold the mask up just right after i received my bomber and found out this eye mask issue through youtube video couple month ago.
still haven't received my jacket/blanket. it was supposed to be a father's day gift for my husband.  not happy at all. what's the hold up?
i received my sweatshirt a while ago and took it on a big trip - it's very lovely overall. i have a feeling it will last a very long time. that being said, here's two (small) things that i hope to see improved next time: -inner pockets sewn so they don't move around inside (ex. every time i use the lens cloth in the pocket, i have to sit there and fiddle with it so it lays well again and doesn't have odd protrusions). -perhaps slightly thinner fabric for the hand warmer part - it's lovely and i almost always use them, but when i tuck them in the sleeves, it gets a bit bulky... not a huge deal but if you're fine tuning an awesome product, that's something to look at). also, do you sell replacement pens? my pen completely fell off during a european trip (it's probably due to a messenger bag strap pulling at it and not the sweatshirt). overall, i'm super thrilled with the hoodie and love it completely. i'm just bummed that it's too warm to be wearing it right now. great job!
@ russell loud; zipper on one side for males and the opposite for females seems to be a usa thing. i have jackets by a number of different manufacturers, european and american, some made in asia; and the zipper almost all of them is the same as that on the baubax male l bomber i received. @ avant strangel: re: the eye mask - i'm going to put a small loop on the mask and sew a small button into the hood to hold the mask up when not required. i think it will be a better solution than using velcro.
finally received the bomber. mask comes down when you use hood in the rain. a bit annoying and the rfid stretch goal in the survey didn't get implemented. it was a nice idea but the quality and look of the bomber looks like something from the 80's when you put it on.
did anyone else end up with a sweatshirt with the zipper pull on the incorrect side? can this be returned ,traded or donated?
my shipment for two bombers and a blanket only came with two bombers. i've been asking for either a refund for the blanket or a confirmation that the blanket has been shipped or will be shipped by the distribution centre. of course, i've only received a standard reply at first saying that my order was being processed and will be shipped soon, with no acknowledgement to my specific situation. then, i've been ignored since the beginning of may. i am not confident that the company will honour the payment they've received. my bomber fits too small on me even though i'm a petite female. the sleeves were not comfortable, especially the built-in gloves. the jacket did not keep me warm enough even during spring temperature (15-22 degrees celsius). i have only worn it once and put it away. i've been hoping the blanket will be more useful, but i cannot tell because it is not here yet.
worst project. in addition of all the faults, they send me an invoice with higher price so i paid extra tax. they said that they will refund the extra payment through the carrier but i didn't have any response. i've already made fill the form of the webpage but still nothing.
still don't have it yet and no reply my contact from baubax.supportsync.com what's happen? 日本でまだ受け取っていない人はいますか？ 情報交換希望です。
stretch goal for comments 15k of whinging people, that seem to think this is a forum for counselling and a shoulder to cry on.....
just got my exchanged jackets... despite the good replacement time (roughly 4 weeks) i must say that i am a little bit dissapointed by the exchange strategy and the resulting and extremly high costs. returning our two unussually slim fit jackets (m & xl) for replacement to l & xxl results in 49 eur (55 usd) shipping from germany to hongkong. additionally the 30 usd pre-payment to baubax for the shipping back to germany. the jackets have been sent back to me using tnt as carrier. they charge 25 eur (27 usd) as "customs charge" and the jackets have been treated not as exchanged but as newly importet, resulting in another 95 eur (110 usd) import turnover tax. now i can run to the customs with all the papers to prove that it is an exchange instead of a new purchase and try to get at least the 95 eur import turnover tax back that i paid twice now. these two jackets have become incredibly expensive... *** important to all german exchange customers: (who are still waiting for their jackets) *** do not allow tnt (or any other carrier) to do the customs for you. claim to do the custom formalities yourself (selbstverzollung). take all the printed emails from initial order of the jackets, the customs papers from first import and the (printed!) exchange emails with baubax and go to the customs yourself. this will save you a lot of anger.
hey all, i requested an exchange and got my jacket on friday. wore it over the weekend and am very happy with it :) timelines for those interested... 28 mar 2016 - i sent an email asking for instructions on exchanging.  28 apr 2016 - i received instructions on what to do. 5 may 2016 - i followed instructions and formally requested an exchange. 6 may 2016 - i received an email with paypal account details, shipping labels for printing, further instructions, etc. 7 may 2016 - i made payment. 27 may 2016 - i sent the jacket (yes... nearly 3 weeks later... i kept putting it off. i could have sent it back sooner.) 6 june 2016 - baubax confirm they have received my jacket. 15 june 2016 - baubax notify me saying they have shipped my replacement. 17 june 2016 - jacket received. (super fast! they must have sent it a couple of days before telling me.)
this is a regretful purchase and they really aren't worth $274
man i'm just so disappointed, barely any of my messages on email are being responded and the blue colour for the windbreaker looks horrible, i knew it would which is the reason i asked for a black colour but no response after several emails a few weeks before they arrived. i really want to exchange it but i just know it would be a huge hassle and i could literally go to the hk warehouse and exchange it there if thats possible instead of wasting all this time.
hello good people.  guess who got a refund?  yep.  i did.  just wanted to let people here know it is possible and to give everyone a heads up that sanghavi gave an interview the other day saying he is launching a new kickstarter campaign to fund travel clothing with recharging capabilities.  yes... here on kickstarter.  the facebook review/commiserate group is still live.  it's an open group.  the members there have made great strides in assisting those with problems.  you can find the group here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ there is also a north american exchange group set up that some people have success with in selling or swapping out their mis-sized items.  that's here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
@aksel, janice, & danny: from the latest update:  "exchanges: those who would like to exchange your jackets or received a defective/wrong item: we’ve setup an account with support sync to process all your exchange requests. we have been using this system for past few weeks and reaching out to our backers who have emailed their requests. please use this link to our online return centre: https://baubax.supportsync.com/ please register for your exchange requests. when sending your original jacket for the exchange please remember to include the hang-tag, pen/stylus and neck pillow. please do not return the gloves or pocket water bottle."
i just saw other people got size exchanged ! trying to find out how can anyone tell me? so many comments to scroll and not sure where to look that would be so nice :) thanks janice
the women's bomber jacket is awkwardly fitting too small :( i won't be able to wear it comfortably .. i wear a small in all my other jackets, many brands different cuts they all fit fine.. so sad :(
ive been wearing my daily for the last month for the commute to and from work (winter and freezing in melbourne australia) love it keeps me warm.doesnt feel bulky and the hand warmers are perfect. the eye mask is the only annoying part. but can live with that.
i was extremely disappointed with my women's sweatshirt hoodie and immediately put it in my charitable donation box, what a waste of money. the sizing was fine but it was overly heavy and awkward for a petite female (probably for most as well)? perhaps i should have realized this with all the inclusions but i didn't, thought it was an ingenious idea. in retrospect it's much easier to go with my usual routine of carrying my ipad & a shawl for warmth or neck/back support in my travel bag.
i had ordered 2 jackets and as soon as they arrived i was off for a euro trip. initially, i found the jacket to be a little heavy but as i started using it i found it was perfect. it kept me warm, dry and there was ample of space to carry around a lot of things. i am super impressed with the jacket and it is no doubt one of the best jackets available in the market currently
i ordered 3 jackets last fall – men’s medium sweatshirt, women’s medium sweatshirt and women’s large windbreaker.  when orders started being delivered and it was clear that sizing was off, i changed my women’s large windbreaker to a women’s xxl windbreaker.  we then waited and waited and waited.  the jackets finally arrived late april.  the sweatshirts fit my daughter and son-in-law perfectly….as long as they did not use any of the pockets.  my xxl windbreaker was so small that i could not even zip it up.  i have never worn an xxl anything.  we decided to exchange all 3 jackets for 3 windbreakers.  we used my women’s xxl to help determine sizing but it was still a wild guess.  i went with a men’s xl windbreaker, my daughter went with a women’s xl windbreaker and my son-in-law went with a men’s l windbreaker.  the jackets arrived yesterday.  the women’s xl windbreaker fit my 5’4” and 135 pound daughter perfectly.  the men’s l windbreaker fit my son-in-law perfectly.  the men’s xl windbreaker fit me (5’2” and large chested ;-) ) perfectly except the sleeves.  with the built-in gloves exposed, they almost reach my knees and the built in gloves cover almost my full hand.  i am going to have to pay to have the jacket sleeves altered because there is no way i can even push the sleeves up as there is just too much material.
me also i didn't receive anything!!! how can we follow up with the order or the shipment?
i am really sad because i still haven't heard back regarding to my shipment. nothing on is it shipped or whatsoever. i've sent them a ticket hopefully i heard back from them, if not this is totally a scam.
i gave away both my jackets weeks ago; my women's medium to a friend who normally wears a size petite; it fits her perfectly and a men's xl to a tall female relative, which is only slightly too big on her.  i had no confidence that any exchange would fit either myself or my husband, and preferred to write it off as a loss then deal any more with this company.
hi there, i am backer 15,706 and i have not received any information about my jackets, and have definitely not received any sort of shipment. please send me updates as it has been way too long. thanks
as most other backers experience, my windstopper is a bit smaller than what it's supposed to be, i got that exchange and now everything is fine.  the jacket is indeed in pretty good quality and all features works as advertised. for the rest of people that wasn't satisfied, here is some help. 1.  the size they offer seems like japanese size.  at least 1-2 size smaller than what you usually wear.  for asian , you would still need to order one size bigger. 2. if you still didn't get your jacket, go to https://baubax.supportsync.com/ raise a ticket. 3. i wouldn't say the communication so far has been great from baubax, but as you should find out by now, kickstarter is not an online shopping center.  if you google "kickstarter and delay", you should find many many projects delay big time.  i have run into project delay for 1 year.   if you don't understand how kickstarter works, stay away from it.   if you want something deliver to you on time, what you need is amazon.com. 4.  did i mentioned kickstarter is not an online shopping site?
this company sucks.  not just a little, but like golf ball through a garden hose level sucks.  they suck so much that even light cannot escape their suck.  they suck at production, delivery, logistics, sizing, quality control, customer service, pr, you name it, the only thing they don't suck at, making a good video that ripped off a bunch of people.  questions i will ask in the future prior to crowdsourcing: 1) does this guy seem like he will rip me off? 2) what is the likelihood that this clown understands global manufacturing 3) what chance in hell does this guy have of controlling his manufacturing partners to make sure that the jacket he advertises is the one he delivers 4) does this clown understand sizing charts, and as a bonus question can the manufacturers read a measuring tape.  if i can't get a hell yeah to all the above there will be no funding.  on the upside, i now understand that using kickstarter is very much like going a yard sale.  you have a very low probability of leaving with anything of worth.  so thank baubax for your epic level of suck, crappy product, and fantastic life lessons. i hope you choke on it.
i just took my first trip with my windbreaker. the jacket was awesome and worth the long wait and size exchange hassle. with its umpteen zippered pockets, i had good (separate) places for my boarding pass, phone, earphones, money, etc. when i got on the plane, my teen made fun of the geeky water bottle and attached pen, but about an hour later she was trying to doodle on a drawing app on her phone and i handed her the stylus. ha ha - she liked it. (unfortunately after a couple hours of use, the tip of the ballpoint pen got stuck in the cap.) i was trying to watch a movie but the lady in the seat behind me had her window shade up, and the jacket and stiff hood made a perfect curtain. i got cold and slipped the built-in wrist/hand warmers on. nice!  later, when i decided to take a nap, i happily remembered the little flap that pulls down from the hood--just the ticket! you know, i think it is all about having the right expectations. this was my first time ever backing something that was crowdfunded. when i first bought the jacket in august or july of last year i remember that the estimated shipping was november.  having a background in consumer products, i thought to myself, unlikely. i even felt a little bad for the baubox team, because i thought, they probably think they're going to be able to ship in november, but they have a rat's chance (and possibly they know that, but need to say november so that they can get people to buy for the holiday shopping season). but the jacket was such a good idea (finally, a jacket with a million zippered pockets!), i bought it anyway. i ended up buying a cheap jacket at costco just to get me through the rainy season. when the baubax jacket finally showed up in march or april, i thought, wow, that took even longer than i thought. and i was pretty disappointed when my ladies small felt like a child's medium �. but when i asked about exchanges, i got an answer with specific instructions (to wait for an rma), which took a while, but when i got it, i followed the (perfect) instructions and got several updates along the way. when i finally got my size large, it fit perfectly! (note: i am 120 pounds and usually wear small or xs!). in the end, i am very happy and would buy from these creative newbies again. and, i also just backed my second crowdfunded project: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/keepgear/the-keep-gamefolio-system it's supposed to ship in november. we will see... � anyways, thanks baubax!! i love my jacket!!!
@ greg johnson: re; the pillow not inflating - a comment posted by backer jason lee may help.  "... the valve is the rubber seal on the inside - it stays shut using back pressure. reach your finger in and feel around for the valve (it might be bent over but its attached on the flat section of the inside of the valve). once you find it flip it back so it sits flush to the bottom of the valve, blow in and put a bit of pressure on the pillow and it should seal up just from back pressure."
still waiting for my jacket despite having done the survey, despite having provided a correct address, despite four or five or six email exchanges with the company.  i live in hong kong, they ship from hong kong and yet they can't seem to get me my jacket (and one excuse was that the delivery agent couldn't find my address - the agent, hong kong post office, the address, the main branch!)
i love the jacket, but i am having a problem with the neck pillow.  it won't stay inflated.  is there something i am doing wrong?  please help if you can!  thank you!
you can call us 'amazing' and 'incredible' backers all you want but the proof is in how you act, now what you say. the truth is that you have been an unbelievably poor at customer service from start to finish, so much so that you have manage to ensure that many first time backers will never back another kickstarter project. you excel at obfuscation and sales techniques and have no interest in showing even the most basic courtesy to your backers. you will fail but unlike other failing companies there will be no sympathy whatsoever given the moral vacuum that is baubax.
ordered/received a windbreaker and a bomber.  followed the sizing provided but obviously the manufacturer didn't.  wow, i could barely get my arm in the jacket and i'm not large.  return went fairly well, switched to men's sizes and they're ok.  i liked the women's styling better, but as far as sizing - totally unrealistic for humans - unless you're a twig.  if you have any curves, forget it.  basically ok with experience but not likely to support further endeavors from this company - took way too long to fulfill with very little comprehensive information about status.
should be called world's worst travel jacket. i'm actually shocked that people talking about the gloves. cheap and tacky.  don't hold your breath.
dear baubax team, i've tried to reach you several times via tickets regarding shipping and no reply at all, please do something with your support. thanks
i have really enjoyed the three that i bought  they are comfortable and very useful the gloves are amazing to be able to wear them and still use my phone is fantastic thanks simon perth australia
please help me with my shipment, still don't have it yet
@alex wilson: you need to go to http://baubax.com/exchanges/ and open a case.
return i meant not truly darn auto spell
my jackets arrived a while back, but are a size too small. y'all said you would let me know when to truly urn them for an exchange. it's been a few months without a reply. when and where can i send them back for a larger size? i would like to wear them at some point. alex
@ bruce gilliland: took the bomber jacket on my weekend away in cool, damp conditions.  +ves - warm, moisture repellant for light drizzle. pockets worked a treat for phone and other items. the hand warmer pockets were cosy. being able to remove the hood was a plus when hopping in and out of the car as it reduced the bulk. -ves - as soon as i used the hood, i had the eye mask issue that others have mentioned. the built in, half gloves were a little cumbersome and a real pain when wearing a watch.  overall i was happy with the jacket but i'm going to undertake a minor mod on the hood. i'm going to add a small loop (like the headphone loops) to the centre of the free edge of the eye mask and sew a small button into the hood. this should keep it in place for me without the discomfort of velcro or hooks.
where are the jackets... been almost a year wtf!!!!
me too still waiting. no response from baubax...
still waiting the jackets and no response too.
the sizing is way off - even after reading comments about it and ordering a larger size, it's ridiculously bad.  the bomber jacket is supposed to be fleece-lined. well, the pockets are fleece lined, but the jacket itself is not. pretty sad (and expensive) experience all around.
still waiting. no response from baubax...
well, the saga is over for me! as many other backers experienced, my original size selection was off... all 4 models were too small. so i opened a case and waited. while it took a couple of weeks for my case to get their attention, once the rma was created, everything happened very quickly. my final verdict: bomber: happy with the final product! sweatshirt: happy with the final result! blazer: generally happy with the final result. but even with the right size, it's a little awkward when i lift my arms. windbreaker: happy with the final product! water bottles and gloves: oh well... inflatable pillows: good as stand-alone but way too heavy to leave in hoods.  blanket: ok, just ok price: overall price paid, including 4 jackets, blanket, original shipping, shipping back and return shipping is more than the real value of the garment i received. globally, i'm ok with the final outcome. shopping for clothes without trying them is always risky... let alone when it's a crowdfunding projet!
@ tamra garvin - i'm sorry i didn't see your post sooner. also, i'm sorry you didn't take time to look at some of the posts below yours. you would have found a possible answer to your problem. you need to go to  http://baubax.com/exchanges/ and open a case. you can select an option to report non-delivery.
well, well .... a refund and return postage paid from canada. be persistent, people. i had to repeat myself many, many times before they gave up and did the right thing.
my first experience with kickstarter was for the bomber jackets. i was very hyped and proud to support what seemed to be a great product.  they obviously lost sight of the importance of  customer service. i pledged $389 in july 2015.amount pledged  $389.00 usd estimated delivery  nov 2015 shipping  united states ($20) reward  special price - pack of 3 choose any 3 styles from baubax - sweatshirt, windbreaker and bomber jacket.  mix and match or get 3 of the same in any color and size of your choice. it is now june 7, 2016. a month shy of one year from my initial order.  no jackets.  i recently asked for a refund and of course i am not surprised that they haven't responded.  i feel like i'm dealing with the abyss.  no respect for folks with no character.
@bruce-  there may have been an evening where i tried to have a mini photo shoot with leonidas and the jacket....it was unsuccessful...
@ melissa, @ rolts - glad to see you folks are still around. about the bomber, once we got the right sizes, my wife and daughter liked theirs, but it's too warm here in the u.s. south to use them now. rolts, let us know what you think of it after using it. sounds like melissa got some use from hers, even if she didn't use the kitten pocket.
@danny barao-feliciano  - you need to go to http://baubax.com/exchanges/ and open a case, whilst comments here may be monitored by the creators from time to time, tthey do not respond to these postings.  @melissa & bruce gilliland; hi :-0 it's finally cool enough here in oz to need a jacket. the bomber is about to be deployed.
just got mine!! it's so great! every feature is better than expected.
to the money robbing bastards... i have been messaging every month since feb (3 times in april) and i'm yet to receive any communication or my item. i have contacted kickstarter directly and they said to contact the creator.... what the hell?? read my messages or refund my money!! its simple!!!
hiiiii bruce!  glad you enjoyed your travels with it! i wore the bomber quite a bit during march-april when it was still pretty cold.  i used the pillow and eye mask a lot when i worked a double at the restaurant and had an hour to chill.  people were all quite impressed with the features. i'm with you- business practices not so great, and product is not quite what we expected.  but so far, i have gotten a ton of use out of the bomber!
@ sherry - did you read the post right below yours? it told you what you need to do.
quickly question about the men's blazer: is there a way to connect the neck pillow to the hood. and secondly is there a convenient way to stash the headphones after routing them through the three headphone loops?
i pledged money for a jacket 10 months ago, and have not yet received it.  help, anyone???
@ ailie - you need to go to http://baubax.com/exchanges/ and open a case to have your item exchanged. they will send you an approval and an invoice from paypal to pay the difference and return shipping and a shipping label. all the information is on that page. i did this and the entire process: opening a case, paying the invoice, shipping out my return, and getting the new one took 8 days in the us. good luck.
hi could someone please contact me, i have been trying to find out when i will get my order
still don't have it rip
can anyone help me here? i bought two jackets from you guys and this is an excellent design!! however there are some problems with the items that came with the jacket. the head rest will deflate itself in about 5 mins. which means i can't really use it during the flight... one of jacket doesn't come with the pen.. thank you..
traveling with my baubax windbreaker. my wife and i just completed a 3-week "grand tour" of the u.s. southwest. while you (and i) might assume it would be hot there, that was not always true. on may 24, i got up early to shoot the sunrise at the grand canyon north rim. it was 35f. i had a fleece liner under the windbreaker. the built-in gloves got used. on some mountain tops, the wind was a steady 40 mph. in texas, heavy rains fell at times. the so-called "drink" pocket on the upper right got used for my sunglasses - easier to access than the inside pocket. the "passport" pocket was too small for my national parks passport book, but it held my hotel room key card quite well. the phone charger pocket held my phone charger. how unique. while i had to do the exchange process to get a windbreaker that fit, the one i took on my trip worked well when needed. i expect to use it on future trips. this is not an endorsement of baubax. their business practices have not been good. but i have to say that they product i bought worked as planned - once i got the correct size. ps: the pillow works, but i did not take it. i drove most of the 5,500 miles on the trip, so i had to stay awake. :)
as arnold famously said, "i'm back!" re: recent posts about not receiving jackets. you need to go to this site and create a case to report the problem. https://baubax.supportsync.com you will need to have the email you received last fall where you received a confirmation of the order you placed. it verified the style, color and size of the jacket(s) you ordered.
looking for information re: exchanges. my jacket is too small for me. last update from april said that they were waiting on all shipments to go out. has this been achieved? thank you
got my bomber jacket a few months back and i'm less than pleased with the overall product. i felt there were a number of design failures that translated into a sub-par product: 1. there was no system to keep the eyeshades up in the hoodie. whenever i pull the hoodie down, the eyeshades will flop over my eyes. in rainy weather this resulted in the eyeshades absorbing a lot of water. 2. the sleeves are not properly insulated. in winter my arms still feel cold. 3. all the pockets meant for heavier items are on the right. if i were to use the drink holder pocket and ipad pocket, it would become very heavy on the right. baubex should have put some thought into spreading out the pockets, oh well, that's kickstarter for you. next time i'll just wait for the final product and read the reviews first.
i've only bad things to say about my hoodie i received. i disagree with alan tseng in regards to the sizing of the sweatshirt. i measured carefully several times and ordered a medium only to have it oversized for me. the quality of the sweatshirt feels premium at first glance but in reality it is very uncomfortable and most (if not all) of the advertised features are incredibly useless such as the too small can pocket as well as the low quality inflatable pillow. i can't imagine how awkward it would be to actually try and use all of the pockets in the sweater as it is already stiff and uncomfortable enough as it is. if you are reading this and you are thinking about getting this travel jacket with all these cool features, as an owner of one of the sweatshirts i would advise you not to purchase any of the baubax items and to spend your money on something else. please do not support baubax now or in the future as you will be supporting a company that not only delivered a subpar product but also chooses to deny its many unsatified customers of a refund (not to mention the fact they want the customer to pay for shipping both ways if you want a size exchange). once again i will say do not waste your money here, thanks for reading.
looks like the whole product line is on sale here: http://www.ebags.com/brand/baubax
i have ordered mine since 3rd of september 2015 and now it is almost june 2016. already 9 months have passed and i am still yet to receive the products. and no tracking emails and all. only tons of apologizing emails from them regarding the delay. to be honest, i'm deeply disappointed in them.
hello there. i was writing in hopes that i could find out where to find or purchase a replacement stylus and pens. mine fell out of my jacket almost immediately and i was hoping to get a new one. i also had my replacement pens explode in the plastic sack and my gloves had a hole in them and i would like to find extra of them also.
got our bombers 2 months ago in singapore. everything fits out and all the pockets that were advertised to be there supposedly were there. but from a consumer point of view, i certainly feel that it's been overhyped and overpriced. for the same amount of money, i could have gotten something else better. i tried placing our travel gears into the pockets, it all became too heavy and the weight actually rested on your neck and shoulders and it created a discomfort for me. in all, it's not a travel jacket to be.  and judging by the many negative feedbacks on this company, it will not be one to be for my future option to back too.
question to all backers: was the jacket being send from switzerland?
i still have not received my blazer or any tracking email. from canada.
received my hoodies (one gray sweatshirt + one blue bomber) a few weeks back, been wearing them for a few times each, been pretty happy about them so far. for those of you who complain about the hoodies not fitting, maybe you should have paid more attention to the measurements before you responded to the surveys. i went medium for both and they fit perfectly. for different occasions i would wear different jackets. the sweatshirt is pretty good for general outdoor use from spring to fall, but may be a bit too warm for summer (would be great for evenings for camping trips though). it's a more relaxed fit with sleeves a bit longer than what i'm used to. i find the cuff a bit too loose - probably to accommodate the use of the built-in glove. the hood is nicely constructed but the eye-shade portion is rather soft and would usually fall down to cover my eyes even though i'm just walking with the hood up. otherwise i'm ok with it. the bomber is good for chill days - the high collar really helps keeping the wind out of my neck. unfortunately the collar is made of a material that doesn't really flip down when i don't want to zip it all the way up. also the bomber is surprisingly thin - i think on a general cold day with no wind, the sweatshirt may actually do a better job at keeping me warm than the bomber. i received one stylus/pen on each jacket and the stylus tip on the one on my sweatshirt already fell off and lost. possibly due to crappy gluing jobs. otherwise the pen is fairly convenient (and always have that "whoa" factor) if i need a pen and don't have one with me. i used the foldable water bottles on my last hike and they were pretty good. froze the water and let it thaw while hiking, and the bottles held up nicely. can't really say the same for the carabiners that came with the bottles though...... but then those are just added stuff. overall, let's just say i'm considering ordering a blazer too.
@s. nunn, i agree with you.  i decided rather than spend the money to get a replacement, the entire box is going to salvation army.
i don't like to use this word and i don't use it lightly,but i hate our baubax hoodies!!!!!! they do not fit! i don't have time to keep trying to get through and i will never buy anything from them again !!!!!! i want my money back. i was told that i have to pay return shipping which is even more money out of my pocket!!! horrible horrible business practice!  i'm going to strike this up as kickstarter's biggest, most expensive,bogus, flop!!! fifteen features that fall off,break,don't stay inflated,zippers get stuck and have trouble starting,the thingy falls over my eyes at the most inopportune and dangerous times,driving for instance!  arms to long,must i go on. sorry baubax,but i call it like i see it. no candy coating here. check my other reviews and comments. i will give praise and encouragement when deserved. trying to get a response is futile. ended up selling one on ebay to recoup some money and didn't even break close to even. i'm pretty disgusted. can't even get a bite for the xlarge black hoodie. this is just horrible. you should of put your money into your product and not so much in your advertising. that comes later when you have something worth while and of good quality.
i also have not received my order or any advice about shipping by jacket and blanket.
a month and a half since they said all orders will be shipped and i still haven't gotten mine nor any shipping info and no response to the email i sent. i live in atlanta. anyone else still having issues or any ideas? at this point i'll just settle for getting my money back...
this comment section is looking more like, a complaint forum than a feedback section.  has none of u realized that this company no longer reads or comments on kick-starter ?  if u want to cry and complain keep posting as u might get a simpathic ear but no solutions, as for this project.... well......
@joannac - so they got your request to change the size to large but didn't respond? not surprised,  but glad it worked out. just think - soon you will never have to deal with them again.
@tara preston ... and after logging in to the stupid site, they updated the sizing 6 days ago - but haven't replied to any of the 2 comments i made since then. sigh. at least this means i can send it now
@tara preston i did already pay. but i think i'll start a new rma anyway
@ joannac - did you already pay the paypal thing? if not, i recommend just starting a new request for an exchange to a large.
hi all, which pocket do you put the drink bottle in? cheers, di
i have worn my jacket a grand total of 3 times and the buttons are ripping off the sleeves, i take it there is no sort of warranty on all of this.
hi baubax - i have not received my blazer nor heard anything from you guys in quite a while - is everything ok?
anyone having trouble getting a response from baubax? i initiated an rma (swapping a small for a medium), made the paypal transfer, and then asked whether i could request a different size (large - i re-measured and decided to err on the side of getting a larger size) 8 days and 3 comments on the ticket later, the only reply i got was the instructions for paypal transfer again (which i already made 8 days ago) any tips? i don't want to send the jacket until i get confirmation, i bet if i send it i'll just get a medium back.
@tara i used to have a waist..... but not after i gave birth to my 2nd child. lol...... think i'll go for the male version too. baubax reply to my exchange within 24 hours.
@ sharon - i exchanged my women's large bomber for a men's large bomber and it fits much better. i think the women's are fitted for waists, which i have none. i am not sure about the windbreaker though. i can also say that the total exchange process took about a week. it was fairly painless.
my jacket doesn't fit, but i took the neck pillow on a recent trip and it was crap. i would inflate it and it would stay inflated for about 5 minutes, then completely deflate very quickly. so far the blanket is the only useful part of this purchase.
@bruce gilliland, thank you, hope you have a great trip. thanks for mentioning my name twice!!! lol...... i haven't been here lately. @anyone still here helping  just dropping by to check on all the exchange as i'm planning to exchange mine. thinking of getting a male windbreaker size s instead of getting the female size m. male windbreaker should be a looser fit right? anybody? any idea?
@matthias. if i were you, i'd open a case here: https://baubax.supportsync.com but i suspect this might not be their top priority given the sizing issues.
hey guys, is there somebody able to help me? i lost my stylus but baubax dosn´t answer my question where i can get another one. thanx
the sizing issues that baubax has is very common and i urge people not to pay for an exchange.  it is their responsibility to deliver a product that adheres to their own sizing chart.  i've had a customer service rep tell me that someone with a 36 inch chest should fit into a jacket has measures 36 inches around the chest, which is an ludicrous assertion.  i am now moving to file a complaint with the bbb and i will wait for them to send me a prepaid label to process a return and refund.  failing which, i will start a chargeback process with the credit card company.  there are numerous groups on facebook discussing this and some users have successfully received refunds, free exchanges or credit card charge backs against baubax.  i refuse to give money to a company that took the faith of the kickstarter community and spat in its face.
@ darshan ravindran: whilst baubax may monitor the comments here, they don't seem to respond to them. try opening a case via baubax.com/exchanges. this avenue seems to be the best for backers with issues regarding rewards.
@ bob rosenbaum: re; the pillow not inflating - a comment posted by backer jason lee may help. "... the valve is the rubber seal on the inside - it stays shut using back pressure. reach your finger in and feel around for the valve (it might be bent over but its attached on the flat section of the inside of the valve). once you find it flip it back so it sits flush to the bottom of the valve, blow in and put a bit of pressure on the pillow and it should seal up just from back pressure."
i received my jacket, but the pillow will not hold air.  the valve or whatever is defective.  is there a way to get a new pillow insert?
can i get a full refund? your product may be great, but you failed as a company. refer to my emails..
what if we still have yet to receive our jackets?
quickly question about the men's blazer: is there a way to connect the neck pillow to the hood. and secondly is there a convenient way to stash the headphones after routing them through the three headphone loops?
dear baubax team, my jacket was delivered to the customs in berlin, germany. there was no direct delivery. because i was on travel around this time the customs sent it back. how can i get in touch with someone at baubax to figure out how to send it again to me. thanks.
is there an email address we can contact for an update on our order?
so i am 5'4 and 150lbs, 36c... yes i know i need to lose weight. :) anyway, i originally ordered a women's bomber size large. it was too tight as many have said here. they are slim fit comparisions. it was tight on the shoulders, around my tummy. just uncomfortable. so i started the exchange process. i opened a case onhttp://baubax.com/exchanges/. after reviewing sizes again and measuring myself again i requested a men's bomber size large. i paid the $10 fee and shipping cost, mailing it out last thursday the 12th. i got the replacement today, the 20th. while it is a little too big in places it fits much better and now i am happy. it is a good quality.
to everyone like me who has never received their jacket, i tried contacting kickstarter for assistance. that was a waste of time as well. has anyone ever heard directly from baubax about resolution. anyone have a phone number or physical address so we can contact the state's attorney general for assistance?
i wrote them 4 times and haven't had any answer, this talks bad about them, and also haven't received my jacket or any type of information about it. we want the product we bought period. have some respect with the people who supported you!!!.
hi there, i know you had shipping issues, but i'm still waiting for my jacket. can you please get back to me with an update? thank you.
i havent recived my order , i want to know the status
i usually wear a size 4-6 us women's and had to exchange my bomber for a xl (which is supposedly for us women's size 16); it is a bit roomy now, but it won't be if i wear a sweater under it.  if you actually wear size 16, you might not fit into any of these jackets, sorry to say.
@ bruce thank you :) i haven't been here for a while but wanted to see if thinks worked out fine for other backers and had to scroll down a bit to find someone i know (which felt actually kind if great, like meeting you again). i was not able to sell my jacket at my cost until now but i will try again later (or go on a diet). my big journey will start in 4 weeks but without the jacket. this has always been the plan since s.e.a. is to hot for the windbreaker, i wanted it for my daily commute to work. but i think i will take the pillow with me, which is great. kindest regards to all "regulars", maike
got my jackets a few weeks ago and they're great!  would like to order more but not sure how long i will have to wait in the us.  any idea when regular shipments will start?
bruce, you are a true gentleman. hope you are enjoying your vacation. all my best!
i've lost faith this will ever arrive in uk quality and customs aside... this is the most disappointing kickstarter i have participated to date .
fedex sent me an invoice wanting duty charge after one month of arrival of $220 some dollars in canada. wow...also the shipment was missing a few smaller things but after like a few weeks they gave me an email that look like an automated response and now never heard of again. the worst customer service i have ever dealt with so far...
finally got my jackets a couple of weeks ago (a hoodie and a blazer). i really liked them, fit is ok, it is a slim fit as expected. there are a little rough edges but i really like them. like the blazer really looses its form when inserting a tablet in the designated compartment. my biggest gripe is the pillow. it is really cumbersome to use the pillow and to store it. keep up the good work!
the hand covers are too tight and i have a tiny hand. it's also really hard to wear it since it's so tight and my hand is constantly stuck in the sleeve area...
so i had received my (2) jackets weeks ago.  1 was a gift 1 was for me.  after all the comments about sizing i tried mine out asap. i am 5'10 and a 34d and 150lbs so not that small but not big either. i had ordered a medium cause everything i wear is pretty much medium. i tried it on (bomber jacket) and it did fit... with me wearing a t-shirt. my main purpose for the jacket is travel... like a trip to alaska i took ( which after months of waiting the jacket arrived 1 week after i returned :( ) pretty much everywhere i fly to is cold because i already live in south fla. i decided to exchange to get a larger size that i could layer turtlenecks and sweaters underneath worthy of a floridan braving chicago winds. so i decided to exchange for an extra large! went on the link,  started the exchange, paid the $10 and the $13 to priority mail to ship back. everything went smooth. i got confirmation when they received, processed, and shipped back. i just received replacement today.  the extra large definitely had some room... but being tall and with layering i would rather  have it looser than snug any day. plus when i travel i do take my tablet and there was no way i could use the tablet pocket without it being loose. so the new size is perfect... only issue is that when i returned jacket i was also instructed to return gloves ( which don't really matter ) and also the flask. .. neither was returned back with the jacket :( not that i truly know if i would use either but..  it is the principal of it cause i already paid plenty in this whole situation . so i advise anyone making an exchange to clarify the accessory situation first.  as for me i have contacted them with the info of accessories and will wait patiently for a reply and thankfully it has been going pretty smooth for me.  definitely glad i bought these for sure.  my only issue is now there is no way i can top this jacket as a gift for my cousin this year!
what the hell do i have to do for you guys to reply to messages i have been sending since over 6 months ago!!!!
i got my blazer and it fits ok. the main problem is the insets with the hand covers.  they are sewn in one inch off to the right and left. it is either that or the whole sleeve on either side is one inch off. i cannot put my thumbs through the holes without twisting the sleeve. not sure of what to do. for now i have folded them over the sleeves. the jacket fits fine except for that annoying bit. i am glad i ordered it a size larger, as it is a fairly slim fit. also, one of the pillow loops was broken, but that was easy to fix. the little packet of gloves didn't even cover my hands fully and were obviously poorly made.
i got mine about 3 weeks ago. really sucks that they came this late considering i've been overseas in asia and australia and could've realllllly used this jacket in those couple of months. it is a slim fit. i'm 5' 11" and 175lbs but it fits be perfectly. i am a slim guy and the shoulders are just right. i can see someone who is a little bigger just not getting the right fit. it feels like a european large, it might just be me but i usually find their men to be a bit daintier than american men.
@bruce gilliland i salute you. good night and good luck.
got mine last week! it's very cool. a bit too warm for the summer, but very nice! thank you baubax team!
depending what you are exchanging for, mine was $10 and then shipping to them, which was $17 from colorado to washington.
@ erika poole -  5. for orders delivered upto april 30th 2016, we’ll accept exchange requests until may 31st 2016 6. for orders delivered after april 30th 2016 the exchange policy will be applicable for only 30 days from the date of delivery of the original jacket here is the link to process an exchange. http://baubax.com/exchanges/
so i was all excited at update 20....thinking my jacket was on the way........1 month later no sign of any tracking info. i emailed support on 13th may. still waiting for a reply to my query of why not no tracking info yet.........oh baubax.....yet more disappointment. at this point i doubt i will ever see my jacket, and unless it arrives with $100 in the pockets i will be unhappy.
the support seems terrible.... i moved home, and informed the support before moving. i received an email only when it was too late to collect to 2 blazer from the currier  i wrote several emails to support@baubax.com. finally i got neither delivery nor any answer to mail or case for missing jackets. so please contact me in private email and tell me what's up after so many months and missing answer i woul like my money back.
just read earlier comments and saw there was a timeline for the exchanges? does anyone have any information on that? i need to return mine and am away for a few weeks.
sigh. i got my bomber awhile back, and when i tried it on, i noticed the shoulders were quite tight. i decided to hold on to it and see if i would wear it or not. so, two days ago, packing for a two week trip, i go to put it on again, and realise no way. i have a toddler and i couldn't even pick him up without worrying the seams would pop. really irritating as the rest of it fits well (arm length, body length, waist for. now i have to go through all the palaver and costs with an exchange. :(
i just wanted to say thank you again...    i received my jacket, had a bit of an issue with the size, made contact, set up the exchange and done !    the exchange was handled without any issues and very quickly. my bomber is exactly what i expected/hoped it would be. good job guys !
after reading all these comments, i had my mom open up my box (because i'm deployed and had my jacket and sweatshirt sent to my parents house) and i just called her and asked her to try on both the jacket and the sweatshirt. they fit her perfectly and her and i are the same size. it's good to go back and check, however, i hope everyone gets their orders corrected and are eventually happy with their purchases. i'm actually excited to get back home and wear my jacket on my flights. cheers mates!
i was wearing in jp,cn,lv,lt and ru. (it's my travel) travel jacket(blazer) is really good for travel :) but and now i wanna washing it.  how can i do? to the dry‐cleaner's shop?
agree with sizing problems.  of course my bomber was way too small and it's costing a small fortune and a lot of patience to exchange.  shipping both ways plus a $10 fee required by baubax for the return, i am paying well over $50 extra for this jacket.  that part is extremely disappointing and needless to say, i will never back anything again.  this is my first experience with kickstarter.  my bad that i didn't realize the risk when backing something.  this is way too much of a hassle.  i am hoping that when i get my larger bomber, i will be happy with it. trying to stay optimistic that it will be worth all this headache and hit to my bank account!
weeks and weeks go by and yet no update on your exchange program. you do remember you included a deadline for some of your customers that is fast approaching, right? absolutely sickening, the way you treat us. update with the information people want and are waiting for. it's not hard. we're not asking for much here. we shouldn't have to email you and wait a week for a canned reply.
@ dennis li shyu - http://baubax.com/exchanges/ you have to start a case. these are the instructions.
how are people getting exchanges? i emailed the company a few weeks ago and still yet to be contacted back
@bruce gilliland - thank you. have a great trip :)
@bruce gilliland, thank you, hope you have a great trip. the weather down under is becoming cool enough that my bomber is getting closer to being used. :-)
i realize a few people are still having problems, but things seem to be winding down here. i have decided to take this opportunity to recognize a number of the backers who did more than just pose a question or complain about the lack of service. these are people who contributed to the discussions, offering suggestions, made relevant criticisms and tried to address the problems of others. i suspect that most of these folks are long gone and they probably will not see their names. also, i am sure i missed a number of others who met the criteria above. to them i apologize for omitting them. nevertheless, here are those that i believe helped to make this forum an interesting experience. i consider many of them friends for the time we shared together. rolts, nick wallace, alex jarman, maike m., eva lin, christophe, james bryne, kat, owen (great mountain), tan, sharon, anks, kances, kayle, ege celiba, bg, kunhan, jennifer cheong, taylor chen, david, steve, andrew conrad, melissa "taser creeper" and her kitten, elise, mike kopack, rita, bk lau, gin, bobby z, m.a., john smith, sojourner, thomas ma, michael chroney, raven team, costa, lawrence chan, karen ho, nick tesing, sharon, sabrina, h.t., olga kogan (great legal insights), kaiser kai, kristen guerarrace, honest buyer, susan scherr, imee cong and most recently tara preston. my windbreaker and i are headed out on a vacation tomorrow. i might not see much of this forum for a while. so, goodnight and goodbye.
got my replacement bomber today.  as with many here the original was too small.   have to say only thing smooth about this entire endeavor was the return.  not thrilled about paying shipping both ways to fix issues with their sizing chart but at least the process worked out quickly for me.  good luck to everyone!
i have been wearing a men's medium my entire adult life.  this jacket is too tight in the arms and around the midsection.  this is more fitting for a girl.  i am 5" 6"' tall and 150 lbs. and a medium is too tight.  since when.  i have requested a rma and credit over a month ago.  terrible customer service.  is this polite enough....
@baubax the sizing chart on your website is just plain wrong.  based on the comment i see so far here, people have to order 1 size up (windbreaker) in order to fit correctly.  these are like japanese sizing which used in japan.
this support seems to be mockery! i can't believe it! wrote several emails to support@baubax.com, on facebook, and opened a case on https://baubax.supportsync.com/ finally got neither delivery nor any answer to mail or case for missing jackets! this seems to be practise out of the law.  i'm a german backer but i'm really patiently. but if you won't get any open ear for supporters anger at least to reduce distrust, what do you think will happen... i got an answer here to go to baubax.supportsync.com. that doesnt seem to work. so please contact me here in private email and tell me what's up with https://baubax.aftership.com/cp982573047hk and please send me my reward: a charcoal sweater and blue bomber in male size l. wouldn't it be fine finally to get positive feedback?
my jacket came in with wrong labels by the shipment company and was hold at customs with me having to pay more tax and custom. fuck me but it was only hold for a short while before it was send back to you. i emailed you and wrote here 2 months ago. still no reply.
finally got my navy blazer s. it fits like a normal blazer. the fun part is the extra pockets, the pen, the hoodie that's detachable. the neck pillow you probably want to bring along separately. the wrist gloves are also nice.  i am content with the purchase despite the wait time. now if it was only cooler for me to use the blazer as in brooklyn ny, it is getting warmer at this time of the year.
best hoodie to use and fall asleep to in boring lectures  :) love them
@doug cuff - also, my address label was attached to the email that had the rma number on it. i missed it yesterday too and was waiting for a payment receipt thinking they would send it with that. but nope, it was on the first email.
i was investor 68** and finally got my blazer and bomber. yes, the medium was a bit snug for both but the sleeves (i ordered women's medium tall) were fine. pillow did not work for the blazer but i got an rma and got a pillow 2 weeks later via fedex (i did not need to return entire blazer to get a replacement pillow- thank goodness). all-in-all i am just relieved i got both after reading comments that people in other countries who were later investors getting their products months before i did. will try out blazer for a trip in 3 days and my comments may change.
fuck you baubax. your return policy is shit. 2 jackets have now cost me about $700cad. because i had to return one and you idiots sent it via fedex back to me. meaning now i have to pay customs duties and taxes on a fucking jacket i already paid custom duties and taxes. insane. these jackets are nice but no where freaking what i paid for them. fuck me.
@ dough cuff - double check this - i just processed a payment though paypal for $10 for the exchange and hadn't got the email with the return instructions and mailing label. i have no idea how long it takes to get it. but it was bugging me so i double checked to make sure it went through and realized i failed to but the rma number in the comments to seller. ugh! so i did it again and am asking for them to refund my payment. if they don't, they don't. it was my fault for failing to follow directions. so perhaps that is where the issue lies with your situation? just a suggestion.
mines held at customs... :/ emailed them a few times still no response after 3 weeks
@bruce gilland yes, i understand perfectly what should have happened. i have already been to the website you mention. i have created an account. i have been issued an rma. what has not happened is that i have not received the e-mail with the label. they have told me 3 times it has been sent. it has not arrived. and i have nowhere else to turn. i understand that you are trying to be helpful. but all you are telling me is what i already know should be happening. it's not happening, though. i have been in contact with the right people, but their actions are 100% ineffective. i'm stuck. i get told to go to baubax support. but their procedure is broken and does not work for me. it's catch-22. i can't "get inside the gate to get a pass without a pass to get inside the gate." have i made the problem any plainer?
never mind. i got the email requesting $10 for the exchange. yay!
@ bruce gilliland, thank you. i was just curious as i opened a case for exchange on the 9th and hadn't heard anything. hope i don't get lost in the shuffle. sorry to hear about the funeral. :(
i'm still waiting for my package....what gives?!?!
@ bogdan and everyone else having a problem - i hope you understand that baubax will not see or respond to your post here. you must contact baubax support. also, go to the exchange program website https://baubax.supportsync.com/ register your account and create a case for the missing non-delivered jackets. this is the only way you are going to get this resolved.
hello, i have messaged you last week about a package that was returned to you because i wasn't there to pick it up. could you help me in processing a refund?
@ doug cuff - you should have gotten an e-mail from baubax with a title like the one i got: exchange initiated - rma no rx1604123 : baubax returns it began, "hello bruce gilliland, we would like to inform you that a payment is required for this return processing. you can make the payment on the below link:- company name: baubax llc paypal id: baubaxllc@gmail.com link: www.paypal.com payment in the amount of 20.00 usd we request you to please write your rma number#: "rx1604123" in comments section of paypal. ....." this email would have come after you had submitted a request case. since you have the rma number, i assume you got a similar e-mail. the key is that attached to that e-mail should have been a pdf file with the return address label. you would print the label as the label instructs, you would cut and put part of the label with the rma number in the box with your jacket being returned. you would then seal the jacket inside the box, and use tape to attach the address part of the label to the box (use clear box sealing tape to fully cover the label to protect it). then take the box to a shipper such as fedex, ups or the post office and have it shipped to baubax. you will have to pay the shipping costs. of course, you would also need top make the payment to baubax via paypal to pay for the shipping of your new jacket. as soon as they got the payment verification from paypal and my old jackets arrived, it took two days to get my new jackets delivered. it is quite likely that you may have several e-mails from baubax and from their support group. at least i did. it took me a while to find the e-mail that had the address label attached. the return address label and the e-mail containing are the instructions they referred to. if you truly did not get such an e-mail, then you should go back and update your case explaining that you did not receive the address label attached to an e-mail.
@ tara preston - sorry for the delay. i was out of town at a funeral. as i said in an earlier post, it took 10 days from the time i got the initial e-mail about the exchange program and created my case until i got the three larger jackets via fedex. the biggest part of that time was my shipping the jackets to baubax. because i shipped on a friday, baubax did not get them until the following tuesday or wednesday. their processing shipping and delivery took only two days. of course, it is only about 120 miles from their shipping center in lithia springs, ga to my home. that helped.
@arthur weeks thanks for the tip, but checking my junk folder was the second thing i did. the very first thing i did was whitelist their domain.
the neck pillow cannot be used due to a hole in the pillow. can i get another neck pillow? what is the procedure to get another neck pillow?
the exchange program was very fast for me. they sent the replacement within 24 hours of receiving my old one.
@doug,  check your junk email folder.  i got an email with a shipping label for sending back bomber.   also directions to pay them via paypal for shipping.
the problem with told to contact baubax support is that it doesn’t work--it’s a dead end. i opened a request to exchange. they approved it; i have a rma # assigned. but i got no instructions as to how to proceed. so i wrote them to ask for instructions. they wrote back saying, do as the instructions we sent you told you. i explained again, i didn't get any instructions from you. they said they'd re-send them. they asked again if i had received them--i replied immediately that i hadn't. i waited another 24 hours, and sent another e-mail. no response at all. i'm sure they have this great system at supportsync.com for dealing with things when the process goes smoothly, but i can't get anyone to help me now that it's not going at all smoothly.
@len, i've sent you a pm regarding your xl blazer.
for those of you who did an exchange through the company, how long did it take for you to hear back after you opened a case?
@ lisa - i hope you understand that baubax will not see or respond to your post here. you must contact baubax support. also, go to the exchnage program website https://baubax.supportsync.com/ register your account and create a case for the missing non-delivered jackets. this is the only way you are going to get this resolved.
@aaphtaab,   similar to your measurements.   5'9" and 185 pounds.  large size fit but too snug to wear anything else or effectively use the pockets.  hopefully xl will be fine.
i still have not received my jackets!  i ordered six.  nor have i received any shipping information.  i have a suspicion that 2 door tags from fedex while i was gone may have been the jackets.  however when i called fedex, they shipment had "been returned to sender" and no information was provided who the sender even was.  nor was a third/final deliver tag from fedex posted.  i am very disappointed with how shipping/ delivery has been handled and was one of the original backers from august 2015.  help!!!
so far so good with exchange program.  they confirmed payment via paypal and confirmed receipt of the bomber i sent back. hopefully i'll get replacement bomber quickly.
thanks for getting back to me bruce. i hope i get a response now that i have opened a 'case'.
@ perry - if you saw my earlier posts about the exchange program, you would have seen that i had the same problem. i ordered an xl to have extra room for a lining inside my windbreaker. but when it arrived, it was too tight. i had to get an xxl, and i am only 45 inches in the chest. most of my shirts and jackets are large. extra large sweaters and jackets are very loose on me - but not baubax.
@ tara - i apologize for not responding to you sooner, but i see you did find the exchange program information. i can't understand why you also did not get an e-mail about the program since you wrote to them shortly after i did about the incorrect sizes. actually, i can understand what happened. baubax has a very short-handed, inexperienced staff with no leadership.
@ perry franklin - i'm exchanging for a bomber in large and need help with picking the size.  my measurements: chest 41.5, neck 15.5, sleeve 33/34 thanks
"what size should i get"??? hi guys, i am going to exchange my blazer (large; fits loose around chest & sleeves are perfect) for a bomber and need help with sizing. i see a few people here mentioning that the bomber's sleeve are shorter than expected? my measurements: chest 41.5, neck 15.5, sleeve 33/34 @ arthur weeks - i see you are exchanging your bomber for a large size. you mind telling me your measurements? lol
@ perry franklin: the zip is an american thing. jackets from other places don't always have the zip slide on the side you are referring to. as for your personal issue; once the slide on the zip is engaged and moved slightly, either hand can be used, so after a couple of attempts hopefully you will be okay with it. if not and you decide to change the zipper out, you won't lose the pen/stylus feature. it simply unclips and you can reattach it to the new zip. at least one other backer relocated theirs to the 'beverage' pocket to met their preference. i've removed mine and modified the clip as it was insecure, then reattached. it was straight forward.
i figured it out at https://baubax.supportsync.com/ i am also concerned, as someone else pointed out, that they haven't given out a notice that they have started the exchanges and that there is a timeline for it. that is shady as well. there will be a lot of people who don't check this page anymore that won't know. the only reason i know is because i was curious about the chatter. thank you to bruce gilliland for pointing it out. and others, i just didn't scroll too far. good luck everyone :)
finally received my bomber jackets.  the xl is a little tighter than i would like. i did use the measuring chart they provided and it should have fit loosely and i have lost weight since i measured myself. my wife's fits fine, but we had to order bigger than normal because of her chest size. so she lucked out. while the sizing is annoying, the thing that really bothers the hell out of me is the zipper is on the wrong side. my left hand is disabled and makes connecting the zipper a pain. i'll either have to deal with it or pay to get it changed and likely lose the pen feature.  not a fan of the way the end of the sleeves or the bottom of the jacket are put together. not that its poor quality, just seems dated. while the product had great potential, i think it fell short of the hype. i'm satisfied for the price i paid, but could not see myself paying msrp for it.
@ bruce gilliland - did you email support@baubax.com? when i emailed them originally on 4/9, they said they hadn't set up the exchange program yet and it would be several more weeks. i haven't heard anything else. i agree, i would rather just go through them. the jacket was well made, just too small.
ps: i will be taking my windbreaker on a trip this weekend. while it is warm now, we will be at higher elevations for part of the trip, and if we have rain, i will be prepared. so, baubax missed christmas, valentines day, st. patrick's day and easter, but i still got my jacket before i actually took an extended trip.
re: exchange program - this is my final report on my participation in the baubax exchange program. my larger sized jackets were delivered on friday, may 6 - 10 days after i first received a notice from baubax about the program. the e-mail was in response to an e-mail i had sent them on april 4 that the jackets i have received were too small. i am happy to say that the larger sized (xxl) windbreaker for me and the xl bomber for my wife both fit much better than the original xl windbreaker and the large bomber (both of which were supposed to be tall jackets but baubax failed to tell us they did not make them after they were ordered). we could have worn the original jackets, but we could not have worn any layer garment, such as a sweater, under it and the pockets could not be used. now, if the manufacturers had made the jackets the correct size to start with, many of us would not be going through extra efforts to get jackets that fit. basically, many of the jackets were made one size too small. other windbreakers i have are large and extra-large and they fit fine. i should not have to have an xxl jacket. i have only about a 45-inch chest. but it is too late for that now. a lot of people don't want to have to pay the extra costs for shipping, and i understand that. but i saw the extra cost as a way to save my total investment in these jackets. even if you sell and swap your jackets through the facebook swap groups or via ebay, you will pay shipping costs in one form or another. so, if you are thinking about exchanging your jacket for a different size, or maybe even type of color, you should consider the baubax exchange program if you have not had luck with the fb swap group. i want to commend kat and others for getting that started. i was able to upgrade my daughter's bomber from a medium to a large long before the baubax program got going. but the baubax program was quick - once it got started - and i was able to get the sizes i needed in the styles and colors i had originally ordered. although the program should not have been necessary for people like me who did order the correct size, it is one of the few things baubax has done right.
exchange request deadline - please note that if you want to request an exchange of jackets - and you got your jacket before april 30 - you have until may 31 to submit a request. if you have not gotten an e-mail from baubax support about the exchange program, go to http://baubax.com/exchanges/ and look for the link to their exchange center. you will need to register to set up an account and then select from the menus to provide the needed information.
francois - i am in the us
buyer beware! http://www.cnet.com/news/buyer-beware-paypal-drops-purchase-protection-for-crowdfunding/#ftag=cad590a51e
im from malaysia. just receive my 2 bomber today. i'm so disappointing with the courier service since my bomber in wet condition and very smelly!!
@len, in what country are you?
i have an xl blazer (black) and a light blue bomber (xl) that don;t fit - too small.  anyone interested?  i am through with this company
@lisa - you need to contact support@baubax.com immediately. or go to the exchange program page http://baubax.com/exchanges/ you can report other problems besides size issues. do both quickly.
i never received shipping notification.  after 2 attempts to deliver via fedex while i was gone, i called on the door tags and was told the package had been returned to sender.  this is not acceptable.  please advise how to receive the jackets i paid (and was charged) for in august 2015
@melissa - good to hear from you. how is the kitten (or is it a cat now) doing? as you can see, people are still having problems.  glad your jacket is working out. having to exchange mine for larger sizes because manufacturers skimped on cloth to save money.
guys @baubax thank you for sending the tracking number ... it now indicate that ups damaged and lost my package in transit  as per the updated info... kindly, i sent you a message on all channels (pm, email and ticket...) it is a bomber , when can i expect to receive the second package? i apreciate your prompt feedback thanks
would of been nice of them to give an estimate or information regarding the shipping like most businesses. wasn't happy to see such i high shipping cost especially months after the promised delivery date. also still no information regarding exchanging size, and if i have to incur the cost for shipping definitely not worth it.
hi! may i know when will i recd my jacket? am from singapore
i am still waiting my package to arrive. i just realized i did not fully complete the survey. i found this message in my box : "we forgot to ask you your "choice of color for the #3 jacket". since we do not have the ability to update the kickstarter survey, we have created a google form for you to fill out." so now that i have chosen the missing color i should expect the package to arrive in few weeks.could anybody confirm me that, please? thank you.
update 05/06/2016: i finally got an answer and the package was missing the street and house number for the address label but managed to land near my borough of residence in brooklyn...i am glad for this feedback.
re-posting:  no doubt this is a strategy on their part to minimize the number of exchanges: i can't help but notice baubax hasn't provided backer communities with an update regarding exchanges and yet... they have started and have a deadline. will people here repost this information for when it drops to the bottom of the thread? super freaking nasty shady to have a time limit and not announce same to the thousands of people who have ill fitting jackets: here's a link to their webpage and details on exchanges: http://baubax.com/exchanges/ here's a link to our group where we are trying to help everyone who was screwed over: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
hey guys! just checking in to see how everyone is doing.  still wearing my jacket- nyc has been so cold lately.  still really loving it!
well!  no notification/no jacket/ no nothing. oh sorry, i forgot the emails back and forth to "agent baubax". the latest was in reply to them asking for confirmation of my address for the ¾ time. i have lost the will to count now: “the address is correct but the reward says only a blanket. please confirm you will be sending the bomber jacket too! as stated in my reply back in january jan 16, 16:48 as i have tried to explain many, many times and you can follow the story all the way back to sept 02nd 2015, i accidentally seemed to lose my reward level when i tried to add the blanket reward. the only reward level available to me now is the blanket and the hyperlink on the word survey has no survey!” what. as i was typing this out - this arrived in my inbox: [honestly] hi there, very sorry it has taken so long to get back to you properly. your order is processed and will go out first thing next week. will i be happy or join the long queue of people wanting exchanges? odds are changing as i type.
@ alex - hey, alex. glad to see you had not totally disappeared.
@ andres - re hood and mask - probably the only ways are to use some double-sided tape, or single-sided tape that extends from the mask back into the hood. pieces of velcro attached to the inside of the hood and the back of the mask might work - if you can figure a way to attach the velcro. part of the problem others have noted is that the hoods don't always fit right. some are too small. some are too big. another one of those "it seemed like a good idea at the time" ideas that failed in execution.
repeating yesterday's post - the exchange program also provides ways to address missing or mis-delivered packages. go to http://baubax.com/exchanges/ and look for the link to the exchange center. register to set up an account and then select from the drop down menus to select the type of jacket (apparel) and the situation (delivery, missing, etc.).
exchange program update - i said yesterday that i had gotten an e-mail from baubax that my exchange jackets were being processed for shipment. later i got another e-mail saying they had been shipped via fedex. this morning, fedex says the jackets are out for delivery. fortunately, i am only about 120 miles from their shipping center in lithia springs, ga. so, i should have my new jackets later today.
sent in request for rma to exchange bomber to larger size.  got rma with shipping info about 3 days later.  had to pay $10 via paypal to cover shipping.  sent them back bomber today via us priority mail. $13.45 flat rate.   will post again if/when i get replacement bomber.
does anybody know how to wear the hood without the eye-mask falling over eyes? can't seem to make it work.
not posting an update about deadline for exchanges = baubax continuing to have zero integrity or morals
so when are you going to post an update about how you have an exchange program with a deadline in place? maybe the day before the end of the deadline? i'm sure that'd go over well and will fit right in with the rest of your campaign.
still no tracking number or item...sent a request to that support site but haven't heard from them...i wonder what i should be doing...
got mine today! had to pick it up at canada post and paid almost $60.... -_- jacket looks good and fits. gloves are too small, could barely fit my hands! any way i could get a better fitting gloves???
@ jouelle, @ dirk, @ ness - the exchange program also provides ways to address missing or mis-delivered packages. go to http://baubax.com/exchanges/ and look for the link to the exchange center. register to set up an account and then select from the drop down menus to select the type of jacket (apparel) and the situation (delivery, missing, etc.).
re: exchange program - in earlier posts, i said that baubax had sent me an e-mail letting me know i could exchange my wrong-sized jackets. of course, i would have to pay the shipping costs both ways. i chose to do that, because, even though it would increase the total cost of the jackets, it would improve the possibility that i would save my total investment and i would have usable jackets. i submitted my request right after i got the e-mail and i received an rma number and shipping label the next day. i shipping the jackets on friday, april 29. i got an e-mail yesterday (wednesday) saying they had received the jackets. today, i got an e-mail saying my exchange had been processed and sent to their "fulfillment partner" for shipping. i will post an update when i get the new jackets. it will be interesting to see how this shipping compares to the original shippers.
@ kat - thanks for posting the link to the baubax exchange web page. i was not aware that they had put it up. you are right that they should have sent out an official update. they are definitely overdue for an update on things such as shipping, or lack thereof. see ness's post below. i think what they did was send out e-mails, like the one i got, to people who had e-mailed them about ill-fitting, wrong-sized jackets and requested exchanges. i had sent them an e-mail in early april after getting two of my jackets and realizing the sizing was wrong. of course, a wide-open update e-mail to all backers about the exchange program would probably result in many more requests. while a lot of people were satisfied with the fit of their jackets, we know there are likely hundreds who got jackets that were manufactured too small. as for the exchange program, see my next post above.
still haven't received my jacket - it apparently left hong kong a month and a half ago. i emailed the support email and haven't had a response in weeks.
i also still haven't received my reward. tracking sais "in transit" or "pending" for 2 months now! different emails to baubax and no answer! scam!
shady scam indeed, cost me 70 dollars to collect (not in any of the indications to backers) and the jacket did not fit despite ordering it one size bigger.
anyone interested in a black ladies medium bomber jacket?  if so hit me up - dkskyy@gmail.com it's a little small on me and they're requiring i pay for shipping both ways to exchange it. make me an offer.
one word....scam
i can't help but notice baubax hasn't provided backer communities with an update regarding exchanges and yet... they have started and have a deadline. will people here repost this information for when it drops to the bottom of the thread? super freaking nasty shady to have a time limit and not announce same to the thousands of people who have ill fitting jackets: here's a link to their webpage and details on exchanges:  http://baubax.com/exchanges/ here's a link to our group where we are trying to help everyone who was screwed over:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
received my 3 bomber jackets today in vancouver, bc. the box it came in was all but destroyed by the time it got to my house. mine fits well, the other two haven't gone to their respective owners yet. it's a bit short. the zipper on the pillow broke immediately though. had to pay $38 for duties and taxes but seems like i got lucky, with others paying over $100. i wonder if it has anything to do with the delivery company? mine was delivered via usps.
@bruce. do we need one rma for a three jacket exchange or an rma for each jacket?  i did not get an email, i saw your comment with the site.  it asks for type of jacket so am not sure what they want.  i'm hoping one rma will do the trick.   thanks!
the sleeves for an xs bomber were listed on the website as 31.5". my xs bomber has 24" sleeves and i can't even use the built in gloves because the thumb hole doesn't reach my thumb!!! i wore it and tried to move my arms and it felt like the jacket was straining and it severely limited my mobility. i'm lanky but very thin and have a flat chest....i shouldn't have to strain in a jacket!
same here. have not received the package. was instructed to contact courier but courier only will act if they receive email from the sender. extremely disappointed.  anyone able to help me speed this up or get refund?
quality of fabric not great .. inflatable neck rest too heavy and feels like a lump in the hood.. needs to be secured. great idea but lacks that apple feel.
i havent receive any package from baubax. tracking number said it arrived and custom pending but i have not been contacted by customs or anyone about the item..help asap
@jess savelyev: what color is the women's bomber you want to exchange? i might know someone who would like it. i guess i'm one of the lucky ones who got their jackets and it ended up fitting well.
i still haven't received my tracking number yet. i live in riyadh.
sorry guys i wrote you that i lost my stylus - but there is no reaction. thats why i post it here in hope of a reaction where i can get a new one. your service is able to do it better.
the inflatable pillow inside the hood is not a good design. make the hood heavy and hard to pull it out. you make mistake of touching the flap and your pillow will go flat. the inner gloves are anoying. they will stick out everytime you wear your jacket. no way to take them off.
got my bomber jacket. anybody else have an issue with the koozie pocket? it's way to small to fit any type of drink in it. i haven't had time to totally look over the rest of the jacket yet though.
i am looking to either exchange my xxl womens bomber for a mans xl bomber or i just want to sell mine for $129 +shipping to where ever you live. or if you live in illinois or lower wisconsin i am willing to meet.
first day ive been able to wear mine and i love it. size fits a treat. i took the sizing chart as the size stated would be a tight fit if your measurements mayched exactly so went 1 size up.  the arms are a bit tight so someone who goes to the gym regualy would struggle getting arms in and out. the eye cover works it way down so a version 2 should include a button in the hood to hold it same as the fingerless gloves. hoods a little small for me but.covers my head would have liked a little more depth to it to stop the wind better. ended up moving the pen and clipping it onto the passport pocket. overall i love the jacket a little overpriced for the quality but still a great jacket. i had a black bomber and live in australia so not much need to wear it unless theres a cold snap like now
received my women's baubax bomber size s last month. sleeves are a bit short (might have gotten better fit with an st or m) but overall very happy with it! my bf was so impressed with it he ordered one himself haha :) thank you!
@bruce - i went up two sizes because the sleeves were very short, which was odd because the rest of the jacket was only a little snug. i did see the one inch difference and even going up two sizes, i still don't trust the size chart. i'd rather have the jacket be a little big than too snug to layer or fill the pockets, but now i don't know what to expect.  if it still doesn't fit, i'll see if someone at work will buy it (lots of us travel).
@ owen - i don't think the jackets were true "sim-fits." i think the manufacturers simply undersized the cut of the jackets to save on materials costs, or they assumed that only slimmer asians would be wearing them. for example, the extra-large windbreaker i got had sleeves that were more than long enough, but they were very narrow. a man with large arms would have a hard time getting the jacket sleeves over his arms. i understand why you and others would not want to pay shipping costs when the problems were with the manufacturers. i suspect only a small minority of the "too small" jackets were due to people mis-guessing their sizes. most of the ill-fitting jackets were manufacturing errors. but baubax would never admit that or accept financial responsibility for correcting the problem. even though i have paid for the shipping costs, adding to my total costs,  i decided to do it for two reasons: 1. i want to see if their formal exchange program will work. i want to see if baubax can and will keep its word for once. 2. i have more than $300 usd invested in three jackets. i don't want to lose that entire cost. by paying about $40-$50 more (shipping to and from baubax) i hope to have jackets that i can actually use - in the future.
received my baubax blazer. ordered it in medium tall (women's) and fits great--except cannot button it. and i have a pretty small chest. otherwise it's great--well-made and hangs nicely, and nice to have a jacket that first my shoulders but is long enough in the arm and torso.
got my pledge ... one windbreaker two sweater. first i paid 114 custom fee which way too expensive... i unpacked the windbreak i wont be able to run with it, too heavy too warm for me. the fabric is feel great but some stitche are not good.  i fee l like in some place, it will beak easily...  i regret my pledge with this campaign, too expensive... not really worthy  the price for the waiting time and custom fees. anyway for my last kickstarter pledge, it s a disapointment...
@bruce gilliland: it was indeed i who was watching the race. they technically could have both been delivered on the same day, but canada post left a pick-up slip in the mailbox rather than knocking on the door/ringing the doorbell(we have renovations going on at home, and my dad was home to be able to receive it, but nobody rang/knocked). so technically, because i got my hands on the soundtrack first, it won. as for the jacket itself...it is way too tight across the shoulders for me to wear, and has been sitting in my closet since then. still have all the packaging and everything(didn't take the tags off the jacket either), but i refuse to pay two way shipping to get it replaced. everything else, except the fact it's a slim-fit blazer(was there any notice that everything would be slim-fit? i don't recall ever seeing that) fit perfectly.
i'm still waiting for my jackets! tracking status is "in transit" for two months now! why don't you answer my email? what happens there, when will i get my refund?
just catching up on this after checking my jackets after returning from vacation. both my lt jackets were replaced with l jackets that are hilariously short. requested a refund, but i won't hang around long before just contacting my credit card issuer. textbook bait and switch!
@ bernice -  if you have not gotten an e-mail in the past day from baubax about the exchange program, go to https://baubax.supportsync.com/ and follow the instructions for registering an account and submitting a case for exchange. i did so, and i already have an rma number so i can return my too small jackets. of course, the next step of getting larger replacement jackets is still up in the air.
i ordered a m for my son and m for myself and both are too small.  can i exchange for l or can i get a refund?
my jackets just arrived.  2 sweatshirts in men's m and women's m and a windbreaker in women's xxl.  i was able to change my order before delivery from a l to xxl.  the windbreaker is still too small.  my daughter's m sweatshirt fits perfectly.  the xxl windbreaker is just a little too big for her.  my son-in-law hasn't tried his on yet.  i may exchange for a men's windbreaker -- just need to check the sizes.  otherwise, i am really happy with the quality.
when will i get the jacket?
can we wash the jackets in washing machine?
just received my order, in montreal, for 2 windbreaker and 1 sweater = 95 $ of custom import fee ! that's a ripoff !
@bruce gilliland; sorry for the delay, have just flown home. the bomber jacket would have been would have been way too warm at either end of the trip.  i must admit the functionality of all those pockets would have been very useful, as the bali ngurah rai international airport has multiple layers of security checks; cases/bags & hand luggage x-rayed and passengers through metal scanners on arrival before check in; hand luggage x-rayed and passengers through metal scanners before immigration; hand luggage searched and passengers have a pat down check at the boarding gate. emptying pockets, putting everything in trays etc, would have been simpler if everything was in jacket pockets. just being able to shrug off a jacket would certainly sped up the process.
finally my canadian order to toronto arrived this week and yes an addition $50+ for customs and taxes but i expected that just not that much.  the jacket is nice but i must warn folks as i ordered a female medium and the arm holes are designed for tiny armed folks not athletes like me.  while it fits it is tight so you can't really move too much around but it is a nice looking jacket and the fabric is high quality in black.
@ derpasaurus - since you won't get a tall jacket, are you just going up a size? that is what i did for my windbreaker. the regular xl windbreaker i got was actually more than long enough in the sleeves. the length was acceptable although a tall would have been an inch longer. the problem i had was that the fit around the chest and stomach was too tight. it was more like a large rather than an extra large. while i could have taken the same approach you did concerning shipping costs for my windbreaker, i also had bomber jackets for my wife and daughter. they shipped exactly what i ordered. of course, they were too small. the manufacturers cut costs by cutting the cloth too tightly. even though a lot of us have sizing problems - not due to our measurements - a lot of folks say their jackets fit okay. arguing that you were not sent what you ordered can be a valid argument, but it would be difficult for someone like me who got the medium and large bombers i ordered to demand baubax cover shipping costs. they would contend that i measured incorrectly. they are not going to acknowledge that their manufacturers cheated.
i wish i stayed away from this campaign. :-(
to anyone that ordered a tall size: yesterday morning i emailed support regarding the sizing issue. i pointed out that because they did not make tall sizes, that they did not send me what i ordered, and that i should not have to pay additional shipping for an exchange. i gave them the option of waiving my shipping costs or giving me a refund. by the end of the day, i received an email stating that baubax would cover the shipping. i started the exchange process just now, so we'll see if they follow through on that.
reviews, rants, information to deal with problems including that they did not make tall sizes except for blazers.  they are trying to pass of regular sized jackets as tall with bs about the "identification" of the tall being in the barcode.  we have proven this to be false and posted instructions on how to get a refund.  join us for more help, (as much as we can):  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@ rolts - so, you didn't use your travel jacket when you traveled to bali? bali sounds like a lot of fun. my father got to go to the pacific, but his was government-arranged travel on a year-long "cruise."
@ rob - if you have not gotten an e-mail in the past day from baubax about the exchange program, go to https://baubax.supportsync.com/ and follow the instructions for registering an account and submitting a case for exchange. i did so, and i already have an rma number so i can return my too small jackets. of course, the next step of getting larger replacement jackets is still up in the sir.
@ nejc - my guess is that they sent (or are sending) e-mails to people who complained about getting jackets that were incorrectly sized (ordering an xl jacket and getting one that barely matched a normal large as i did). so, if someone was complaining about the lack of service or slow deliveries, they may not have responded. they may have sent the e-mail only to those who needed help with some type of problem. the website appears to be able to allow requests on other matters besides incorrect sizes - missing or undelivered jackets for example, or pillows that don't work, or broken pen/styluses. i could not tell from your comments exactly what your complaint was. if there is something wrong with the jacket(s) you received, then you should be able to use the website to request help. https://baubax.supportsync.com/ if you don't want to pay baubax for the shipping costs, then you can try the facebook swap group - https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/ of course, if you want to swap or buy another jacket, you, or someone, will have to pay the shipping costs there as well. as i said before, had the jackets been correctly manufactured, most of us would not be having these issues, but it is too late for that now. the fact is that if we want a usable jacket, some of us will have to pay a little more to get it.
just be patient mine just arrived in chicago!!
still haven't receive anything, not even the shipping notice. contact the customer support never got reply. very disappointed!! order only one jacket and wait for half year for nothing. dont know what should i do.
as others have noted, the jackets for my wife and me were too small, and i too followed the charts. i contacted support and got an auto email saying they would be in touch, as they had to finish processing the mailings. well, it has been 4 weeks and i have heard nothing back. this needs to be sped up - my fear is that they are so overwhelmed with returns that it will take many months to get a jacket that fits. i had purchased this as a christmas gift for my wife last year - am beginning to think it may be for this year. bauxbax, please communicate with those who have expressed the need for returns.
@bruce gilliland : you say exchange program is under way?   i havent gotten any emails neither do i see here any updates about that.... + as i said...mine is not a plea for exchange but complaint on their mistake.... so if they dont correct it themselves, i certainly wont pay again...but gonna get a bunch of trolls - not just for company but also for the owners = they dont answer 1 simple question.... so that question is gonna flood them...........
well... little bit behind but i must say it... i live in sweden... got shipping nr. 21.3... was delivered 10 days later with a bill for around 110$ (2 bombers worth 229$ so thats almost 50% more)... all in all i paid 350$ for two bombers.... a little bit expensive but lets say : ok - i helped some1 with their idea....but , we precisely followed their chart and ordered female mt size for my wife and they have sent us m... and now it has been almost a month since i made a "complaint" and they dont respond.... except for their "automatic" email response.... in which is allreday written :  ...blah,blah,blah, if u want to exchange due to size we will get back to u, blah,blah,blah... !?! so they know that they f-ed up - as seen in their "generic" email... but now they wont do anything about it.... i swear that fb, twitr , etc are gonna get flooded with info on baubax`s scam......  + if they answer with their bullshit about 2 way shiping - it was their fault - so no efing way.... any1 want to join in ruining their image? ah, they allready done it themselves ;)
@ bruce gilliland: it's still around 25 degrees c (77 degrees f) at home, but i'm currently enjoying the tropical warmth of bali, indonesia. don't think i will be wearing my jacket for another month or so.
same here. finally received my bomber jacket and it was too small. contacted baubax to do an exchange and they said that it's doable but i have to pay 2-way shipping. glad to know i am not the only one. baubax, you need to fix your sizing chart.
my and my girlfriend's jackets (blazers) arrived this week. they're well made, but the sizing is way off - far too small. we both followed the sizing charts, and the jackets we received are basically unwearable. while this is a kickstarter, and ordering any clothing online has sizing risks, i don't think it is appropriate to charge for two way shipping to replace the jackets given that we followed the sizing guide. i'll be contacting support, and will report back with what i hear.
@ rolts - good to hear from you. until the exchange program just now started, there wasn't much any of us could say that had not already been said many times. i saw that most of the postings had shifted to "i got mine" comments. i just read where the weather has been unusually warm in australia. so, even though it's winter there, you still might not need your jacket.
*look in
@ bruce gilliland: like owen 'gm', i've been lurking, but as my jacket fitted, i haven't had much to contribute apart from a few comments re zips and pockets. as owen said, it's not been pretty here, but i look like in from time to time to see the current situation. good luck with your exchanges.
@ aaron - all the zippers have the pulls on the left side. it's not a "woman" thing, it's a "non-american" thing. others have pointed out that the used of "right-handed" zippers for men is primarily in america. baubax saved money by using the same zipper in all its jackets, and not created a sub-set of jackets for american men. even though i am left-handed, it still takes some getting used to.
@owen (and other canadians)… my canada post sticker listed custom fees (which is the cost of actually processing the payment) and taxes, plus $10 cod fee. the taxes, i know, must be 13% because that's hst in ontario. divide the tax by .13 and you end up with something much higher than you pledge for. i e-mailed baubax llc to tell them that it's double charge (taxed on processing fee) and demanded they do something about it or i report them to the canadian government and let them deal with a tax department that will want full accounting of all costs — with penalties for false reportings and extra charges. sorry if people find that offensive, but i paid $68 for a package with 1 jacket and $113 of the second… that's $181 extra on top of the pledge costs of $387 — that's almost 50% more.
just received notification that my jackets have shipped.  i ordered 2 sweatshirts and 1 windbreaker from the bay area. i had sent a few emails asking about my jackets and the last one indicated it hadn't shipped yet.  i read a comment either here or on facebook that they had told baubax to ship a larger size since the sized tend to run small.  i did the same thing and the shipping notification indicates they are shipping the larger size for my windbreaker.
just received my mens bomber and blazer, and the bomber zipper came on the left side. usually this means it's a women's jacket, so i'm just wondering if others have also gotten this or i actually got a women's jacket.
should be getting my jackets tomorrow. im in ca and theyre coming from ga...
re: exchange program - i have already gotten the rma number and a mailing label. my jackets are packed. yes, i knew to save the tag and plastic wrap - just in case. in fact, i am using the same box they shipped the jackets to me. yes, we have to pay both ways. i made a payment to baubax via paypal for the shipping of the  replacement jackets. also, i will have to pay for the postage to return the jackets to redmond, wa. it might be tomorrow before i get into town to ship them. but if i went today, i would have the jackets on their way in less than 24 hours after the exchange program notice was sent out. now, before you all get upset about having to pay again, when i bought a jacket from a person on the fb swap group page, her price included her shipping costs. when i offered one of my jackets for sale (no takers), i included my estimated shipping costs in the total price. so, regardless of the way you handle a sale, swap or replacement, you will incur shipping costs. yes, if the jackets had been manufactured properly - sized correctly - most of us would not have this issue. but it's too late for that now. i will keep everyone updated on the "progress" of the process. ps: within 3-4 hours of receiving the exchange program e-mail yesterday, i registered and submitted my request. i was case #112. so, 111 others had already done the same.
@ zyge - i don't have the knowledge or skills to do a video. i assume you are referring to the link i posted below. i did not find it difficult. when i first went to the site, i clicked on register, in the upper right, and filled out the requested information. once that was accepted, i clicked on the request button on the left. i selected apparel from the top box and then selected exchange in the middle box. i entered a title and then entered in the description field the reason i wanted to exchange my jackets. shortly after, i got a confirmation e-mail. within a few hours i received another e-mail from a person asking for more details about the original jackets and replacement jackets. i assume i will eventually hear from them about whether they can accommodate my requests.
just got an email back from them for exchanges - site is really easy to use.  plain and simple - sign up, go back to the homepage to submit a request, then it creates a case and their support team will get back to you. considering how many customers they have right now, it will take a week or so for them to get back to ya.  for me, i like the jacket, but i needed a bigger one - and so far so good.
@ owen - did you ever get your jacket? weren't you the one who was wanting to see if the jacket would arrive before or after another item you ordered? if so, who "won"?
the online return centre is very hard to use! who can tell me how to use it? @bruce: place do a video to show how to use it!
@bruce: this place is like a train wreck....you just can't look away. i may not be posting, but i am looking in every now and then to see how bad it is still.
re: regular posters - looks like all the regulars have closed up shop and left. even i was gone for about a week if not more. owen (g.m.) posted about three days ago. mike kopack did post a comment a few days back.  i could not find alex jarman in the last 2 weeks. kat was last here 5 days ago. but she is busy over on the fb swap group page. i think a lot of folks are just tired of the hassle. but it's not over 'til it's over. and we now have the next phase - the formal exchange program. so, there is still some fun to be had. i hope.
@ dillon - yes, it's a stupid requirement, but the reason they want all the original packing is because they will re-ship all those returned if they can find other backers who want those styles, colors and sizes. and they are trying to avoid having to re-package the items themselves. i would be surprised if the shippers don't have any bags left. i knew long before i got my jackets to hold on to all packaging. they had said so in their canned e-mail responses i got. but i suspect that a lot of people discarded their packaging as soon as they got the jackets. personally, i would neatly fold the jacket and put it in a clean dry cleaning bag. see the link in my post below. have you tried that yet? if they will not exchange it, them ask for a refund. if you ship them your jacket, they have to give you a new jacket, return the old one, or give you a refund.
so i've been in touch with their customer service about an exchange for the two jackets i bought. one for my girlfriend and one for me. they both ran much too small. i've just been informed that i can't exchange the jackets even though they are still new with the tags if i don't have the original plastic bags that they came in. can someone tell me how this is in any way relevant or logical?! and can someone tell me what i can possibly do about it?
@ pippi southall - please see my comments below to bastien and richard. they may be applicable to you as well.
@ richard - it appears that you still have not gotten your jacket(s). i assume that if you have sent e-mails to baubax, you have not gotten any responses. try going to the link below. it's for their new exchange program. but i believe you can report other issues as well. you will need to register to create an account. then you create a "case" to report your problem. https://baubax.supportsync.com/
@ bastien - i can understand your comments. we all know how bad baubax was in replying to our e-mails. however, as i posted yesterday, i got a response to an e-mail i sent several weeks ago. more importantly, i got an e-mail about their exchange program. i responded with my requests. i have already received a personal response on my requests, asking for more details, which i have provided. granted, i am just one of far too many people needed corrections. but the process appears to be underway. it will probably take a while to get e-mails out to everyone. and, we have no guarantee that they can accommodate everyone, certainly not in a timely manner. but it appears that baubax has not yet quit. they are still trying.
@thomas i don't remember, there may have been just a slip in my mailbox. i remember getting the shipping notice though.
no way there are gonna reply to all messages and handle our requests for refund for the cod. wait for the "sorry, email box crashed, we lost everything"
apparently mashable is selling baubax sweatshirts now... http://shop.mashable.com/worlds-best-travel-jacket--sweatshirt_p_33.html i suppose since all the orders *should* have been shipped by now we will see more places selling baubax.
still never received a single thing (no tracking number nor jackets) even thou i have send so many chaser.... seem like after money is received, baubax just ignore all email, all comment! seems like i just waisted 263$... come on baubax, answer one of my million emails i sent you
i have received my jacket. after all that hard-worked patience that this group had given to all customers, it was--fortunately-- perfect for me. all jackets received--bomber, sweatshirt, blazer, windbreaker are at my size and the complimentary items are present. now i hope the durability of these jackets last years and years to come. thank you very much for your patience and hardwork baubax. ! thanks a lot!
i've emailed your support email 3 times and still no reply after a month. i just need to know where to send my jacket back so i can get a replacement as my jacket is way too small.
also bummed on sizing. we finally got our jackets today. we bought 4 jackets, spent over $500 with the blankets included.  unfortunately, all 4 are small. this isn't exactly the end of the world as my wife and i literally started training this week for a marathon in the fall, so we'll eventually squeeze our way into 3 out of the 4. but the women's bomber in medium is just laughably small. my wife fits into the sizing charts at m, but she couldn't zip it if she tried -- forget about if she were wearing fall clothing underneath.  i sent an email to support for an exchange. i hope that they will honor the exchanges as promised. the sizing isn't the end of the world as this is a risk in general of buying clothing online. in hindsight, it was probably stupid of me to spend $500 on clothing online -- especially from a kickstarter campaign. my bad on that. however, i remained disappointed in the owners of the campaign here. i remain disappointed in them for a litany of reasons, still lead by their lack of accountability and communication with the folks who gave them millions of dollars to make their dream come true, but i'm further disappointed when i see the breadth of the sizing problem (pun intended) across this platform, facebook, etc.  it doesn't seem like the sizing issue is an isolated thing -- but, rather, most folks (who presumably fit the measurement charts that were provided) are not fitting into their jackets. i find it hard to believe that we've all just been hitting the hohos and bonbons too hard. it seems the sizing is just off. i would think that in all the time in which the founders were too busy to respond to comments/emails, they would have slipped on a jacket or two to see how they fit according to their expectations. ' maybe they did and my wife and i are just part of some sort of an oxymoronic widespread anomaly.   like i said, i just hope i can get her a bomber that fits and then we'll move on with our lives having certainly learned a few things from this campaign.
just wanted to update my comment from a few days ago..i received my jackets today! was super excited, and of course that went downhill real quick. i think the quality is probably fair for the product but the sizing really bums me out. ordered a women's xl for my mom, going it fits her. ordered a 3xl in the men's for myself, (what can i say, i'm fat.) the sweater fit great, except the sleeves are giant! like my dad, who is probably a 3 or 4xl was swimming in the sleeves. and the hand gloves don't stay in the sleeves without bunching up because of it. hoping it's not too terribly big for my brother. but since i spent over $300 and have nothing for myself to show for it, not likely going to buy clothing from a kickstarter campaign again. hoping everyone else has a better experience with sizing!!!
ps: the volume of posts here have really dropped off. i did not have to scroll too far to see comments from two days ago! i assume this is due to most people having gotten their jackets - good, bad or otherwise. also, a lot more people are commenting over on the fb swap group page - https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
related to my post below, i also got an actual response from a person in support. they were responding (very belatedly) to my e-mail i had sent to them on april 4 after i received my first two jackets. i was complaining about the failure to send me a tall jacket as ordered. they did not address that issue, but said that they would work with me to exchange the jacket if it did not fit. i responded that i had already created cases using the formal support program (see below). i quickly got another response indicating my cases had been looked at and that they would assist in processing the exchange requests. because i had been very critical of baubax for their delays in addressing the exchange issue, and the larger number of incorrectly sized jackets, i wanted to acknowledge that they have finally gotten the process started. of course, we will all still have to wait and see what, if anything, happens. as i have said in the past, i suspect a lot of the exchanges will depend on others sending in their original jackets, which can then be sent to others. since probably 95% or better of the jackets are too small, just about everyone is going want to go up at least once size if not two. will there be enough large jackets to replace small and mediums that don't fit? will there be enough smalls and mediums for the xs jackets that are still too small? this is going to eb an interesting exercise.
i have been away (from this ks comments page) for more than a week, so i am very far behind. but, i just got an e-mail from baubax support. they have now gotten their exchange system set up. you go to a special baubax support page and create an account. then you can create "cases" for each issue you have. i created cases to exchange mine and my family's jackets for larger sizes, but the system seems to be designed to handle other issues as well, such as missing jackets. if they can accommodate a backer's issue, they will provide an rma number for shipping. it is not clear if we will still have to pay for the shipping. their original exchange policy said we would have to pay. we will see. i don't know if this e-mail was sent to everyone or just to those of us who had written to baubax support about problems. of course, that is a lot of people.
received my bomber today in montreal, qc. i had to pay ~40$ taxes which is very high considering the price i pledged.... jacket is okay but not great. i took an m when i am usually an s and it fits just okay. built-in gloves are very annoying when not worn, the additional gloves they gave are not real gloves they don't cover all my hands and they are simply weird looking. if you leave the neck pillow in the hood you can forget about wearing the hood... the eye mask is useless because the hood is too small. "can pocket" can not be used to hold a can it is just too small. microfibre cloth is extremely low quality... it would have been nice to have a little tag on each pocket to know what they are meant for. otherwise worst customer service i have ever seen in my life. i have sent about 10 emails with no answers and never received a tracking number to know when i'll get my jacket (knowing i am moving to europe next week, i would have like to be reassure that i would get my jacket on time). when they do reply they write like robots and have no human courtesy would i buy again, probably not. would i recommend, probably not.
we ordered 2 bomber jackets, one men one women. both size small, we are not large people. and we used the sizing chart to find the best fit. i really was excited about this jacket, and couldn't wait to get it. we've been wearing them every day since a got them. here are our impressions after a hundred hours of use each: good: nice design, stylish, lots of pockets, comfy, the inflatable pillow is a fine as a standalone. small issues: the hand warmers get in the way, the eye cover flops down, no temporary tags or stickers on the jacket with labels of which pocket does what. bad: arms are not insulated, we are both cold! sleeves on the women jacket are 2-3 inches too short. would i buy it again? maybe... would my other half buy the women's again? definitely not, the cold, short arms are a deal breaker. this jacket has a lot of potential, however there are a few flaws that needed to be addressed.
i bought two jacket one blazer one bomber and both are the same size xs. the blazer fit perfectly however the bomber felt like it xxs. and then paying 100 dollar for duty tax.  so in total i pay over 500 dollar. now i gonna pay for two way shipping for size exchange which it cost more.
still never received a single thing (no tracking number nor jackets) even thou i have send so many chaser.... seem like after money is received, baubax just ignore all email, all comment! seems like i just waisted 263$... come on baubax, answer one of my million emails i sent you
just got my pledge, but had to pay $100 for a duty and tax, kinda disappointing start...
y'know what seems weird and irritating? people keep going on about "you aren't buying a finished product, you're receiving a reward for funding" so, isn't that a gift? not an item you should be paying import duties on? i mean... if you "didn't purchase a product" and simply "helped support a startup", why are you being made to pay customs fees?
first flight review (hoodie) - i left a pretty tough review upon receiving the jackets. the cost and first impressions were not great. but i did just take it on a flight, and here are my updated thoughts: * overall the hoodie is comfortable. as luck would have it, the flight i took was possibly the coldest flight i've ever been on. i was very thankful to have the hoodie. but... was i more happy than any other hoodie? possibly not. read on. * as others have posted, the hand warmers that are attached to the cuffs are kind of annoying. they're comfy when you're wearing them, but when you're not, they tend to bulk up the wrists. this is especially problematic if you wear a watch or other device (or jewelry) on your wrists. it will be problematic. but even without, they tend to bulk up and create a tight fit at the wrists. * the hood continues to disappoint. it's heavy, bulky and too much. that said... all of the extra bulk can kind of be useful if you bunch it up and use it as a smaller pillow or neck support. there's so much material there, you may not need the pillow. good thing, because the pillow is a disaster. i didn't even bring it. * the tablet pocket was one of the features i was looking forward to the most. unfortunately it's just not practical. i'd say it's useful while boarding the plane. but once you sit down, you must remove it. there's no way anyone can sit comfortably or wear the seatbelt correctly with a tablet in that pocket. this design should have failed travel tests before the kickstarter launched, imho. * the drink pocket is hilarious. i can't take myself seriously with a giant dasani bottle sticking out of my chest. you might think: well it was designed for cans... here's the risk in that. if you have an open can of soda tucked into your chest, then leaning over becomes a very dangerous activity... *spills on laptop* * okay, a couple more good things: i actually found the little tiedown loops pretty useful for stringing headphones. i'm actually not sure what they were intended for, but that's how i used them. also, in general all of the pockets are useful in some way. but the final word is: this would have been the best $50 hoodie i ever bought. but sadly, it's the worst $150 hoodie i ever bought. the price/value is just not there. but the worst part is that baubax as a company is dead to me. i mean, the sizes were all wrong, they lied to me about refunds and still today they sell these on indiegogo at a premium with all of the same deceptions in place. i hope the indiegogo people are reading these comments. i hope to review the bomber in the fall/winter.
i finally got my jacket after waiting almost 6 months and despite ordering a size i thought would be too big, it's still too small!  :(  i am in contact with the company and am going to order probably two sizes bigger.  i am not a big person (usually us women's 4 or 6 and got a size m jacket), but these sizes are tiny!  just want those who are considering ordering in the future to know.
just reviewed all the features of the baubax bomber jacket, and am thrilled with it. what an ingenious design. i'm going to talk this one up to friends. thank you guys.
my blazer came a few days ago (finally!!!) and i love it!!! medium tall and it fits perfectly. it is nice and warm, fits perfectly and looks awesome. as everyone else has said the hood is bulky and heavy but the pros definitely outweigh the cons. overall i have to say that it is the best jacket i have ever bought.
just picked up my package from the post office and here are my thoughts. most features seem to be as described, but there are a few negatives: - the hood is super bulky and heavy because of the pillow - the campaign made it seem like the pillow was more integrated into the design, but it’s really not, it is attached by one flimsy button and fits in between the layers of the hood. you can pull the pillow out with the shirt on, but to stuff it back inside after deflating i need to take the whole thing off - the ‘blanket’ pocket is a bit too small to fit the actual blanket, and it’s quite flimsy as well. plus, the blanket is way too bulky to carry in the hoodie at all - the bottle seems cool but, even empty, the only pocket it can fit in is the tablet pocket - the attached half-gloves pop out whenever i put the hoodie on. if i don’t want to use them, i have to awkwardly stuff them back in and the cuffs feel bulky that being said, i am still pretty happy with my hoodie! here are the main positives: - the fit is pretty good (women’s m, which is my usual size) - the materials are nice and the whole thing seems pretty sturdy - it’s soft, warm and cosy - the pen/stylus thing is detachable overall, apart from the delay in production, i think baubax delivered on pretty much everything they promised. my favourite features by far are the built-in eye mask and sunglasses pocket. i do wish the double zipper wasn’t ditched though, as the shirt does roll up a bit when sitting and needs to be unzipped, but that was to be expected.
@arnaud did you get a notification from colissimo? got my tracking number but it seems to be stuck in customs and neither customs nor colissimo seem to have any knowledge of the shipment.
just want to thank baubax for my bomber jacket.  i love it.  took it for a test drive recently on a trip.  just like you promoted, it was so convenient to have everything stored in one jacket.  made going thru the airport screening a breeze.  since i took a red eye flight, i got to test the neck pillow.  i'm not sure if it was just me not blowing it up firm enough, it seems that the pillow kept deflating.  i also wore the jacket during the windy days and the only downside was the sleeves.  wished it would have kept me warmer but it's not a windbreaker, so it's understandable.  the build in gloves were great!  love that i didn't have to carry an extra pay around.   overall, the jacket wasn't too heavy with all my stuff in it.  this is truly a great find/buy.  great job on this jacket baubax!!!! best, sally
still never received a single thing (tracking number or jackets) even thou i have send so many chaser.... seem like after money is received, baubax just ignore all email, all comment!
this is horrible. i just got my jacket this week, the pen immediately fell off. is there a batch problem here if just a total failure ? what are you going to do about this problem ! extremely mad customer here....
being one of those that received the package the overvalued price, resulting to exhorbitant tax. this kickstarter really sucks. the package arrived march, it's near end of april and my package is still stuck at the post office because of that $140 customs tax
correction... the xxl blazer i have for sale is black. batch8888@gmail.com
i live in new zealand. received my order today. the xxxl bomber and hoodie fit well. the eyeglass cloth just fell off the hoodie straight away.  the xxl blazer is too small for me as im a broad shouldered big tall guy... doesn't fit my shoulders/chest. does anyone want to purchase a navy xxl blazer? batch8888@gmail.com
i received my stuff today - mens blazer, men's bomber, ladies hoodie, and ladies blazer. i gotta say that everything fits quite nicely and i was surprised seeing as everyone else seems to be complaining. my wife and i are quite happy with this stuff and are looking forward to our next trip where we can use them. in the meantime, the bomber and sweatshirt are actually pretty comfortable to wear all the time. only compliant, was the gloves they sent were a bit oddly fitting. no real wrist cuff to speak of and the thumb is placed awkwardly. nonetheless, gloves were just a bonus and they didn't work, no harm, no foul.
if anyone in the uk/london would like to swap their s (blue/charcoal) hoodie for a m (charcoal), or even buy it off me then please get in touch!  contact me through ks or ravuk@hotmail.com.
after hearing about how small these are running, i was able to change my bomber jacket from xs to s before it shipped, amazingly enough.  the jacket does looks nice and has some good features.  the thumb-hole gloves are very soft, but poorly designed.  they shouldn't be making up for the shorter sleeve length, and they are too long to tuck in. we need longer sleeves and shorter thumb-hole gloves.   probably the cheapest elements of the bomber are 1) the exposed seams on the inside where the sleeves attach. have you ever seen a decent-quality lined jacket with exposed seams like that? 2) the cheap microfiber-like material lining the hand warmer pockets and sleeves.  they promised the jacket would be lined in fleece, and i guess they thought lining the sleeves in soft microfiber would make up for it? the material is terrible quality.  same thing inside the hand-warmer pockets – my fingers actually snag on it.  this was a poor choice for a $100+ jacket. the drink pocket, as we know, does not fit any can or water bottle in the smaller women's sizes, at least.  any suggestions for how to use that pocket? it's a fine jacket, but for the price i paid, i would expect better quality materials.
we received our jackets today womens small and medium and men's large.  they should have fit us according to the sizing charts, but they are way off in sizing, closer to the sizes i find here in singapore.  my nine year old daughter can wear the medium i ordered for myself and i can wear my husband's men's large.  i'm just over five feet and the men's large fits me length wise well, i can't imagine it would come close on most guys or even women that are average to tall.  the quality seems great, but wish that i could get one for my husband that would fit.
all, i just requested an exchange and was notified it is possible, but will incur two way shipping charges to field the exchange "because we are a small team." the reason i'm exchanging is that i ordered a men's xl and it is cut like a men's medium... seems to be a common theme on the complaint roster here. i know this because my son has several men's medium jackets and it fits him just like the other medium jackets from major manufacturers. very disappointed in the lack of comms about sizing being extremely small and short. if anyone is interested in a men's xl black bomber cut for a medium size dude please let me know. i'd rather ship to someone who can use it now than back to baubux. i can't wait any longer for them to catch up on this kickstarter. as an entrepreneur of 8 startups, this campaign is a perfect example of growth too fast, too soon.
i received my black bomber jacket today. it's a bit small in the arms and i have small arms. so i was pretty disappointed in that. the blow up neck pillow makes the hood bulky and is also difficult to fit back in the hood. other than that, the material is nice.
received jacket today...way too small (short in the torso) i'm average height (5'7" female) and should have this as a belly jacket. super disappointing.
received my jacket this weekend. long wait, but i really love the jacket. i keep hearing the jackets are running small, but in my case, this was an advantage. i'm 5 foot 90 lbs and i can never get anything small enough to actually fit. the xs bomber jacket is probably the first jacket i've bought that fit me perfectly (yay!). anyway, i'm super happy with the red color and the size. i was expecting the neck pillow to be built in, and i haven't found a way to leave the neck pillow in the hood and still have the hood look right when it's up. however, i've just started experimenting so perhaps i'll find another way to carry it or make it work in the hood. all in all, i'm really happy with my jacket. thanks!
the better business bureau.
@owen. thanks for that. i do have an email confirming the address change and also my jacket came to the correct address. baffled by the new notifications and that i have had multiple emails for one blanket. also had delivery notifications which are incorrect and when i enquired they directed me to dpg hkg who said they have no idea what baubax are on about. needlessly complicated. who are bbb?
@haych: if you have proof of them saying it's changed, you have cause to get refunded, and if they don't, bbb will tear them a new one.
@creator.  so disappointed that i keep getting shipping notifications to my old address. the one that you assured me that you'd updated. the one that my jacket came to. so why now would you ship the blanket separately to my old address? these mistakes are easily avoidable and end up costing your backers money - i now have to pay to forward my address.
received the 2 bombers and 2 blazers on wednesday. thankfully, i was not required to pay any customs(in canada - new brunswick). all the 4 fit very well but do not have much room to put all items in the jacket. a slightly bigger jacket (0.5 inch more) would have been great. overall the product is fine.
this is bs. now that i send you an email letting you know about the bbb you decide to et back to me after ignoring me for months? now you want to confirm my address after i've done it 5 times already? i want my money back not the jacket you clearly had no intent of sending until i did the leg work.
received the jacket on tuesday 04.19, but forgot to report. jackets seem good (my bomber and windbreaker). don''t know about the blazers and sweatshirt. they run small like zara size instead of us size. only complaint is the zipper on air pillow. it is quite cheaply made, and i reckon that it would separate soon
i finally received a shipping notice. it is scheduled to arrive on 4/27/16. standby for more details. we may have all been duped.
only received a partial order, emailed support once but no reply. just sent out another email and a direct message here. order 12845586, reference # 22706.
has anyone in the states received tracking info before they arrived? anxiously awaiting my jackets and am starting to feel like i got duped.
okay so, not to get on anyone's bad side or anything, but there's quite a few complaints and such about poor service and such.  i live in canada, and therefore, i also had to pay a import tax charge. #1, that charge has nothing to do with this company and what they are selling. it is the import taxes on your item. if you need to blame someone for such a large bill, you can blame the people who did the shipping, as well as the people who enforce your country's taxes - your government. #2. i ordered two items. one sweater for my friend in xxxl, and one for me in the medium bomber. i just want to say to anybody who is considering buying these products, they're actually extremely nice products. the bomber i got was better than i possibly expected, and had way better quality than i initially expected as well. i got the bomber two weeks ago and even though it's getting warmer out, it's still one of the best jackets i've ever owned. i have yet to use the hood or the built in neck pillow, but that's cuz i have yet to go travelling. it does seem practical, even if the neck pillow is a little tedious to take out and put back in, it's still worth it and it is actually pretty comfortable. no delays in the amount of time it takes to inflate or deflate at all.  the pockets have excellent design and they fit everything i could possibly want. my body's pectorales are a little bigger than the idea of putting my galaxy note 4 in the front pockets will allow, but otherwise, they're great for holding money and passports, or whatever. i personally think the jacket is fantastic, with or without travel. and even though it took a while to get to me, much longer than i expected anyways, it was still fantastically worth it in the end. even included the large import charge i had to pay for. the company did good with their promise.
do not buy! i made this mistake, is anyone else having issues with the appalling customer service?!  who doesn't have a phone number?! whenever i tried to get in touch with them they were answering questions i didn't ask! and each time was to a different representative who had clearly not read what had been said before!  sincerely not impressed with this company! to be fair, it was my fault for trying to contact people who deliver promises, but five months later then they said they would deliver.
@suumi faati you are incorrect about the duty charge. that charge was duty, taxes and likely a fee from the company that processed across the border (dhl). there would be a breakdown of the fees on the package. it has nothing to do with shipping.
rodirgo, thanks!
james, you must contact support@baubax.com. i would suggest get a screen shot of your pledge and show them that you ordered for the s and not m. also be aware that a lot of people have been finding that the size they ordered has been quite fit or snug. if you decide to exchange it for the one you ordered contact them they should cover the expense since it was their mistake. check some reviews here https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
i have asked for a s size but i received an m size. what can i do to swap?
got the bomber and blazer. the bomber is very good and impressive.  the quality and cutting of the blazer look cheap. and the "built-in" neck pillow is a joke .... ......
reviews, rants, commiserate and detailed fixes for those who ordered tall sizes because... they didn't make tall sizes with exception of the blazer:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ north american swap group:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/ you are not alone in this.
just received my baubax jacket and like everyone else i paid quite the customs charge and i got the wrong size
i'm disappointed that the jacket is too small (i am 1/2 way between medium and large, and the large does not fit).  for some reason, the designers decided that putting the wrong zipper on (male jackets the hook part goes on the left, and the part that slides in at the bottom is on the right) was a good design decision.  and finally the cuffs that hook around the thumb need to go.   if i can't get a jacket that fits, has the right zipper and has the cuffs removable, i would like a refund.
i have had quite a few issues with this jacket.  it needs to be fixed as it's unwearable at the moment.  the left sleeve is smaller than the right sleeve and when you tuck in the built in hand warmers it cuts off circulation in my left arm.  way to tight and i ordered a size larger than i usually wear.  next, i have had two buttons falls off already - both were on the hood section so now i don't have a way to secure my built in head pillow. left side outer pocket isn't seamed correctly, items you put in there go thru to the inner shell making that pocket useless.  also my water bottle is cracked and not able to hold water.  oh and the gloves are two sizes to small! what can i do to get these issues resolved?
i had my measurements taken very carefully by a tailor so i could get a perfect fitting jacket. i just received my jacket today. not only did i have to pay a $105.56 customs charge, but the jacket doesn't even fit as the sizing chart said it would. it is clearly more than a couple inches bigger. the whole reason i went and paid to get a fitting at a tailor was to avoid this mess. i would like to return my jacket for a smaller size or get a complete refund. i'm quite disappointed with this.
ordered size xlt, tagged xl fits perfect anyhow, at least with spring clothes. top quality. worst shipping ever. cost a fortune and arrives a wreck. how a detail can ruin an endevour.
can someone please share all the emails for baubax support? i ordered this in july of last year and since then i haven't received any messages from them that were mass sends. i don't have my jacket, haven't gotten any tracking info, and every email and kickstart message i've sent has been ignored. now kickstart, who also told me they wouldn't help me, is trying to mark down that my jacket has been delivered when it hasn't. can anyone help with some alternate emails and phone #'s for baubax so i can get my money back?
just received my baubax bomber jacket today, and i have mixed feelings about it.  i do seem bitchy and ranty but i am overall glad i finally received the jacket.  it is a very long review, and a too long; didn’t read will follow as another post earlier made (my english is also a bit cringy, sorry). i live in montreal, canada and had to pay 44,22$ to get my package.  i gotta say, i checked on canada post the meaning of c.o.d. (cash on delivery)and ask the lady at the canada post counter and she first told me it was the customs tax then said «sorry, no, actually cod is the cash you gotta pay to get your package, it’s not a duty tax.» (don’t know if i am being clear here), but i mean to say, i did not pay a custom clearance, it is an overcharge of the value or the shipping itself).    i have to mention first that i am a fashion design graduate (i understand the principles of pattern making, sewing, designing and fitting) + a student in garment production management (i am learning the production management principles (producing a product with the right costs in the right delays, at the right quality) with classes about import/export basics, production and planning management, quality control, operations management, customer relation, etc.)  i am writing a review here as a customer mostly but also as a student with basic knowledge in such fields. i do not think as myself as an expert in the matters of garment production management.  i would not have been able to handle a project this big in only a very short (too short to be realistic) delay.  i am only using what i learned in school as objective tools to help me  express my critical self.  studying fashion design then garment production management helped me a lot develop a critical thinking sense about fashion, garment construction, fast fashion, production, costing and management in general. details of my order :  baubax bomber red, women’s large size received an e-mail for shipping notification a week prior to reception order received is correct in size and colour choice cons :  fitting i usually fit a medium, but decided to order a large, just in case it happened to be smaller.  (also, with my pockets full it would be uncomfortable to wear too tight).  i received the right size, but it was a bit too small for me.  the back (from one shoulder blade to another) - or carrure dos in french - is too tight.  i do not think it is the standard size of a large.   the sleeves are way too short.  the measure from shoulder point to the end of the rib is 23,5’’ and up to the sleeve jersey extension makes it up to 28-29’’ (right jersey is 1 inch shorter than right one).  i also expected the jersey extension for the thumbs to be tuckable inside the real sleeve, but the real sleeve being too short of at least 2 inches... it is not tuckable. if i refer back to the sizing chart of the women’s bomber sleeves for large size says : 34’’.    measures should be taken from shoulder point to wrist bone...  it measures for the hips are flush.  hips circumference measure are 39’’ (taken up to rib and did not measure rib because it is stretch).   - bad sizing makes it a major issue general confection some overstichings really are irregular... some stiches are longer than the others (refered to as stiches per inch - spi.  spi irregularity is the result of machine or fabric problems and can affect durability of garments.  there is a standard spi for every fabric (more spi for lighter fabrics (short stiches), less for thougher for heavier fabrics (longer stiches)) - medium to major issue bartacks of ipad pockets are off the seams (supposed to cover them) - minor issue fabric con the rib, although great, seems to be prompt to piling easily.  overall i think it will not last long if we are not careful about it. - minor to medium issue design con where the hell is the sleeve lining? wearing the bomber with 3/4 sleeves or short sleeves makes the skin rub against overlock seams, and it is the least comfortable.  i can feel all the thick piping overlocked seams along the arm lol.   seriously, this is a very big design fail, as a sleeve lining would have required 4 pieces of pattern and 6 seams in total... also, it protects the armhole overlock threads from unraveling because of time and repeated contacts with other clothes.  - major issue here the free gloves are a joke ahah. yes they do work with tactile screens, and the fingers are long enough but the palms aren’t and so they don’t cover the whole hand area... lol  they are uncomfortable (they slip up because too short) and so useless.   the brand tag on the back of my jacket is a quarter inch off to the right.  it’s just annoying but barely noticeable.  - minor issue water bottle does not fit anywhere in the coat without being uncomfortable or awkward.  - minor issue pros  the fabric (100% polyester) is two sided.  the shell is water resistant and the interior is fleece (warm and cozy).  i am very satisfied by the fabric.   let’s just hope it won’t shrink after the first and second washes.  -i would try washing it with half a cup of vinegar so the colors don’t bleed out- trimmings quality : very great.  the zippers are ykk.  it may seem like a small detail but ykk is a well reputed brand with few issues regarding the quality, so the durability is ensured.  all the zippers of the bomber are ykk.   inflatable pillow is working really well. the overall look is not so bad appart for the short sleeves.   the overall comfort is a bit bad because it is too small and i can’t extend my arms too much («carrure» is too small, sleeves are too short).   the bomber with pockets fully stuffed would be a bit too tight on me i went back to see challenges and risk section they promised us on the beginning of this promising project (and feel like this section is just idealistic false bs to convince us to back the projects):  they have a very experienced team, the risks are minimal and the design is going to be more polished 1- an experienced team could have foreseen fitting problems and issues when receiving the pre-production sample proto-samples and other kinds from the punctual  manufacturers they ‘‘locked in’’ a well fitting garment, that respects the sizing specs and standards is part of the quality control.   2- the risks never were minimal, from the moment they over exceeded their crowd funding campaign the risks went up drastically.  the quantities of ever style in every colour to produce rose high and would have required from the start a real logistics expert.  (3pl as they called it too).   3- the design is in fact more polished.   no regrets here the pillow works wonderfully well.  the trims are high quality.  the fabric choice is perfect. now i would like to add two things, as a customer, never put the blame on anyone else than you.  this is a loser attitude as a company.  nothing irritates more than a customer being involved in these stories.  transparency is great, i appreciated those e-mails about how the production was going, but whining, dissing and drama isn’t.  putting fault on others is not professional at all.  customer relationship is really important.  there should be a service offered before, during and after the selling and production and shipping period.  -please at least read the toyota way - 14 management principles by jeffrey liker, it teaches humility and responsibility and also how customers should be treated, it has very great managing tips for production floors and problem solving principles -  another thing, while saying sorry for the delays, not our fault, their fault on your emails, please do not tell me about other great projects you are backing.  seriously, most of the baubax backers are first time kickstarter backers enduring the delays and not wanting to ever back any project again (or at least wanting to see the end of this project before putting trust in another one).  you are a story of success, but you are serving as a first time experience for some of us and will determine our final opinion on what crowd funding a project means.
tl;dr of longer review  paid 44,22$ of cash on delivery : not happy about that.   the overall look is not so bad apart for the short sleeves.   the overall comfort is a bit bad because it is too small and i can’t extend my arms too much (back «carrure dos» is too small, sleeves are too short).   the bomber with pockets fully stuffed would be a bit too tight on me fittings and quality controls on the sizes on samples and on the garments during and after final production would have been great... quality control is an aspect concerning fabrics, sewing, design and fit specifications.   logistics are not a detail to take lightly in production.  logistics are as important as they hold everything together.   customer satisfaction should be the heart of your whole project.  the project started out really great, communication was interesting to read and keeping us up.  then delays happened and things got out of hand.   transparency in communication is the key.  saying sorry is important.  saying sorry, and pointing fingers - taking no responsibility is mortal for a company - to the customers’ eyes.   arranging production taking into account a country’s national holidays would be taking control of the situation.  making sure everything is planned or done before hitting these holidays would be nice. final word, i would recommend this product only if the sizing specifications and sleeve lining are corrected.  i would not recommend a friend to buy the jacket the same price i paid (in canadian dollars).  it should be at least 40$ bucks cheaper. i would still like to thank baubax for developing such a cool project.  it really started out great and i am not horribly displeased by the jacket in itself, but i am a bit saddened by my experience (on the project, the delays and the costs) and would not crowdfund anything else, because i learned the difference between duplicates - selling samples and real final product (i watched the axent wear project go on a downfall too.)
received the blazer. xl which i ordered knowing it was comparable to calvin klein jacket sizing and would be smaller. i will forever loathe baubax for their crappy campaign, lies, delays, misinformation, deceit, etc.; however, the blazer is really nice. fits perfect, good material, everything works. add-on gloves are garbage. not crazy about the cheap nylon lining but it's ok. i will definitely use the blazer a lot.  despite the negative experience, i got what i hoped for. now, burn in hell baubax creators.
we recieved our jackets and love them they'll come in handy in our travels, was wondering if it is possible to exchange sizes though. mine is a little snug across the shoulders. thanks for your time.
finally received tracking information on my two jackets and sweatshirt. i'm in california and the tracking information says they're coming from georgia. what happened to vegas? it says i'll get 1 pair of small gloves and two pairs of medium. the medium gloves are suppose to accompany my xl jackets. our family has very large hands so i'm not expecting those will be used. i'm excited to finally have something coming, unfortunately the weather was in the 80's this week so i'm not sure how useful the jacket is going to be. we'll see.
ok...so picked it up and the jacket isn't actually that bad but i think in the end was over priced because of duty. it's a _tiny_ bit snug in the arms but not unwearable and i could stand to lose a few pounds so pass on the size although i think it may be just a bit small for na size large. not crazy about the hood or pillow so removed both and put them in the closet along with the tiny gloves which i guess are meant to work in conjunction with the sleeve insert. overall seems good enough quality but now much too warm to wear a bomber jacket. glad to call this kickstarter "fulfilled".
@elton lau curious how you didn't get dinged with the super duty on bc.
@john j. butcher you are mistaken. most kickstarters i've backed (with the exception of 2..i stated 1 below but i forgot one from china i had to pay duty on) from the us did not require duty because they got shipping partners in the my country (canada) so no duty. others pre-pay the duty so no duty. only those that are inept, ignorant or otherwise not able to cover the duty (because too small an operation for instance) make the backers then also pay duty. out of over 45 kickstarters i've paid duty twice including this one. the other one was for an over $200 pledge from china and the duty on that was considerably less than on this stupid jacket.
@katherine kan  not sure if you will see this message but i've never paid duty/tax on kickstarters before this one and i've backed over 45. most projects eat the cost of the duty or otherwise factor it in and still others get shipping partners in the eu and canada, et al that make them "friendly" to ship to that country. you should always ask the creators if it isn't explicitly stated on the campaign page. don't let baubax ruin a usually pretty good thing for you.
$56 cdn duty for a jacket that cost me $109 usd????? wtf? how much did you guys put on the declaration for fuck sakes? nice kick in the balls...and it probably doesn't even fit right. dreading going to pick it up.
i have had my hoodie for about 3 weeks, bomber about 2 week. i am going to have to agree with mike decuir on the pros and cons. i use them on a daily basis (train ride to and from work) but i find the eye masks keep falling down when i down want to use them. i have fixed  the problem with a button and elastic loop. i find it hard to store the neck pillow in the hood and use the hood. so naturally i have removed it and tucked in ipad pocket or in my back pack pen/stylus has come in handy.  also since i wear glasses to work its nice to know my glasses wont get lost when i nap on the train, though it would have been nice to have rigidity to that pocket. overall the build i nice.  the jacket and hoodie are heavy but warm and comfortable.  finger less glove work great. i would defiantly not pay more than what i had as the kickstarter price.
i got my bomber jacket about 3 weeks ago and i have very mixed feelings about it. cons: there is no insert that explains the features present in the jacket so i had to go online to make sense of some of the features. the zipper is on the wrong side for a mens jacket.  normally the standard for mens clothing is to have the zipper on the right hand side, but my jacket has it on the left. not having the neck pillow anchored to anything in the hood makes the hood functionally unusable unless the pillow is removed. the eye mask cannot be secured in place, so it slips down a lot when using the hood as a hood. the blanket and portable charger pockets have limited use because of how snug the jacket fits. there are no holes that can allow you to run a cable from the portable charger either out of the jacket to a device you are holding or to the phone pocket without unzipping the jacket. the bonus water bottle doesn't really fit with the jacket. threading headphones through the holders is convoluted enough that they are impractical to use if you are expecting to take your jacket off at all. pros: very warm built in fingerless gloves work great lots of pockets of varying sizes is great. the pen + stylus on the zipper is pretty cool, but probably warrants being sold as an entirely separate item, especially if it can be manufactured with better stylus tips. the neck pillow and eye mask work great when you are actually trying to use them. overall, the kickstarter price for this jacket was about what i feel it is worth, but i would probably not pay the full retail price for it.
just got my shipping notification. living in central nj. will update on quality/fit when package arrives.
i finally received my 2 jackets today. i'm in canada and that stupid 100 $ c.o.d. fee is very frustrating. on top of that, one of the jacket is the wrong size!!!! anyone got tips or a similar story to share because i think it will be another year before i get the correct jacket if i'm lucky. about the jackets well, the materials are ok i guess, (i have the windbreaker and wife the bomber) i can't comment on the size because it's way too small for me but i noticed the pillow in the hood is uncomfortable (it can be removed). very disappointed like a lot of you to have paid and waited much longer that what was expected and i'm starting my battle to get my wrong size jacket fixed!
selling my 2xt since this scam of a company obviously will not help.
i received my jackets today (ordered for the whole family). i'm in northern california and got 2 bombers, 4 sweatshirts - mix of men and women's sizes. they do run small - the sizes so far fit but are not as roomy as we expected. i hope the remaining 3 jackets fit when the rest of the family can try it on. they are very well made. baubax had lost credibility in my eyes over the past 6 months, but the money was pledged so i was crossing my fingers hoping for the best. now that i have them, i'm happy with the product. i only wish baubax was more communicative and up front about delays. quick functional review - like others stated the neck pillow is bulky so i'd only tuck that in the jacket when traveling. the drink holder does not fit any drink (soda, water bottle) but honestly that's minor. everything else is great. i got a child's kindle with a fat foam case, passport, iphone 6+, sunglasses, and charger in the jacket and it wore comfortably. i think i could even tuck more stuff in there!
received my jacket yesterday- i absolutely love it!  now that i've got it in my hands, it was well worth the wait- this will definitely be my go-to travel jacket, moving forward.  thank you for an excellent product!
i've just been charged £105 customs charge here in the uk to get my jacket.... wtf!
my jacket arrived nearly 4 weeks ago and i was sent the wrong size. it was not what i ordered. i sent an email and all i have received back was an automated response. has anyone ever heard from them?
finally got my jacket. a day before my vacation. close call. i'm in nyc. arrived with no tracking information emailed. from what i see and quickly tried on the jacket is of good material and warm. the zippers and pockets were good. the gloves are weird. sort of like driving gloves. the jacket fits perfectly.
just received my shipping tracking # - montreal, canada
just got the blazer jacket!  the materials are great.  the zippers work well and seem like they will be very sturdy.  surprised that the neck pillow is not built in.  also the koozie pocket is too small for a mini can...seems like it will be useless.  didn't test with an airport can, but the small cans from the grocery store do not fit.  the blanket is also huge.  i don't see how that fits in the pocket, at all.  it is not what was advertised...no where near the size comparison shown in the pictures.  what happened there?
quick question...wasn't the neck pillow supposed to be built in and not flopping around in a hidden pocket in the hood?
april is almost over and o have not yet received my order. went in on 10 jackets with friends and still waiting. should i not be getting a tracking # so i can at least know approximately when i might expect to see something? the excitement for this product has faded and i now have to explain why people have had to pay good money and still no product. can anyone shed some light on when these will actually show up.
@larafogel - the cod is the custom fee
anybody hear ordered a l (not lt) charcoal sweatshirt for men? i need a favor from you. would you be so kind i take a picture of the jacket and then the barcode and send it to rodrigogar @ yahoo . com ? i am comparing to the lt they said i received but packing list, tags and jacket read "l", however they say that the barcode is how it is identified. thank you
so the sleeves of my bomber jacket are not lined with the same silky fabric that lines the body interior. is this how it's supposed to be? i've never had a jacket where the sleeves weren't lined in the same way as the body. also, i have no idea why my shipment came with ten water bottles. i never ordered even one. hopefully the two blazers that i ordered that were not on the manifest, nor in the box are still on their way....
@brian fried: rural southwestern ontario location here. thank you for explaining that shipping ordeal, as infuriating as it is.  my package just arrived at the post office, but there's an unexplained $93.51 fee being charged (referred to as cash on delivery) that the office employees say are not duties/taxes.  i'll have to go back & take a closer look at the labels. i'm not paying until i figure out where this almost 100 extra dollars is going!!  thankfully my local post office was very understanding, & are holding the package until i hear back from baubax (email sent tonight).  quite upset.... i was looking forward to these jackets....  just for the record, i'm one of those fortunate souls who has yet to get dinged by duties on cross-border purchases *knocks on wood*
@brian: canada post put their sticker covering the dhl one, so i could barely see anything. couldn't see the prices that were listed.
oh, and if you are not canadian and wondering why we are complaining… according to my pledge, i paid $50 shipping in my pledge — which means, for $50, we paid to have the product picked up and taken to the canadian border. $50 at most other couriers — including usps — gets the product to my house, not my country's borders, with less of a door-to-door charge and service that's just as fast.
to all canadians… there is a duty and hst charge based on the stated value of the product. baubax has added our shipping charge on the pledge to the value of the product, which means we are paying double on the shipping. then, the shipping company — dhl — used their own broker for the fees, so they are passed on to you with an extra $10 for handling the transaction. just look at the sticker on your box. it has the breakdown of prices.
just got mine and really upset :( i got one bomber and one sweatshirt. overall the bomber quality is better, and less lumpy when you use the pockets, but the pillow is freefloating in the hood, nothing holding it in place which makes for uncomfortable wear of the hood. the sweatshirt is awful - especially for the price we paid. it's lumpy when you put things in the pockets, and requires the visor to be down or it gets warped. they didnt give the visor enough give so that it could hide under the hood when it's not needed. also the pillow is so large that the sweatshirt hood looks like i'm wearing a helmet, even with the pillow being deflated. sad days.
finally got my order delivered and it's the wrong size! i double checked my order confirmation to make sure it wasn't a mistake on my end and indeed they sent the wrong jacket. i'm totally unimpressed with the product and this company, besides this public comment section i can't even find a way to contact them about their mistake. this is my first and likely last time partaking in a kickstarter project; i'd rather get a refund but at least i hope i can get the actual jacket i ordered.
well, i am still to receive a reply via email about the lt that should have been... in the mean time scottevest will be winning my business with their baubax relief program. also people who want to try and trade or sell their jackets, here is a fb group for that https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
from upstate ny waiting for a tracking email or package, haven't heard anything yet!
blazer made of terrible material! the sleeves are a joke and look totally piece-meal. incredibly short, particularly in the sleeves, for the men's m tall blazer! my poor husband waited for these anniversary and christmas presents for months. i'll still be irate despite it being warmer and no need to utilize his blazer to be reminded of how awful it is! i am totally glad i did not purchase a 4-pack of all blazers! could you imagine how upsetting having 4 terrible (expensive) blazers would be?! the men's m tall hoodie was a bit too tight, but will do, just not what was hoped for... women's l tall hoodie and bomber jacket - ok, but could be considered tight for those that typically do wear "l" clothing. i typically wear medium, so the l is just right, especially if i lost a few pounds and slimmed down. the bonus gloves are a joke, too. the asians just threw those in since they're probably even too small for themselves! they had to find a way to get rid of those somehow/somewhere! at least the electronic fingers work? they're even too goofy-fitted for my young tech kids! the blanket?! made of that sticky microfiber-like material? it clings to everything, especially my hands! how is one supposed to handle/be comforted by that? so sad we were excited to do all the proper measurements 10x over and had months of anticipation during the constant postponing period! how many people moved while waiting? how many seasons did we go through - how many are now heading into summer or winter? how many people's bodies drastically changed (weight loss/gain) while waiting? how many people grew pregnant or delivered a baby through their wait? how many people died while waiting for their orders to arrive? i didn't intend on being rude, just some thoughts i had time to chill with throughout the winter months. i'll have even more time while the coats linger, filling our closets, most likely never to be worn...
anyone in the gta want to trade their black mens large bomber for my black mens medium bomber? sizing was way off for me and don't really want to get slapped with a two way shipping fee after a $53 custom fee.
@ owen, this is also the first time that i have had to pay extra. i'm not sure what the rules are for bringing products into the country but i know that i was charged duty based on buying a certain product. i did not buy a product, i pledged and basically donated an amount for which i received a reward. i'm hoping that there is a recourse to recoup these fees. i wrote and asked them two months ago how they intended to ship to canada and described the best options. i have an american address that i could have used. i was told at the time that they did not know and would let me know as soon as those logistics were in place. there was no follow up.
i am in toronto, canada and have received all my orders (2 hoodies initial backing on kickstart) and 1 bomber with 2 blankets through promotional prices in october. i am impressed with the quality of the products. the bomber in my opinion is better design for fit - sleeves are perfect unlike the hoodies which the sleeves are a little long. this is my first crowfund and i am not disappointed with the product at all & although the delivery took much longer than anticipated, the wait for me personally was fine. what i am extremely unhappy about is the custom fees that i have paid ($69 for the first and $74 for the 2nd delivery with canada post). i am unsure how it was all calculated but it seems astronomical for the prices shipped. it is a lesson learned for me & i will not likely fund another startup again as i think there is no benefit of savings.
just got mine today.  i had pledged the blazer plus 2 other jackets early bird level. i got the 2 bomber jackets i ordered, but the main item, the blazer, is not on the packing slip nor in the box. i guess on the positive the packing slip is correct as to what actually shipped.  it's just not 100% of what i ordered.
hello: just got it today. however, the shipping box was opened partially. probably broken during the shipping process. that part is ok. but i didn't see any side-open box listed in the invoice? may i know what's the side-open box looks like? other than that, everything else works fine. it fits me so i don't think i need to exchange anything.
in regards to: john j. butcher about 11 hours ago "everything ordered from kickstarter/whatever will usually get stuck in customs if ordering outside of eu (or your own tax area)" in the 56 projects i've backed, majority of which i have already received, this is the first that i had to pay customs on. i recently got stuff imported from japan, had to pay nothing extra. multiple orders of things from the us(jackets, movies through amazon or other online retailers, board games, collectable figures), very rarely do i have to pay for any customs charges. and even then, it's nowhere near the ~$53 i had to pay to get this jacket(on items that ranged from $50-$250). oh, and i'm in canada, so all of the above would be needing to go through customs.
jacket finally arrived - large women's bomber. when i opened it, the quality actually looked pretty good. even though i ordered a tall size, i was still holding out some hope that it might fit. while the lower part of the jacket fit pretty well, it was very tight across the shoulders and the sleeves were quite short (with my arms down). when i put my arms straight out in front of me, the sleeves ended about halfway up my forearms with the built-in hand covers stretching all the way past my fingertips! it was the most ridiculous sight! i didn't bother checking out the rest of the jacket or the accessories. since i couldn't dispute the charge with my credit card, it's time to decide whether it's worth fighting for a refund or attempting to exchange it. i wish baubax would just admit that they bailed on the tall sizes and offer some options to those of us that got screwed out of what we ordered. even so, i doubt the 1" of extra length in the tall size would have made up for the sleeves being that short. i may have to look at the men's sizes if i decide to exchange.
got my wife's bomber on monday april 18. jackets is very nice. sizing is way off. glad we ordered a bigger size than we thought we needed as they do run very small. not sure we'd order again if we had it to do over. we have since found the scottevest company and have been very happy with their stuff.
finally got my jackets today i was told by my wife. 5 jackets just left inside front porch. no customs/import duties then?? can't complain!! (richmond hill, canada)
paid a lot for these jackets, and yet there's another payment in the customs for $150. i hope the payments and the wait is worth it.
received my three jackets yesterday, atlanta ga. packing slip says it was mailed the 14th. i never received a tracking notification but this is at the fault of rakuten super logistics and not baubax...something many backers don't seem to grasp. anyways, jackets all fit correctly between my girlfriend and i. when we ordered we pulled out the old fashion measuring tape and went off the chart baubax provided...as in we both actually measured ourselves. small bomber for her, small blazer and medium windbreaker for me. the jackets all felt nice. probably a little warm for now but will be handy when traveling up north and next fall/winter. for those who can't get the neck pillow to stay inflated, it is a pressure based valve. you blow it up as if you are sitting on an airline seat and it is fine. if you lean foreword and remove the pressure from the pillow, it will deflate. the pillow fits nicely in the hood for travel but i removed ours for wearing around normally. i really like how the pockets use some of the smaller zippers, the are smooth and less likely to catch. overall, great jackets especially for baubax's first major production run. the customer service and distribution partners could be better but again, it's a start up company and this is kickstarter, issues are to be expected.
i got my three jackets. will exchange one.
still waiting for an email or package, but still hopeful.
still no delivery to winnipeg, canada
so i got a shipping notice over a month ago, followed by an email saying - delivered! shame i never received the product and the 5 weeks of chasing baubaux support never lasts more than 1 reply before i need to open a new request! yay for crappy kickstarters! never again!
i've just got mine today and luckily i have had not to pay any customs charges :) i'm upset waiting all this time and it doesn"t fit the large is more like a medium! i wish i could sell it now, what a big disappoint!  what a total waste of time and money cant't believe they are still raising money on indiego for another the same jacket!
still no delivery in germany. whats up with this guys?
i have read too many comments and i can just feel little wtf against most of the people complaining about customs charges. have you being all living in barrel? if customs charges did come as suprise? never ordered anything abroad? please go back to barrel and stop complaining. everything ordered from kickstarter/whatever will usually get stuck in customs if ordering outside of eu (or your own tax area). sometimes package or two slips through customs but i think ones should consider lucky in that case. i have been lately declaring most of my chinese orders as chinese senders declare value of package to be under $20 even when goods inside can go $200 or more. (and customs have noticed this, so they seem to want declare all packets incoming from china, regardless of value on top of package) in my case package slip was filled correctly with price i paid in kickstarter (amounts were wrong, but totals were right), but its not mattering to customs as many company are committing frauds when filling up the customs declaration sheets and undervaluing products inside. that is why at least finnish customs usually wants receiver to declare product anyway. of course at least in here, one can commit fraud in this stage too (falsifying proof of purchase etc), but it will be punished heavily. anyway. i'm sure baubax cant do anything for custom charges (other than lying in the customs declaration sheet, which happens also to be crime)
does anyone know of a baubax trader site since dealing with them directly seems hopeless.   i am in no way considered a big guy, followed the sizing to the point and these things are snug.   i purchased a medium and need a large.   i where small sizes with certain brands, but never have i had to go up a size before
got my bomber jacket finally today. i have to say i am not impressed what so ever with the quality. lets start with the gloves, if they can even be called gloves, they are a pathetic excuse for gloves, so lets move on. pillow, um its not even attached in the hood its just hidden in some pocket and it moves around, which makes it uncomfortable to have inside the hood, then i attempted to inflate it and the air came out almost instantly. overall the size fit, but once i added stuff into the pockets, it made it difficult to zip the jacket. it just looks and feels very cheap and like it wont last more than a couple of months, maybe a year. overall i am not happy with this backed project what so ever, also their lack of communication throughout the process just makes the whole experience worse. i guess you win some you lose some. this was a waste of money and time.
just got my sport coat in ann arbor michigan, seems well made, and the fit was great.
received my blazar. by far, worst material i ever seen in my life! that qualify to the level of scam. a friend of mine received a bomber, the quality of bomber honestly is not bad, though it is still not matching the price, but whatever, it is wearable. but the blazar, seriously. it is terrible. and even the sewing is wrong! a logical respectful move would be refunding those who ordered blazar, or send a bomber, i paid 70 euros customs for that poor quality thing
i got my bomber today, upstate ny. i really like it, it seems well made from good materials. the negative comments had me worried, but after a solid look over, everything seems to be good. i got my tracking email last friday.
received my bomber jacket today -- i also live outside philadelphia. i received a tracking number last friday.
philadelphia usa here, got my sweatshirts about three weeks ago. i've been wearing them ever since and wrote an ~1200 word review here for those interested: http://www.buyswithfriends.com/epic-review-baubax-jacket-one-delayed-kickstarter-projects-ever/
finally received my jackets today and was really worried about the fit for the sweatshirt as i didn't size up on it.....but it fit perfect. i did size up on the bomber for layering purposes and that turned out to be a great gamble....it also fit perfect. so far everything seems fine and better than i had expected. i think that reading all of the negative comments had me worrying far more than i had to. the only thing that i'm not happy about is the extra charges to canada.
mine just arrived. luckily, it fit me. florida here.
got my blazer and bomber. 100$ cod debit or cash - some kind of new scum? disappointingly poor quality of product. is there a way to get refund?  if anyone planing to do some legal action against baubax count me in.
leave reviews here where baubax can't delete them!  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ north american swap group here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/ just for the fun of it:  https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
got my windbreaker yesterday! it's actually heavier than i expected it to be. fits a little more snug than the bomber even though it's the same size (different cut) but otherwise it's great! probably won't keep the pillow in it unless i'm traveling as it adds a lot of weight to the hood but otherwise it's exactly what i had hoped for.
got my coat and it's too small :( anyone know how to exchange the coat?
backer in malaysia here! finally got something - but my product was stuck at customs and i received my shipping notice late, so i barely had time to sort it out and had to pay about 60 bucks additional for 2 jackets... pros (surprisingly there are some!) - the quality is really quite decent. tested all the zips, checked the seams, etc - so far all checks out. i might be one of the lucky few? and i ordered s, and they do fit fine, kind of snug - i could only wear one layer under. for the sweatshirt that's fine, but for the bomber i think it should have been bigger. cons - aside from the terrible customer service, the hood is like...ridiculously heavy with the neck pillow. when you remove it, it's ok but that defeats the point of having a "built-in" (it's not actually built in...) pillow. also their sizing of the hoods are weird. the sweatshirt one is really baggy at the neck, while the bomber one is so tight and restrictive that i could never use it, i can't even button it - i feel like they attacked an xxs hood to my s jacket. bottomline - if baubax had been at all professional in dealing with their customers, i would have been happy with the final product even after the wait. however because of the truly awful service, i'm telling all my friends not to bother.
meant to post soon but i received my men's small blazer and women's small hoody last week. fit is snug but okay for me (i'm a thin guy) and my wife's small is snug too, definitely can't later underneath. the hand warmers attached to the sleeves make wearing a watch difficult and are very hard to bypass. the neck pillow feels like an after thought, i thought it was going to better integrated into the collar, instead it's a separate piece tucked into the hood.  quality is okay, but the price of the hoodie should have been much lower than the jacket. i ended up paying over $150 cdn for each piece with taxes/brokerage and don't feel either item is worth anywhere close to that. pretty disappointed with this whole project...
finally got our jackets. yeah.  however, they are both too small - boo. i checked the measurements of the jackets against the sizing chart and find the jackets i ordered (women's medium and large) are sized like women's small and medium. additionally, when i took out the neck pillow and unzipped on of the zippers, it immediately broke. i am going to also email the company, but wanted to see if your response might help others with similar issues. sarah
got my jacket today!  i ordered one bomber and i live in ohio. shipping information came on friday. jacket fits great!  i ordered a small and followed the sizing guide. the only thing that i can see, is that the jacket is kinda short, so a medium probably would have been better because of length, but the arms fit nice (i am really short to this is usually where i have the most issue), and i have room for a sweatshirt underneath. i wish the pillow fit better in the hood, i may figure something out to get the pillow to fit better in there so i can use the hood and keep the pillow in the hood. took me a minute and some research to get the neck pillow attached, but that pillow is the coolest design ever!!! the gloves they sent with the jacket fit me well and they work with my phone which is an awesome plus for me. so, beside how long it took me to get the jacket (which i now can't wear till next winter) it's pretty awesome and well made and i'm glad i invested in this project!
i've been sending emails to support@baubax.com about exchanging for a larger size ever since i received my jackets last month and have received nothing from you. i sent an email today and (also forwarded it to ks support) to better business bureau, as i had to let them know how i feel.  "i have been waiting weeks for information on how to exchange the bomber jacket that is too small. the jacket was not made correctly as it does not match the dimensions on the size chart (either one you posted) you provided on the kickstarter campaign. because you have not been responsive about resolving the issue, i had no choice but to have filed a dispute with the better business bureau. you have upset the majority of your investors with poor communication, broken promises, errors that have resulted in more costs, and product that was not made or sized correctly. i cannot begin to describe how frustrating this has been for me, waiting day after day for resolution. this campaign has been my worst experience with crowdfunding to date. not only will i will never back another project from you, i will dissuade all of my friends from investing in your new crowdfunding project moving forward----the next one you noted in a news article.
my husband cut the tag off his blazer so i don't think they're going to let him exchange it. it's a bit small for him. if you have a large men's black blazer and you want to exchange it with me for a medium men's black blazer, email me. dancer  project  at gmail on the other hand, i like my windbreaker! it's a slight bit small at the hips but not too bad.
i didn`t get my item , would you please kindly let me know how i can tracking it , thanks !
ok, i see you can exchange,but not until all orders are shipped out! that is all the crowdfunding orders! so does that include indiegogo? from what i gather,you email them,they email back in a few weeks because they are very busy with both campaigns' orders that have not shipped. until then you keep everything in its original box with all tags and stuff. then wait and wait,and wait.  sorry for my pessimistic outlook,i have a gut feeling this is gonna be nothing short of a migraine. they haven't even gone into the nightmare of returns and exchanges!  they have they're own form of time, days=weeks,weeks=months. i have no problem with kickstarter projects having delays or other problems. it's when they mislead you with bs, and put too much on their plate that they can not handle. @baubax i'm seriously losing my faith,so please help restore it,for it will help you should you ever choose to create something else or if i should continue support. i have backed many a campaign,both large and small, your quickly sliding down a shady road from my perspective.
receive my tracking number on the 7th, got a notification from the custom today (20th). they asked me for the proof of purchase/donation or the invoice. i thought baubax will take care for this before sending their package... that one of the reason the lastest delay...  sent a email today, hope they will answer soon.
oh by the way i have a medium that's too small and an extra large that is actually too big . i will be needing 2 sweatshirt jackets in large. do you think we all would be better of exchanging with each other? i'm just thinking i would like for us to be wearing our jackets sometime this year.  i just don't get this company. they had a huge campaign,which in turn can lead to problems with manufacturing and delivery. then they started another campaign on indiegogo. so the way i see it,we will be waiting until after they're orders ship.  seems kinda greedy. please @baubax re-instill some faith here.
how does anyone go about exchanging their jackets due to sizing issues? i can't even imagine what the wait time on an exchange will be!  it seems to me that a lot of people are claiming their jackets too small. i also received my jackets and yes too small.  would be great if you didn't need clothes underneath,but here in the northeast us, we wear layers due to the fact that it will be below freezing in the am. and pushing 70 degrees in the pm.  i based my sizing on their chart and what i had around. it all looked good on paper. so what next?
i still haven't received my jacket and i'm in california? is there something wrong here? i understand there were shipping "problems" but i never got any tracking numbers of related info? please help!!
got my cute red bomber jacket today, although no e-mail about it. unfortunately the size l fits like a s and although my measurements fit the m sizing i went for a l so i could layer if i wanted. since it's very snug i'll have to exchange it, but i'm rather worried i'll have to wait months and months.
chicago.  received men's lt blazer today, no email notification.  zip part fits.  buttoning blazer not possible as way too snug for the size.  quality is quite good, but not wrinkle free.  ordered a black, got a blue.  now what?  try to trade in  for different size and color or stick a fork in it?  may see what baubax says in their next update.  :-/
i got my blazer today in ny and the size was perfect and it seems as good as advertised
we received our 2 jackets both are much smaller than we expected and we sized it right.  one jacket fits my husband firmly but it does fit but mine is so small not tall as we ordered very disappointed for the jackets are well made and the details are fine. i would suggest future sizing to be amended and in the meantime i will try and offload an unwanted ill fitting jacket.
we received 2 bomber jackets today, one of the neck pillows is defective (won't hold air), but other than that, the bomber jackets appear to be very good quality and fit well (we order up a size as was suggested).   we are however missing the blazer, were they to be sent separately?
i finally got my bomber today in nyc. it's an extra small, so the ipad pocket is as big as my entire side. so while it fits well otherwise, i can't really carry my ipad in that pocket. hood, eyemask and the other pockets seem fine. stitching is good. i'm going to post a longer review on the facebook group.
just got my bomber jacket today (ny, usa). overall it fits nicely, though it's a little snug and the sleeves are a bit short. the eye mask doesn't totally cover my eyes and the neck pillow is more complicated than expected. it is heavier and warmer than i would have guessed, but it looks well made. we'll see how it fares on my next trip.
my big complaint is that were taxed on the retail price, not the kickstarter price — the gst is for a product costing $189.00. :-(
my jacket didn't come with a microfiber cloth and the eye mask doesn't actually cover my eyes. i got a size small and it fits just fine, except for the hood/eye mask. is anyone experiencing this problem? i may try to exchange it for a medium and see if that makes any difference..
it's past the april 16th  date and still no tracking information.
i got my red large bomber jacket today which was quite a surprise because i didn't remember seeing an email about it shipping. i'm a female living in wisconsin. it looks really nice. it's a bit snug around the belly but that's a problem i've been working on and by the time i can actually use the jacket it should not be a problem anymore. the button on the inside of the jacket for the hood seems quite loose. i'm going to sew it myself to make it more secure. the inside layer pocket material seems thin and i wish it was a more tougher/thicker material. overall it looks super cute on me so i'm pretty satisfied with the product.
i'm happy to say i recieved a refund from baubax after a few days of back and forth emails. it can be done if you're persistent. particularly those of you who ordered tall sizes just ask them why they lied about making tall sizes.
i am outraged...i got charged $63 dollars for a product that's considerably late, i was expecting to use during the winter times and is now spring. despite being patient, i am disappointed as much as i like the product. the shipping charge is a main factor is backing projects in kickstarter. therefore i am unhappy and is not what i had expected.
i didn't get any emails about shipping, but i got my xl bomber today. the size is more like a large, but i can still use it.
i finally got a shipping notification for 2 jackets (out of 4 ordered) and nine water bottles. what the hell?
i received my jacket in the mail today and the medium felt almost too small (body fit snugly, but the sleeves felt very short. i'm typically a small and sized up to the medium for it to be roomy. is it possible to get it exhanged? i'm going on vacation in a week and would love to take it with, but with the snugness i don't think the pockets will be able to work like they were meant to.
happily sold mine on ebay last week (as quick as possible, because i'm betting that ebay is going to be swamped with them by next month at low prices). just received an email that my blanket is now on the way. if the sizing was anything like the jacket, it will make a lovely handkerchief.
still no shipping confirmation in nyc!!! wtf ?
yes finally after 6 months of ordering my medium blue bomber jacket i finally got it.
just got my 5 jackets ( four for gifts) not a single one fit, even though i sized up.  very disappointed.  i don't feel like being very "respectful or considerate". how do i get my money back?
received my package in nj today, 4/19 (a day earlier than the original estimated date from fedex). even though i'm on the east coast, it came from the nevada warehouse. i found the package on my way out the door to work, so i haven't had time to open and review them. i ordered a bomber, blazer, and sweatshirt. about three weeks ago i wrote an email inquiring about my package. i got the stock response, followed quickly by a personal response saying that my order had been processed, and to wait a week for the tracking number. the number came closer to two weeks later (after another follow up email from me), and was active with an estimated date the next day. i normally wear a small, but a few of the measurements seemed short, so i sized up to medium on the sweatshirt and bomber. still got a small blazer because i like a tighter fitting blazer. be patient, everyone! and be kind in your emails to customer support; it'll go further than a nasty email, trust me :)
i received my initial order, but stupidly ordered a second jacket that has not yet arrived!  when will this second jacket arrive?
still waiting in nyc :( booooooo
never received any type of shipping notice but the jacket arrived yesterday. it looks nice but does not fit. mediums are usually a little too big - never too small. but this medium is too small.  there was no paperwork inside the box. not even a bill of sale. are exchanges even possible?
i have received a shipping notification and my jacket is supposed to be arriving today on the u.s. side of the canadian/american border, where i asked for it to be shipped. (i got reamed by customs charges on a different kickstarter garment manufactured in east asia, so that was the end of asking for delivery here in canada.) i won't be able to pick it up until my next visit to the usa, so i can't currently comment on fit, quality, or whether my order was shipped complete, but i can confirm i did get a notice and have been tracking its arrival via the shipper's website.
i got the jackets yesterday as expected.  they are great!  very modern, fit perfectly, stylish and a lot heavier than i had originally thought.  would definitely buy again. oh and to all the people complaining about paying the duties...honestly if you would have read the pledge page you would have noticed only the jacket was covered in your pledge not the shipping or taxes/duties.  also, this is a kickstarter campaign people, if you really wanted a jacked and needed one four months ago...go to walmart.  be patient, you will get your jackets as others are already getting theirs.
nothing still, waiting in nyc. i guess last update was yet another lie. does anybody know procedures for claim at bbb and other entities?
still nothing from these losers, liars, and thieves from baubax for florida. i see that the chicago tribune article says that all have been shipped out. i'm going to take additional action as i have not heard or seen anything my these liars to date on a campaign i backed last august. the combination of greed, incompetence, and missing ethics made this campaign the worst in kickstarter history. congrats, at least you can tell future investors, or the irs, that when you hit rock bottom and have to go....
i was an original backer with my payment processed in august 2015.  i had ordered some for myself and others as potential gifts.  my surveys were completed eons ago for shipping address confirmation.  i've had zip, zilch, nada notifications as to when my jackets may finally arrive.  i'm not sure why the decision was made to burden the process by adding gloves and blanket.  how about just delivering what has been paid for?
jackets are bigger and heavier than expected
east coast (nh) buyer, 1 jacket. i received mine last friday (4/15), just didn't have a chance to comment until now. i never received a shipping email at all but suddenly discovered the jacket in my box. correct size, and i was a little worried because sometimes jackets run small for my shoulders/chest, but this fit perfectly, actually. jacket seemed to be made of high quality materials. only comment on the item itself is that the gloves were a little weird, the finger fit fine but the bottoms are cut a little short so that it doesn't really go down to your wrist. not a big deal because the gloves are sort of the 'magic glove' style that you can get anywhere and the jacket itself has built in wrist warmers with thumb holes. a little bit short in the torso, but not abnormally so, i just prefer longer jackets. i was surprised at how well it fit and very happy with the quality of the jacket itself. very warm + looks really nice on.
@sean powers you have to write to support@baubax.com expect long wait times for answers
received my 3 jackets last week. the size of the jackets are quite small. both my husband & my son cannot fit. the zip hook of the female jacket just drop off after i try it. very disappointed after an extremely long wait.
selling my baubax jackets away and jumping over to.....
got my hoodie and my bomber jacket love the product- very high quality.  the hoodie fits (just), but the bomber is really a bit small.  it's ladies blue in medium- would like to swap for same in large- anybody in canada or us order one too big??
horribly, horribly dissapointed. all four products (blazers and bombers) were about 2 sizes too small. sizing guide is inaccurate and customer service response times are 2-4 weeks at best. campaigns like these devalue the beauty and quality of kickstarter. i'm terribly dissapointed...and stuck with 4 products i can't even use.
just received my blazer today. i like it, maybe should have gone for an xl though instead of l?  i look forward to wearing it later this fall.
i'm so happy with my hoody, it's been my daily since it arrived! i'm itching for this kick-starter to finish so they can start doing full production runs as i want another one. found the pillow too heavy in the hood and seeing as i don't carry a tablet around, that's gets stowed away in the tablet pocket. no big deal. i'd like to see a replacements store some point soon. pens will get lost and refills needed, as well as gloves and pillows in case they get lost or damaged. going abroad next week and i expect airport security to be less of a hassle with everything tucked away in the jacket :)
@ vincent desjardins good question.  i have send an e-mail complaining of the surprise duty and asked how and how much a return will be.  no response. if anyone has any experience with a canadian return please share.
why did i have to pay an extra $60 after i received the product? this is unacceptable, i need a refund.
has anyone figured out where or if there is a koozie pocket on the women's blazer?
can someone please put a link for how to return the jackets to baubax for not providing the tall sizes? i cant find it anywhere
i just got my bomber jacket today. i was backer number 23,077 and i love it. i live in savannah, georgia and got my tracker number two days ago.  i am 5,5 and 156lbs and ordered a large and the jacket fits perfectly. i love all the pockets and the pen/stylus refills came in my iphone pocket. the fabrics are so soft and the outside of the jacket seems to be water resistant. i took the neck pillow out of the hood and attached it with the bottom button on the neckline through the small elastic hoop. the pen/stylus stays in and i'm not worried about it falling out. i bought the blanket and it is huge, it folds up very small and fits in the blanket pocket very well. i love the hoops to hold the earphones and the eyeglass pocket with the microfiber cloth. i cannot wait to use this jacket when i go to alaska later in the year.
i got a response back from baubax today regarding my questioning the ridiculous duty charges: hello barry, thank you for writing to us. the additional payment on delivery is for the custom duty payable as per the regulations of your country. the import taxes are to be managed by the backers upon arrival of their package at their respective customs office. unfortunately there is nothing that can be done at our end.  thanks, shelley obviously they have no intention of helping anyone with the added duty. my pledge was one of the earliest (backer 3100 something), and this added on almost 35% to the cost!!!
received my bomber jacket today, 4/18/16. well past the original projection date.... however, well worth the wait. this jacket is awesome. fits perfect. very high quality. highly recommend. this will absolutely be my everywhere travel jacket. i love this jacket. thank you. jeff wrede
yes, on march 24 i received the confirmation e-mail. my order arrived to mexico on april 12, and on april 16 my order was on my hands.
for those wondering how to fit the cushion inside the hood: don't. the best is to pull the cushion out and hook the top part of the hood onto the inner hood button, and let it dangle down the back. then wear your jacket/sweater/bomber with the cushion pressed against your back. when you want to use the cushion, just reach backwards (like when you want to scratch your back) and pull it out over your shoulders. to fit it back in, slide the cushion back behind your shoulders, then lift your hood up and give it a couple of shakes so that it can slide flat down behind your back again. i have been doing this for a while now, and it works marvellously :)
mexico anyone? still no news on this side of the world.
my jackets arrived in canada last friday, while the material is great the sizes like everyone else are way too small and i triple measured.  the funny part is the sweatshirt i ordered in a men's large is not too bad, but the xl windbreaker can not be done up at all.  i would love to exchange it for a bigger size, but i am not paying shipping and duty costs all over again. i wish i had held off and waited to hear reviews and then ordered on indiegogo.  then i would have known to order 2 sizes bigger.  i was a late kickstarter so i would not have saved that much money.
anyone in paris/france/europe for an exchange? i gave a black woman windbreaker size m that is too small, looking to exchange for an l but baubax is swamped it seems and slow to answer.
@ yevheniy, some people also add hiral to their emails to the support@baubax email (add him directly, don't cc), and supposedly that speeds up their responses, so at least he's reading the emails when they go to his inbox. i think his email is hiral@baubax.com
the eye mask on the bomber jacket is useless! maybe i have a big head or something, it barely covers my eyes.
no delivery to china yet. no reply form baubax since two weeks. did anyone got a message from them in the last two weeks? in the last update they blame their fulfilment partners, are the mails and kickstarter messages also handled by an external partner?
let me know if you file legal action. still awaiting mine. i contacted kick starter for help, but what a joke. sent me an auto reply asking if i had contacted baubax. will never support another kickstarter project. absolutely a sham.
mike kopack, the answer whether survey was submitted or not can be found via "view your pledge", right? if this is the case, then they have at least my response to the survey.
those still waiting on jackets - 2 things - 1) did you submit your survey for size and color selection and get back the response email back in the sept/october timeframe??? if not then they might not have any idea where to send it and what you wanted. they did say there were over 1000 backers who never submitted the survey. no survey = no shipment. 2) they are still working their way through sending out the orders so be patient for another week or so. they did say they thought they'd be through all of them by end of april...  people are receiving them every day so just sit tight, if you got confirmation of your survey submission last fall the. it should be coming and they just haven't gotten to yours yet.
i ordered 2 bombers and 1 windbreaker. shipping address is san francisco. wrote to support@ many times, recent 3-4 emails were left with no replies. can somebody suggest how i can push on these scoundrels?
sorry guy´s i love the jackets but lost my stylus what´s the way to get another one?
just picked up my hoodie, and got a sweet extra shipping and duty charge of $70 on top of the $25 i already paid! thanks for that! on top of being 5 months late.
omg i love my new hoodie and members only jacket!!!!!!
got my jacket and hoodie, i like them a lot but the duty on those two items was over 93 dollars cad which is just ridiculous.
finally - received an email today that my baubax blazer has been shipped, from hong kong to the uk :) will update when i receive my blazer and if the size is ok
@elixster smith how do you return it?
iemand uit belgië (brugge) met een zwarte bomber die te groot is?
have yet to receive my order! pls update status!!!
hmm, i am concern as it is 04/17/2016 and have not received a notice for any shipment in brooklyn ny. i am also backer number 42,636 so it could be an issue. just looking for one small blazer.
the last update from baubax said all us shipments would go out by by 4/16/16. to date, i have received no shipping notices. if i do not receive my jacket by next sat (4/23/16), i will proceed will legal action. enough is enough.
@tony yhap i found the pen refills on the top outside pocket ok
someone tell me about men's blazer size s.  tall 5.9 ,154ibs.  is it ok? if it's not ok , i wanna change the size anyway because i have not received a tracking number yet.
received my 3xl (no t) bomber black. just as happy (not) as everyone else, but it should fit by fall once i've shed my winter insulation. ;-)  for those still hunting, good luck, and thanks to all the experts for helping us keep the faith.
received a fedex tracker for my order on march 21, 2016 and an apparent delivery confirmation at my residence on march 23, 2016...it is april 17, 2016 and still no package.  reported the issue to baubax customer service specifically stating, "i believe there has been a mistake with your message courier. no signature was requested on delivery.  i am not looking for a refund, i just want my jackets" and received the reply, "thank you for writing to us. we have received your request for refund but are unable to process your request. your order has already been manufactured and your pledge amount has been invested in our production activities. as a startup firm we have limited funds and are not offering refunds at this stage of our project." basically i feel my order has been lost through fedex, baubax has stated tough luck and sweeped my issue under the rug, and the only thing i will probably receive from my $250+ purchase is this email response. horrible experience thus far.
i am not paying 100$ duty . please advise on how to refund items. really a shame that you guys care this little about your first batch of customers especially considering how well we funded your campaign. you owe your success to people like us and this is how you show your appreciation. i haven't accepted the delivery yet, can i just reject it?
philippines anyone? :(
outrageous duty on my canadian delivery.  this product was pretty priceyto begin with, adding $75 duty for two items just adds insult to injury along with the long delay.  the bomber jacket doesn't fit very well, too tight .... returning/exchanging this will just add to the out of control costs already incurred. not impressed
it would be nice to have known that the duties for items manufactured outside of nafta are 4x what they are when manufactured in nafta. great savings for you guys to manufacture overseas, just pass the costs on to the consumer. was not expecting my duties to cost so much and make this cost so much more. i have never had to pay duties on the other kickstarter items i have received from the us, and i don't mind paying gst, but i'm not really impressed about the duties i had to pay for the jackets.
@dondy razon: there is no cap for the neck pillow, it doesn't need one. use your mouth to completely seal the opening and inflate with a couple of breaths. the pressure in the pillow is sufficient to seal it. to deflate simply press gently into the valve opening. it's a simple but clever design.
@tony. i got the pen with no refills. :(
did anyone else not get the pen but pen refills?
received my shipping notification on monday. usps tracking shows that they picked up in atlanta. i live in atlanta and as of saturday still no jackets and no update to the tracking.  is it possible that i'm the unlucky one to have usps also be terminally delaying these jackets?  the shipping facility is 30 minutes from my home.  i would have picked it up personally, if i had known!
anyone else missing who got their jacket missing stuff? mine didn't come with the cap for the neck pillow and i have pen refills without the pen!
i receive my baubax bomber jacket and it cost me another 40.36$cad to get it from the mail man. you or that shipping/packaging company that you use are charging me twice. yes, twice for for the shipping and handling. there is nothing in the packing slip that indicate this is a 200$cad+ jacket, so the guy could have fooled customs however they want... i am telling you this cause i work for the canada post corp. the jacket build and design is of very good quality though... i don't mind the wait, it is quite normal for a successful kickstarter to require much more time than they anticipated. but the extra custom/shipping and handling fees is a disappointment.
just received my jacket in mexico.  i normally wear women's size 6.  bought a large.  it just fits - empty!.  if i fill up the pockets it will be too small.  also there was no diagram of what the different features are or what the different pockets are for.  may have to return for an xl.
got mine in toronto yesterday. great quality, worth the wait. they opted for snail mail, so no tracking and was slow moving to get here. overall great product, terrible customer service
i need to return my item for a different size. will be i refund the 50+ in customs charges? if anyone in vancouver,bc has an xl blazer and wants to trade for a large, message me.
if you haven't received yours yet don't worry, worth the wait 100%
ordered three jackets (bomber for me, blazer and sweatshirt for my wife. all fit amazingly well. probably the most well-tailored off-the-shelf jacket i've ever purchased. features like the built in gloves and pen have proven to be super useful. would definitely recommend.
still haven't received mine. any word at all?? it's been more than a week.
i heard from baubax last night. it may be possible to get a refund on the cad$97 in duty and taxes charged on my shipment of two sweatshirts to canada. they sent details for filing a claim with the fulfillment company. i'll provide an update if i get anywhere. i've also updated the product and service review on my blog thanks to a clarification about the crowdfunding totals from @michael choney: https://bitesizedtravel.ca/2016/04/15/baubax-worlds-best-travel-jacket-sweatshirt-review-kickstarter-indiegogo/
i got mine a couple days ago but it's missing stuff. who do i contact about this?
my fiancé and i both ordered a sweatshirt hoodie. the delays in production were annoying, but understandable.  the delays in shipping were very frustrating as well. i was very worried i had spent all of that money only to wait months and months and finally receive it and hate it. but, luckily... we gt them 2 days ago and they are no joke the best. hoodies. ever. seriously. we love them so much. excellent design and functionality. the more i examine it, the more i believe it is worth all of the effort. thank you, baubax for creating an excellent design and doing your best to meet deadlines. given the astronomical response you received, you did well. only negative critique i have would be to send out more updates. i think backers would have been much less negative had we been kept in the loop more. other than that... very pleased!
received mine! perfect ! very happy
my number is #19972 ,have anybody near by me and give the jacket?
finally got my jacket after australia post messed up and delivered it to my old address instead of redirecting it. i ordered a small and it fits. it's a little bit on the small side, but nothing major. if i'd bought it in a normal store i probably would have sized up, but it's not uncomfortable or bad enough that i'd want to bother with the returns process.
have my jackets shipped out yet?
finally got the shipping notice (dhl) after all this time!  really hope the duties are reasonable (i'm in on, canada) and it fits well: 16x3x24 side-open box collapsible water bottle gloves black s blazer black male xs
got my bomber in nj today. i'm a "portly" fellow and while i wear a size xl north face winter jacket i opted for a xxl as i was worried about a few of the measurements. have to say it fits perfectly! the pillow works great, i can see why some folks might find the sleeve gloves annoying but i like them. the half scoop gloves came in size l and they are actually big enough on my hands to basically wear as full gloves on their own. remembering that these aren't meant to be cold weather outside gloves - rather some to keep your hands warm when riding a bus or plane where your hands might get a bit cold otherwise. had no problem blowing up the neck pillow and making it hold air. took 2 big puffs and it stayed nice and sealed. really like the liner cover on it as well.   haven't opened the blanket yet to check that out. honestly, if the windbreaker coming next week is as good as this bomber i'm going to be very pleased, even if it did take longer than their initial estimate. it's kickstarter, i expected them to be way late gown how much over their initial plan they sold. sorry others have had issues but i'm perfectly happy with mine! planning to wear it tomorrow morning when i travel to lehigh university for first robotics mar district championships.  i'll be riding in another mentors' car at 6am and plan to use the hood shade and pillow to nap in the car on the way there.
so, the pick up slip from canada post was for my blazer. decent material, would have been nice to know before the end of the campaign, and before getting it, that all of them are slim fit. i can manage slightly more than a shrug when i am wearing it...with nothing in the pockets. it is way too tight across the shoulders. no way in hell am i paying for two way postage for this to be exchanged, especially after having to pay import duties(very first ks that i've backed where i had to, and i've ordered items from eu and japan!!!!)
a bomber i pledged $164 cad ( or something close to that) turns out to be around $240 cad( around that) plus i am charged for another $52.65 cad because i slept in today and when it arrived at 7:30 my doorbell was not even rung, making me go to a nearby pharmacy to pick it up, this has to be the best jacket i've ever had
i just got my shipping email as well. i'm due to get it next wednesday and i'll report back then. it's been a real ride reading all your comments all these months. :)
finally got shipping email! goodbye forever baubax and kickstarter!
@brian: it's not kickstarter that adds the charges. it's a combination of the shipping company used, and the declaration(which has been pointed out quite a lot as being filled out incorrectly). it seems like they went with the first one they found, and didn't do any research.
@ michael chorney: kickstarter adds charges for shipping to canada — which usually includes charges to get the product across the border. i received one jacket (two more coming via second package for some reason) and i was charged $35 for the processing the package at the border, $35 for taxes on the product and processing, and then $10 so that canada post can send them back my money to pay for the shipping which i paid for originally. $70 extra to get 1 jacket in central canada? that's ridiculous!
got my shipping email today. i'm excited, but a little confused as to why it lists only 2/4 jackets i ordered, and then ten collapsible water bottles??
just got my jacket. large fits perfect for me as a 42r person. super happy! cod was expected at the post office so no surprise, but was not going to refuse to pay $43 for such an awesome jacket! cheers  mike
also got a shipping email today, boston, ma
finally got a tracking number (us-south carolina), although it's not active yet. i'll be excited to get the jacket, although getting it when the weather is now 85 degrees is a bit disappointing.
received my mens medium black blazer today (usa, nj).  tracking details were emailed when it shipped and everything arrived on time.  my box (undamaged) came with the blazer, medium 1/2 cover gloves (black) and the free water bottle.  the jacket fits perfectly, no complaints on quality or material.  i was wearing a thick sweatshirt when i tried it on and it still wasn't tight or snug to fit.  i'm really pleased with my order and only wish i had this for some trips earlier in the year. i would criticize the neck pillow since i don't know how it "stays" in the hood.  i agree with other comments that it doesn't seem like has a built-in feature, but i will reach out to baubax for further instructions.  being a u.s. backer, i was not charged any additional duties/fees for delivery. while this was delayed, which i had no problem with since this was a very popular campaign, i still believe this was a great kickstarter project to be a part of.  thank you baubax and i am looking forward to using this jacket on my next trip!
just got an email that my order is being shipped. ups. florida here. tracking number at this point is still invalid, but will wait a few days
@barry/@hyowon:  when i lived in canada, i always had to pay a brokerage charge/import duty on any package i had shipped from the us.  why would you expect the baubax jacket to be different?
@barry yeo, contact baubax direct. email at both of these addresses: support@baubax.com and hiral@baubax.com (hiral is the ceo)
@ barry yeo i'm in the same boat as you with that extra charge.  it's absurd.  my bombers turned out great but this unneccessary charge for no reason certainly stings me some. i just fired off an email to their customer support and hope i can get a decent response.  i am happy i finally got them.... but man why the extra charge. i too was with dhl which then got passed off to canada post.
i forgot to mention that the complementary water bottle that should've been added for our wait was not included in the package. i hoping it will be in our next shipment.
we were so happy to get one sweatshirt that was an add on order, but we are still waiting for my original backer order of a windbreaker. i am in sweden. we are anxious to start using the sweatshirt so we can give some feedback. my initial thoughts are that the material seems really good in quality. also, an instructional manual or visual for what the features are would be a great.
i'll need to get an exchange for both jackets that were ordered. also, i never received my water bottles even though they were on the packing slip.
we received our two bombers, blankets, gloves and water bottles 2 days ago.  i am in kelowna, bc and also paid $87 in duties, much to my surprise. the baubax website appears to be having some issues, as i cannot access their contact me section to complain about this. i paid for shipping, so would like a credit or refund. on to the jackets... awesome quality materials, lots of pockets as expected. the neck pillow is kinda silly as it does not attach properly. some attached instructions would have been great, as it has been so long since i ordered, it hard to remember all the stuff this jacket can do. the gloves are a bit cheap, but workable. the blanket is awesome, huge! but folds down very small the water bottle wil be really handy when travelling by air, as it folds to almost nothing. the hand gloves built in are quite tight, makes it hard to get the jacket on and off, this could do with some reworking... all in all, very happy, and the sizing is really good, assuming you ordered correctly.  i am just very unhappy with that extra duty charge. also in my case dhl handed off to canada post and somewhere along the line the $87 got tagged on, without any proper paperwork being attached. is anyone from baubax monitoring this page???
i am in toronto and have received my original order of 2 sweatshirts today. initial impression, good quality but will have to play with it a bit to figure out how well it all works. i also placed a separate order for a bomber at the promotional price in october - does anyone know when that is expected to ship (not in another 9 months i hope)
@krista:  your review has a factual error in it.  the indiegogo reported pledge total includes the kickstarter campaign.  you cannot add the kickstarter/indiegogo totals together.
@jenn, i have the bomber and i noticed that there are two buttons in the hood pocket. the neck pillow has an elastic loop sewn in that you can attach to the button. that said, there's still no good way to keep it still in the hood when deflated.
thank goodness i'm not the only one who realizes the neck pillow can't be attached. it was stuffed in the hood and when i tried on my blazer it smacked me on the head when i was trying out the eye mask. the hood is ridiculously heavy and clunky with the pillow in there. but....here is how to inflate it. unzip that section and grab that circle part and either put your whole mouth over it or jam your lips into it and blow. surprisingly it inflates super quick, even with half a breath. to deflate push down on the center of the hole.
i just got my sweatshirt and bomber jackets in n.y. yesterday. i would have to totally agree to jenns review below.
so in my review i'm going to be frank and honest. i really want to love my jackets. i talked them up big time. i got a bomber and a sweatshirt. i do like them, and i would tell people about them if i think the person can find value in it, but i would be very clear they understand what they are getting and the downfalls. the sweatshirt: i've used it over the last few weeks and it's fine. like i said, i wanted to love it. instead i feel like i'm trying to convince myself i love it. i definitely do like it a lot, though, but the perks that make it special are a bit lackluster. fabric: it's super comfy and very warm. it seems even warmer than the bomber. the pockets: while all the extra pockets are great, i was heavily disappointed to find the main pockets (which is all i end up using 80% of the time) are incredibly small. so much so that i even worry about putting my phone in there with fear of it falling out. actually, i worried anything i put in there will fall out. i do like the other pockets and have found them useful while traveling, but i'd honestly give them most of them up for bigger hand pockets. i'd also never put my sunglasses in the sunglasses pocket. i was hoping there would be some kind of protection. earphone holders: was this feature canceled and i missed the memo? i don't think my jackets have any such feature, which is heavily disappointing as it was one of the ones i was most excited for. extra hand sleeves: they kind of just get in the way. it's nice that it makes my hands feel extra snug, but it makes putting on and taking off the jacket hard (they are tight, like yoga pants, so it isn't a smooth process getting your arms through them). they don't fold in, which i expected. they just kinda scrunch up on your wrists. since they are a different color and fabric than the jacket it actually looks quiet ugly, like you are wearing a shirt under with very long sleeves. it makes the sweatshirts sleeves look shorter, too. "built in" neck pillow: this was a joke. it is in no way built in. it's pretty much an inflatable neck pillow you'd get at the airport folded up and stuffed in a pocket in your hood. it should have been advertised as a neck pillow pocket. it in no way connects to your jacket (that i've figured out.) and i'm not confident it would fit under the hood inflated. i'm not sure because i haven't figured out how to blow it up. there is just a big gaping hole, it almost seems like it's missing an attachment? it doesn't matter much because the first thing i did when i got the jacket was remove it. when in the hood pocket, the hood because heavy and very stiff. i don't think i'd ever store the pillow in the hood. i would like to figure out how to inflate it, though, because then at least i can just use it separate from the jacket. the fabric case they have over the pillow is very soft and seems like nice quality. eye mask: nice. i've definitely used it. it does make the hood kind of clunky when it's not in use, but i can live with it. i do wish there was a way to button it up when you fold it in. pen/stylus: i've found the stylus weirdly useful. to the point where i've found myself missing it when i don't have my jacket. the pen is a little difficult to write with. i am very concerned on how secure it is attached. always checking to see if it is still there. the top half gloves: quality is like that of what you'd find at the dollar store. actually, i've found much i better quality gloves at the dollar store, so.... yeah. i have yet to use them. bomber: it's too tight for me :( so i've only worn it briefly once. it didn't seem as nice quality as the sweatshirt. it's almost as if they forgot to put the final lining on the inside of the jacket in. the fabric is not what i expected. almost like a rain jacket. overall: i'm sitting in the airport wearing my sweatshirt right now and it's very comfy. i do enjoy wearing it and thinking about how it can be best used. last week i went to madrid and i found the pockets super, super helpful. i had all my gear in easy reach. kindle in the big pocket, portable charger, cords, and earphones in the non zippered inside pockets. passport and plane tickets in the upper inner zipped pocket. i also have to take an hour and 30 min shuttle to work a few times a week and the sweatshirt has been super useful with that so far (especially the eye mask). there are parts i'm very disappointed about (see above), but i'm trying to look at the positives of it
has anyone who live in new jersey got jacket ?
has anyone figured out how to use the neck pillows? i got 2 jackets and both neck pillows have a zippered section up front that reveals the plastic air bag and a big hole. however, i can't find a way to a) get air into this hole or b) plug the hole. it almost looks like it's missing an additional attachment? has anyone figured this out? thanks!
it's been almost 8 months since i backed this project and placed my order for two jackets. i am a mongolian living in mongolia. are my jackets among those 350 international orders???
i just got my shipping confirmation (to nyc) - i wonder if it will make it in time for my trip next month.
halifax, ns canada. my two sweatshirts were delivered on tuesday, april 12 with **cad$97** in additional duty and taxes. i've reviewed the product and my experience in great detail if you haven't received yours yet and are curious. https://bitesizedtravel.ca/2016/04/15/baubax-worlds-best-travel-jacket-sweatshirt-review-kickstarter-indiegogo/
nice to see a bc'er getting their rewards.  i ordered 3 jackets and haven't heard anything in prince george, bc.  beginning to think i'm not getting anything.
backer 3,786, had the blazer sent to van, bc and incurred the $57 duty fees due to improper labeling and dhl.  never received a tracking number, which would have been helpful as you can make shipping declarations and to save on the duty.   pros: i don't have a navy blazer.  medium fits my build which is 5'10, 180 lbs.   cons: hood/eye cover and neck pillow pocket aren't functional due to the design.
got mine a few days ago. fits well. impressed with the materials. seems put together well. hoods are a little funky - got a blazer and a sweatshirt. the sweatshirt hoodie is completely useless with the neck pillow in it and the eye mask makes it worse. the blazer is similar but not as bad - much more functional. looks nice, though. it's a neat product, but i can't say i'd recommend it to others or would buy it again. there are a lot of really good jackets for similar pricing. the extra features simply don't add to the jacket or convenience. that being said, they are well done (love the valve on the pillow).
@kat - i asked for a refund before they shipped them out, which would have been easy for everyone. they could have been honest and said: "hey, we didn't make your size anyway, so no problem!". but no... they lied to me outright, and shipped stuff i didn't buy. it's not worth my time. one more second spent on these jackets will only make them cost more money, time and frustration. i'll donate them to the needy if they fail to delight me on their first flight test. or after i wash them once...
@clinton begin, you can get a refund for your non-tall jacket.  they didn't make them and are trying to pass off regular sizes as tall sizes.  we've had a number of people in the group follow the guidelines we laid out for them and have been successfully refunded, including cost to ship back to baubax. i also saved a link, somewhere, on how to collect back duties and taxes paid when you return an item but what folder i bookmarked it in is a mystery right now.  i'll be adding that link to the group sometime in the next few days.  you shouldn't be stuck with a: something that isn't what you asked for and b: something you don't like.
review: i'm not nearly as disappointed as i thought i'd be. but i would still never buy a baubax product again -- and probably never clothing from a kickstarter again. live and learn. i ordered the bomber and the sweatshirt, so those will be what i review. the good: the materials seem okay. the sweatshirt is as good as any. the bomber is questionable. i'm not sure how breathable it will be, time will tell. the look is pretty nice for both, although the silly insulated drink pocket (that will never fit any drink of mine), is padded and puffs out more than the other side of the jacket... whoops, this is supposed to be the good. well, that's it. the bad: the sizes are a little off. i ordered a medium-tall, but i received a medium (see below for why i won't even bother asking for a return). there's nothing to distinguish "tall", and they certainly aren't tall. the good news is that it's good motivation to keep in shape. if i gain an inch, i will not fit the bomber. but more importantly, the cut of the bomber is very boxy and rigid. so if i'm wearing it while in my airplane seat, i will not be able to get it off without elbow-striking the person next to me. it's a very bad design for a travel jacket. the sweatshirt doesn't suffer as much because it's more stretchy and flexible. one of the gloves came with a hole in it, but otherwise might be good as desk gloves for typing on cold winter days. the water bottles i would not trust to drink from... the terrible: the hood absolutely ruins both of these jackets. first, the eye mask is very poorly designed. on the sweatshirt especially, it stops the hood from functioning properly (wtf it's a hood, i know, right? but really). worse, with both items, after moving around a bit, the eye mask inevitably wiggles its way free and falls over your forehead and eyes. definitely do not wear the hood while driving or riding a bike etc. the thing is a hazard. the hoods are only useful for sleeping. at least the bomber hood is removable. second, the "build-in neck pillow" is little more than a generic neck pillow made from rigid plastic folded and stuffed into a ridiculous "pocket" in the bloody hood! when the neck pillow is stored in the hood this way, the hood becomes even less functional. it's the most ridiculous thing ever. it's clear this is where they gave up in the design process. finally, the shipping was ridiculous. i live in canada, and i order from the us all the time. when shipped and labeled properly and sent through the postal service, i never incur problems at the border or duty. but baubax shipped via dhl with apparently no labelling. as soon as i saw that i knew i'd be paying duty upwards of 20% total. ridiculous. this is so because dhl loves to charge $10 duty "handling fees" that you never ask for and have no choice but to pay. all told i ended up paying about $400 cad for these two quirky items. the sweatshirt will get used next week. i'll try the bomber next winter. if i don't like them, i'll donate them. thus ends my days of backing kickstarter clothing ('cept for that belt i'm still waiting for).
@sean powers... they didn't make tall sizes.  we have addressed how to remedy this (and have proven success for those who tried and received refunds) in the review group and the swap group. to everyone else, we've had some interesting developments on the travel jacket front.  it might be worth your while to have a boo at either group, particularly if you are unhappy with your baubax. review group:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ swap group for north america:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
got my bombers yesterday in vancouver, canada after paying $72.05 cad. 1 red, man's large and 1 red, woman's small. it was a relief to find out that both jackets fit. the quality was better than i expected (after reading all the negative comments about the jackets, i guess i had lowered my expectation). having said that, i don't plan to use the included water bottles and gloves. they seem to be poor in quality. the only complaint i have is the annoying eye cover and extended sleeves. i am thinking to cut off the sleeves. they are really annoying when putting on the jackets. i got a tracking email about two weeks ago. however, it was useless. it was only updated once or twice in two week period. the package was delivered by dhl in the usa and then transferred to canada post.
just received my order of 2 bomber jackets and 2 sweaters here in vancouver, canada. they fit perfectly. this was meant as a christmas present for my gf... who in the meantime became my wife. i told her to be patient as most projects i ended up backing on kickstarter usually deliver late anyways, so i was sort of expecting it nonetheless, we are both very... very satisfied with the products... i will even go as far as saying we love them so far :d the quality is superb. both are very soft and warm to wear (i tend to be very picky on the materials i like) and i am considering ordering more products as gifts for other family members for next christmas. what was missing, it seems, is the blanket. i thought i ordered one several weeks after i ordered the jackets when i clicked on the following link that was provided in one of the early updates, which promised discounted prices for kickstarter backers (no longer working): https://shop.trycelery.com/page/baubax i failed to keep the receipt, however, so all i can hope for is that it will arrive later at some point.
i don't know if this will make people happy or otherwise but i just received a tracking number for my post campaign order of 3 jackets. i ordered these immediately after the kickstarter campaign ended.
@ charles: the zipper issue is an american thing. the jackets i've purchased from a range of suppliers (european brands and some asian produced) usually have the slide of the zip on the left hand side when wearing the jacket. once the slide has engaged the other side of the zip, it really doesn't matter. fwiw; the only jacket i have with the zip slide on the right hand side is a cycling rain jacket, and it's a european brand.
@mella bella; you couldn't have ordered this for a trip last august. the campaign didn't end until september when the funds were collected by kickstarter. your backer survey wasn't sent until october and the earliest projected delivery was november (sadly, extremely optimistic).
still nothing on my jacket. i see one person from ohio got theirs, so i'm still holding out hope.
my baubax bomber jacket (size m) arrived yesterday. it fits as expected according to the sizing chart. what a relief! i live near vancouver, b.c., canada and had to pay cad $51.92 in duties/taxes. i'm backer #41,946. i also did not receive an email notification with a tracking number.
i ordered a medium windbreaker based on the sizing chart.  my co worker is 98 pounds and not a bust 36 and it barely fits her. -__- did i read the sizing chart wrong? did i order a child medium?
@owen - sounds about right. wishing you luck that all fits well. soon you can listen to your new jacket with your new soundtrack.
backer #2,048. no word, no product.
so, my blazer *may* be in town. there is a pick-up slip here at home for me, and i will need to see if tomorrow when i go to the post office it is the blazer or not. it does have charges on it($51.12 cdn)
still nothing here in alabama. not even a tracking number
received my sweatshirt and bomber today. like everyone else they are fitting snug. also ordered lt for both, both say l and aren't measuring out to the lengths listed for lt. the mask on the sweatshirt is absolute garbage. no way to wear hood without the mask down. mask is sewn too short so if you try and tuck it up its uncomfortable and awkward looking and puts a strange fold in the hood. also the hood material is too heavy so it naturally wants to unfold on its own. no possible way to wear hood unless mask is out and you are sleeping/resting. will be asking for refund or replacements. sad it took so long to get here....
....and like everyone, jacket is a little snug. not horrible,  but the sizing was definitely off.
are they all women's jackets as far as the zipper being on the wrong side,  or did i get an incorrect order?
backer #45175.  got a tracking number on tuesday and got it today.  finally got the jacket!! i think i ordered the t size (the size between l and xl) but got the l size.  fits kinda tight but still wearable.  haven't tested out all the features but i do like the built in hand gloves, pen, stylus and the eye mask so far.
backer 40,640; bomber and sweatshirt arrived today.  got email notification on tuesday, so it shipped fast once it was my turn.  both seem to be well constructed, and i'm pleased with the quality of both, but i didn't get too far into the details, as the first thing i did was to try them on.  both items were men's xl but unfortunately, sweatshirt is snug and bomber is too small.  went off their sizing guide but should have known to go a size or two bigger. now to see what i need to do to get them exchanged....
love the jackets - quality and features are great - but have one problem: they are too small for me and my wife. i always wear xl, and ordered one for my wife because of her ....assets, but they are both too tight across the chest. hopefully the email that i received 10 days ago about a return will result in a fairly quick reply and return.
received shipping info on monday and the jacket today. ohio backer! the jacket is a little small but in keeping it rather than go through the likely length exchange process. ordered a women's m. 5'1", 140lbs. i wear a m in gap. the jacket doesn't appear cheap and the neck pillow is awesome! the gloves are super cheap, but all in all, i'm satisfied.
backer 25,308 no information yet. purchased jacket for august trip. nothing. going on another trip is in 8 days. nothing. just fantastic. definitely my last kickstarter pledge. �
just in time for summer! (ugh) i'm not real happy with my purchase / support. the jacket is tiny - i ordered xxl and it is snug. i don't know what a "side-open box" is as stated on my packing slip, but i didn't get one. box was opened.
@amy m. chan thanks. yes, i was intending on taking the jacket off, i'm just so used to having to remove everything from my bag to put it in a separate bin. i'm hoping they don't pull me to the side asking "why is this all in your jacket?" on another note, i had no problem sticking a can of coke in my drink pocket. it was snug, sure but it slipped right in there. not sure how everyone is having a problem with this.
just got my bomber jacket in massachusetts today.  size large.   i'm 5'9" and about 185 pounds for reference.   the jacket fits but don't think i could wear much under it.  typically don't when i fly anyway. as for the features.  i like the glasses pocket with cloth.  pen/stylus is cool. you need to pull a tiny piece of plastic off the tip to get it to write.   head pillow is clever for inflation and deflation however no way it can stay in the hood full time.  i'll probably stuff it in ipad pocket.   the eyeshades in the hood work fine, i can see them helping on those long flights where sleep is needed.   drink pocket mostly useless. no way a can fits in there.  built in gloves are exactly as expected.  the cover gloves they sent are really cheap cotton and going in the trash. what a waste for those to cause shipping delays.  same on the water bottle.  they should not have bothered and focused on getting out the jackets. i'm going to keep it rather than try and size up.  i'm sure that process will be a nightmare i don't need. good luck to everyone!
@gina genese - i think you're just supposed to take off the jacket and put it in the tsa box (i worked at the airport check-in before)... if you're wearing a jacket, tsa will ask you to take it off anyways. if you just have a phone and ipad in the jacket, it should be fine to just leave it in the pockets put the entire jacket into the scanners without taking everything out...
has anyone actually gone through airport security with your tech in the jacket yet? i'm flying tomorrow and i'm worried that the jacket isn't going to be as security friendly as they claim. i'd hate to be the person holding up the line while i take everything out of my now useless jacket.
from toronto - 5 jackets still nothing yet.
got my tracking number today! not active yet, but it's a start. nj backer here, and i had ordered 3 different styles (sweatshirt, bomber, blazer), so i anticipated being a later recipient if they followed the pattern of simple orders first. about two weeks ago, i emailed them inquiring about my order status, got the automated response, then a personalized response saying my order had been processed and to wait a week for tracking number. well it was closer to two weeks, but i got it. i sized up on the sweatshirt and bomber, so i'm hoping they fit well. to reiterate backer rolts comments, you didn't buy a jacket from a store. you funded a startup company and were offered a reward for doing so. production/shipping delays, material changes, etc. are to be expected. communication could have been better, but you knew what you were getting into. as a customer service rep myself, a friendly email goes a lot further than a harsh one.
backer 866. received my shipping confirmation for my blazer yesterday, to be delivered on saturday. i'll report back on fit and finish when it arrives.
so, for those keeping track at home, and those that may remember me mentioning i ordered an item that was an import from japan, and the race between that item and my blazer was on....the blazer lost. i have in my hand, right now, at work, the soundtrack i ordered.
my girlfriend and i just got our jackets last night, and we are very happy.  she's a bit tomboy and ordered a small mens sweatshirt; and i'm more femme and ordered a medium ladies sweatshirt, both in black. we really love them!  they fit great on both of us.  i wore mine to work today to show off to my tech company guys, and they totally nerded out on all the cool features. this is a great sweatshirt to throw on to wear to the office, and i just booked flights to nyc... maybe a little inspired by our new travel jackets. :) worth the wait.
has anyone had any luck getting a proper fitting jacket without having to pay two way shipping and customs again?
my husband's bomber jacket arrived in the post yesterday. he really likes it, but it doesn't fit him very well. at 6' tall and 175lbs- with an athletic, muscled build- he usually wears a size medium in outerwear jackets and has always had plenty of room to move. the cut of this bomber, though, is so narrow across the shoulders it restricts his movement a great deal and it is so short in the torso that my husband's abdomen is exposed when he lifts his arms over his head. additionally, the sleeves are so short that if the glove portion weren't there my husband's wrists (up to his mid-forearm) are exposed while wearing this jacket. moreover, there is no way the glove portion can be pushed into the sleeve (as demonstrated in the promo video) without making the rest of the sleeve bulky, restrictive, and uncomfortable. my husband's feeling is that maybe this jacket is meant for thin, wiry guys rather than guys built like him- which is really disappointing since we've been waiting for so long for this jacket to arrive. i was really hard for me to see the disappointment on his face when he was trying his jacket on. it is always so hard to find "the perfect gift" for him and when you have such high expectations for something it is difficult to be so let down. all of the other features of this jacket are wonderful and really useful. hopefully the replacement large size bomber we are exchanging this medium for will fit him better and he will finally have an amazing jacket. i don't know, though...maybe we should try to get an extra large. at this point i have no idea. my strongest suggestion to baubax is to create a measurement guide for ordering. this guide should include the chest dimensions, torso length, sleeve length, (with and without the glove portion) and shoulder length of the various sizes and styles of jackets they offer. that way future customers can have a better way of gauging the right size for them.
i am highly disappointed with these jackets. i got the sweatshirt in a l, and it's too tight. it doesn't zip up over my breasts, and the arms are too long to even use the gloves.  i also got a large blazer, it is constructed poorly to where i cannot even move my arms and i'm not even interested enough in reviewing it further. i demand a refund. i'll gladly ship mine to whomever is still waiting on theirs so that i no longer have this box of crap sitting in my office.
oh and i am backer # 42,083 of 44,949 total... better late than never i guess.
forgot to mention, we both got the bomber.
got my (2) jackets just now. one for me and one for my bf. no tracking number but did come by fedex (forest hills, ny). i ordered a women's lt and men's lt... both ones that i received says "l"... did anyone get one that says lt? thoughts on the item: l was a little snug on me -- i was wearing a sweater so that might be the reason but the men's l felt better and looser on my shoulders and chest. i like the jacket material... it seems durable to water and seems warm too. my favorite piece on the jacket is thumb hole/long sleeve part. the material is soft and it is long enough to cover just enough of my hand. pockets - love the large pockets. hoodie - i agree with a comment below that i was expecting more from this but it is not bad though. it looks weird when the eye piece is down but does it's job. bf thought the neck pillow was "genius!" because of the way it blows up and gets put away. very efficient and works well - only thing we expected was the pillow to be put somewhere around the neck coming out of the inside of the jacket or something. it seems like a separate piece from the jacket itself and tucked inside the hood's "pocket".
got my jacket about a week ago. love it. good quality and love all the pockets! didn't get any tracking number whatsoever. just got a notice from the post office to say a package is here.
i received a jacket and tried it on. i like the quality except it's a bit heavy. i got the bomber and expected it to be a little lighter than how they are. if you expect to wear it while you travel somewhere where you want to pack light, this will weigh you down.
after a week with no response about the missing and faulty items in my order i emailed their support again this morning only to receive an auto response about how busy they are and to wait a couple weeks. at this point i feel like the best thing to do is declare fraud with my credit card company and get back whatever money i can. the one sweatshirt i did receive for great and i'm happy with, however i'm not happy with this shit company and their lack of respect for backers.
i received my jacket yesterday.   the construction and look are excellent and exactly what i was hoping for.
do not buy any jackets from them! looks like a good idea, until you realize you will never be getting your product. i have been following up with them for 8 months now, trying to figure out when my jacket will be delivered. all i get is a 'soon'. and when i press for an answer when exactly is soon, the answer i get is "soon is soon". what kind of customer service is that?? not only are they not being apologetic for their poor performance, they are even giving me attitude. are you sure you want to purchase from a company like this that can't fulfill its promises and treats its customer poorly? i would look elsewhere for a jacket with multiple pockets.
also in hawaii, i got my bombers x4, just in time for summer, lol.  they are nice, and should be good for traveling to cooler climates. thanks.
@larry, you are a hero for your persistence. bastards indeed for wasting your time and for the worst customer service you could ever imagine.
backer 34435.  received bomber today in hawaii.
backer 4936 here. keep seeing comments of other later backers who have ordered the same thing as me and are geographically similar to me as well as thousands? of indiegogo backers who have all received their jackets. where the heck is mine? what happened to shipping the jackets to kickstarter backers first? i am patient but the product is clearly ready, i just got 'skipped' which is really upsetting. i emailed baubax directly and did not get a response -- your order is currently pending.... okay �. beyond annoying.
what's the deal with order tracking? is there at least a notification that the delivery has been shipped?
btw.. seems like a lot of newb kickstarter backers on this project too.. this timeline has been one of the faster ones for me. i've funded over a dozen various projects including the infamous agent smartwatch has basically become a soap opera and now is 3+ years over due on deadlines... and wore my bomber jacket today and must say w/the hood off it looks excellent and fits me perfectly. i have issues finding men's small that is small enough and the xs is perfect!
anybody from florida received their jackets yet??
received jacket today, i ordered the black bomber (l).  the whole thing has a nice look and a good fit, if you have a small head the eye mask may fall down over your eyes.  the gloves don't tuck into the sleeves as easily as the promo vid made it look and they are sewn fully around the inside of the sleeve.  the neck pillow will function similar to the promo vid if its pulled down over the button that retains it into the back head portion of the hood.  the valve on the neck pillow is somewhat clever, its simply held shut by the air inside it, so there are no real moving parts to worry about breakage.  it inflates in nearly one breath and needs some coaxing to go flat after you deflate it.  the stylus/pen is simply held in the zipper pull by locking into it, seems like a very good lock and that it won't have problems falling out. check all your pockets as the phone pocket should include 3 ink pen refills for the stylus/pen.  stitching looks very solid and it is constructed of a sort of wind breaker fabric, has a very clean and sophisticated look to it.  the 7 inch tablet pocket seems pretty roomy and secure (opens from inside of the jacket).  the phone pocket doesn't seem to have the inner openings for headphones or routing a charging cord from a usb battery like the promo vid seemed to insinuate. beverage pocket doesn't look like a full size soda can would fit in it but it is insulated a bit. passport pocket (opens on the inside) is secure and is big enough to double as the phone pocket (fits my phone approx. 4.5 x 2.5  inches).  box also included the water bottle (construction seems pretty nice) and a pair of (children's size?) gloves. overall very happy with the jacket.
anyone having problems with the neck pillow? for some reason, the pillow won't stay inflated.
got my grey sweater in virginia. looks and fits amazing!
backer #41,091 here, i just received shipping notice from baubax. will keep everyone updated when i receive. a thing that i want everyone to pay attention is that there are 44,949 backers, and 11,034 comments. most of the comments are from people who say negative stuff. as long as they satisfy 75% of their customers, they should get more business. as a buyer, the cs support is definitely a hassle, but they are going to improve their logistics as they expand (hopefully). looking forward to examining the quality of my 5 jackets.
part 1 of 2: well.... i had posted several days ago that i might have some news concerning my on-going battle with baubax. the news is surprisingly good. just minutes ago i received notification from my paypal account that baubax had finally after a very long, tedious process issued a refund for my purchase including $30 reimbursement for my return shipping. i quite frankly never thought this would be resolved. if everyone will bear with me i will try to detail the communications and protracted delays and frustrations that i experienced with this debacle. like many, many of you, i have tried multiple avenues in an attempt to garner any substantive contact and fruition to my demands for restitution. including, but not limited to, comments on the ks pages, written communications to bbb and my state, sc, consumer affairs and lastly multiple emails to baubax direct. additionally, i had previously disputed the charges with ax and was subsequently denied due to ks responding with their tos agreement and that they, ks, assumed no financial responsibility. i then proceeded with the following sequence. this is a post i made to mark harris, a freelance writer, on 03/09: "please, if possible take a few moments and review the baubax project. this is a fiasco of the highest magnitude. regardless of the reputation of baubax, if they ever had one, i believe kickstarter is not recognizing the enormity of this fraudulent project and the long-term damage it will do to kickstarter. my previous comments on the project page:  "as i have expressed previously i cannot even remotely say the same for baubax. if you don't consider what baubax has perpetrated on their backers over the last 6 months as the genuine fraud i don't know how you define fraud.i recognize it may not meet the legal definition. however, it is without a doubt moral fraud.  they have lied, obfuscated, and failed to provide sufficient, adequate updates or respond to communications and based on many, many comments are providing an inferior, damaged, or incomplete product. not to mention the numerous posts concerning fraudulent customs valuations.  that's how i define fraud.  numerous commentators keep suggesting to get in touch with baubax. i have sent them emails and posted on their kickstarter page multiple times over a 8 week period with not one reply. i have requested a refund with no response. completely unacceptable. btw, as of today, 03/09/16, i have still not received any shipping details or my jackets.  equally disappointing to me is the responses i have received from kickstarter. i was aware of kickstarter's tos, however, when a project of this magnitude ($11 million) has been such a disaster i would have hoped that kickstarter would have exercised a greater amount of responsibility and shown a modicum of professionalism to the backers.  this will be the last project i back on kickstarter.  regards, larry grimm" the following is my first email to baubax directly on 03/22, including a direct email to hiral sanghavi, hiral@baubax.com as the ceo. "please, this is the next in line of many requests for a response and processing of a refund. i have no desire to receive your product and request that you initiate a refund to my credit card asap. please give me the courtesy and you demonstrate the professionalism by fulfilling my request. regards, larry grimm 803-233-xxxx backer 25376" baubax response: "on 03/22/16 11:43 am, baubax wrote: > ##- please type your reply above this line -## > hello, > thank you for writing to baubax. your request (17583) has been received and is being reviewed by our support staff. we are currently experiencing high email volume, but rest assure our team is working hard to get back to you as soon as possible. > if you are writing to us for exchange of size of the jacket received, we will get back to you with the next steps within a couple of weeks. please do not use the products and keep them stored in the shipping box. please make sure the hang-tag on the jacket is not removed and the items are placed in the original polybag, otherwise we will not be able to exchange the items.​ > if you have package delivery related issues, please contact the carrier directly to update your contact information and reschedule your package delivery. > our support team will respond to your email as soon as possible. to add additional comments, reply to this email. > wishing you a great day ahead! > team baubax" my response: "attention: hiral sanghavi my demand for a full and immediate refund are due to the following: baubax is and has been perpetuating a fraud on me as a purchaser of your products. this fraud is due to baubax selling products to third party retailers while claiming that you have no product to ship to me. additionally, baubax has obfuscated, lied, and failed to provide adequate updates about the status of the product's development, distribution schedules and stated quality. also, baubax has failed to provide effective and timely responses to my correspondence over a period of many weeks. this places baubax in violation of south carolina department of consumer affairs. issuance of a full and prompt refund will ensure that additional actions will not need to be initiated. larry grimm backer #25376" follow-up from baubax: "on 03/22/16 4:09 pm, agent 004 (baubax) wrote: > ##- please type your reply above this line -## > your request (17583) has been updated. to add additional comments, reply to this email.	 > agent 004 (baubax) > mar 22, 13:09 > hi larry, > thank you for writing to us. we have received your request for refund but are unable to process the same. your order has already been manufactured and it will be dispatched from our warehouse in a couple of days. > our team is excited to ship your jackets to you and we request you to please continue your support to baubax. > thanks > ~anne" numerous additional emails submitted by me as a follow-up to the above request over a period of several days. i then received this email: "agent 002 (baubax) mar 25, 08:20 hi larry, thank you for the follow-ups. hiral has instructed the operations team to ship your order at the earliest. we will soon provide tracking information for your package once the order has been dispatched from our warehouse. best, melissa" my response: "hiral, that's wonderful. not. i am requesting that i receive a full refund of my pledge. other options are not satisfactory. larry grimm" i then received tracking information reflecting an expedited fedex shipment delivered 3 days later. amazing, huh? my next response to baubax on 03/29: hiral, backer 25376 demand for an expedited exchange or a full refund. just received out jackets in south carolina. as i expected from all the posts that both my wife's and my jacket are too small. dammit! i ordered an xl. baubax stated the following measurements for an xl: men’s sizing chart – sweatshirt, windbreaker, bomber: size    xl chest   45-47 sleeve length 34.5-35.5 neck  17-17.5 i am 5'11", 200lbs, 44" chest, 35" sleeve, neck 17". this jacket is so snug that it is marginally uncomfortable and if i were to place any of the many items that were supposed to be stored in the jacket it would be bursting at the seems and extremely uncomfortable. very form-fitting would be an apt description. i have ski jackets that are not this snug. my wife's medium is similarly tight even though she is an 8-10 and wears garments in either small or medium. what a joke. larry grimm"
part 2 of 2: response from baubax: "on 03/30/16 10:42 am, agent 002 (baubax) wrote: > ##- please type your reply above this line -##> > your request (19536) has been updated. to add additional comments, reply to this email > agent 002 (baubax)> > mar 30, 07:42 > hi larry,> > we regret that the jackets did not fit you well. please send the items to the following address:> > baubax llc > 15600 redmond way, suite 302 > redmond, wa 98052> > we will process a refund for your purchase and an additional $30 for shipping the items to us. please provide your paypal id for processing refund.> > thanks, > melissa" the following series of email exchanges occurred over the next 10 days: (read emails from bottom to top) "it has been 7 days since you received my shipment and i still have not received my refund. this needs to be resolved immediately. the link to my paypal account is: https://paypal.me all you have to do is go to the linked website. email  id:  on 04/08/16 5:15 pm, agent 002 (baubax) wrote: > ##- please type your reply above this line -## > your request (19536) has been updated. to add additional comments, reply to this email. > agent 002 	 > agent 002 (baubax) > apr 8, 14:15 > hi larry, > sorry for following up again. we will need the email id to process the refund. > best > melissa > apr 6, 17:38 > my paypal id was enclosed in the previous emails that are part of this email chain. i am providing it, again, here: > https://paypal.me > regards, > larry grimm > agent 002 	 > agent 002 (baubax)> > apr 6, 14:55 > hi larry, > we will process your refund this week. please provide the email id that you have used for your paypal account. > best, > melissa > apr 6, 10:46 > i am still awaiting a confirmation that you have received, processed, and are issuing a credit to my paypal for a full refund as baubax authorized below. please respond. > larry > apr 4, 11:17 > my order (25376) has been delivered back to baubax. > tracking number: 94078036993000247xxxx > on time > expected delivery day: monday, april 4, 2016 > signed for by: a lelas // redmond, wa 98052 // 10:45 am > tracking # > https://tools.usps.com/go/trackconfirmaction.action… > please process the return and issue a credit to my account > (https://paypal.me) asap. > regards, > larry grimm" final email exchange: "your request (19536) has been updated. to add additional comments, reply to this email. agent 003 	 agent 003 (baubax) apr 13, 15:27 good afternoon larry, please find the attached refund confirmation. thank you and all the best. team baubax attachment(s) screen shot 2016-04-13 at 2.00.44 pm.pn apr 12, 18:53 you have made multiple requests for my paypal information which i have now provided 6 times. there is no justification for this refund process not to be completed immediately. it has been 7 days since you received my shipment and i still have not received my refund. this needs to be resolved immediately. lmg so the end of a very long saga. i apologize, again, for the lengthiness of this post. i felt it was imperative that everyone have complete knowledge of this process. i can only hope that it will provide some small margin of help for those attempting to resolve their issues with these bastards. any questions? please comment. good luck, one and all.
hey baubax, florida is part of the world still, but you cockroaches must be scurrying under the floorboards looking that the last bits of your money, business acumen, and morality. interesting example for future business schools to examine how high expectations followed immediately by sustained poor communication equaled an end to kickstarter project. you ingrates should be shipping them out post haste from your retail locations of the same size that i have. you suck and i will never back another kickstarter project cause of you! worst kickstater campaign ever!
just received my bomber. here in ohio. fits great. only complaint is that i never had a zipper on this side before. will take some getting use to. one question though, what are all the little hooks around the neck area for?
$240 of nothing* not $160
so - your warehouse but the wrong information on the value of what i bought. i bought a jacket and a sweater which came with separate gloves and water bottle each... however you chinese warehouse put the wrong values for the wrong items - meaning that on the paper it stated that there were 4 times worth $80 and 2 worth $40, rather than 2 worth $80 (the jackets) and 4 worth $40... this meant that i had to pay taxes on $160 of nothing... i payed vat on $240 worth of stuff that didn't exist because your warehouse was incompetent enough to put the right labeling... great stuff baubax - you are ruining kickstarter for me.
baubax do everything they can to sell, sell, sell, the original backers are just an inconvenience, if in doubt deny or blame anyone and everyone else or ignore. above all obfuscate in updates so backers are left not knowing if they've been screwed and have nowhere to turn. baubax has treated its backers appallingly from first to last and mr sanghavi presides over a moral vacuum. i hope he's happy with all his new money.
@bruce a lot of kickstarters actually cover the duties or get shipping partners in the destination countries which i think actually takes care of the duty fees. i haven't paid duty on a single kickstarter to date. that said, i am not looking forward to paying on this one. it's just a kick in the nuts while i am already down, imo. i did get a shipping notice with a tracking number today, however. to canada.
i can't find anywhere on the box where it lists the value of the goods inside, any tips from anyone of where i can find how the post knew how much to charge for customs and duty?
re: import/customs fees and duties - while it would have been nice if baubax - and all other ks projects - would have informed potential backers that shipments to countries outside the u.s. would involve the payment of customs duties, i think it is logical to assume that people would already know that if they buy something from a foreign country, there is a good likelihood that they will have to pay some customs duties. that should not comer as a surprise. of course, baubax did not mention it because they knew it would scare off many of its potential backers. as i noted below, the major problem was the mislabeling of packages by the shippers resulted in incorrectly high fees because the contents values were not correctly listed.
@ jeremy - shipping - from $10 usd to $20+ usd depending on the number of jackets in the order - was added to your order. customs and import fees and duties were not included. that is because they varied too widely for any business to calculate accurately what those costs would be. the problem was that the shipper mislabeled the contents and value of many of the packages. baubax has acknowledged the errors, but it was probably too late to correct it on most shipments. some people took their order responses ("invoices") with them when they picked up the jackets and a few were able to get the fees adjusted.
so package is seized by law enforcement, and baubax says its ohh well not their problem.... tired of the bs already.
@ paulo taylor - re invoice the only "invoice" you will get you should already have. look back through your e-mails from late september into october where you got a response to your order confirmation. it will specify what you ordered and its costs. note: the e-mail will not necessarily say baubax. look for e-mails from kickstarter. that's where mine was from.
what is the best way to get an invoice from baubax? they don't seem to reply to my messages...
i just got charge $98 in duty when the shipping was supposed to be included - how do i go about getting my money reimbursed for the duty?
is there anyway i can just not have you send mine? i don't want it anymore and just want my money back. i purchased it for a trip that i went on a couple months ago. please?
(toronto) ordered a medium tall, received a medium. and this is after paying an extra 53$ in duty and taxes on a 140$ pledge.
well, here's something new.  an indiegogo backer in germany received his jacket without duties and taxes.  it shipped to him from france.  so, that indicates there is now a fulfillment centre in europe (probably for european retail sales).  i wonder how the over 3,000 european kickstarter backers feel about seeding this company for the privilege of early delivery (ha!) and having to pay exorbitant duties and taxes.
@vuchel without reading the specific articles, i would guess because yours shipped from hong kong and duty articles are most likely about inter-eu trading.
general information for al: mailing address: baubax llc 15600 redmond way, suite 302 redmond, wa 98052
just got my bomber jacket with all the extras  turned out better than i expected, amazing design and quality and fits perfect
can someone explain me why those jackets are goods that do not meet the conditions of articles 9 and 10 of the treaty establishing the european economic community? because that is the reason that i have to pay 132,97€ surplus to get them.
did anyone get theirs in los angeles area?
i finally received my bomber jacket size xxl tracking email on monday 4/12/16 with no delivery date. i got the actual "estimated" delivery date late tuesday night. will update with fitting and manufacturing details.
no notice of shipment but received our two sweatshirts yesterday.
anyone in the sf bay area interested to trade their women's xs windbreaker for a women's xs blazer (black)?  willing to do an even trade even though the blazer cost more. the blazer fits my 5'4" slim asian wife perfectly, and looks nice an professionl imo, but she says she doesn't really travel with formal attire anymore. wumobile (at) gmail
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/… join this group if you didn't do so !
http://www.ebay.com/itm/baubax-bomber-mens-l-worlds-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-zipper-/222084604861…
received shipping notice email with tracking details.  ups surepost and already scanned in atlanta, ga.  scheduled to arrive here in new jersey by next friday.  looking forward to getting my reward and will update once it gets here.
got my jacket finally!! though i'm not pleased with the taxes paid (toronto ontario - $56.91 duties, $52.60 taxes and $10 fees), my wife and i had a great time exploring all of the exciting features of the jacket.
should mention i recieved no notice of shipment...
recieved the notice from canada post in my mail box today in halifax, ns canada.....asking 96 dollars in customs fees for two sweaters..... :|
just received my men's bomber (size l) in toronto.  never got a shipping email or anything, just randomly found a canada post notice card in my mailbox.  even though i only backed the bomber jacket at $149 usd, the amount listed on the package was $200 usd, so i ended up paying $43.42 in taxes plus the $10 canada post handling fee for a total of $53.42.  thanks for that... so the terrible shipping ordeal aside, my thoughts on the jacket. i'm glad i took the gamble and went one size up, the medium size would have not fit or barely fit with just a t-shirt underneath.  the large i could probably wear a dress shirt and sweater combo and still fit.  the neck pillow i took out immediately.  the thing weighs down the hood making it super awkward to wear around, also surprisingly adds a decent amount of bulk.  i'll put it in my bag when traveling.  works decently enough. ipad pocket works fine for my asus tab since it's smaller than an ipad and i got the size up in the jacket, or as everyone else says, it would not fit well zipped up.  the quality of the jacket is pretty decent, but even though the campaign said the bomber was fleece lined, it's not.  well not fully.  only the arms are fleeced lined, the rest of the jacket is not. if i had paid $149 usd+ taxes and that was it, i would have been happy, but since i had to pay extra duty, due to whichever moron was filling out these shipping forms, i give this jacket a 6/10 for value for $ spent. i give baubax a solid 3/10 for how they handled this entire fiasco, and won't be buying anything further from them.  i learned my lesson.
bomber in black, xs received in minnneapolis, mn today. :)  gotta say that my bomber jacket fits perfectly and build quality is top notch from what i've examined.  weather should be just right to wear tomorrow and thur! :) when it's all said and done, i'm still very happy w/my jacket and this project.  i've funded a ton of kickstarters and this is probably the best quality reward i've yet to receive minus the fenix readset solar charger that was top notch too.
@kyle yeah mine was one blazer and one bomber, $80 duties
@kyle beckmann yeah bro i just picked mine up, 73$cad duty fees. no blankets for me either, waiting on a second shipping email for those i believe. to be honest i don't want the blankets if i'm going to have to pay 2x their value on arrival lol
anyone from canada or elsewhere outside the states and getting insane duty fees? my jackets came and i have to pay $110 cad to pick them up. and the package doesn't even include the blankets i ordered.
indonesia here. got my jacket 2 weeks ago. very nice build. everything works and it fits me nicely. can't wait to use it for my next trip!
trying to get a hold of baubax support is an exercise in frustration. they only shipped part of my order, completely missing the blanket (the extra $25 they recommended). every time i send them a request they take over 2 weeks to reply. the last two replies it is clear that they do not read the messages at all, or have a horrible comprehension of english. 6 weeks and no resolution of a basic simple problem. kickstarter backers are supposed to end up being the early-adopter customers which influence other people to buy your product. at this rate i don't think any of us can honestly support baubax.
just received the bomber jacket size l, it doesn't fit me well. anybody in the us interested in buying it? avieram2012 (at) gmail (dot) com
i am in fl and have been relentlessly following up with baubax on my shipment status for the jacket which was promised for last november but still no definite date provided. it appears they have serious holes in their supply chain. how can you contract with vendors that are unable to deliver or did baubax failed to do their part? perhaps one needs to reach out to the two factories they list and hear their side too? china vendors are not this untimely unless shipments were put on hold due to payments or something else. very poorly managed business.
@ jimmy niravathu: the smaller the person, the more obvious the ipad will be in the pocket. it is flat and doesn't curve, so it will be obvious.  if it had been for an iphone, there were reports they could be bent into a curve.  http://www.theverge.com/2014/11/7/7173451/my-name-is-dan-and-i-had-a-bent-iphone
away, not awake (wth?)
well, finally got an update on my shipping, the package is supposed to arrive in 3-5 business which will be right when i am out of the country on vacation. been waiting for 7 months and now it is arriving the 1 week i will be awake. great timing baubax. no one has yet answered my question of what happens if the package is returned to baubax because they were unable to deliver?
got the invoice last thursday 4/8 and just got my jacket today 4/12 for the 1 bomber jacket i ordered. it's a little heavier than i expected. the gloves are ridiculous on their own but when paired with the half gloves in the sleeves they are fine. the pocket for the pillow in the hood isn't great but the pillow itself is fine the ipad pocket is a joke. when i try and zip it up it sits against my hip and juts out making the jacket look all lumpy. it's also a little tight in the shoulders for me but nothing i cant work around. probably would give the jacket a 6/10 and only worth the backer price. not the retail price that its going for now.
@kelsey you should have received an email that asked you to fill out a google form that asked you what colour you wanted for your 3rd jacket. if it's not in your email you can see it in your messages if you click on "view pledge" on this page. i didn't receive my 3 jackets yet either and i was wondering if the reason was because they didn't look at the docs they told us to fill out :( :( :(
$87 in fees to get my two jackets. the body of the size large windbreaker is more like a medium, the sleeve length is like an xl while the sleeve diameter is more like a small. i put it on and the sleeves are so tight they're practically like spandex. while i can lose a few pounds to make the body of the jacket fit, it is unlikely that my arms will be getting skinny enough to use this thing. the bomber i got for my wife (size m) seems pretty good though.
$70 in fees to get both bombers ordered. they are tiny! i followed the measuring instructions and there is no way what they advertised is accurate. shameful. are people having better luck selling them on ebay or some other way of selling their jackets? i assume it's not even worth it to contact baubax? what shit.
false advertising --- the world's worst jacket in the world
fauxbax your people are crooks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
$94cdn in customs fees for 2 jackets in canada, yikes was not expecting so much. i've backed other kickstarters before and i've never had to pay this much in customs... they better fit properly...
i was never given the opportunity to choose the color for the third item i purchased. i chose the color for the sweatshirt and first windbreaker, but i wasn't able to choose the color for the second windbreaker. the color choice box for the second windbreaker never showed up on the surveys which is weird since the first two had no issues. i'm worried that i will not receive my order.  please tell me how to proceed!!
what is the address to return items?  plus any relevant info
excellent idea kevin wong!  everyone can start with this, most recent, article! check out this article! http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2016/04/84031-something-to-hide-supporters-of-baubax-crowdfunding-campaign-says-creators-are-deleting-backer-comments/
need to pay 132,97€ to get both. it is more then the helft of the pledge, what a scam.
@owen:  the gloves are very thin -- you wouldn't want to wear them in the snow.  not sure when you would wear them.  on a side note, my blazer detachable "half-scoop" gloves only have one layer of fabric (vs. 2 on a bomber).
@jin: the only problem i can foresee(as i don't have my blazer yet) is there being a gap between the "built-in" gloves and the additional ones sent, thus letting in cold air/snow/rain.
regarding the gloves, they are supposed to be half scoop which work in conjunction with the thumb hole gloves to combine (transformer style!) into one real glove. that's the new stretch goal, to be autobots and roll out! i make transformers noises when i put my hood on and jacket.
@jeffrey p magin - greatest comment i have ever read. i've never commented on here before, but damn this is beautiful. bravo jeffrey, bravo.
hey baubax, still nothing for florida, you suck as always and forever. you thieves in the night sold to retail before your backers singaling your distain for those who believed in the concept. i'm only comforted by the your failure as a company is likely near. thanks for nothing! worst kickstarter campaign ever
@eugene wong - i hope you do realise custom duty charge is your responsibility, not the vendor, right? baubax has no hands-on on how much you'd have to pay.
received in the uk yesterday, no shipping notice. after some of the horror stories before i was expecting the worst, but both items (hoodie and windbreaker) are really well made and much better quality than i thought they'd be. i can see how the pillow will move round but since i'm not expecting to tuck in in the hood *except* when i'm travelling i don't see it as an issue - certainly no worse than carrying a separate travel pillow - and the inflation/deflation of it is really impressive (although i guess this could be a common valve arrangement, i'm not a connoisseur of travel pillows). i had to pay another £75 customs charge and added to the initial pledge i can't say i got a good deal really. probably even the pledge amount was more than they're worth. but i'll certainly wear the hell out of them.
i'm still waiting for mine (in us)...is the shipment arrived at the door or is it just a notice for picking up at post office (since there is duty to pay)?? thank you
i live in maryland and received my shipping notice yesterday (04/11), expected delivery is thursday, 04/14.
what needs to happen is we all pick a day and share this information we all have here in the comments of any articles relating to baubax on the web. at least we can prevent others from falling into this trap.
reviews group here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ swap group for north america here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
lol what a joke this jacket is. baubax sure took me for a sucker. jacket is too small even though i ordered bigger just incase. can't even zip it up. the gloves cover only 3/4 of my hand. i live in canada! that's useless! quality is okay, i was expecting better for the price...
didn't have time to post this sooner, but received jackets last friday, april 8. tracking was emailed april 4. nyc
got my jackets last week, fits great for my windbreaker and my mom's sweatshirt. can't wait to use it on my next trip!
tracking info received last thursday.  bomber jacket should arrive tomorrow (apr 12th). minneapolis, mn. i ordered an xs bomber (male) so hopefully it's not too small. i'll add more details as i get my bomber jacket tomorrow night! :) really am hoping it fits since this week will be perfect weather for it :)
i received my jackets today. i live in ns, canada. the shipping confirmation was e-mailed april 4, and received today. i paid $127 in taxes, duties and fees for 2 bomber jackets and 2 blankets. totally outrageous! even worse, i ordered a m as the next size up based on their sizing chart, and while it fits, but it's pretty snug. and with items in the pockets, it's almost unbearable! the blanket most certainly does not fit in the 'blanket' pocket. the hood eye mask doesn't come down over my eyes. also, i thought the interior was supposed to be fleece! not happy with the quality of this jacket compared to the cost. all in, it worked out to over $250 cad per jacket and blanket - just not worth it. i'm not sure how the fit will compare for my husband, i ordered the next size up for him as well, but he has a large chest and shoulders. it was supposed to be his christmas gift, so hopefully it's not too much a disappointment besides 3 months late.
yes! man, was i stressed out. got a tracking number today, was so worried i would never get it since i'm being medically discharged and moving soon. i'm in southeastern ct.
still waiting for my jacket in georgia.
just received mine today - blazer, bomber and sweatshirt. must say that i'm very underwhelmed by the product quality. the fit is ok, but the built-in gloves and "attachment" neck pillow are poorly designed, as are the stylus/pen zipper. having had to pay 100 pounds for import duties is an insult to injury. definitely will not be recommending this company or product to anyone; the only thing i can count myself lucky on is actually receiving my pledges. it was a good idea, but extremely poor in execution.
how do i return it? their functions are not as good as video and pictures, the jacket is too heavy and not comfortable to wear.
i'm tempted to report this to the police. this is just retarded
75.03 pounds in customs charge. this is absolutely outrageous and after 6 months late on delivery. i will claim for fraud to my bank and get my money back. no way will i every pay so much for customs charge like this. especially when i am living in hong kong or uk when i can collect it at the warehouse. i will contact my bank right now. disgraceful baubax, even still not answering my email i sent 2 weeks ago. i can't believe this.
received mine - might have been late but i think its neat.  a little small though, so i'm working with cs to exchange for a larger one (which so far has gone well).  i think i need to pay shipping, which is a bummer, but in the end i like the jacket so im looking forward to receiving it (again).
my order was 5 months late and despite paying shipping with my pledge i was forced to spend $51 to receive the item. my first time backing anything on kickstarter and i'm full of regrets. :(
sold mine on ebay rather than dealing with sending back for a larger size. checking this off as a bad experience. good luck to all.
to anyone wanting to return their jacket...  thank you for writing to us. we have received your request for refund but are unable to process your request. your order has already been manufactured and your pledge amount has been invested in our production activities. as a startup firm we have limited funds and are not offering refunds at this stage of our project. check out how many coats are on ebay....
i just got a shipping confirmation today. however, based on what is in the package, this will be my wife's sweatshirt. i made this order for her on indiegogo, well after i made my pledge for my own sweatshirt on kickstarter. i have yet to receive a shipping notice or receive the sweatshirt for my pledge on kickstarter. so they have that going for them.
what address to i sent the jackets back to?  my xl is too small.  i should were liek to know if the next size up fits, before paying shipping costs - again.
label* and sleeve* because auto correct is the worst
also some follow up comments i'm not a slim guy and my jacket fits well i also believe that i ordered an xxxlt and while it's not on the labor the steve and jacket do seem to be quite long i may have gotten away with just an xxxl
i live on the east coast and did not get any tracking info b4 they arrived fyi
just got my 3xl bomber arrived a few days ago  but needed it shipped to me at school so i got it today. fits perfect got a 3xl based on the size chart used my suit jacket size as my guide line so 52 shoulder = 3xl gloves and eyemask are a bit annoying but can be ignored or fixed. the hood was a little bigger than i expected was hoping for a hoodie style hood fit but this is a bit looser. i decided to take the hood off and it looks amazing. the neck pillow is a bit cumbersome in the hood and is a little confusing to figure out but once you do it easy and fast to re and deflate it. the jacket is a bit heavy and warm i wouldn't want to be wearing anything but maybe a        t-shirt or something i wouldn't mind sweating in. but it's good for the north where i am now. the jacket is also very water resistant luckily it's raining today so i got to check that out a bit . haven't gotten to use the pen and stylus yet but over all it feels good fits well and the only major complaint i have is that the eyemask doesn't stay up and the gloves in the sleeves are a bit annoying and may cause some excess wrist sweat also they kinda get in the way of my wrist watch for those of us who wear them.
hi i have my jacket on custom services because you didn't send it with an invoice! so, to get it out of custom services i need an invoice as soon as possible. please see e-mail i send with data urgent please, i have only one week to present invoice or item will be send back. thank you best regards
received my jacket today it was the bomber but its so heavy. could i possibly change it to the windbreaker i wasn't expecting to get a winter jacket wanted something a little lighter
i got both of my jacket and bomber as ordered last week. thanks a lot to baubax team. just a small note regarding the neck-pillow is a bit chunky and heavy when not in use (useless weight)
philippines!! when will my jackets arrive? or even my tracking number. :(
it seems like the majority of the problems with the bomber(that i've paid attention to), are that they are all slim-fit. unfortunately, that's not a world we live in where a slim-fit is the right style for everyone. i honestly think there should have been a choice between slim, and regular. but, that's just what i think.
received md,tracking provided. sugg: zipper in front pockets , which seems to be small.no problems with the other things, i ordered one size larger.the interior liner seems  to be flimsy, only time will tell.overall, satisfied. i  was in no hurry. good luck
didn't think this day would come but i finally got my shipment tracking information. now just waiting on fedex to deliver. -usa, florida
i received my men's medium bomber on friday and some thoughts after wearing it around this weekend. quality - the design and material of the jacket are top notch.  i have no complaints about this as i have found no flaws so far in anything. size - like many, i put down for a mt when i filled out my survey but only received a medium.  i can see why some people are complaining about the sizes feeling too small.  this has the build of a slim-fit medium.  thankfully it's not a problem with me and it still looks and fits good on me but i can see how this would be a problem for some people expecting a normal sized medium. the hood/neck pillow - like a lot of people, i was under the impression the neck pillow was somehow built into the hood when i initially backed the company last summer.  since i rarely utilize the hoods on my jackets, i have unzipped the hood off the bomber and will only use it when i actually travel. despite having no qualms with the jacket and wore it out every chance i got this weekend, i would never do business with this company in the future nor recommend them to a friend.  their communication, debacle with the shipping companies, and overall attitude to their backers has turned me off from giving baubax any more money.
leave reviews here where baubax can’t delete them! https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ north american swap group because, more likely than not your jacket isn’t going to fit: https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950 pinned post at swap group about dealing with non-delivered tall sizes.  they  did not make tall sizes (with the exception of the blazer) and are still trying, quite deliberately, to pass off regular sized garments for tall in spite of being called out for it.
i received my l men's blazer and m women's bomber on friday -- i plan to post more detailed thoughts tonight, men's blazer -- fit is good -- fits exactly as anticipated (just like 44r blazer i purchased from banana republic).  however, the polyester/rayon material looks cheap (and is not wrinkle resistant), and many of the features are compromised when compared to bomber. women's bomber -- i ordered a mt, but received a m.  as you would expect, arms are too short.  a "mt" would likely be usable (if a little tight in the shoulders), but the "m" is unwearable.  i will be very disappointed if baubax charges for exchanges, when they shipped a different size than ordered.
@jess savelyev, same boat. my fiancée measured into the women's xxl, and it doesn't fit. we measured to. we even re-measured when we got the jacket. i also ordered an xl mens jacket, and we were sent medium gloves. neither of us have trump like hands. on top of paying 97 in shipping, i'm not super happy, but hope the exchange will go smoothly with little extra cost.
i have received my jackets in dubai. had ordered 2 of them. there is some issue with the shipping updates though. i received the tracking details on 5 april while the jackets were already at the post office on 27th march. i collected them the very next date. the jackets are good and i like them. thank you baubax for the jackets however i would like to add that the communication is really poor. the tracking details should have been mailed when the jackets were dispatched on 26th march.
hi baubax, i've sent three private messages to you, but no reply. any chance you send me an answer?
@ebeckey and @yee mei: thanks for that. i'll follow up tomorrow morning. i thought it felt too long.... haha
your shipping company charged cod of $50+ � jacket overall is nice though. all in with the additional cod getting a bit pricy however.
@jade - i had to go to the post office and ask about the delivery. apparently the postie forgot to leave a notification. i'd suggest you to check with your local post office. 17 march - left hong kong warehouse 24 march - being processed for delivery 2 april - checked with local post office and received my jackets. hope that helps.
@jade - mine was delivered to the act and had easter during this time: 16 march posted 18 march processed for departure & left hong kong 23 march arrived in au 29 march processed for delivery 4 april delivered
sorry. i mean blazer size
not ture of men's sizing chart ?
about 1000 need to full out surveys. that means 5000 american jackets are left. i feel like a lot more than that are waiting still.
i just got my blazer today.. it's great but the size is too small.  good thing i lost 25lbs.. or i wouldn't have able to fit into this jacket!!!  now this jacket fits right but the shoulder area is too tight.  overall, waiting for months, spending about $200.00 usd is totally not worth it.
so i got my womans xxl bomber jacket and it is too small. wtf i even sized up. now i am looking to trade with someone who has a men's xl that lives in illinois.
australian backers who have received their jackets: how long did shipping take?  my jacket was mailed on the 17th of march and my tracking information says it has been "being processed for delivery" in australia since the 23rd. does anyone know how much longer i should wait before i follow up? it'll be four weeks this friday. i'm near brisbane if that helps
got it, great stuff!! the only thing that is a bit misaligned is the hole for the neck pillow and the opening in the cover - its completely off. everything else is very good!! satisfied!
my stuff arrived, i had backed 4 jackets ... so ordered 2 blazers, 1 sweatshirt and 1 bomber .. whoever is packing at baubax can't count .. 1 blazer missing :(
received my hoodie and bomber this week!  didn't arrive in time for my november flight like i was hoping,  the hoodie fits but the jacket is a bit snug.  not sure yet if i will exchange.  koozie pocket isn't lined with anything so not sure how effective it will be... big question: i ordered a blanket but it never arrived... what is the scoop on blankets? did rcv a collapsible water bottle...wth pocket is that for?
@eugene wong, u.k. parcelforce delivered my package. once yours has cleared customs and has arrived at your local hub, you will get a letter telling you of the amount and how to pay it.
my shipment is being held in uk for customs charge to be paid, i emailed a week ago, still no response from baubax, how do i pay what do i do. this is the most frustrating thing ever.
i received mine this week, everything is perfect, thank you to the whole team
all, i received my coats yesterday (sweatshirt and blazer). i did not receive a tracking number which was contrary to what had been communicated. i am curious if anyone knows if there is a returns process. everything i have seen posted is about exchanges, but i do not want a 100% polyester blazer.  *the sweatshirt is ok, but is 60% cotton and 40% polyester.... even though the project page states the sweatshirt is 100% cotton.
@kat, have you tried looking up these management on linkedin? we can voice our opinion there too!
why have i been seeing pre-order offers on sites like touchofmodern.com & baubax.com, when most of us haven't even received our orders?! kickstarter should penalize companies for not getting a product out in a timely matter. yes, i know, you've had problems with materials, samples, etc. at least have some more communication....
thanks @kat, i'll check it out. just saw a major typo in my comment. i would have happily paid 70$ for that type of hoodie.
the m bomber fits ok though the attached glove things are a little annoying especially when wearing a watch! the hood fits relatively ok but the flap at the top is irritating and too large so i always have to adjust it. do i think 1 bomber and 1 hoodie were worth £275 (£75 was customs/vat)? no effing way!! i would not buy anything from them again at this extortionate price. my hoodie is a medium and is too large for me. does anyone in london or surrounding areas have a small and want to swap? i have the charcoal colour. email me: ravuk@hotmail.com
queens, ny. received my jacket yesterday, never got shipping nfo. jacket looks and feels nice. no problems that i can see. i just need to exchange it for a larger size.
@dang khoa nguyen & rolts - i think what they meant by waterproof was "add a zipper to the pocket."
@alex. thanks. no rest for the wicked!  i completely agree with you but we both know there is a ridiculously high degree of arrogance there and it will never happen.
@julie caouette. they didn't bother to make tall sizes and didn't bother to inform anyone about that.  they are trying to pass off regular sized jackets as tall sizes.  two words.  consumer fraud. there is a pinned post here on how to deal with this and get a refund.  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
lets face it the monies we paid should be held in escrow until the product ships. use the money as backing to get a loan. then we wouldn't get fucked!!!
i picked up my rewards from the post office yesterday about a week after i received the tracking email. duties ended up being 83$ for a hoodie and a bomber. i'm glad i went with a men's xl for the size of the hoodie, it fits me perfectly (can't say the same thing with full pockets though). the sizing of the bomber is another story.... i asked for a men's xxlt (gift for a friend) and the thing won't even fit around my hips. as it's been mentioned before, no mention of it being a tall size anywhere on the packaging either. we'll see how it goes when my buddy tries it on. i won't be buying anything from baubax in the future, the way the campaign was handled is enough to keep me away from the brand. i'll keep my hoodie, the quality is good enough. i would have happily paid about 780$ for it in a store.
just received my jacket today. i'm a size 34 chest so i ordered the xs. based on the size chart xs chest measurement is 34-36. it fits very snug... as in i can't touch either shoulder with the opposite hand. quite disappointing that i would have to pay shipping to exchange size. they were definitely not accurate on their sizing chart.
well done @kat exposing the appalling way baubax treats its customers is the best way to make future baubaxes think twice about obfuscating time and again. if mr sanghavi had any decency, he would resign and let someone run the business in an ethical manner.
breaking news: http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2016/04/84031-something-to-hide-supporters-of-baubax-crowdfunding-campaign-says-creators-are-deleting-backer-comments/
looks like mine was delivered today, shipping info was received on tuesday. will post a very thorough review when i open it, probably on the fb group.
just got my tracking number. kansas city, missouri.
received my bomber and hoodie today. it was a long wait, and i am happy with my backing of the project. i am not happy with the campaign or the communication.
our women's bomber is too heavy and shorter than expected. we still have to use it, but emotion is now down...
just received my hoodie in ottawa, canada! i was actually quite excited about this product, since i travel often and was looking forward to having lots of pockets for passport, cards, etc. this seemed like a great solution, and i figured that as long as the hoodie had even half the features, i'd be pleased. for what it's worth, here's the review of an always-cheerful frequent traveler: let's start with the final verdict: this hoodie has some great features, but was it worth the approximately $215cad i paid for it? absolutely not! fit: reading what others have written, i guess i was lucky when it came to the fit. according to the measurement chart, my size was s, but i like looser-fitting clothes for travel, so i ordered a medium. lucky that i did! the m size fits me quite well, though it is not at all a loose article of clothing. however, when i fill the pockets, especially the front, over-the-chest ones, it becomes a whole other story... dear creators, i think that during the design process, you forgot one very important part of the female anatomy: breasts. i'm on the small end of the spectrum, and if i put even just my phone and passport in the pockets, it gets rather uncomfortable. filling all the pockets (not to the brim, but just with normal stuff i'd carry on the plane) results in a bulky, uncomfortable feel and look. i can't actually imagine filling the pockets as intended and travelling in this. material and make: i have to say, the cotton-polyester blend does make for a soft, soft comfy hoodie! the make, though, is unfortunately not the best. the inner pockets are flimsy, the hood is disproportionally thick, and the included gloves don't differ from ones you would get at the dollar store. sad to say, but my $15 post-gym hoodie is basically the same quality. features: in theory, the many, many pockets are great! i also love that you can zip pockets up so that things don't fall out. the downside, however, is that once you fill the pockets, even with small things, the hoodie is actually not very practical. the stylus and pen are dollar store quality, and the supposedly built-in neck pillow is first, not actually built in (it hangs by a little button), and second, has sharp edges that make it uncomfortable to use. the eye mask is nice, though!  then the water bottle... even if you could find a place to comfortably fit it in, the quality is not that good. all in all, pros and cons. pros: soft, comfy, good eye mask, many pockets. cons: cheap make and material, not practical when pockets are full, no consideration for the female anatomy. if i could return it, i definitely would. but since that doesn't seem possible, i will keep it (it gets the prize for "most expensive hoodie in my closet") and enjoy the use of at least a few extra pockets and the eye mask on my next flight.
"both the 3pl partners have failed to fulfill the promises they made to us when they were trying to earn our business" baubax, you are the most shameless hypocrites and when you insult your customers like this, then you deserve to go out of business good riddance to bad rubbish...
got my bomber jacket m size here in ny yesterday , quality wise is ok not that great. one button in the hood that hide the pillow fell off already as i unbutton to get the pillow:( fitting is not great either. stitches all over the seams is good. overall is not worth the money that i backed. wont be using the pillow nor the bottle water or the gloves. might use the pen though:) i would say just like any regular jacket with more extra pockets.
i backed this product in august thinking i could wear it in the winter (they said it would ship in november) here it is april, and i still haven't gotten anything.
update 7 on aug 20 2015 "based on the poll results, we’ve added 'water-resistant iphone pocket' as the next stretch goal. please share this project on your facebook timelines to help us cross $6.5 million as early as possible, so we can offer you more features as future stretch goals"
same here, alex. also toronto. but i'm just glad ours fit, and i can be done with this company. many folks paid that, their clothes didn't fit and have no idea how to exchange or get a refund. putting the whole thing as my personal lessons learned.
are you fucking kidding me, toronto, got my package, but i had to pay on top of that another $100. not even close to worth it anymore. what a waste of money.
backer #967... still haven't received my jackets in brooklyn, ny.
got my bomber yesterday in canada, it fits good. the only sad part is i seem to have paid more duty then some at $53 for one jacket!!
@rolts  oh yeah i forgot it was an extra thanks to remind me it, but what's about the stretch goal of $6.5m waterproof phone pocket, do they really drop that item :((
@dang khoa nguyen:  - the blanket was a $us25 extra. you only get one if you ordered and paid. if you paid for the add on and didn't receive it, try support@baubax.com - the waterproof phone pocket was a stretch goal for $us6.5million. don't know what happened on that.
where are the waterproof pocket for smartphone and the blanket ??!! did someone know if these feature has been cancel of the jackets ?
just curious, but for peoples jackets both of my "mens" jackets have their zipper on the left. ive grown up my entire life with it on my right. am i just imaging things because all of their displays show the zipper on the right
video is up, check it out if you want: https://youtu.be/e3voogugcgm more details in the description.
in case anyone is curious, i'm in central nj.
i totally meant understatement, not exaggerated. jeez, i need sleep. hah.
i received my black bomber and grey sweater (both xs) in the mail this afternoon. however, i've just come home after a long night in the city so i only have my first impressions for you guys. initial thoughts: -holy crap this box is unnecessarily large -i didn't bother even opening the half-scoop gloves. when i do open them, if they end up being cheap, they'll probably get tossed anyway. the dumb collapsible bottles are definitely getting trashed too. or sold for like 50 cents at my parents next garage sale. -the ship date on the invoice claims ship date as 3/19/16 even though i didn't get fedex shipment notification until a couple of days ago. -i do wish the grey sweater was not so dark. it is pretty much black. -the sweater is surprisingly thick, but that's because of the lining required for the pockets. -i will definitely not be keeping the neck pillow in the jackets on the regular. it's just way too heavy. (not bothering to test the pillows right now) -the sweater fits more snug than the bomber, which i'm ok with. however, having even half of the pockets filled would make it hard for me to zip the sweater closed. -the garments in general feel pretty sturdily made. stitches seem clean, no loose threads. -the cuff gloves are a nuisance but not incredibly annoying to tuck back into the sleeve. it's definitely easier to deal with in the sweater than the bomber. -weirdly enough, the sleeves on the sweater are a tad bit longer than the sleeves on the bomber. -the linings on the bomber is different on the torso part of the jacket than the sleeves. the torso part, where the pockets need to be anyway, is poly fabric with no stretch, understandably. inside the sleeves, it is fleece lined (so they're only kind of lying when they say the bomber is fleece-lined). -even though the quality is better than i expected (my expectations were dropping alarmingly fast during the past month and a half), i don't believe the product was worth all the money i invested in baubax. just the appalling experience i've (we've all) had as a baubax customer was far from worth it. i might be wearing the bomber tomorrow as it might be another one of those bi-polar weather days in the city (possibility of snow. i doubt it, but yikes). if i do, i'll come back with a more comprehensive review. as another quick note, while i'm glad to finally have my jackets, i am far from happy with my experience with baubax. their underhanded and downright insulting customer service practices are unacceptable. to say that they overestimated themselves would be an exaggeration. i don't see this company sticking around after they finally fulfill their obligation to their kickstarter and indiegogo backers. at most, they have a year. thanks for the jackets, but good riddance, baubax.
i'm a backer in canada. i just got my bomber jacket today. i paid $40 for the duties to dhl but i like the jacket a lot. the jacket is xl size and fits me well but i normally ware l size clothes. thanks
backer 31,889 from ny and still no jacket/tracking number. but, i did order a medium bomber from ebags. shipped on tuesday and arrived today (look at that, waited 3 business days vs. 5 months+). now onto the jacket. great material and feels warm, but it fits just right. perhaps i should have ordered a large. add any items into the pockets? looks bulky and feels uncomfortable (especially if you add a tablet to its pocket). wear more than a shirt? it might look bulky. i don't know if it's just me, but the pockets seem very small. the neck pillow is great, though. inflates and deflates quickly. now that i've tried it, i'll probably hold onto this jacket until i receive the one from kickstarter (if i ever get it). also, i feel bad for those who had to pay for taxes and duties... who knows how long it'll take to get reimbursed?
re extra gloves and shipping delays how are those two related? they may not be but here is what i have seen. there are at least three sizes of gloves that i have actually seen - small, medium and large. the small size came with the women's medium jacket i ordered. the large came with my xl windbreaker. the medium gloves came with the larger women's bomber i got via the swap group (see my post below). in the latest update baubax referred to the problems of the order pickers having to pick a minimum of three items per jacket - jacket, gloves, bottle. did they stop and check glove sizes? in a lot of cases they may have. it is also likely that is many cases they did not. that could explain why a number of people reported getting gloves that were too small. yet, my large gloves were almost too large. my point is that having to verify glove size with jacket size could slow down the process a little. still no excuse for the six ps - proper prior planning prevents poor performance. (actually there are 7 ps. you can guess the seventh one.)
re: swap group for ill-fitting jackets kat has been promoting her facebook group where people can post their jacket info and look for better fitting jackets. this is an alternative to the "not yet existent" baubax exchange. https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/ in case you all may wonder if this group works, let me tell you it can. i got a better sized jacket today - two days after i contacted the seller there to buy a jacket she had for sale. i mistakenly bought mediums for my wife and daughter, but it was obvious the medium was too small for my wife. she tried on the large just now. it is still a little snug, but it is wearable. she said she couldn't wear a sweater under it. i now have the original women's black medium bomber for sale there on the group page. thanks to kat and others who set up this group. it paid off for me.
went to the post office to pick up my package today and i was right it was the travel jackets. had to pay 100.80 in duties... overall the jackets is very good, good material, feels nice. however for 2 jackets costing 460 is too much and ridiculous. there is an issue here with duty on kickstarter products, alot of them we have to pay and some we don't have to i don't understand this. the creators of these kickstarters are shipping these products as merchant which is why we are getting dinged for duties when we shouldn't be especially if we are paying shipping already. in addition when campaigns fail to deliver their promised rewards, we have no options to dispute besides going through our credit card because it is considered a pledge which should technically mean we are giving them money in return for a gift. at the end of the day, 460 for blazer and windbreaker i technically paid their retail price... so much for saving as a early backer.
i received my items, but the coats are larges and too small. i though i ordered xl. i will need to exchange them for larger ones
correction: so that it's not clunky and uncomfortable??
anyone figured out the best and most comfortable way to place the deflated pillow inside the hood, so that it's bit clunky and uncomfortable??
i ordered a bomber as well as a hoodie, everything is there and is nice except one faulty pillow that doesn't hold air, and i feel like the sleeves of the bomber are a bit short.
bomber jacket has arrived in the canadian arctic. had to pay $40.32 to canada post for dhl import fees. quality looks/feels great. disappointed that the pillow isn't embedded in the collar as promoted. would've been nice to include a 'feature sheet' to remind recipients what all the pockets and such are for. little inside pocket has an extended thing with a cloth on the end. i'm guessing this is for cleaning glasses. the jacket came with a pair of gloves (in addition to the built-in half-gloves, and a collapsable water bottle.
i have a faulty pillow as well.
received my two sweatshirts today in virginia, usa. everything looked good except the one sweatshirt has a faulty neck pillow (doesn't hold air) and is missing the pen/stylus. other than that the sweatshirts seem to fit true to size (men's medium for me and woman's small for her). kinda disappointed i have to keep mine in the packaging and box though until they have their exchange process figured out.
montreal, canada - just received two blazers, one l and one s. had to pay 80$ cad of duty. the fabric unfortunately does feel cheap and arrived wrinkle. the lining inside feels that it can be easily torn and the pockets are flimsy. of course, as everyone has described, the cut is way smaller than expected. overall very disappointed for a jacket that cost up to 250$ with all the taxes and duties.
i just picked up my jackets not too long ago, didn't get a chance to unbox it yet. however, i had to pay 70$ in custom/duty fees.  thanks so much baubax!  thanks for not marking this down as a gift, really appreciate it.  here's hoping on unboxing that the jackets are worth every penny. until then, this extra duty charge is going to leave a sour taste with me.  i am from montreal in canada and my order was for two large male bomber jackets for those wondering.  hope others in canada don't get slapped with fees like i did.
laurensius lukito  -  to the people who don't know what the caps lock key is.  it isn't anything to do with the fact it doesn't go over the palm... i get that.   the fingers are uncomfortably tight because they are medium size when we ordered larger sized jackets.  simple
just got tracking number for shipment to massachusetts.   end of the road in sight if the darn thing fits.
memphis, tn just received jacket and bomber. we like . they fit.
just picked up jackets and did a video review. once youtube finishes uploading it i will post the link here and on the facebook page!
it is interesting that duties are being charged at all for international customers. if we are not buying products but only backing projects, duties should not be charged, right?
just got my 2 jackets from vietnam.  where is the waterproof cover for smartphone ?
picked up 4 jackets from german customs today. paid approx. 150 euro tax + customs duty. jackets fit great. my wife and myself are happy so far.
in ohio. just 1 bomber. no tracking or anything. was patient. now a little upset to see people with multiple jackets getting shipments when told single jackets would go out first. this is one of the worst kickstarters i've backed.
got the tracking number for my order. i live in michigan,usa.
to the people complaining about the glove i think the reasons it come with small is because they want you guys to use it in conjuction with the built in gloves
got mine delivered this week in the uk (2 x bombers and £70 in customs charges!!!!) this week and have been wearing it out and about.   a few comments and questions (which i doubt will get answered but i'm not sure exactly where else i'm supposed to ask them. ) the armpits are pretty tight at the bottom of the armhole and are a little uncomfortable.  this is when wearing just a tshirt underneeth, so i dread to think how it will be when i wear more layers! the gloves which came with both are size medium.  given i ordered 2 large jackets, i'm a little confused as to why you thought medium gloves would suffice.   as such they are much too small and i cannot use them. pocket description - there was no labels or any such leaflet that came with it which described all of the pockets functions.  as such i am having to point the person whom i am gifting the 2nd bomber to to this website.   not ideal. speaking of pockets, i'm not entirely sure where things are supposed to go.   mobile phone in the inside left pocket? seems a little bit of a pain to get to when the jacket is done up. there is a pocket apparently for a phone charger device and the blanket (which i don't have).  i'm assuming they are the 2 flappy open bits of cloth at the bottom of the left side of the jacket??  i thought if it was supposed to be a charger pocket then there would be some kind of cable ducting  for the usb charger to go up into the phone pocket.  there doesnt seem to be one and as such is pretty pointless and is just another "probably not going to be used" pocket.  as having a cable going from there up into a zipped pocket isnt exactly ideal.   to be honest i was quite excited about the prospect of the usb charger being able to easily charge the phone in their own pockets.   alas it doesnt seem to have been.  :( all in all... its ok.  certainly not something i would normally have wanted to pay anywhere near £130 for.  but you live and learn.
well finally received my medium bomber and medium hoodie in the uk after £37.00 import fees.  so i have read a lot on the message board but didn't want to speak until i got my jackets as there's enough vitriol flying around from all sides. my impression fantastic the products for me well i am 5"11 and medium build and the fit for me is perfect they are weighty when filled with stuff but what can you expect.  a bit disappointed my ipad pro doesn't fit but to be honest i wasn't really expecting it to.  the pillow is pretty good fills quick and easy to empty having it in the hood doesn't really bother me but may move it to my now superfluous ipad pocket.  i live in england it rains a bit here so will get some decent use out of the bomber and the hoodie is comfy and nice fit if a bit longer on the arms than i'd like. all in all i'm really chuffed with the product bit disappointed about the delays as i'm sure everyone is but its kickstarter and i really didn't expect anything before now. now my annoyances the company have really let themselves down with communication with customers just be straight open and honest.  don't pass the buck to couriers they are always a pain but baubax has been bloody awful at comms.  learn a lesson you have a great product, get yourself a decent customer relations team (you have enough cash between ks, indigogo and pre orders and get better at dealing with the public be open honest and transparent about delays and the realities of a project this big.  talk more often and more openly and you should have good success but this ain't a great start!  i'm in sales and the product is number one but it doesn't matter how good your product is if people don't want to deal with you and o think most people feel that way. the gloves and bottle are a bit shite but hey they were extras and i'm sure i'll use them, maybe we'll probably not. i'd buy another when they are up and running but they have to employ good people preferably in territories or work with good distribution who understand how to talk to customers because my friends you suck at it.  make new stuff but don't try and be sales people!
these delays are unacceptable. i get no response when i contact the seller.  is there anyway to cancel my order and credit my card? i ordered these as a xmas gift it is now april and the gift recipient has passed away.
still haven't received tracking information for my jackets! please confirm
@brigitte hurtubise, thanks for the excellent review. unfortunately, i am now worried about my bomber jacket. i am always cold, and expected the jacket to be fleece lined. the fact that it is only a polyester shell just isn't going to do it for me. i would rather have a sweatshirt that i could wear underneath another jacket in this case. i don't have high hopes for this product, whenever i get it...
still no shipping info, nothing. wth???? from canada!!
the blazer is nowhere near wrinkle free though. and "easily detachable hood" is also a lie since it's buttoned up on the back. wouldn't buy again knowing what i know now
i have finally received the jacket (blazer) after it being on route for over a month. i took xl, i swear i thought i took xlt but whatever. first thoughts are positive, the fabric is nice, it fits well enough except for at the shoulders but i have broad shoulders and i'm used to blazers being a bit thighter there. the pockets, i have yet to check all of them but all in all, except for the fact that it took ages to deliver. i'm happy. oh, and i had to pay an import tax of 110 euros so that was a bit of a bummer too (one blazer + one bomber)
i just received my blazer and windbreaker yesterday (apr 7, 2016 @ bc, canada) and i love practically everything so far. the material on the blazer is superb and the design is fun and simple to use. the only thing that bothered me was the inflatable travel pillow is hidden inside the hood, which can feel bulky and adds extra weight when i put on the hood. i've taken it out and moved it into one of my spacious pockets.
so... all 14 of my friends finally received their jackets from me and despite mixed reviews here on the comments section, i am happy to say 14 of 14 loved the jackets. of course, expectations were not high as they received them as much delayed christmas gifts. but their reactions to the jackets - being positive and all - make the wait worthwhile for me. heres hoping more backers get their jackets soon. if not for closure to some some people.
i just took my jacket on its first short trip. the zipper on the neck pillow is stuck and the glasses wipe and elastic has fallen off. also, is there any way to wash your hands while wearing it that doesn't soak the sleeves? they come down so far and are so tight. very disappointed.
received a delivery notice today as i wasn't home, not sure if it is for this order or not but i'm not expecting anything else... it had $100 written on the notice... paid for blazer + windbreaker and $25 shipping total 273 usd... back in august which was 358 canadian. now i have to pay another 100? so i paid $460 for 2 way overdue jackets. i pledged for a rice cooker on kickstarter awhile back and there was no extra fee/dutys...
hi from vancouver, canada! i got my jackets today and ordered above my size and my husband's and yet they were still too small. i fit in my jacket but it was really snug - impossible to put anything in there if i zip it up. my husband was having a hard time getting himself in the jacket. the sleeves were too small and the fit was a bit too slim or narrow for his shoulders. i also had to pay an extra $86 when i picked it up at the post office. is it the worst product out in the market right now? no. but even if it fit, i still don't think it's worth the price i paid, which is about $250 cad each, including all fees/taxes and two blankets. i feel like they can still definitely improve on the product - it almost feels like this is still a prototype than the actual finished product.
has anyone used the neck pillow for travel? mine leaks air and it is flat in minutes
wow, lots of negativity in these comments.  seems to stem from ignorance about the process of something like this and about who is actually responsible. anyways.  love my bomber.  there wasn't a lot of images of the bomber, so i didn't really know what it would look like.  i'm pretty picky, and so it was a bit of a risk on my part.  turned out better than i could have hoped.  looks awesome, and awesome on me.  sizing and proportions are spot on. my only complaint is the visor in the hood always comes down, so having hood up means it's in my face no matter what.  simple fix with a little bit of velcro though, or i may just cut it out since i don't really need/want it.
baubax, i have not received my jacket yet nor the tracking number. your agent said that the order "has been delivered", but i have received nothing (can't believe i didn't even receive a tracking number). can you please let let me know where it was delivered to and please follow-up on my order? i've emailed you over the course of the past 2/3 months and this is honestly getting a bit ridiculous. a customer shouldn't have to fight so hard to receive an order that was placed last year. i am residing in hong kong and everyone else who ordered got it 5 weeks back. thanks
from the latest, finger pointing at everyone but themselves, update: "failed to fulfill the promises they made to us when they were trying to earn our business." hahaha. i'm having deja vu. that sounds exactly like what you guys did. make these promises; 100% cotton! nope, poly blend. delivered by christmas! nope. only the highest, supreme quality materials! nope. over 40 years experience, so your jackets will definitely exceed expectation! nope. wrinkle free blazer! nope. fleece lined bomber! nope, poly. 60x40" pocket blanket! nope, smaller and definitely not any kind of "supreme quality fabric." tall sizes! nope.  what a bunch of bull. take everyone's money and then change everything after the project ends and no one can cancel or change their order. change the material to much much cheaper junk to make even more money. absolutely disgusting.
@jennifer i was able to dispute my entire purchase via amex without any questions. i let @baubax know and they acknowledged and said they wouldn't ship. easy peasy... https://www.dropbox.com/s/sw4pihwpqb8qe4t/screenshot%202016-04-07%2020.57.20.png… your request (19134) has been updated. to add additional comments, reply to this email. agent 002	 agent 002 (baubax) apr 7, 14:43 hi scott, thank you for writing to us. we will not ship your order as per your confirmation on receiving a refund from your credit card company. best melissa ----- scott jord	 scott jordan apr 6, 06:50 … american express refunded my money, so do not ship this. if you ship, it will be refused. you are lying to your backers. i know that you are dropshipping ebags orders when you are telling your backers that ebags is shipping them. i can't believe how you have blew this opportunity with your backers. such a shame. good luck.
recieved my bomber about 2 weeks ago, though i was only able to try it on last night. pros: i ordered a size above my normal, just because, and it fits great. perfect for winter which is fast approaching here. it's probably too big for me to wear on the plane  when you also include my bulk, but the neckpillow works fine and i can tuck that into my carry on without carrying it like a douche. cons: the included gloves are too small and for some reason i thought there might have been a little pocket in the end of the sleeves to tuck the attached half gloves into (i realise their stitched all the way around instead of attached), as i put my hands through the sleeves i have to negotiate them through so i don't end up wearing them accidently. overall: sweated my ass off when i put it on so i know it will be fine during winter, very clever designs and am happy with my purchase, though in hindsight i probably wouldn't pay commerical princes for it, kickstarter pricing was sufficient. also maybe a quick note on how the neck pillow is supposed to be attached inside the hoodie (if thats possible) would be a good idea. this is a jacket that needs its own instruction manual. thanks!
us shipping per chart would be approx 4,058 orders "mar 30 - apr 5. (3,4,5,6,10 jackets orders - 9 to 30 picks per order)" adding all backers pledging 3,4,5,6,10...approx 3,722 backers/orders should i be worried that i have not received any notifications? or this is another update that provide no update? anyone successful in disputing the charge with the cc company?
hopeful to get my blazer sometime in 2016.
i finally received my jacket after months and months and you sent the wrong size....so do i have to wait until 2017 for this to be corrected?
to see your backer number- while viewing a project's comments, click the "view pledge" button (above the comment section toward the right margin), logon if requested, and at the bottom (the first event) will be your backer number.
i join the ranks of not receiving any indication of status. patience has worn very thin and i'm about to join the collective voices demanding refunds. you are ultimately responsible for your product and any excuses you offer the customer demonstrate your lack of credibility as a reliable business. get your act together.
i just got mine in nyc today, and i'd probably give this a 7.5 out of 10. the material is okay, it feels well made, i like that the inside of the sleeves are a fleecy type of material so it feels pretty good when i'm only wearing a t-shirt underneath. the glovelets are pretty much only good with this jacket's extended sleeves.  the neck pillow looks like it can be secured in the hood with a button and i'm not finding the eye cover falling down. lots of pockets is good but they're not really spacious. i got a l and it fits me pretty well,  i'm 6' and 220lbs, i won't be able to wear anything more than a sweater underneath but it's enough for me.  overall i'd give the jacket 8 out of 10, the quality overall is okay,  some of the execution is meh but overall fairly satisfied. the baubax experience on the other hand leaves much to be desired.
where can i find my backer number?
another month passed - still no tracking number. this is disappointing.
what a joke!  i wear l on my jackets and asked for an xl just in case.......it's so ridiculously small it's not even a joke. now i'm stuck with a jacket fit for a baby.
i just received the two jackets i ordered: a sweatshirt, and a bomber.  first, the good: the sweat shirt is great for me. it has a flattering fit (for a woman) and i can fit lots of stuff in the pockets. i like the neck pillow; it's compact and inflates in less than a single breath. while i haven't tried to sleep with it yet, i seems better than any neck pillows i've tried before. and, when i don't want to carry it around, i can just take it out of the hood. i know a lot of people hate the hood, and i agree it's a bit heavier than i was expecting. but, keeping in mind i can just stash the pillow elsewhere when i don't need it, the hood becomes much more usable. the material of the sweatshirt itself is nice and soft, and warm. just like a sweatshirt should be. the bad... the bomber sucks. my biggest complaint -- it's not actually fleece lined, or lined with anything on the inside at all, just pure polyester outer shell. the video clearly states that it's fleece lined!! the sleeves themselves are wayyyy too short. i got the same size for the bomber as for the sweatshirt (which, again, fits great), but the bomber's sleeves are all wrong and it fits a bit tightly across the back. the drink cozy doesn't fit any drinks. again, the sweatshirt's cozy is perfectly sized and cans slip right in just like in the video, but not so with the bomber. in summary: sweatshirt, sweet. bomber, bombed.  unless they guarantee me a fleece-lined jacket whose features work the way they are supposed to, i'm getting my money back.
@kurt: we could only wish. but, alas, they are not. people in the high 30k group have gotten jackets, people below 1,000 haven't. same for tracking emails. there is no rhyme or reason to how they send the stuff out. other than "this one looks like it might be fun to put together"...and that's my interpretation of it.
@owen, i put my backer number for others to check against.  perhaps they're going in numerical  order...
i hate to be the one to break it to you @soul. they did not make tall sizes.  they are trying to pass off regular sizes as tall sizes. that is consumer fraud. what can you do about it?  see the pinned post on the swap group page here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/ review group here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ just for fun, parody page, here:  https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
i ordered a mt and a m but got two m instead. also, one of the m bomber's neck pillow inflate/deflate mechanism is not working properly as the rubber flap only stays down. could i exchange the m men's bomber along with the faulty neck pillow with a mt men's bomber?
oh and another complaint -  you turds said you were going to ship single items first and multi second, you didn't, you suck and i will also sure that i keep track of your failures moving forward....so i can have a laugh and watch ur company circle the drain finally
hey baubax. i ordered a mt bomber jacket but got a m that doesn't fit. and why does your sizing chart no longer mention tall sizes for bombers and sweatshirts?  http://baubax.com/sizing-chart/ oh because you changed it after i ordered.  https://web.archive.org/web/20151005171014/http://baubax.com/sizing-chart
hey baubax, kat is completely correct, keep your lame excuses your own.  companies that are trying to earn your business provide a cheap price, but you were too stupid to realize the cheap price also meant poor follow up and execution. another sign of your poor business practices and inability to handle challenges as a startup.  it's simply inexcusable that you haven't gotten out the rest of these shipments by now. april 16 is not ok and you should be shipping them out post haste from your retail locations of the same size that i have. you suck and i will never back another kickstarter project cause of you. #baubaxworsteverkickstartercampaign
the last update was more informative than the previous. fyi, i live in the st. louis area and received my pledge of one male xs bomber and one male, medium, sweatshirt on tuesday (4/5/16). my backer number was 25,720 on august 12, 2015. my 11 yo and 14 yo love the jackets (fit, size, and features).
i live on the east coast and just got the bomber jacket today.  basically everything i expected. i am a size 44r man and ordered the large - it really doesn't fit right for me. the shoulders are too narrow. i then put it on my wife and it fits her perfectly as a travel overcoat.  she loves it so problem solved. if you haven't received your order yet it will come.  this was a 9 month wait for me but they came through.
i just received a shipping notice from baubax in regards to 2 sweatshirts that i ordered in december. however, i haven't received any information regarding the 3 sweatshirts i ordered through the kickstarter campaign in september. i have replied to their email asking about an update on the kickstarter campaign orders, will be interested to see their reply, if they reply. i am in northern montana, and the 3 sweatshirts i ordered during the ks campaign were 3 different sizes and colors, and the 2 sweatshirts i ordered in december were 2 different sizes and colors.
i have to tell you that the gloves that shipped with the jacket are really terrible. the coton used is also cheap and thin. i ordered a triple x jacket and if i had giant man hands that would go with the triple x jacket my hands would not fit in the gloves. as it is i have tiny lady hands and my palms barely fit inside the gloves it was a total waste of money for your company to both supply them and ship them i wouldnt pay a dollar for them in chinatown. i've worn the bracket twice and the pen fell off the zipper first just the bottom part and then the top part so it's not durable during wearing it all i contacted your customer service department but they refused to help. the construction on the jacket is not the greatest. some places you have 1 to 8  layers of material so certain parts of your body are too hot and certain parts of your body are too cold. also with the additional from insert extension part of the sleeve that goes over the hand it's too tight in the wrist to push the jack sleeves up if the sleeves are too long, also if you try to tuck the hand covers in the sleve like this video shows your wrist circulation is cut off, so you end up having to cut them off entirely.
well, that was about as crap an update as one could hope for. wtf is with the meaningless graphs?  why didn't you address the tall size issue?  the screwing over backers then blaming someone else while you made sure retail sales orders got delivered?  we are sick and tired of your lies. we are convinced you have committed consumer fraud on a number of levels. baubax as a brand is gasping its last breaths.  i wouldn't be surprised if they fold before they deal with exchanges. don't try to come out under another brand name hiral and yoganshi, we may not be legion but we will be watching your every move.
got my sweatshirt, and my reaction... a whole hearted meh!  it isn't what i was hoping it would be, and if i were ever to be looking at it on a rack in a store with a $135 price tag, i most definitely would move on without considering purchasing it.  i'll break this down: 1.  fit - i followed the sizing guidelines and the size is what i expected.  however, the design is just so awkward, that it doesn't feel like it fits properly as i put it on and wear it.  it fits narrow at the bottom/hip disproportionate to the rest of it, and should be longer in my opinion. between the hood, multitude of back-to-back pockets, and the hand warmers, getting into it is more of a challenge than a jacket should be. 2.  hood - ugh...i hate the hood.  it is not at all useful as a hood unless using the eyeshade, and it's really pointy, thick (double fabric) and ugly.  this is my least favorite part (and greatest complaint).  i realize it had to be designed to accommodate the neck pillow and built-in eyeshades, but all this makes it feel more like "baggage" around my neck and on my head, even without the neck pillow in place.  i don't want the neck pillow all the time, so it's great to be able to remove it.  but the eyeshade is just a flap that can't be tacked back in place.  consequently, it works it's way down over my forehead when i don't want it to. hate, hate, hate the hood.  i wish the whole thing were just detachable. 3.  wristbands/hand warmers - because the hand warmers are sewn in at the wrist, they naturally extend as i push my hand through the sleeve and out the wrist. if i don't actually want to use the hand warmers, then they need to be tucked back in and up the sleeve, although it's hard to get them completely flat back up around my arm.  it's just very awkward, especially if i'm wearing a watch or bracelets.  the gloves are great, however, over the hand warmers.  they are very short (just need to cover the fingers while utilizing the hand warmers), so they butt up nicely with the wristbands.  i buy a $135 jacket, and the little gloves are my favorite part.  :-/ 4a.  pockets, pockets, everywhere pockets.  great, i anticipated!  but...well, as a woman, i have breasts, and i'm pretty grateful for that.  but the breast pockets on this sweatshirt are useless for anything that can't contour around breasts, like a tissue.  there are both outside and inside breast pockets, and i cannot imagine what my chest would look and feel like if i had these pockets filled with my phone, passport, eye glasses, and sunglasses.  having any of those things pressed against my breasts is uncomfortable and unattractive, unless an iphone 6s shaped breast can be considered attractive.  i selected the "women's sweatshirt," and i suppose i assumed that the keyword "women" would be a reflection of accommodation for breasts somehow. (i can't say how, maybe offset or...?)  the four pockets at chest level (two on each side, one outside and the other inside) when empty are bulky and irritating. 4b.  lower pockets - there are two inside pockets on the left side that are lower (waist level), and these are the best place for phone and passport.  only one problem there; the fabric (sweatshirt lining) is a very flimsy t-shirt-type fabric, so nothing really glides into the pocket very easy.  i have the same complaint for the ipad pocket on the right inside.  the fabric is so lightweight that it doesn't hold up well to the movement of the phone or ipad, and instead tends to give and fold under pressure. one time i put my phone into the pocket on the left, and didn't realize until the phone fell down to my lap that it had missed the pocket entirely. 5.  workmanship - the cord in the right inside breast pocket that (apparently) is supposed to be for eye glasses (i assume this because that's where the microfiber cloth is) came loose on one end almost immediately, as if it was hanging by a thread.  i just grabbed a pair of scissors and cut the whole damn thing off.  i don't really understand why it was there in the first place.  the dreaded hood, with its lining, eye shade, and overall thickness feels home made to me.  like something my grandmother tried to sew together for me -- well sewed, but not a great design.  and the ugly pointy, bulky, thick hood -- did i mention i hate the hood?  oh yes, and there is the cord casing that frames the face that adds to the bulk. 6.  pen/stylus - i like to use a stylus with my ipad, but unfortunately, this one is of poor quality.  a stylus can be tricky, as it needs to glide easily over the screen but not be too pliable that it just collapses. i wish i had gone with the windbreaker.  i don't know if i would have liked it better, but i'm so very, very disappointed in the sweatshirt. a final thought:  i've written many reviews, but i don't think i've ever used the words "breast" and "hate" so many times.
my wife and i love our hoodies! we wore them for a recent cross country flight and it was so convenient to have our things close at hand, especially with a 3 month old in our arms! i wear mine everyday to work. i love the extendable sleeves and the half-gloves. i'm honestly a little disappointed on warm days xd
got the blazer and the hoodie, the hoodie fits great and i am using it now and loving it, however the blazer is a little small and i would like to exchange. please let us know how and when will exchanges be done.
received my blazer and trying it out for a business trip, fits great and kept me warm on the airplane.  highly versatile, i unzipped the hoodie portion and off to my meetings, looks sleek and professional.  very pleased overall and multiple pockets to stow away everything within reach.  my only criticism is the neck pillow, the zipper broke off the first day i used it and while it is super easy to inflate and deflate, using it on the airplane for a long flight it consistently lost all the air following inflation over the course of about 30 minutes.  very disappointed with the pillow quality, seemed like a great add-on to the jacket but it simply is not useable as advertised.
when can i expect to receive my blazer on the east coast
my jacket doesn't fit. how do i return it? thank you.
got my jacket. it is pretty sweet! thank you for making them.
thank you for the update today, baubax.
i will add a correction to my post - i believe the xxxl is actually an xxxlt.
i am in utah, and i received all five of my jackets yesterday (three bombers, one blazer, one sweatshirt) rather unexpectedly. i don't think i ever received tracking, and i have been watching for it. but as a brief review -- the bombers are pretty sleek. mine, a women's large i think in red, fits me pretty well though felt a bit short (even if it did hit my hips). i am 5'10" and about 170 pounds, though i have a slender hourglass figure for sure (if that helps anyone). my torso is really long though (maybe i ordered a tall?? need to check). my husband who is actually very similar in build to me got a men's medium in black. it looks super sleek - he said it is just slightly snug around his belly (which is a little bigger than a medium these days :)). we are sharing the charcoal sweatshirt in medium. i tried it on and it was a bit baggy on me (which i don't mind with sweatshirts), but it fits him nicely and - again - looks sleek. our other bomber is a blue xxxl - i love the color. it is for my 6" dad (he has big a belly) who lives overseas, but i had my 6'6" big bellied brother try it on. it fit him pretty well and he wants one for himself - though he said he'd get a size bigger if it were possible. the sleeves wouldn't have been long enough if not for the gloves. our blazer is a black xlt for my mom. i tried it on and it was baggy (as i hoped). i just hope it fits her well. she is probably 5'9" and about 190-200 pounds (i am guessing). i used the sizing chart for both her and my dad's jackets. anyways - now that sizing is out of the way. i liked the outer quality of the jackets: the blazer's fabric, the bomber's fabric (did i mention i love the blue?), and all of the sweatshirt fabric. i am a *little* iffy about the blazer's lining, because it seems flimsy and i have had bad experiences in other coats with flimsy lining (not bad, i just don't have pockets because the holes are so big). i agree that the neck pillows are a little awkward in their hood pocket. i don't think i'd notice it much but just handling the jackets it was a little weird. i don't have much to say about the other pockets...my husband didn't think the ipad pocket was big enough that he would put his normal ipad in there, but maybe a mini ipad. i don't think the drink pocket in my bomber would hold a can of pop (not that i would ever use it for that?). i didn't examine the other pockets very thoroughly. overall i am content with the jackets. i just hope they fit my parents well.
@kurt armbruster: well, you're a step ahead of me then. i'm also in calgary and have received nothing.
the blame here in the last update is just incredible, so lets apply some logic here: baubax seriously just tried to explain away the shipping debacle because 1) it took a professional logistics company (floship) two weeks to figure out how to properly calculate an invoice, even though 3pl is entirely centered around... logistics. that is fourteen days, or half of the month. and during this time, floship would have been falling far behind any agreed upon kpi's and in dangerous breach of their agreement with the customer (in this case, baubax), and baubax is totally ok with this. this is ostensibly after the first, or maybe second... third (who can remember) delay because the initial "test" shipment from hk had delivery and tracking issues, which apparently it still has. meanwhile, and in spite of total shipment halt, 2) rakuten, as the us 3pl company, "promised" (read: not contractually obligated, no one with any kind of scm, logistics, or even business experience uses "promise" as a term of significance) to ship 5k-6k "orders." it seems highly unlikely that a 3pl provider would not know better than to provide kpi standards based on total order rather that item shipment. one might say that there is a view for total orders, yes, but a dashboard of "items" shipped on any given day is probably fairly level. 3pl providers enter into contractual agreements with customers to meet certain performance standards, and again, if baubax's claims are true then their provider is underperforming by a whopping >80% margin. however, since rakuten is, by baubax's own admission, altogether ignoring their purportedly aggressive push for bandwidth, one can assume that rakuten is probably meeting their contractually agreed upon numbers - which one can reasonably infer is probably min 5k items/day average, and not orders. so lets do the math: courtesy of baubax's own update #18: international: on mar 1, floship had shipped 60% of international orders. there is 40% remaining, which was expected to be finished by mar 12 (+11 days). add in a two-week shut down (+14 days), international shipping should still have wrapped up by mar 26 (+26 days). if they are running at even 50% capacity, all international orders should have been done by april 5 (+14 delay + 50% capacity, original eta +11 days = +36 days). us: the nevada warehouse only was expected "in next 72 hours we will be shipping out 5,250 more orders." these were first-ship orders of single items, which should have been "three pick" orders - jacket, gloves, bottle - over three days, which.... *drumroll* is our 5k-6k items/day capacity. baubax's own estimate is based on the number of "picks" going into each order. i'm also highly entertained that because the 3pl providers dictated to them, the customer, that they "would like to finish shipping all the crowdfunding orders" - because we all know the 3pl shipper and not the customer, or their legal agreement, decides what they "would like" to do. what baubax means to say is that for the amount of money they have agreed to pay, they will not get any more from rakuten than they are getting now. in any case, i am backer 217 - and i finally received my single hoody. per baubax's prescribed sizing, i am a w's xs, but i sized up due to the perceived fit of the jacket in the videos (fitted) and assuming there would be a limited ability to fit anything of size into the pockets without looking ridiculous. the w's s hoody fits ridiculously slim - and i'm both tiny and asian. i can only imagine what the xs actually looks like. the hood-of-much-contention, though, is insanely and ridiculously large! i've read about backers who's hoods have masks that barely cover their foreheads, etc - and i wonder if baubax has used the same size hood for each garment type, because the hood of my hoody is 3/4 of the body length. literally. these are bobble-head proportions... http://imgur.com/89e0xvb biggest gripes about the actual product: - water bottle is cheap, free (to us), and doesn't fit in the damn pocket. assuming it costs them $0.10/bottle to procure, and that every backer received only one, i would have preferred, for example, that that $4500 to pay someone to update this campaign once a week. - am i the only person who ordered a hoodie that expected the cover to match the hoodie itself? all the videos and pictures are depicted that way. - the 40"x60" "proprietary" blanket is actually 36.5"x57" and is nothing more than an unfinished, cut-from-the-bolt, unseamed rectangle of fraying polyester that, before unpacking from its shipped form, doesn't even come close to fitting in the "blanket pocket." - ipad/tablet pocket is a little small... could be a byproduct of such a small jacket, since the pocket goes all the way to the side seam. - 100% cotton jacket is actually 60/40 cotton-poly blend. apparently this is been addressed already by everyone other than directly addressing a material change by baubax. http://imgur.com/a/lnnv7
backer 25000ish, in calgary canada. just got shipping notice.
my 2 blazers arrived!  one for my wife, one for me.  both fit very well - i'm 6 feet, 175 lbs and was worried about the sizing, since i seemed to be right on the line between small and medium.  i typically wear a 38r jacket and the small fits perfectly!  whew.  my wife is 5' 9" and 140 lbs and the small fits her very well.  she typically wears a size 4-6.  definitely worth the wait!
hello all, so after aprox 8 months, my wait is over. i am in chicago , il. hope this help people that are near or in the area. i have complained very much, sent several emails and messages through here and i got a very crappy service on both ends but my jacket arrived and i have to be totally honest with you all, it is awesome. mine fits very well, ordered a small bomber, i am 5.3 small build, petite, 115 lbs. it is bit loose but i think its perfect because i can stuff sweaters underneath it on trips to cold places or in winter season!!!!! i got a pair of gloves and the travel water bag/bottle. the neck pillow inflates super quick and so easy, very comfy. the ipad fits perfectly too, with case and everything!!!! the pen is working, zippers are good, sewing looks good and well done. this bomber is insanely warm, i was boiling in there, the sleeves have some very soft lining, love it! hope this helps. i know it was hell but to me the jacket was worth the money, not the wait. i am once again in chicago il, usa
re: update #20, i to date haven't received my jacket however i noticed that you still have several hundred jackets for people that haven't filled out their survey.  i have filled mine out but how do i know which list i am on as i didn't receive a confirmation after i filled out my survey nor have i received a confirmation that my jacket has shipped yet.  please advise.  thanks!
on july 16, 1969, the national aeronautics and space administration launched a saturn v rocket from kennedy space center in merritt island, florida. that rocket had three modules, weighed almost 3 million kg, and about four days and 370 thousand km later, the lunar module landed on the moon. the delivery of the first human beings to the moon was accomplished. the first prelaunch milestones were completed on november 21, 1968. it took roughly 241 days from that date to "deliver" the lunar module to the moon. we are roughly 275 days from the "launch" of this project and have received yet another delay.
@ kapil easwar - good analysis. it reminds me of the old story, "the emperor's new clothes."
re: neck pillow - non-standard design after several tries, and some help from another backer, i was able to inflate the pillow. it actually remained inflated for several hours. what i don't understand is the design of the inflation valve. it stays inflated only when there is pressure on the outside of the pillow and it is full of air. without that pressure, it eventually deflates because of the way the valve is designed. i understand the intent is for an easy release to deflate the pillow when not needed. and it can be inflated when it is around your neck. but i doubt it can be inflated while still in the hood. my question is why not use a standard plug valve that has been used for decades? i suspect they did not because it might take a little longer to inflate and deflate. but it is a lot easier to use and it would hold the air in better and longer. and why is it so much thinner in the back than on the sides? the back is where i want the support. the only way to get any real support from the pillow is to get a crick in your neck leaning to the side.
i was one of the people that was annoyed at the delay, but i finally got mine a few weeks before the original intended recipient's birthday. she was pretty pleased with it and it fit well. not sure about the fit with all the pockets being crammed full of stuff, but that's kind of obvious it might be different. i prefer closer fitting clothing, so that's actually a plus for me. hang in there guys.
re update 20# i called it right several days ago when i said we would not see any exchanges until the shipping was complete. baubax confirmed that earlier today in update 20. as others have noted, baubax blames the shippers. and that is probably right. but i have to wonder why it took so long to figure this out and why didn't they let us know earlier. again, baubax does not seem to have the ability to fully manage a project of this complexity.
i decided to exchange mine with the company when the time comes instead of trying to trade with someone else. this is mostly due to the fact that everyone seems to need a larger size, not smaller. so i emailed them to ask if i could exchange a women's bomber for a men's. i got an auto reply, which i wasn't surprised about. at this point i will wait, it's not a big deal to me. however, in the auto response was some interesting information that i wanted to share: "if you are writing to us for exchange of size of the jacket received, we will get back to you with the next steps within a couple of weeks. please do not use the products and keep them stored in the shipping box. please make sure the hang-tag on the jacket is not removed and the items are placed in the original polybag, otherwise we will not be able to exchange the items.​" so, fyi, it doesn't look like they will exchange it without the tags, the plastic bag it was in, and perhaps even the box it was shipped out in. if you are planning on trying to exchange with the company keep this in mind.
this jacket looks awesome and fits great, and is super warm. but calling i'm pretty disappointed with all the features. this jacket's fatal flaw is that it embodies "innovation for innovation's sake" rather than "innovation to solve an actual problem". let me break it down: neck pillow: this one is self-explanatory for anyone who’s received their jacket already. just look at the comments. there’s no way to store a neck pillow inside the hood without it bunching up. so every time you put on your hood, you have a big bump on the top of your head, and you need to rearrange it inside the hood. or do what i did and store the neck pillow somewhere else. that said, it is a really nice neck pillow! eye mask: carrying an actual eye mask in your pocket would be much better. with this jacket, every time you pull the hood over your head, it comes down over your eyes and you have to fold it back. hand warmers: again, a great idea. but this can be solved by just having gloves in your pocket. every single time you put on the jacket, the hand warmers extend, and you need to pull them back in if you don’t want them pen: another one that could be solved by just carrying a pen. though i will give this pen some points for coolness drink pocket: why make this pocket so small? it’s for the travel sized soda cans, but not even all airlines give you those. this pocket doesn’t fit normal bottles or cans; maybe that would make the pocket too big, but as it is now it's of very very limited use. microfiber cloth: this one is sort of useful, but a bit superfluous really. but at least it doesn't cause any problems. it feels like this one was added mostly to pad the number of features on this jacket
hi baubax team! it would seem i am not receiving emails and updates from you. how do we remedy this situation? i am afraid i have not filled out things that you need from me. chie
for all the people who are saying that their jackets "fit" have you tried actually using the pockets and putting the corresponding items in their. my sweatshirt "fit" but there is no way it'll fit with me putting an ipad, water bottle, blanket, etc in it. just asking so i can get a better idea of what size i need to exchange for. bc i'll be honest i am 5'5, 155lbs. my bust sizes is a 36 and my sleeve length is a 30...by baubux's standard i should be a medium...i got a large to size up so that i'd have more room to wear thicker shirts or sweaters underneath...the large windbreaker i received won't even zip over my hips and when i manage it zip it, it's extremely tight across the back.
no amount of excuses or reason will get back the trust you lost due to your lack of professionalism when it comes to communicating with your backers and trying to cover up your mistakes with probably even more lies. you said you have immense experience and that allows you to see or predict short-falls before they occur, hence assuring us of a smooth and responsible flow of operations and communication. i guess your interpretation of experienced is just very different from probably the rest of us backers. you guys have indeed brought shame and disgrace to the idea of crowd funding and kickstarter. kickstarter has it's loopholes, but you guys have just proven that there are people(or creators) who use these loopholes to their own benefit at the expense of responsibility and the backers. instead of providing an explanation and apology as to why other 3rd party websites/shops are already selling and sending your jackets to people before even your kickstarter backers received them, you shove and point blame at others except yourself. your opportunity to start it off good has already presented itself and you guys screwed it up good and proper. simply said? people wanted to believe in you, but you just dug a grave and placed yourself in it. you may hide behind the "success" of this project but know that many will always have this terrible experience as a memory.
live in new york, just got my shipping notification. with this cold spell i may get to use the jacket after all.
hi baubax team! i just wanted to say that i received my sweatshirt last week and i was finally  able to give it to my husband as a belated birthday gift. he absolutely loved it and it fits him perfectly. we were both really impressed with the quality of the sweatshirt as well. seems like it's really made well and will be long lasting. just wanted to share! definitely worth the wait :) thanks!
got our jackets a few weeks ago. we love them! clearly made with high quality in mind. thank you and no hard feelings on this end about the delays - we realize you did not expect such high volume, and are learning as you go. thanks a million!
if anyone wants to swap a women's size m bomber blue for any large size jackets women's or men's medium, please let me know.
so based on that math it should take them 3 weeks to ship 100% of the orders from the us and canada. just from the eastern us warehouse at the rate of 7500-7600 a week. not to sure how any of this is a real excuse. and how do you enter an agreement like they have with the logistics company without having all of the details hashed out. i couldn't imagine. it taking 3 times as much work is going to cost them more. i don't believe this update for a second. or the email i got telling me to expect shipping info this week.
we got our bomber jackets last week and they are amazing. so glad we got them but sad they arrived so late! since we live in fl, we won't be able to use them until next december! lol. the fit is perfect for both of us. i am 5'4" 140lbs and the medium is perfect. has some room for a sweater underneath. my husband who's 5'10" 230lbs got an xl (he usually wears a l) and has plenty of room for a sweater or two but not too big looking that he's swimming in it. we wanted extra room so when we visit family in co we can be warm. they are comfy, stylish, and versatile! i can't wait for the weather to cool down to actually use it! :d
its been so long that i can't remember if i actually filled out my survey or not. please confirm. also, i am moving soon so i need to be certain i'll receive my order before mid june or i need to change my shipping address.
@owen:  for me at least, doing basic things like tying shoelaces, doing up buttons and zipping zippers is from muscle memory.  i can see reversing the side this is done on, as annoying (i can't say from experience, as i don't yet have my jacket).  i am puzzled as to why an american garment company would deviate from the norm.
i received my sweatshirt about a month ago (london, uk)....it was a gift for my boyfriend (we travel a lot) and he loves it! we have already used it on 2 trips and he is raving about the quality, comfort and innovation of the product. kudos to the baubax team for creating a product that delivers on the promise and providing transparent updates along the way to keep us backers happy. will continue to and have already recommended the product to a number of friends.
for people complaining about the gloves. its seems that the gloves are shortened because the jacket has the hand warmer built in if you bring the hand warmer fabric down over your wrist the gloves fit very well.
i'm in the u.s. and have yet to receive my jacket. how do i find out the status of my order?
just recieved my xs women's bomber jacket today and xs women's blazer. great quality! however, the bomber jacket is too small. how do i go about getting an exchange?
i like the latest update...(not) " shipping status as of april 6th: international orders: all orders, except 350 are shipped. these last 350 orders should be shipped next week. these are mostly bulk orders (higher picks) and non-english addresses that were rejected by the system at floship limited." well as someone in the uk i expect i am part of the international band but as one of the original first 1000 backers who ordered 1 bomber with blanket and someone who has received nothing as yet, my patience is almost exhausted. i feel very let down and i have backed a number of other projects on kickstarter - all delivered as promised with little or no delays. what a shambles they made of this whole think. they chose to go with these companies that obviously promised them the earth and are now failing to deliver in more senses than one.
got my medium men's bomber today (west coast, usa)! fit is just right, missing the pocket blanket though. :( will post again when i've had time to examine all of the features.
so happy i finally got my jacket, all is awesome only negative points. the gloves!!! they fit perfectly at the fingers but they to not cover the base of the hand ...
hey guys finally got my 2 jackets both bomber in  ny with no sipping info so if you haven't received it your jackets may still be on their way i got a 3x bomber haven't gotten to wear it yet as i'm waiting for it to get shipped to me up at school so i'll post something when i finally get my hands on it.
anyone understand these inflatable pillows thrown in the hood? is there a way to actually keep them in there and still wear it comfortably, while deflated? not sure how to adjust it or where to put it. it got shipped with the pillow just thrown in the lining, not sure if there is a proper way to fit or adjust it. this is in the bomber jacket and sweatshirt. shirt fits nice, jackets are ridiculously undersized.
by the way, backers, i've forgotten to post for my update on the shipment. i've received the 4 jackets in singapore on 25 march. so thanks, baubax!
hey baubax team, i just want to say that i appreciate the transparency that you guys are providing with regards to the issues, challenges, and successes you are facing. i do hope you have a very successful business/company. i rarely see kickstarter projects to be this transparent and responsive to their client base. please keep it up! regards, luke liwanag
to summarize this update: we over promised because we're too perfect. we now blame the other companies because they can't deliver what they promised.
got my jacket. the pen broke but was ablie to have it fixed. as well the loops in the hood part that hold the inflatable head rest are not sewn shut, they are open ended and i have to take it to a tailor to be repared. overall its fine, but it made a decent amount of work for me, and still have to take the jaket in. quality and fabric is good. hope the others arrive my wife ordered before our trip.
you know, i still find it stupid how people think that a zipper on one side means the garment is for a certain gender, and vice versa. really? this is 2016, it's a garment, the side the zipper is on doesn't make much difference(unless you have trouble using one of your hands, or are missing one of your hands).
damn.. and i was betting the next update would be end of the month still...
@alex jarman and @kat, this is off topic but i thought you might be interested in this story too (also to restate the need for ks to actually enforce an accountability system)  i finally met another project that is way more dictatorial in their censoring effort than baubax. these guys (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2050848594/redefining-italian-luxury-watches/comments) kicked me out as a backer steathily to prevent me from further commenting on their project page. i was pressing them to stop posting misleading statements about their progress (they reschedule shipping multiple times with vague excuses) i then discovered that they are actually a lithuanian company masquerading as an italian one with no actual experience. the last straw came when i posted their public records for all to see. i sense a shit storm coming (non deliveries) albeit some backers remain optimistic.
@lee -- don't hold your breath.  they told me the same thing on april 1st -- 24-48 hours.  still have not received a tracking number.  sent a follow-up after 72 hours, and haven't seen a reply.
finally gotten the stuff.  good quality.  the thing i find disappointing are the gloves.  it is ridiculously small and does not fit......�
i haven't received my jacket. emailed the support and they said they'd send me a tracking number within 24-48 hours. that was on the 25th of march. still haven't received a tracking number.
i just received our sweatshirts, no tracking, just showed up via usps in vero beach, fl.  i am very disappointed in the charcoal color.   it is nothing like the little swatch pictured or the one the girl wears in the video.  i was really counting on it being like the new heathered look of grey with the white and black tones mixed together (like the girl in the video wears). -sizing: i measured myself using the sizing chart and i am within the women's small size range.  i ordered the small.  it does fit, but very snug.  i tried to put my iphone in the breast pocket and i look like i have a huge square boob.  not sure how i can put too much else in the pockets and not look like i'm smuggling items and look suspicious.  the small is okay, if i don't use the functions intended of the sweatshirt by adding items in the pockets. -i'm really surprised by the weight of it.  pretty sure it is due to the neck pillow. -hood isn't usable for normal wear.  the eye mask won't fold under and stay so you will be walking around blindly and looking like a dork. -the material bunches up underneath and makes it look even worse. baubax, could you please post a detailed video giving instructions and demos on all the features of the sweatshirt?
i haven't received my jacket. emailed the support and they said they'd send me a tracking number within 24-48 hours.
did they put the zipper pull on the wrong side of the men's sweatshirts assume the girlfriends would take them anyway? or did they just mess this up as well?
i still have yet to receive my blanket, when will those be shipped???
@ andrea taylor - yesterday you said, "future idea - offer the women's in a bit longer style. both windbreaker and bomber hit just between my waist and hips." i would not count on it. first, i doubt baubax has a future. i don't think they have the capital and ability to order any more jackets. they are a "one and done" business. second, they were supposed to make tall jackets for those who ordered them, but they did not. now, it's possible they didn't get enough orders, but they did not tell us they were dropping the tall jackets. that's fraud and deception. so, you will have to live with your short jackets, or sell them.
@ scott jordan - yes, but your credit card company will not be able to get its money from baubax or kickstarter. your credit card company is technically forfeiting that money to keep your goodwill and business - a nice gesture on their part. they will make up for it with their interest charges on carried over balances of all customers.
perhaps if i only ever wore this jacket when flying it would be functional and well received. however, i was hoping to use it daily as a lightweight wind/rain jacket for my metro work commute. while the exterior material is great and it looks very nice, the sleep hood falling down when the hood is up (that is after removing the neck pillow b/c of its weight) and the hand warmers needing to be tucked away every time you slip the jacket on makes it frustrating and impractical. i'm back to wearing my old jacket after a week.
i was able to get a full refund from my credit card company.
is there a swap group philippines?
got my jacket today...kinda thought the idea of the neck pillow was for it to be integrated into the collar?? really disappointed about that as i already used to carry a pillow in my bag & it's too heavy to carry in the hood but otherwise it's ok i think.
si liu - only baubax could take 2 months to get a shipping notice out to a hong kong backer from their hong kong wareouse and only baubax could take a further 7 days to deliver it within an 80km landmass. their incompetence is world-beating.
ok.. this is getting too crazy... i live in the west coast, usa.  per your updates you said people from here would receive our order by march 2016 and i still haven't gotten anything yet.  where is order???
the courier they are using seems to be incompetent. got my tracking email on mar 30, tracked as "in-transit" on apr 1. this is shipping from hong kong to hong kong and it has taken 7 days. hong kong is tiny, nothing should take 7 days. this is slower than regular 2nd class post.
got our two sweatshirts from customs yesterday and paid 140 € due the inability of customs to understand and read simple english. package already arrived on the 5th of march in spain, but ...that's spain. quality seems to be good. we'll see how it works out for travels/daily use.
seems like others like the quality of this - but i think it's terrible.  - zipper pull is on the wrong side for a men's jacket. it's on the left when wearing.  - zipper gets caught half way up every time. - hood can never be worn without the sleeping cover hanging in your face. - neck pillow is bulky. mine works though so i can't complain about that. like others can.  - hand warmers can't comfortably be pushed inside the jacket sleeves. it's just bulky and hot. - the extra material inside the jacket bunches up oddly when you wear the jacket.  - again, the hood.... it serves no purpose if you're not trying to sleep. pointless. ugh. i want to return this thing. i paid way too much for a jacket i'll basically never wear.  -
just received my l blue boomer, calgary, ab canada, had to pay $40.39 customs. the order was shipped via dhl but fulfilled by canada post. so far the jacket is great, quality is good. thanks baubax, even with the huge delay it was totally worth the wait.
is it too early to use the phrase "class action"?
brian eisen got two extra sweatshirts...  frank tsaur got short shipped.  anyone surprised?  anyone?  bueller?
don't leave baubax a review on their facebook page... if you aren't loving on them they'll delete it.  please do leave a review here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ if the sizing is off a swap group for n. american backers can be found here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/ a couple of fast facts:  tall jackets were not made except for blazers.  you can get a refund by ensuring you ask that your email be directed to melissa.  she is the only one handling that issue and was, initially, lying to backers that the "tall" indicator was located in the bar code, which it is not.  if you haven't gotten your tall sized items yet, best get on it now as it will be an even bigger hassle once you've received them. no.  most backers have not received an email from baubax and/or the carrier.  the number of packages just showing up on doorsteps throughout the us, and without any warning whatsoever, is staggering. lastly, if there are individuals reading this who live in california, please shout out to me over at facebook.  you can easily find me via either of the groups listed above.
i received only a part of my order! it arrived in a giant box but still didn't contain my full order. i sent an email regarding this issue about a week ago, but no reply. my order # is 12845586, ship date 3/23/2016. reference # 22706.
still jacketless in singapore. their sizing chart actually puts it in terms of inches. but from the reviews that i have seen, seems like either their ruler has a problem or it is probably in cm or something. damn.
i am living in hong kong, when should i  received the jackets?
tracking number in wichita kansas today. ����
@jane cheng: baubax haven't deleted your comment, it's still there, just buried under a many newer comments. you can always check your postings, or anyone else's by clicking on the persons icon, this brings up their profile. select comments and you can see all of their postings. if you then click on the date at the bottom of the relevant post, it will take you to where that post was entered.  creators can not delete posts, but kickstarter can. if someone feels a post is in breach of the guidelines and community standards, they can request kickstarter to delete it. kickstarter then decides if the post should be removed.  re: refunds:- in general; "no". one backer is reported as having received a refund on the basis that the materials described in the sweatshirt during the campaign were changed without appropriate notification. others who have requested refunds due to delays have been refused. re: delivery: most backers report receiving an email from baubax and the courier. these have varied from being received prior to delivery to being received after delivery. if you receive an email from the courier, you might be able to redirect the delivery. most responses from baubax support appear to be cut/paste and general in response to key words.
@stetson hall: re; the pillow not inflating - a comment posted by backer jason lee may help. "the neck pillow will not be going anywhere with me, the valve is the rubber seal on the inside - it stays shut using back pressure. reach your finger in and feel around for the valve (it might be bent over but its attached on the flat section of the inside of the valve). once you find it flip it back so it sits flush to the bottom of the valve, blow in and put a bit of pressure on the pillow and it should seal up just from back pressure. pretty smart idea in my opinion - it'll be great for traveling however i don't think i'll put it in the hoodie maybe in my backpack."
huh, it appears that baubax has deleted my previous comment. after being delayed for 7 months it now looks like my jackets could arrive during the 1 week i will be away. emails to support to find out if they are being sent by post or by courier have received conflicting responses, first they had been picked up and were awaiting scanning, then they were not picked up. also no response to what happens if there is no one to receive them and they get sent back to baubax, how will i get my jackets? will i get a refund? and no way to change the shipping address at this point. why so stingy with information? i know you are probably fielding thousands of emails, but if you were better at keeping everyone up to date you wouldn't have so many of them, and if you answered all my questions at once, then i wouldn't be pestering you with even more emails. can someone please give me more information?
received my 3xl bomber and sweatshirt today in kentucky. i followed the sizing chart and they're both too small. the gloves were in bad shape, one had a hole in the palm. the inflatable neck pillow in the bomber doesn't work. it seems like the valve is loose. the overall quality seems very good, but are way off size.
still waiting here in tampa, florida...
finally received my pack of 5 today in los angeles, as well as 2 extra sweatshirts at no extra cost! guess baubax can try and email me to get those back and i may just respond with a candid reply. the sweatshirt was fun to try out, all was great with the exception of wearing the hood without the eye mask, feels a bit weird. all in all i was happy with the purchase (and disgusted with the communication). thanks baubax for the 2 extra sweatshirts!
still jacketless in alabama
received my bomber and sweatshirt today. very pleased with the products. bomber fits incredibly well. great material. haven't tried the sweatshirt as it's a gift and also a ladies. well done, guys and thanks
any updates on shipping, eta, for az backers? thank you.
got my tracking monday and my bomber arrived today in portland, or. i'm impressed with it, it's actually better than i was expecting! fits like a glove, is comfortable, looks slick. now i just gotta find like a manual or something to figure out how to use all this stuff on it...
finally got mine, nj backer. no tracking or notice,  usps just delivered it this afternoon
future idea - offer the women's in a bit longer style. both windbreaker and bomber hit just between my waist and hips. while i can make it work for the most part, when seated and bending over, there will be a gap.
got both my bomber and windbreaker, women's xxl (usually a xl shirt with large chest) and they fit perfectly. so glad i backed this and thank you guys immensely!
alameda, norcal here. got my bomber jacket size m. it looks great and has a good fit.
new york, new york here.  i received a shipping notification two days ago and received both the jacket and bomber today.  they both look great and fit well.
halifax, canada: i got my shipping notification on march 25 and the tracking information hasn't been updated since. shipper confirmed it never received my package. baubax hasn't responded since i forwarded that information. beyond unhelpful.
new york, brooklyn: got my shipment today for 1 blazer and 1 bomber, 2 pairs of gloves and 2 water bottle. there was no shipping notification. both jackets fit nicely... looks great.
vancouver, canada: got my shipment notice today for the 2 bombers and 2 sweatshirts, as well as the blanket, 2 pairs of gloves and the waterbottle.
just received my sweatshirt - vancouver, canada. did not receive any sort of shipping notification or even a simple tracking number for reference. had to pay about $38 cad in duties/taxes/fees. fit-wise, it is very much like how some backers have described it: a hoodie with an awkward hood and an abundance of pockets. i will probably be getting rid of the pillow. water bottle and gloves are completely negligible. quality of material and assembly is mediocre at best. i ordered a small male, and it fits me with no problem - i am probably the archetypal size at 5'10.5"/155lbs.
signed for fed ex package (no email) and got my 5 pack in everett, wa ~ very nice quality!   all 3 women's sizes were ordered one size larger than normal and it worked well for the bombers.  the medium women's sweatshirt fits like a small, but it will work.  the men's medium blue windbreaker and medium black bomber are both too tight.  these will need to be exchanged for large.  anyone in the seattle, everett, bellevue areas want to buy or exchange?
@ josh o'brien - there are no caps on the pillow valve. the flap/seal that holds the air in may be pushed back out of sight. it was on my pillow. i had to use my finger to pull it forward so that it would close over the opening. i could not get air to stay in at first. but i tried again this morning after reading the following from imee cong: you need to seal your lips around the inside of the entire airhole and use all the air in your lungs to inflate it. inflating it too slowly will cause the air to leak out as the air pressure inside will not be enough to hold the seal in place.
@ amanda - if you are lucky enough to get a tracking number notice in advance, immediately contact the carrier to request a re-direct of the delivery. it might cost some more. a lot of u.s. backers are getting theirs via the u.s. post office. i am not sure if they will forward packages. i assume you gave a forwarding address to the post office.
@ sandy - you beat me. i see you have already gone to the swap group. good luck.
@ sandy - re: wrong sized jackets unfortunately, you are not alone. check out the following fb group. i have alreadty used it to find a replacement for my daughter's windbreaker that is too small. swap group which is slowly growing but will become more effective as it grows here (also a pinned post for those who requested tall sizes): https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
@ jamie w. w. - and i am sure you could fit a drink can into the right outside pocket.
@ cheron bruce - your comment about your medium bomber fitting well (you are 5'7"-160 lbs) is interesting. of course, you got a men's medium bomber. my wife (5'8"-140 lbs) tried on her women's medium bomber and she could not even zip it it was so tight. see comment to sandy below. @ sandy d. - your xxl is more like a large. see comment to cheron above. clearly, there is a systematic, wide-spread problem with many jacket sizes, especially for women. i have acknowledged that some people probably misjudged their size, but the jackets are so obviously undersized for too many people to be an isolated accident.
hi, we haven't received our jackets yet, and just moved to a new address. how do i remedy the issue of shipping the jackets to the correct address? thanks.
got mine today (virginia) fits great. the stylus/pen is a clip on to the actual zipper.
anyone else get pillows missing caps or valves?  both of my jackets are.
any people with breasts finding the top pockets to be awkward when you put a photo passport in them?
yesterday i received notice that my order (5 jackets, various styles) was with fedex ground to west coast canada. when i checked tracking today, i see: 8:11 pm	returning package to shipper		henderson, nv unable to deliver shipment - returning to shipper 5:57 pm	arrived at fedex location		henderson, nv more waiting, i guess.
@sandy, they won't give you a refund my friend. they are rude, dismissive and you can't reason with them as they don't read people's specific complaints properly. in baubax's world, the customer is always wrong.
when i put in my order i followed your sizing chart even though i was a little miffed about being declared an xxl instead of an xl.  today i received my order in xxl as stated on the product.  it was not even close to an xxl it was a m to a l size.  doesn't even come close to fitting.  i require a refund since your largest size doesn't come close to fitting me.  so not only did i pay $229 plus shipping, i had to pay $80 for taxes for two coats that don't fit.  how could your measurements have been so far off?
my five sweatshirts came today. i had gotten them for christmas gifts....but you know the story. anyway, i tried mine on and was very pleased. i had been concerned since many are saying they run small. i am normally a women's xl and have a very large belly due to a medical condition (think 7-8 months pregnant size) the xl fit a tad snug in the waist, but so does everything else i try on. it's not them, it's me.  ;)  everything else fit perfectly. i am able to zip it and i think it will stretch to be a good fit on me. i'm happy with the features. i agree the pillow is heavy but i don't find it too heavy to wear. if i'm not traveling i'll probably leave it at home but when i am traveling it should be fine. i like the hand warmers in the sleeves. the gloves are ok....really they needed to either not make them at all, or make them the same as normal gloves. they fit me alright, but if i'm going to carry gloves i'll carry gloves, not half gloves with only one purpose. i find the hood just fine and usable the way it is, and i really like the eye shades. almost everything works well and the quality seems good to me. i am not a big fan of the blanket or the bottle. i've seen bottles like these at the 99c store and the blanket will be hard to carry because it doesn't fold flat like in the pictures. it also is more a scarf than a blanket because it is so thin. still, i'll probably take it on a flight and see how it goes. it was hard to get it back into its holder. all in all i'm happy with the product. i hope my family likes their christmas gifts that they are getting in april. i had predicted june so i'm ahead of what i had thought.  good luck to you all in getting yours.
received my jacket today!!!! it is awesome!!! ordered the black bomber in size medium and it fits well (i'm 5'7" and ~160 lbs.). it took about 8 days from receiving my tracking number to receiving it in raleigh, nc from nevada where they shipped from. good quality jacket that definitely seems worth the money spent. would have been nice to receive sooner since the weather is now warm, but i'm just glad to have gotten a good product. i learned from the coolest that i ordered that delays are just a part of kickstarter life. overall, great job team baubax! next time, just keep people more "in the loop" on your shipping timelines. thanks!
anybody on the west coast getting their jackets yet?  i'm in hawaii and had previously backed a kickstarter program with positive results but this shipment to people who were later than me (no. 6853) is ridiculous.
@ derpasaurus - regarding the exchange policy - or lack thereof. i made the observation earlier that i suspect we won't see any policy or procedure details until most of the jackets are shipped and they see what the demand is going to be. so it will probably be a few more weeks at best before we see the exchange procedures. will they have enough jackets to handle all the requests? i'm not sure they will. will they have to depend on returned jackets to help cover exchanges? quite likely. will they be able to meet the demands? i doubt it. almost everyone wants to go up a size, not down a size. some people might have to accept two sizes larger. others simply will not be able to get a match if there are not enough in stock or in returns.
new york - i finally received a tracking number. doesn't show up on the fedex site yet. still no idea when i'm getting these (2 sweatshirts). hopefully soon.
got mine in pa today.  no tracking number or indication of any kind other than fedex delivery notification.
@derpasaurus, it's not a week, it's "a week or two". which is baubax-speak for 'maybe it's shipped and we haven't been bothered to check, maybe four weeks but essentially we don't care and we're busy selling into retail' the complicated processing makes me laugh. anyone would think they had a team of engineers constructing a complicated component, rather than simply an unskilled individual throwing a jacket in a box.
i was trying to contact them through the "messages" feature of kickstarter...sent 4 messages that way all of which were ignored.  finally this morning i emailed support@baubax.com and asked for a reply by thursday 5 pm.  i received a reply this afternoon: "your order is in transit here is the tracking number #redacted# thru fedex. scheduled delivery: wed 4/06/2016 by end of day." looks like i should have my jackets today.
i should also mention that my email to baubax stated my issues with the tall sizing (which was why i was asking for an update on exchanges) and i just realized they glazed right over that as well.
earlier to day i emailed baubax support simply asking when we would get an update on the exchange process. i order a tall size, now i know i won't get a tall size, and the chances of this jacket fitting are pretty low - when it gets here (east coast). they replied within a few hours with this: "thank you for writing to us. i would like to start by saying how sorry we are that you don't already have your order. this has been a long and difficult process for us as we are a new startup and there are many problems that we did not foresee. we understand your frustration and are doing everything we can to get your order out as fast as we can while making sure you are getting the correct order. we can confirm that your order has reached the warehouse. but since we have such a high volume of orders to be processed it is difficult to provide an exact date when your order will be processed and dispatched from our warehouse. although as soon as it is you will get an email with all the tracking information and carrier contact information. we are thankful for your support and request you to please give us a little more time and your jacket will be delivered at your doorstep as quickly as we can." then two minutes later, they followed up with this: "sorry about the last email. your order just queued up. your order is being processed you should receive a tracking number within a week or two from this email." nothing about exchanges except for the initial canned response i received upon sending the email. so now that my order has "just queued", i only have to wait another week (minimum) according to them, to get my tracking number. i've been pretty laid back about this whole thing until now. they can have that one week. if i don't get a tracking number by the time that week is up, i will be disputing the charge to my credit card. if a package shows up at my house after that, i'll write "return to sender" right across the top and drop it at the closest post office. i'm done.
still no jacket. wtf?
i find the most unbelievable and infuriating thing about all this is that retailers were sent jackets before backers. bauxbax you bunch of dumb @unts.
anybody from pa get theirs?
still nothing in nj ordered all 4 styles. no tracking number to speak of.
received pack of 4 sweaters in miami yesterday. no tracking number.
received my bombers in chicago yesterday. te be completely honest, pleasantly surprised with quality. the jackets are well constructed, and looking at the diagram all the pockets are there as advertised. i was concerned with sizing given all the comments but did not have any issues. i'm 6'2", my wife is 5'8" and we fit our l and s jackets great. it's definitely an athletic/slim fit, but that's all the rage these days isn't it? wore it to the office in the rain this morning and the waterproofing is pretty good. a few complaints - the pillow definitely can't be kept in the hood - it makes it too heavy. the extra gloves were poor quality and went in the trash immediately. i also wish there was a button that kept the eye shade back - it's hard to wear the hood without the shade coming over my eyes. the wait was an annoyance, but i've backed enough projects here to know that you just have to be patient. i'm satisfied with the purchase.
well, i finally got my jacket . its been a thrill ride my peeps
it was too long but i received my merchandise. 4 month later.
review your jacket and seek helpful advice about numerous issues here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ swap group which is slowly growing but will become more effective as it grows here (also a pinned post for those who requested tall sizes):  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/ just for the fun of it here:  https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/…
just wanted to chime in regarding sizing being small, to those having said that we should have known manufacturing would happen in asia and therefore ordered up accordingly in the first place: this campaign was represented as happening out of a chicago-based company. chicago is not known for a particularly petite population. in addition, most backers are us-based. i think fault for the widespread feeling of the sizing being off is again clearly on baubax.
received my sweatshirt jacket late last week (chicago area).  first impressions, seems heavy even without the pillow in the hood, the placement of the sleeping cover, either it is too short or put in wrong, always wants to come down when i put up the hood. will be considering putting in velcro spots to have it stay up.   pillow works, like the back pressure design, but will put it in my back pack for storage. hand covers seem long and always have to tuck them back in after putting on the jacket.  traveling in a month and will give it a full tryout.
re: too-small jackets i looked over the postings on kat's fb swap group page. also, looking though posts here for the past day. it's clear that no one is getting a jacket that is too large. some people say their jackets fit, but more people are now reporting that their jackets are too small. of course, some of this could be that people misjudged what size they needed. but i think there is a very clear argument that many of the jackets are mis-sized or they really are made smaller than standard. as i described in my review of my xl windbreaker monday night, the girth or width is considerably smaller than that of my xl northface windbreaker. sleeves tend to be very narrow also, creating problems for anyone with a few muscles in their arms. the windbreaker is labeled as an xl, but it really is a large by any other standard. my point is that almost everyone wanting to swap wants to move up in size. almost no one wants to go down in size. there will not be enough larger size jackets in the pool to accommodate everyone. both my daughter's and my wife's medium bombers are too small. in hindsight, i should have ordered larges for them. if anyone has a large women's bomber they want to sell, please go to https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/ and post a comment there. thanks
@ elton lau yes i did receive it and i think its horrible. we paid this much for the quality..... the pillow is not even functional like the way it is on the video, its bulky and heavy to wear around in your hood... honestly looks like they stitched a long sleeve shirt inside and made pockets..... you are going to get charged so much when you pick up those 5, customs is nuts.... 240$ canadian for one sweater is insane
@ elton lau ...... yes i  recieved the tracking number first im in aurora... then dhl dropped off at post office... good luck with the cod on 5 items from fauxbax.... cod charge was $61. for one sweater..... wasteeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
@daniel breiner - i'm having the exact same problem. which is why i am here and read your post.
@ imee cong, @ rolts - thanks for the pillow tips. i had figured out that the internal flap/seal was bent back. i had pulled it out, but i could not get air to stay in. i assumed it needed pressure inside to seal. this morning, following imee's suggestion, i was able to get air to stay inside. i'm not sure what i did differently this time. but i made sure i had my mouth full around the valve and blew as hard as i could. it worked. now i am waiting to see how long the air stays inside.
eu, germany, berlin here. got an email from baubax yesterday that two windbreakers (women l and men xl) were dispatched from hongkong. in fact, a letter from the customs had arrived wednesday last week telling me that taxes and duties (cod) had to be paid before handing out the jackets. following the tracking number, i found out that the package had been shipped 14th of march from hong kong and was waiting from 23rd of march in berlin. customs took 83,12 eur for cod, which is more than disappointing as ordering from ebags.com would have come in cheaper. this is a real problem and imho kickstarter is in charge solving it, at least providing adequate information regarding taxes when shipping outside the us. regarding the jackets: i recognized a strong plastic smell which normally is an indicator of poor fabric quality (plastic should not smell at all), like cheap plastic toys from china i always refuse to buy. seems that "microfiber cloth" doesn't apply to the windbreaker. it's made out of 100 polyester. cheapo. the xl jacket fits ok on the torso but the sleevels are ways to long - nb i normally buy my business shirts w/ extra long sleeves. the pillow itself can easily be inflated and also be made small. but it's absolutely unclear to me how to put it back into the hoodie. the gloves (size m and l, not l and xl like the windbreakers) are for really tiny hands and not useable. like w/ other kickstarter campaigns: great idea, bad execution. plus this horrible communication, baubax is a failure in my eyes.
hi, i got my jacket after 3 days of waiting since it was arrived in my town. just share some info, for anyone needed: 1. the jacket was sent from hk on march 15th, but i had not received tracking number till 24th. then it took only 4 days to come to my country (vietnam), but it needed 2 more weeks to get into my city, on april 1st. so if your jacket hasn't come yet, be patient, 'cause maybe your country provider's process need more time than you think. and anyone who hasn't received anything yet, more patient or refund immediately. 2. about tax, i paid about 35$ for vat and import tax, plus 1$ for service. the price on the paper is 99$ (mine is a windbreaker). the taxes maybe different between countries. 3. about the jacket, my first impression is that it was made from good fabric (no water test yet). secondly, it fits me well, although i have some belly fat down there (size m). the glove didn't cover all my palm, but it can be fixed with the one inside the sleeve. baubax really need a instruction video, 'cause it took me a while to figure out how to attach the pillow. i will test more in my may trip. now i'm very comfortable about the jacket, except the late delivery. hoang.
totally agree with @daniel breiner but i have sent messages and not received anything. the last project that was delayed due to patent issues i have received and that was delayed nearly 18 months. but during those 18 months with the issues the company explained and answered all queries even provided up to dates of when i should expect my watch (solar powered) they even gave me an extra accessories free as a way of apologising for the extremely long wait. but baubax have the audacity to respond to anyone! just shows you how bad a company they are, even fb pages mocking them! they've only just started and have such a bad reputation! its shocking i've never ever before had such bad customer service and experience!
mine also arrived yesterday - £75 of customs charges which doubles the price of the hoodie... as for the hoodie itself? very disappointing. awful fit. really long in the body and sleeves about the correct length for a gorilla. an absolute waste of money.
i bought this as a christmas gift - 6 months after expected delivery, 4 months after the holidays, and after jacket season, the jacket received is too small. i usually wear small and purchased mediums to allow for extra room and it is still too fitted, even just over a tank. i would like information on the exchange policy, and maybe better timelines about when i should even expect to receive it given the significant production delays.
i've tried to be patient and have refrained from posting a comment, but i just can't anymore.  i'm on the east coast of the us and there has been no updates on tracking or expected delivery date.   i understand that sometimes projects get delayed, and as disappointed as i as was, i could understand one or 2 months.  6 months and now pushing delivery out of jacket season is just unacceptable. what makes things worse is that i am a supply chain business analyst who worked 5+ years in apparel and sporting goods.  i have a lot of knowledge in sourcing jackets overseas and understand what it takes.  never were we 6 months behind schedule for a delivery.  this is just poor planning and understanding of their own business. the only thing that makes things worse to me, is the lack of communication from the company/customer service side of things.  i am 1 week away from contesting the charge and filing a formal complaint. it's a shame, this was such a great idea.
arrived yesterday. €100 extra costs to receive my jackets (belgium). that is 50% extra on top of my pledge... :-(( i cannot seem to attach the pillow on my jacket or sweater. what do i do wrong??
wow. i am so disappointed. i was content to wait patiently for my jacket (about which i have still heard nothing), knowing that there are often delays, but was still looking forward to it... but i just read someone's post that baubax only made the blazer in tall sizes!!  if i had suspected they were  going to do this i would never have backed in the first place. it's extremely shady that they didn't inform us of this (although their communication rate in general has been so abysmal that i'm not too surprised). but seriously, this combined with the change in sweatshirt material that they never announced? inexcusable. i was really looking forward to a jacket with sleeves that actually are long enough for a change.
@ran mayron: re; the pocket on the left side of the jacket. (wearer's left) on the exterior of the jacket is a zipped passport sized pocket. internally there is a zipped phone pocket, immediately behind the passport pocket.  hope this helps.
@andrea my dhl notice for delivery to canada now says it will be fulfilled by canada post. in my experience dhl often adds random fees to canada deliveries, if i have a choice i never choose them as a carrier. it does pay to question the fees if you do, i have had several reversed with a phone call.
great jacket but missing the chest pockets on the left ???  or have i missed an update or something?
finally receive mine, fit well, the hood kinda heavy with pillow inside, and the gloves seem like smaller than my hands.
i have received the blazer from indonesia. jacket is great. all the zipper works fine. the pen+stylus have glue mark but i can remove it easily. the only thing that i dont really like is the same with other members, the neck pillow is a good idea of how it works, but it is not a good place to put in the hoodie. maybe baubax need to give some video of how to pack them inside the hood
from shanghai, china... still no news or update on delivery or tracking info. how can i get in touch with customer service or shipment personnel? thanks!
from canada...... still no news or update on delivery.... where are my jackets???????????
hey ! i live in france and still haven't received any e-mail about my order shipping.  is that normal ?  thanks for your answer
finally got my bomber, italy here. the jacket is good, only some point disappointing : i had to remove the pillow in the hood, because it's not well placed in the hood and moving it makes the hood almost  impossible to wear. plus,always in the hood the cover, the eye cover is a band too soft and always goes over head while wearing the hood.  anyone else having these problems?
@patrick kirchner: re; the zips - outside the us the slider of the zips on men's jackets is often on the left, but not always.
@gina genese: re; "like what all the (seemingly) extraneous loops are for?" the loops are to loop your headphone cord through. there is also a larger loop attached to the glasses' pocket to use as a holder for your glasses. (pass one arm of the glasses through the loop.)
@ victoria oatis:  re; the zips - outside the us the slider of the zips on men's jackets is often on the left, but not always. re; the pillow not inflating - a comment posted by backer jason lee may help. "the neck pillow will not be going anywhere with me, the valve is the rubber seal on the inside - it stays shut using back pressure. reach your finger in and feel around for the valve (it might be bent over but its attached on the flat section of the inside of the valve). once you find it flip it back so it sits flush to the bottom of the valve, blow in and put a bit of pressure on the pillow and it should seal up just from back pressure. pretty smart idea in my opinion - it'll be great for traveling however i don't think i'll put it in the hoodie maybe in my backpack."
over in ny, just received my shipping email today that product is shipping from nevada complete with tracking number and everything. will report back once it has arrived
was told by support 2 weeks ago that my coat shipped. still haven't received tracking or coat.  you guys kind of suck.
here for my weekly does of vitriol. looks like the large jacket i ordered is not going to fit according to the other posts that also ordered large. so disappointing to know something like this, if it ever comes, isn't even going to fit. serves me right for buying any kind of clothing item from the internet...not to mention a kickstarter where they probably used a skinny asian man to determine sizes for north americans...lol. figures...and then to have to pay duty on top of that is just a kick in the nards when you're already down.
jackets showed up today. both the bomber and the blazer were too small for me (i'm traditionally an xlt but need a xxlt, apparently. also, the zipper on the bomber is on the wrong side (traditionally, men's zipper pulls are on the right and women's are on the left). everything is there, it would be nice if it fit. looks like i'll have to wait another god-knows-how-long. #surpriseme
my jackets arrived with a $66 cod at the post office, pretty disappointed with that, that's a lot!!!
are we ever going to get these jackets?
@gina genese, the loops are to hold the earphone cords (i got confused about those at first as well!) the water bottle is just a small gift. the gloves are meant to be used on top of the built-in half gloves. you can use your touch-screen gadgets even with it on, which is kinda cool. although the material is pretty crappy.
@jennifer su, you need to seal your lips around the inside of the entire airhole and use all the air in your lungs to inflate it. inflating it too slowly will cause the air to leak out as the air pressure inside will not be enough to hold the seal in place.
just got mine in boston, 2 bombers (1 men's 1 womem's). they are both half size too small but don't what to waste another ? months for exchange. the jacket's quality is good, but not so much for the accessories especially the "finger cover"=cheap and short gloves! however...anyone knows how to use/inflate the pillow? doesn't seem to be able to blow in all the air it needs in 2 seconds!
hey there baubax, here's my daily comment and complaint that you bags of terds haven't communicated in a month, haven't shipped to florida or the se that i can tell, and in general ran the worst kickstarter campaign in history. you suck! thieves in the night you are from my standpoint. will be happy to keep posting each day. amazing that i have communicated, albeit negatively, better than you joke of a startup fashion company
forgot to add, got xl as a precaution (usually wear l) and it just fits.
north jersey/bergen county received my jackets today!!! never got an email and the package came fedex. mostly satisfied, love the quality of the jacket. a bit confused about some of the features. liike what all the (seemingly) extraneous loops are for,  where the headphones are supposed to go and what i'm supposed to do with the "free" water bottle and gloves?? i'm traveling next week and i hope this jacket is worth the wait!!
i just received my two jackets. finally. however, my husband's is a men's large but the zipper is on the wrong side and it is very snug on him.  mine doesn't fit me at all, although all of our other jackets in the same size fit each of us just fine.  my neck pillow won't inflate.  total letdown.  normally i would go for an exchange but since these were six months late and a disappointment, i would much rather a refund.
ok thanks, kat! dhl said that i should be getting my jackets on or before april 12.
just got ours today! my husband's fits perfectly, but mine doesn't fit at all now that i'm 7 months pregnant!! hopefully next year my blazer will fit. great quality, love the design, wish it had come with a diagram in the packaging for all the pockets...will just have to go online to figure it out!
andrea, as best as i understand it the "collect" is for the duties/taxes and the $10 fee is for dhl clearing it through customs.
hai baubax.admin... you sent my jacket to wrong address, i am in indonesia. why u sent jacket to india, i email you and never get good respon. please solve this problem, you know i will never get my jacket.
for canadian backers getting their packages from dhl: ok, so i tried emailing dhl to ask about self-clearing my package to avoid paying additional fees. here's the response i got. "thank you for contacting dhl ecommerce. all canada packages that are shipped as “collect” duties and taxes (cod) are assessed a service charge of 10 cad in addition to any duties and taxes that are due to cover the cost of collection and administration fees." so what does it mean that it was shipped "collect" i thought i already paid the shipping fees with my order. i get that i have to pay tax, just not sure of the other fees incurred. what do you guys think? thanks!
got my bomber and blazer in ny; didn't get a tracking number but came home to find the box outside. both fit great!
on the plus side, i got shipping info. downside, it has been sitting at dhl since apr 4 @11am with no updates. is tue apr 5th a holiday in the states? lol not impressed as i'm also pretty sure i'm getting a huge import fee. hopefully the jackets will at least fit nice. what a bummer. both kickstarters i've backed were shady. the other were for sunglasses, but i didn't realize they were already an existing company with products. isn't kickstarter for startups? for fun, check out shittykickstarters on reddit. we can add there and the internet hive will descend upon them!
@jess thetip  why not join the group?  you can certainly comment then.  and if you don't wish to join, have a look at the pinned post at the very top where we've addressed the tall sizing issue and recourse.  thanks for the thanks but i'm not doing it alone.  the group are an amazing bunch of people who are working together and the co-admin is tirelessly working in the background.  you all know me by now.  i'm the noisy one doing most of the posting.
i got my hoodie and blazer today - confused as to whether or not i cut the strings holding the tail on the blazer together - probably but overall i like it. a bit confusing at first and my hoodie "eye mask" doesn't fold up very well to make it look like a normal shaped hoodie but overall it functions and will strictly be used for traveling. the blazer though i like a lot and will be used for going out on these brisker nights. the neck pillow will not be going anywhere with me, the valve is the rubber seal on the inside - it stays shut using back pressure. reach your finger in and feel around for the valve (it might be bent over but its attached on the flat section of the inside of the valve). once you find it flip it back so it sits flush to the bottom of the valve, blow in and put a bit of pressure on the pillow and it should seal up just from back pressure. pretty smart idea in my opinion - it'll be great for traveling however i don't think i'll put it in the hoodie maybe in my backpack. i haven't checked out the water bottles or these "gloves" they supplied with it. the zippers are really smooth, the blazer hoodie takes some getting used to on how to remove it up top but overall simple design. i'm 5ft 6inches and the blazer is a tad bit long for me but i'm not designer clothes guy.  i'm content with the purchase - i've sat through kickstarters that have taken longer with less communication. the zipper pen is cool but overtime i forsee it falling out on its own as the metal wears down.
my jacket did not come with a valve cover for the neckpillow. did yours?
i believe you're right owen, kat posted below that there is no evidence of tall sizes being made besides the blazer, now i just need to know if "return to sender" will work as i haven't opened the package.
@jess thetip: i'm pretty sure that someone said they had ended up being told that no tall sizes were made except for the blazer. i'm not 100% sure on that, as it was quite sometime ago.
@ kat, thank you so much for staying on top of all this, i can't comment on your fb page, but i was supposed to receive a "tall" and my shipping bill just listed xl. baubax sucks.... i'm wondering if the problems with  regular (not tall) sizing are due to baubax having used asian sizing charts as opposed to us sizing during manufacture. from ordering on-line i've found "asian sizing" to be 1-4 times smaller than standard us sizing.
reviews which baubax cannot delete:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ north american swap group:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/ fauxbax a parody of baubax.  world's best travel jacket or world's worst business model?  you decide!:  https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
@irene foxx: as multiple people have said, this is one of those bad eggs. there are tons of well done campaigns. baubax really dropped the ball on communication, transparency with changes to the product, and blatant lies about backers getting their jackets before third party retailers. i'm not saying it's easy to pick the good ones, but there are many that have little to no errors through the entire process.
i'm in delaware and i received my bomber and sweatshirt, both women's size l today. there'd been an email with my shipping info sent a few days ago. sweatshirt fits great, though the neck pillow is really heavy so i probably won't use it unless i'm on a long trip. the bomber looked small when i took it out of the plastic; it was. with some sucking in, i could zip it. even so, the shoulders seemed odd to me. may not bother with exchanging it at this point; either hope i'll lose weight or give it to someone else. unless anyone here wants to trade?
if this project taught me anything it's never back a kickstarter campaign. 8 months and still nothing. seeing most reviews i feel that i'd rather get a refund than the jackets i ordered. extremely unprofessional work! i wonder if they remain in business at all after they ship to all backers
ohio. just bomber. still nothing.
received two bombers today in nyc. did not receive any shipping and was delivered to the wrong house a few streets over(thanks fedex) but thankfully the neighbor brought it over. i sent them two chaser emails one on 3/28 and another on 4/1. got relatively canned answers and asks for better answers. was told my jackets were in the warehouse.  the fit is perfect for me(fem size small, 5'3" 100-110lb), have not found any defects. the material is nice and heavy. nothing missing from the package. glad its finally over for me. good luck guys~ i've never commented but i've read a ton of the comments since i backed.
i received my bomber jacket which is women, m.  it is small and heavy.  my husband's jacket is male large, and he does not like it as it is too heavy.  i am trying to figure out how to exchange or return these jackets, but i could not find information on how to do it.
i just received my jackets (mens-xl and womens-2x) today (nj). both jackets are too small.  the mens jacket fits me better than the female jacket.  normally, i order an xl or 1x (estimating the size to be equal to a us16 or us18). the items do not fit.   i've waited so long and have paid so much for these jackets.  i need to get something that is wearable.
just received my jacket in boston, ma. i ordered an xs bomber black female and a m blazer for my boyfriend. this review is just for the bomber. - all my jackets are xs, i am a 5'6' 125 pound female but this jacket is too small. i'm not sure what sizing measurement they are going off, but based on all the comments, the chart they provided was off. -  quality is great, but does not wow me. i think i'm still frustrated at this whole lack of communication part from baubax. - although they specify on 15 features, there is really only a few with the pen, stylus, neck pillow and earphone. other parts are just glorified pockets. - jacket is very heavy, but i rather deal with the height than bad quality - the gloves they gave us were useless. - i'm never buying a clothing item on kickstarter again. although i do think it's a good jacket, i am too frustrated to bother exchanging for the size. 2 way shipping cost & i have to deal with baubax? no thank you. i'm just going to give it to my mother. i heard the sweater is good. i would want to buy a new one, but i never want to support baubax again.
on baubax's ceo (source: entrepreneur.com): "this guy goes to my school and he's definitely not smart. i've been in a group with him and he had zero value-add, was super unprofessional and inarticulate to boot."
baubax does so much on the sly, seemingly hoodwinking their customers and burying unpalatable news. ethics, principles, morals - these are not things they stand for.
@bruce:  while tall sizes are common for blazers, they are not ubiquitous for hoodies/windbreakers/bombers.  i certainly understand why they would change their mind.  if they were making changes to the sizing of the jackets (i.e. not making tall sizes), they should have given the opportunity for backers to re-pick their size. not communicating the change, and sending out ill-fitting jackets seems to be consistent with how baubax chooses to do business.
small update: baubax sent me the invoice but dhl is saying i can't self clear my package.
i never received tracking info on my order, but to my surprise i received my order (2 jackets) last friday! my boyfriend and i are loving them, the bomber jackets are perfect for this awkward cold spring weather.  we live in brooklyn, ny.  hope everyone receives their orders soon too!
got tracking order, been following it for a while. just got notified it was seized by law enforcement. it's either customs, or post office.  if you are a us customer watch out.
chicago backer here - ordered 2 bombers. received shipping notification on sunday and checking the fedex tracking they've been delivered to my apartment in the west loop. looking forward to checking them out after i leave the office today
i have yet to receive tracking information for my order, is there an email i can reach out to the company? thank you for your help
@bruce: might be by moose. and those things run rampant, never doing what they're supposed ot.
@ owen. i think they are shipping the canadian jackets by dog sled.
chicago backer here, just got my tracking number! ordered a single bomber.
re: missing tall jackets i suspect baubax did not make the tall jackets because they did not get enough orders for those sizes to justify making them. i can understand that. no business should make something there is little market for. but where they really messed up (there is another word for that but i can't use it here), is not telling us at the time orders were confirmed. of course, they didn't tell us because most of us would have wanted our money back. they took a gamble that people would not complain about the failure to get the tall jackets. we all consider that deception and fraud. however, to be somewhat objective, the only difference between a regular and a tall was the length which was about 1 to 1-1/2 inches longer and the sleeve was 1 inch longer. the chest size and other measures were about the same. a tall person, in theory, could wear a regular jacket. except for a couple of points. that extra inch in the sleeve length could make the difference in covering the wrist or not covering it. believe me, i know. i have bought shirts that missed the mark on reaching my wrists. for a woman who is what i call "long waisted," the extra inch in length might be the difference in covering her hips or not.
@bruce: i'm one of the people who guessed at what size to order...i will definitely see if my guestimate was right, or wrong, when i ever receive the blazer i ordered.
@ kat - thanks. i think our common objective, which you and others have started, is to try to help as many people possible get replacements for ill-fitting jackets. just read through this morning's posts. for every one where the backer got a good fitting jacket, there is someone whose jacket is too small. those have nothing to do with the missing tall jackets. it's clear that not all jackets meet the standard measurements we have come to expect for well-fitting garments. however, i am probably going to offend even more people than i did with the "fat" americans and europeans comment earlier. i suspect some people did not measure correctly. i also suspect some people underestimated their sizes. and i suspect some people might weigh more now than they did last year. i can say that because i am one of them. i have added 7-8 pounds and at least an inch in my stomach in the past 9 months. without that, my jacket would be a little looser. but we know from enough backers that many of the sizes tend to run small. i am not the only one to say that. also, i know some people got a "good" fit because they went up a size. they have said so here. so, while i think most of the ill-fitting jackets are due to manufacturing failures, a lot of them are due to us backers guessing or measuring wrong, and not assuming that baubax and the manufacturers would cut corners on sizing. i predict the next baubax failure will be their inability to accommodate all people wanting a different size - for whatever reason.
ps shipping said this was to arrive saturday 2nd, but it had a shipping update with a corrected delivery date of the 4th since the the original ship date was the 28th at 8pm but since wasn't in given to the shipper(ups) until 6pm on the 29th ps delivered to michigan address via usps
my blazer just arrived in size xxl, even tho it seems to fit like a rather "small xl" (note snug items do not make great travel items) please correct sizing for a more standard fit instead of this athletic fit in the future
really wish i had never supported this campaign. after waiting for months, multiple delays to the delivery estimate -- i now find that the jackets are available on ebags - for almost the same price! well!!
dear baubax, i have reached my limit on your poor business practices. it has now been 7 months since your project was successfully funded. your original delivery estimate is now delayed 5 months...with no end in sight. on a project of this magnitude, delays are expected and tolerated. however, your complete lack of communication with the financial backers that made your product possible is inexcusable. either you start communicating with me and my fellow baubax backers, or i will be forced to take action to rectify this apparent fraudulent activity.  additionally, i will become extremely proactive in sharing this option with other backers and encouraging them to follow suit. i am saddened that it has come to this, but your lack of communication leaves your backers with few options. i feel a weekly email or facebook post is a simple & fair request for those of us who enabled you to achieve your entrepreneurial goals. enough is enough. http://backersmanual.com/2014/03/16/legal-recourse-in-case-the-project-fails-to-deliver/ mark brown hayden, id
@bruce.  you are such a nice guy and have been thoroughly fair in your criticisms.  you've also remained optimistic throughout this process? ordeal? shitshow? what you suspect is true.  only blazers were made in tall sizes.  it doesn't affect just women's garments.  it is also true of men's garments. i have been hesitant to post this here until i felt i had cma with 100% certainty.  i, too, only suspected this.  now we know. i'm sorry to be the messenger.  we haven't always seen eye to eye but i never, ever wanted you to get anything other than something you'd be delighted with.
i received my jacket last friday. i'm actually impressed with it. it definitely met my expectations. i took measurements before selecting a size and my jacket is a perfect fit in every area. the sleeves are the right length and it's not too tight when zipped up, but also not baggy. as far as quality, the bomber is quite warm and feels to be well made using quality materials. it's much nicer that all of the cheap (~$50) coats i own.  the neck pillow, while surprisingly nice, doesn't fit well in the hood for storage and the coat itself is quite heavy with all the accessories included. i imagine i'll likely leave most of the things that can be taken off at home most of the time.  i was concerned about the color of the jacket, but in person i've found that it's nice and quite flattering. i expected the red color to be somewhat dull, but it really isn't. as far as timing, it would have been extraordinarily nice to have received this at the beginning of winter. not only are the coldest days over where i live, but i expect that due to some temporary changes in my body size (pregnancy) i won't be able to fit into the coat during early fall. i realize that many people are upset with baubax, but i think that all things considered, in particular the ~$10 million in orders, they did a good (not great) job of delivering the product they said they would, even if it was much later than anticipated.
@ anthony t - i'm glad you got your jackets. but i think it was just a coincidence that you got them after you contacted baubax. the 48-hour thing is a canned response that people have been getting for weeks now. the east coast shipper was delayed for at least two weeks in getting started. baubax has never said why.
has anyone in the pacific nw received theirs?
@ owen - what i am now concerned about is in a few weeks, baubax and shippers will say that all orders have been shipped. but there will still be at least a few backers who will have not gotten a notification or their jackets. some of it will be address or delivery problems. my daughter ordered some items from a major department store online in february. the post office just delivered them last week, two months after they were shipped. but i suspect a few people will be lost in the system. i know baubax tried to correct those "blanket only" order screw-ups last year. but i bet there will be a few people who have order confirmation e-mails who will not get their jackets. either baubax, the manufacturers or the shippers will have messed up somewhere along the line.
anyone in chicago or chicago area received there bombers? i am so beyond over this, kickstarter - they also tricked you into giving them the opportunity on your platform.
just received my pack of 2 sweatshirts today overall i am pleased with the initial quality and design of the jacket it is definitely a sweatshirt for colder weather as it feels a little bulky i'll be it i'm sure some of that weight is the neck pillow. will be good here as i live on the east coast where we get more cold months then warm. to those on the east coast i'd like to say they definitely are being shipped out and if you have still yet to receive you're i would contact baubax support via email. i did and received a response within 2-3 days and they said i would receive a shipping notice within the next 48 hours and sure enough within the next 24 hours i had a fedex order notice for my sweatshirts so for those of you yet to receive yours hang in there. don't let this experience turn you away from kickstarter a lot of these projects suffer delays and such and while i'll admit in terms of overall transparency this project was one of the worst i've experienced compared to others where i literally receive a kickstarter update every time they hire somebody new. i am willing to forgive this because at least i did receive what i was promised it may not have come when i expected it to but i'll get over it. i hope you all receive and love your sweatshirts like i do!
re "slim fit" xl jackets @ cornelius (8 hours ago) - he confirmed what i had said last night about the xl windbreaker i received. it was sized more like a large rather than extra-large (except for the sleeves which were more like xxltall in length, not width). forgive me if i am offending anyone, but the fact is that americans, and maybe europeans, tend to be a little heavier than asians. but the chinese manufacturers must have assume that all jackets were being made for asians. thus, they assumed no man would have a waist bigger than 34".
re: exchange policy or lack thereof we know several weeks ago baubax said they would put out something in 2-3 weeks. well overdue now. i think what they are doing is waiting until all the orders have been shipped (and hopefully delivered) so they can see how many jackets they have left and how many people will have contacted them about exchanges. if i am correct, it will be several more weeks before we hear anything definite about exchanges. the bigger concern i have is whether they will have enough jackets, even with those returned to fill all exchange requests. if more people want bigger jackets than want smaller jackets, some people are going to get left out. and some of us now believe that baubax may not have made tall sizes for the bombers, windbreakers and sweatshirts, especially for women if not men also.
@bruce gilliland: it was more for when the final jacket gets sent out(to the complete expense of baubax)
@ owen, @ alex - you can stop after 2016. i doubt baubax will be around after this year.
i still have never received my jacket. can't get anyone to tell me where it is.
@agnes chandra  don't know where you're located but n.american swap group can be found here.  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
anyone interested to buy or switch baubax sweatshirt or blazer?
disappointed!! just got mine today. will never ever buy from baubax anymore
also... very important news and avenues of recourse for those who ordered tall sizes. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
@owen thanks...seems there are some complaints but there are also lots of people who love theirs. i guess i'll know when i get them. i am just hoping my 5 don't get dinged too much customs fees =(
@elton: there was one person from calgary that i saw got theirs, but i haven't received tracking or a jacket(i'm also in calgary).
@oliver - so you got yours? i ordered 5 and am in richmond hill, no tracking or anything yet.
2015-18: a jacket odyssey
@alex jarman: you forgot 2018.
well  its kinda chilly today here in virginia. oh i wish i had a good jacket to keep me warm
the ever grateful and transparent baubax is, as always, busy with their heads down so they can concentrate with a laser focus on deleting negative reviews from their facebook page. as an alternative, you can visit us here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ where all reviews are welcome and none will be deleted. and, apparently, you can leave a review on ebags.com without having purchased from there.  that would be relevant since they are running an event there for the second time making this the fourth retail event where buyers will see product ahead of backers.
walmart!!!! has better sweaters, i want a refund..... the world's worst travel jacket in the world! biggest waste of money, not even a luxury sweater for this price, i paid over $240 canadian after all the conversion rates ...... toronto backer
got mine! husband and i got bombers, he got a blazer and i got a sweater too. the jackets are thick and warm. zippers work great, fits perfectly! very happy with the product!
biggest regret of 2015/2016/2017
biggest regret of 2015/2016.
still no tracking info. this is sad.
well....this sucks! still nothing. can i get a refund?
8 months. and stilling nothing.
tracking received monday, arrived at doorstep on wednesday. gave me the wrong order size just like other people. what to do...
so after waiting half a year and spending $300, i am truly disappointed in the quality of the items i received. my neck pillow wasn't even attached...fell right off. the stitching isn't impressive at all..i should have sticked to a normal jacket and not waste my time or money.
hmmm, looks like  baubax have basically copied these guys and doubled the price http://www.scottevest.com
@chris s.  totally love your sense of humor, and that is 1-2 sizes down for weightloss.
so after paying $300 to support this campaign, and waiting 8 months, i've just received notification that i have to pay another £80 (another $114) in charges to collect my parcel. that is infuriating.  if, after reading all these comments, i find out tomorrow when the hoody and blazer are delivered that they don't fit due to these weird sizing issues everyone is having, i'm going to be even more annoyed - i might as well have thrown $400 down the toilet instead.
hi..i just got my jackets in indonesia, thanks baubax ! but i haven't try it yet, affraid of the size. maybe your order is on the way too...so just a bit patien guys..
when
i think all kickstarter backers jackets have already been shipped, i just received my blazer today and i also received an e-mail that my other jacket (that i ordered on indiegogo as i was too late to add-on extra jackets here) has been shipped today. so whether you've received your tracking or not, it may already be on the way.
what a waste of money! xl jacket and xl sweatshirt way too small. i could barely stretch my arms out in front of me the jacket was so tight (and this was with only a t-shirt on underneath. i asked where to return it. got an e-mail back stating that i could exchange them and to keep them in bags w/tags attached; more info to follow. next e-mail said too bad your "pledge" was spent don't have funds to offer returns. what a scam! do not buy anything from these clowns.
i'm from the philippines. got the jacket yesterday and i was pretty happy. i got the sweatshirt. fits perfectly, the sizing chart was a good guide for me. pillow is working properly. pretty happy with the product.
i'm in hawaii and got my jackets today.  i was not sent a tracking number.  i'm just happy i finally got the jackets.  they seem well made and the fit was perfect for us.
@bruce gilliland yeah when / if mine comes in, i might act surprised and not mention the prompt service. :-)  #fearthemokeryofthewife
just re-posting this for fyi....    @jason doctor  ....  (forwarding from baubax) "we will share an instruction manual via updates on kickstarter very soon"   ....    (from chris) it will be interesting to see what other info and advertisements will be included.  maybe a weight loss / shrink ray so the jackets will fit? (humor)
ps. my pillow works. i can inflate it quickly and use it with no problems, the valve seals the air in. to deflate pushing the valve quickly deflates it. it is indeed a large opening to inflate and was confused at first, fortunately i have no issues with it, i actually like how quickly it works.
went to customs to pick up mine  today (costa rica). i was afraid of the fit after reading the comments, fortunately it fits perfectly. i am slim and tall, i can see someone with more muscle having troubles. i will probably only use the pillow for traveling since it is bulky and very heavy for everyday use. the gloves are very small and i will not be using them. the sweater is better than expected, especially after reading all the negative comments.
ps: when i showed the windbreaker to my wife and said it was a jacket i ordered last year, she said "last year?!" i said, "well it was a kickstarter project." she said, "last year?!" she was incredulous.
@bruce gilliland: thanks for the detailed report!
okay - the moment of truth. is the xl windbreaker i received acceptable since i ordered an xl tall? believe it or not, it is "acceptable." is it "great"? no. but it works - for the most part. in spite of my concerns and earlier statements, i could wear it as i will explain below. i will continue to seek to get my xlt that i ordered. i don't plan on giving up on that. baubax still is obligated to me for an xlt jacket. i will try to post some pictures tomorrow when i have more time. i am not a very good selfie taker. overall fit - the jacket has a "slim" fit even though it is an "xl". i believe a man with muscular arms would have trouble with the sleeve width. fortunately, for once, my slim arms come in handy. i laid the baubax jacket over my northface xlt windbreaker. the baubax jacket is just slightly shorter than the northface. the extra inch that the tall jacket was supposed to have would make the baubax at least as long, if not longer than, the northface. the baubax jacket is at least an inch narrower on each side compared with the northface jacket. so, the baubax jacket does not have as much room inside as the northface jacket. unless i lose the 7-8 pounds i have gained since i ordered the windbreaker last summer. i won't be able to wear a sweater under it in cold weather. (more about that later.) but the baubax jacket reaches down toward the bottom of my hips, at least 8 inches below my waist. (note, i am of the generation that wears their pants top and belt at the waist, not several inches below it.) a little longer jacket would be nice, and i expect to have it in the xlt jacket. the sleeves are interesting. with my arms hanging down, the sleeve cuffs reach well below my wrists, actually almost to my knuckles. the sleeves are actually too long. they are the length i would expect on a tall jacket. the built-in gloves reach over my palms and almost halfway down my fingers. zippers - so far, they work fine. i am still getting adjusted to the left-handed zipper. fortunately, the front, hand warmer pockets have zippers. that is a positive. those pockets are not very large or deep, but i can get my hands in there completely. the tablet pocket on the lower right is very roomy and has a zipper. the phone pocket on the inside upper left has a zipper. the top outside pockets have zippers as seen in the demo photos. i can't speak to long-term use, but they seem adequate in initial testing. i had no problems with the zippers on the pillow cover, but they are small and not intended for regular use. pockets - the "drink" pocket is useless for a canned drink, but it will certainly hold small items. as someone noted a while back, it is directly on top of the inside glasses pocket. for me, i would use the outside right pocket for my sunglasses, and keep other, small items in the inside pocket. i found that the cord that attaches the cleaning cloth can catch on your glasses and make them hard to get out. there is a loop at the top of the inside right pocket that can be used to hang items from, but i'm not sure how i would use it. the left outside, or passport, pocket is too small for my 5-inch phone. i don't have a passport, but i suspect one would fit. again, it could be used for small items. the phone pocket has more than enough room for my 5-inch android phone with small case. phones like the iphone 6s plus or the samsung galaxy edge might be a little tight. the tablet or ipad pocket is roomy. others have noted that it could hold one of the smaller tablet folders or keyboards. when i put my ipad in the pocket, the back corner tended to drop slightly below the bottom line of the jacket. but it was not too obvious. on the inside left bottom are the blanket pocket and the "phone charger" pocket. i was able to slide the rolled up blanket into its pocket with no problem. note: i have not unfolded the blanket yet. i have read where people could not figure out how to refold it the way it started. i put a fairly large charging pack in its pocket with no problem. it is fairly deep. however, there is no hole into the phone pocket other than to use the main zipper access to the phone pocket. if your charging cable is long enough, you can plug it into the phone and zip up the zipper part of the way so the phone is still protected. when i filled up all the pockets with their intended items, and zipped up the jacket, i could see some bulk, but it was not as obvious as i thought it would be. maybe the black color was "slimming." pillow - ah, the infamous pillow. the one i got appears to have the large round opening others have described. inside it appears to be a flapper or one-way valve or cover. i think the idea is that it opens when you blow air in, and then seals to keep that air in. however, no matter how many times i tried, i could never get air to stay in the pillow. as soon as i quit blowing, the air came out. the valve would not seal. so, for now, the pillow is useless to me. even if i could keep air in it, i don't see how i could inflate it when it is inside the flap cover in the back of the hood. i won't try to address the issue of comfort with the pillow inside the hood as others have done unless i can get a pillow that works, or i can figure out how to keep air in this one. pen/stylus - the pen works fine. however, it is necessary to pull the small plastic (or wax) cover off the tip before using the pen for the first time. this seal keeps the pen from drying out while in storage. three pen refills were in the passport pocket.  the stylus worked well on my phone. screen. i have not tried "writing" with it. gloves - i described the built-in gloves earlier. it takes a few seconds to push them back into the sleeves. they don't look too bad like that. someone described pulling the sleeves part of the way up the arms and then pulling them down again to force the gloves inside the sleeves. i tried this, but the slim fit of the sleeves made this difficult to do on my windbreaker. the half-scoop gloves i received were listed as "large" size gloves. now, i have slim hands and fingers, so what i say here might not be true for others. the gloves came up to the upper thumb joint near the wrist, essentially covering almost all of my hand. combined with the built-in gloves, my hands would be completely covered. yes, they are thin, but they are not intended for extended wear outside in cold weather. however, they would certainly come in handy if you forgot your regular gloves. i could operate my phone with them on, but it took some pressure to get the phone screen to respond sometimes. hood/mask - i thought the hood did a good job of covering my head and face. the hood does not have a bill on it like some of my other rain jackets. i typically wear a cap in rainy weather along with the hood. with the draw stings pulled, the hood formed a tight fit around my face, exposing only the front of my face. the mask tended to stay up when i pulled the hood over my head. i did not experience the mask falling down as some others have reported. however, when i pulled the mask down, it reached to below my nose. i see where i could have trouble breathing. yes i could see out the bottom of it. but it would certainly block out any overhead lights. earphone guides - there are five elastic loops around the back top of the jacket. the top three keep the earphones in place. the lower loops on the left and right can be used to control the lower end of the earphone cable where it goes to the phone. (some people might want their phone or ipod/music player in the inside right pocket. if you use the earphones with your phone in the inside left pocket, you have to use the main zippered access. there is no special hole for the cable. like the charging cable, you can zip the zipper part of the way to keep the phone in the pocket. bottle - i did not open and test the water bottle. protection - the windbreaker comes with a lining, probably somewhat like that of the bomber. wearing it inside my house, i got really warm very quickly. it is definitely a cool weather jacket. i probably could get by without a sweater underneath as long as the temps were in the 50s f. i can't speak to the rain protection. i don't want to wear it outside until i have resolved the issue of the missing xlt jacket that i ordered. summary - the jacket is usable and i can wear it. given all the issues and problems others have reported about ill-fitting and wrong-sized jackets, i was expecting the worst when i saw i was not getting the tall jacket i ordered. however, the length is acceptable and the sleeve length is more than acceptable. being an extra-large, it should have a little more in the girth. baubax or the shipper still made a mistake in not shipping me the xlt jacket i ordered. regardless of how the xl jacket fits, i paid for an xlt, it was guaranteed to me in their confirmation, and i expect it.
i am in florida ,i finally got tracking number,i will get them on thursday !
backer 2,583.  men's  blazer.  chicago.  no news.  no jacket.  thoroughly enjoy reading comments on how pissed off everyone is - consider you my kindred spirits.  takes some sting out of not getting updates or jacket.
omg!  i got a shipping notification today. i nearly passed out!  hey maybe there is hope after all. i'm in central california, if that info helps anyone. good luck out there.
i leave for new zealand on thursday, emailed customer service for an update on the 29th and they said i'd have a tracking number within 48 hours, still nothing :(
@ owen, @ rolts - thanks. it's been a good day.
i haven't received any updates! i am going nuts!!
received tracking number. in central virginia. shipping from georgia.
@bruce gilliland; happy birthday. hope the jackets work out okay to complete your day. ˙ɹǝpun uʍop ɯoɹɟ sǝɥsıʍ ʇsǝq
finally received my jacket in seattle, wa. jackets are nice, comfy and warm, but if you wear a watch you'll be unhappy. avoid it, for sure. everything i own is a small, and the jackets (bomber and sweatshirt) both fit great. the gloves might be nice if you're really cold but they're quite uncomfortable to tuck away. thinking of cutting them off entirely, but i'm hardly a tailor so don't want to screw them up. any advice or thoughts from someone out there?
i don't remember answering anything in the survey about gloves....
recieved my jackets today was never sent the tracking number. fits awesome although my neck pillow doesnt seem to seal properly and deflates other is fine.
just received tracking information - jackets to be shipped to nyc
received two hoodies today in austin, tx.  didn't see a shipping notice but it may have gone to spam. mine was a medium and fit well
just confirming for the east coast (might have been said but lazy to scroll down) i live in nyc and i got my shipping notice. hopefully the rest will, check your spams as well. its been a long ride, but we are nearing the end of this tunnel guys... happy thoughts...
well, happy birthday bruce! enjoy your dinner.
maybe there is some good karma after all. this morning i got my shipping notice. this afternoon, my jackets arrived. today is my birthday. we are leaving shortly for my birthday dinner, so i will wait until tonight to try on the windbreaker. ps: they do make different size gloves. i assume the "large" size gloves are for me and the "small" size gloves go with my daughter's bomber.
any update on jacket delivery? still waiting...
@ owen - thanks for checking. and the sizing chart shows xlt for men's windbreakers among other tall sizes. and my order confirmation e-mails shows xlt. so, at best, the shipper messed up. at worst, they did not get enough tall orders and didn't make them. in have already sent an e-mail to support@baubax.com about this. i got their standard computer-generated e-mail. i will wait a day or two to see if i get a real response.
@ mark - don't count on a refund. baubax said last summer during they campaign they would not issue refunds, only exchanges, and those we would have to pay for. go back through today's comments and look for backer kat. in one of her posts, she gives the url to a facebook group set up for facilitating potential exchanges. your only other option will be to sell it online,m such as on ebay.
i dont even want my sweater anymore and still have not received it. any way i can get refunded?
@sweetlibrarian, the email was sitting in spam and came today. super helpful
i have been up and down now with baubax. i am on the east coast.  i complained and received an email from support on march 24th stating i should have my tracking number within 48 hours. still no tracking number as of april 4th. it is now back and forth apologizing for the delay, and telling me they about the issues they have run into. i am done with the complaining and excuses from them. there is no excuse for the lies!!!
@sweetlibrarian, thank you.  nyc is back to winter so i might actually get to wear.... should i ever get the jackets.
nicole - my shipping notice (eastern usa) came from support@baubax.com. i would recommend that anyone who is still waiting add it to their kickstarter email address contacts list so that it doesn't go to junk mail. after i received the notice, it took about a day and a half for the tracking number to actually display any information, which is common with fedex (but annoying because it appears to be an invalid # for the first day or so). it took another two days after that to receive the shipment. hope this helps those still waiting. i am enjoying my jackets, though i wish they had come when the weather was more consistently cool. but i will get use of them on spring nights and in the fall.
could someone please share the "from" for your shipping info?  ny backer, 2 jackets and zero communication or product. ty
@priscilla: question is though, are they supplying tom from the manufacturing locations, or from their own warehouses?
@owen i got a windbreaker from touch of modern and it came from what i am assuming is their warehouse in union city california and not from baubax's warehouse in nevada:
still no jacket, still no tracking info... us shipping address. what gives?
@jack: anything is possible, i mean, touch of modern has been shipping stuff out as well..probably from the same warehouses that baubax is using to ship(?) to us.
ny backer, got my tracking number and noticed, hey...it's coming in from las vegas nv. i'm guessing that means their warehouse on the east coast doesn't have enough stock?
just got my shipping notice. arriving via fedex to northern virginia, usa.
baubax..... you guys leave me beyond disappointed...... cod!!!!! at $61.00 i paid over $240 canadian for 1 sweater that i waited almost a year for, are you kidding me!!!!...... i could of bought how many sweaters with this or even make it myself for that price.... quality of you sweater is not even that great.  thanks for wasting my time and money!!!!! this is not the best travel jacket.....  very unhappy customer.... next time mention there is cash on demand next time...... all shipping fees included ,,,, yea right
i do believe you are right @kat
@alex  easy...  they sit on product to ensure they can fulfill retail orders at the expense of backers.
very disappointed that baubax did not highlight the 40% tax and custom fee into eu! that's a whooping 160 eur more for me! unhappy customer! #baubax is not the world's best travel jacket!
how can they not have sent out jackets to all the hong kong backers? the jackets have been there since january. they paid a premium $20 postage (earning baubax a nice little mark-up) and in return *the least* they could expect is to get it before everyone else. there's incompetence and then there's baubax.
hk backer still  have not receive  any shipping notification~!!!!!   would  you pls say something or let  me go to your warehouse to pick it up~?
i emailed them on tuesday about the missing item in my box and received back a response today. otherwise uninteresting, except for the 2nd paragraph which appears to now be a standard add-on to inquiries since i expressed no concerns about the bomber that did arrive - "we will share an instruction manual via updates on kickstarter very soon"
@kat - i messaged you on fb. it might go in your other folder, but letting you know i went ahead and did so.
wow! finally received sweatshirt today. super happy i sided on "better bigger than smaller" and ordered a men's medium sweatshirt (i am 5'6" female with basically all the standard proportions). if that's a men's medium, then i worry for all the people who are actually a men's medium. that's going to be a tight fit. material and construction seem well done. the hood... echo everyone else's complaint. i mean, it was advertised as "no hassle"... it's a pretty big hassle, in that, it's not exactly useable out and about. the free gloves..look i know they were free, but save the material and don't ship them anymore. it's laughable how they fit. they fit over my finger and then to about the half way mark of my palm. was it worth the $129 usd + $40 duties? nope. will i tell others to buy it? nope. will i use it? yes.. because it's useable.
also from the faqs: july: "we are offering our jackets at highly discounted prices on kickstarter" september: "fyi - we have increased our future retail prices." untrustworthy
so, i decided to go look at the faq for anything relating to shipping costs(i know, what was i thinking?!), and came across this(blatant lie, really): do you accommodate tall sizes? yes we do. please consult our tall sizing chart when choosing your size. last updated: thu, jul 16 2015 8:51 pm mdt
so on the exchange details that were promised to be ready by the 24th-31st march... today confirmation that baubax have made another empty promise in an endless series of empty promises: "unfortunately, we do not have any information about shipping costs right now but we are trying to work through it. we are still in the process of setting up our exchange process, we should be able to answer such questions as soon as we have a system in place. thanks for your patience." how do they sleep at night?
got my jacket last week and it was perfect timing as i have 5 trips in 5 weeks! was able to use it this weekend and it was great for sleeping!! love it!!
received dhl shipping notification yesterday for toronto, on. number isn't showing up in dhl's system yet. hopefully will see it soon.
shipping notice today in bc, canada, for 2x bombers. backer #337, shipping from georgia via dhl.
@bruce  do you have a facebook account?  i'm not asking you to join the group but to reach out to me privately via messages on facebook.  i think you want to know what i know.  https://www.facebook.com/kat.dawson.73
@bruce: i thought that at some point, someone had mentioned that they received a response from baubax saying they only made tall sizes in some styles, and not all. but it was well after the surveys were finished with that it was mentioned. i could be wrong, but that is still baubax screwing over the people who helped them screw over others.
good news and bad news first the good news - i just got my notification for my windbreaker and my daughter's bomber. coming by u.s. postal service. if it were coming from amazon, i would have it by wednesday. however, it could be a week or more before it arrives. i will report when it arrives. now, for the bad, bad, bad news - baubax has screwed up. of course, that is not news. here is the text from my order response e-mail from baubax last sept. 29: select your #2 jacket size. for sizing chart and measuring tips click here: http://www.baubax.com/sizing-chart/ xlt now, here is what is on the shipping e-mail: windbreaker black male xl item#: 1296-bxm002blk000xl  	1 notice the discrepancy? they are not sending me the tall jacket i ordered. did the shipper mess up? did baubax lie and not make any tall jackets? stay tuned.
just got my shipping confirmation (toronto), let's see how long it takes to arrive and how much money i will have to pay to dhl....
@ kat - she is not actively practicing although she is still licensed.
the race is still on for me. soundtrack or jacket...if the indication i saw last week is even remotely reliable(which i doubt, as people within the same cities/area in the us have had weeks between receipts...) i might have the jacket first.
@ken, i am only sympathising. after all this wait, it must be disappointing and definitely share your frustration. and thanks @kat.
north american swap group for ill fitted jackets: https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
@alex jarman.  i know you haven't joined us over there but i just wanted to post for you to have a look-see.  https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/photos/a.1676384109280446.1073741829.1669575819961275/1692544000997790/… and... @bruce    what kind of law does your daughter practice?
@alex jarman well the jackets are smaller than i expected, fortunately i bought two of different sizes so at least i can fit in one of them. i'm not mean, and i can understand how difficult things can be for startup companies. but if you look at the package i received, you'll understand why.
@megan: it also depends on the person who's wearing the jackets physic. a l-xxl on a bulkier person could be the same with items not fitting into the pockets very well, as with the s/xs in your last sentence.
sorry to hear that. if it's any consolation ken, the general praise seems to be for the jackets, the general criticism seems to be for the accessories. and of course baubax should do the decent thing and replace (though they won't).
got my parcel today, carton damaged and opened, blankets and bottles are missing, not sure if i lost anything else because there is no check list! really disappointed, paid $50 for two and arrived like sh*t. i paid less than $7 for amazon for a pair of shoes and they arrived in perfect condition.
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole - thanks for the tip! i will definitely try that when actually traveling, but i still don't buy the "built-in"/"non-bulky" marketing copy. i wonder why they didn't do the same thing but have it fold down, into the back of the jacket - i think it would fit better there, functioning as a bit of flat padding when not in use. seems like @mindy is doing something like this, but it would be nice if there was a shaped pocket in the jacket's back interior for this purpose. [i'm also assuming people in the l-xxl range will have less issues fitting stuff in general than others on the s/xs side of things, which is not something i'd really considered before checking out the jacket in person.]
@bruce: pretty sure you're right about it being an american thing. i have some jackets where it's on the right, some on the left, both work, both look good, and that's really all that matters. honestly, calling one of them "for males" is a ridiculous thing in and of itself.
re: zippers - just saw another question about the "wrong" zipper on a men's jacket. as some non-u.s. backers have pointed out, apparently, "right-handed" zippers for men is an american thing. even if that is not quite correct, baubax had the same type zipper placed in all jackets to save money. we american males will just have to live with it. of course, i am left-handed, so i might benefit from it.
@ tray, @kat - kat, will you post your exchange information web page again for the benefit of tray and others who might want to get a better fitting jacket without having to deal with baubax? thanks
what i did with the neck pillow was have it hang down from the button inside the hood. that way the the pillow doesn't make the hood bulky/heavy. takes a little getting used to putting the jacket on like that, but it works for me. if i ever want to use it all i have to do is pull both sides forward from behind my neck and blow it up like in the video.
well, i'm in the midwest and still haven't heard a word since the last update a month ago.  this was supposed to be christmas presents from my mother-in-law and we still have not gotten the jackets.  hopefully before we leave for vaca in may.  what.  a.  joke....
thanks @kat, though your efforts to hold baubax to account completely overshadow anyone else's.
this is hilarious -- just got my shipping notification, but the jackets arrived two days ago. i do wish there was an easy way to exchange the women's bomber jacket for one size up -- i can zip it, but just barely. not going to tempt the baubax gods, though.
i finally got my shipping notification for 2 blazers! i am from montreal in canada!
btw, alex, you're biting wit has been inspiration for more than one of my posts at https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
finally got mine. all the way in lagos, nigeria
reviews, rants, commiserate... https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@jenniferashaffer.  i also sent email as advised and received a canned response:  thank you for writing to us. our warehouses are shipping out hundreds of orders daily.   your order will be processed soon and dispatched from our warehouse. we will provide the tracking number and carrier details once your order has been dispatched. this didn't get close to answering my question at all.  very frustrated.  i'm in washington dc area, ordered 3 mixed products.
ps. it would be great if you could post a "how to care for your jackets" article either in future updates or on your website. cheers.
received all four items today - 2 bombers and 2 sweatshirts - in kuala lumpur, malaysia.  happy that i finally got them. not happy i had to pick it up at the airport because the huge box was stopped by customs officers (as jonathan khoo pointed out). i only received a tracking code after i wrote in three times to baubax support and even then the code did not work.  when i finally did receive the actual notification email that my jackets were on the way, they had already arrived (i received the customs office notice before the email...). overall quality (at initial glance and try) is pretty high. no defects spotted. everything appears to work well.  the neck pillow will be a boon when travelling but a little too heavy for the sweatshirt (especially since the material is lighter and softer), if used for light activities. looking forward to using these in cooler climes. my partner loves her m-sized red bomber which fit her perfectly! thanks baubax team for the jackets. i sincerely wish you continued success and hope you take heart of the lessons learned and feedback received in this project.
i'm one of baubax's greatest critics but if you buy something expensive that is being shipped in from another country, i can't believe there can be any surprise or anger at being charged import duties. yes baubax could have said that you may be liable for tax but they also could have said not to pull the eyemask all the way down over your mouth so you can't breathe. import duties are not a new invention. as far as i know, all major countries charge import duties. ignorance of the law of your own country is not a justification not to pay them.
received two bomber jackets saturday, here in michigan. no shipping or tracking info provided. the jackets just showed up at my door. overall a very nice jacket and well made. however the size seems to run smaller than expected. i ordered a mens large for me and a woman's medium for my wife and both are too small.  i will need to exchange them for the next larger sizes. hopefully i will not have to wait several months to get an exchange.
backer in france : just received my bomber and blazer, have to paid for 90 euros of taxes and customes though... total price 400 euros. size : fit well quality : good for the bomber, for the blazer the quality is way too cheap for the price, can't wear it for a meeting.  the neck pillow is too heavy as everyone to keep it in the hood, the build in gloves (more build in sleeves ++) hopefully can get it off in the blazer, will have to cut them for the bomber though :/ worth the wait but not the price !
@ carol , i'm in ontario, canada. i received no shipping notice or confirmation. there was no prior notice that there would be any extra charges. i paid $20 for shipping and expected that would be it. given my past interactions with other companies this was a reasonable expectation. i'm a bit pissy about it.
my sweatshirt arrived the other day in ma.  the first thing i did was remove the pillow, it's not something that you will want with you constantly. very nice material and very comfortable. the only minor issue i have is the zipper is on the wrong side( male here) . im not sure if this is correct or not, but it is not like the rest of the clothing i own.
@ana regina santillan, no you won't.
i still don't have my jackets-- part of an order of four jackets for delivery to ny. will i ever get my jackets?
i just got mine 2 blazers + 2 bomber today 4th april (brunei). i opened my blazer, it looks better than i expected :) still trying to figure out how do i use the neck pillow. no track id whatsoever too
has anyone who pledged the "pack of 3" tier gotten their jackets? i remember how during the surveys they had to send an extra email out for that tier because they missed something on their initial survey, and now i'm wondering if that set us back in terms of fulfillment dates :(
sydney, australia 2 x bomber jackets received.  i'm so underwhelmed by the whole experience that it is hard to be excited that they arrived. what is up with the neck pillow?
just wondering if anyone in the il area has gotten any?
got my jackets (female black bomber and charcoal sweatshirt) a couple days ago here in ok, usa. i normally wear mediums, but decided to go with large for both. thank goodness i did. the larges fit perfectly. no notification of tracking number at all (was expecting it since it's happened with a lot of other projects i've backed). the end of the zipper where you open and blow up on one of the neck pillows i got was kinda sewn weirdly, so when i unzipped it all the way it was difficult and took me 10 minutes just to zip it back up. i sewed it up a bit so that i'm not able to unzip it all the way and run into that problem again. the hoods on both jacket are kind of shallow (if that makes any sense). when i grab my hood and swing it over my head to put it on like any other hooded jacket the eye mask comes out as if it was the hood and not an eye mask. hood on the bomber is perfect shape wise, but on the sweatshirt it's really cone shaped at the top so it looks kinda weird. drinks (regular sized canned drinks like coke) won't fit in into the drink pocket of the bomber, but will definitely fit inside the sweatshirt's drink pocket. one of the telescoping pens was really hard to pull out. the picture for the pocket blanket is pretty misleading. i was expecting the blanket to have it's own little separate pouch. as soon as i undid what i thought was the pouch, the blanket unfolded and i realized the part i thought was the pouch, was actually part of the blanket. i now have no clue how to fold it back up to how it was or anywhere close to it. besides the stuff i talked about, everything else is fine so far. the jackets are extremely comfortable and everything else that wasn't listed here looked and seemed pretty high quality.
olga kogan, are you still around?  will you please message me on facebook?
i finally got my jacket in canada (women's windbreaker) and i love it!! still checking out all the pockets to figure out what goes where. one question though. how do i get the neck pillow out and inflate it?
finally, we received our jackets in sydney today, one for me and one for my lovely wife. it's six moths late than the announcement, but the product quality is perfect. winter is coming soon. hopefully, they work well as the advertisement, so we can have a warm winter. thank you!
finally received my jacket in malaysia. very good quality! loving it!!! however the tax is not what i like about. the box where the jacket comes in is over sized and caught the attention of the custom officer. i would recommend shipping in appropriate box sizes.
in colorado and just received my female, medium, bomber jacket. it is absolutely amazing. i'm impressed with the quality of the jacket and love all of the extra add ons that baubax threw in. thank you!!
seeing all these comments from western canadians receiving their jackets already makes me anticipate it. on the other hand, i'm not looking forward to the custom tax from dhl. i hate dhl, i had very bad experiences with them and would never buy anything that's delivered by dhl. now i screwed up again. at least make the size and quality of the jacket worth it...:(
still waiting for mine in minneapolis
has anyone in florida received their jackets yet?
for texas, got mine in the houston area last week.  i did get an email and tracking info.  it's a very cute jacket, but women's small is smaller and shorter than the measurements would have indicated.  no problem for me as i am losing weight.  i love the neck pillow!  i think it's my favorite part.
received our two jackets today, the fits were fine for us. i have gone through my email for the past two months, no shipping notice or any communications from bb. good jackets, two months to late from when we hopped we would see them and use them.
did we still need to pay tax ????
sent email as advised. 4 days and nothing but a canned reply. i responded today letting them know that they can either refund my $$ or i will file a ccd dispute and contact the bbb.   i am over it. especially hearing that ppl who ordered tall sizes are not getting them and the fit is way off.
rec'd in nj. wife loves her bomber, and it fits well. my bomber is a large and is too tight in the back and underarms. otherwise, its really well done. relisted on ebay and have my fingers crossed.
baubax, i assume at this point, you will go quiet and not provide another communication until your company official goes under, at which point you will likely send a final f you to all your backers coming clean with why you screwed us all. has the se or florida gotten one item yet??? #baubaxworsteverkickstartercampaign
it's true... you guys over promised and under deliver..
where is my jacket?
received mine, western canada, delivered by fedex, dropped at my door, no slip or duty, strange, but not upset that i didn't have to pay duty! lol
baubax, march "this process will be quick and seamless as your orders make their way to you!" overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver, overpromise, underdeliver.
for other canadians, looks like i received my jacket on friday. like many others, no advance shipping notice/tracking info. packing slip says it was shipped via dhl (which sucks here), but seems like it was fulfilled by canada post, they just left a slip and said pick it up the next day didn't even bother trying to deliver it but that's besides the point. $53.75 cod brokerage fees, so that also wasn't so great... other than the sub-par shipping experiences, jacket is pretty nice i selected a mens tall size and it still seems a tad shorter than i would have liked on me but otherwise the arms and everything else fit well. like i've read others say, the neck pillow just does not work super well, but yeah overall pretty satisfied. i've need a spring/fall jacket for awhile now so it does the job.
you definitely called it on these extended delays @bruce and some time ago!
@ jeffrey jaje - if you look through the comments for the past several days, including the one right above your post, you will see that some people in the eastern u.s. have been getting their jackets. the shippers were at least two weeks late starting, based on baubax's projected schedule made in early march. the number of reports are picking up, but they still seem to be moving slowly. i had said several days ago that we could be into late april or early may before most of us get our jackets.
hopefully this will help those of you still waiting: 2x bomber received 4/2/2016. never received any shipping notification or tracking information, they just showed up. central ohio area. men's xxl fit is great, though i ordered a size larger than measurements indicated. womens l is snug, almost too short in length, ordered per measurement guidelines. pretty pleased with the jackets. the gloves and water bottle are underwhelming.
any updates on east coast u.s. shipping?
they said 14-21 days...24 days ago. it was a feeble promise (why make it so hard for your backers to wish to exchange a jacket at their cost despite funding your company in good faith) and as usual they have totally disrespected it. their attitude towards their original backers implies contempt.
@ kat - you are too funny! :) i don't think i have ever seen more rhetorical questions in one place, especially number 8. that one was hilarious. i can't believe you would even entertain the idea that baubax might actually give a truthful and accurate answer to a reasonable question. alex was very kind. he usually cuts right through such naivety. :)
re: exchange issues @ cindy bogdas - i sent an e-mail to baubax a few weeks ago asking about an exchange. i posted the e-mail response at the time and noted that backers would need to keep all the packaging. i guess i should have re-posted it several times, because i suspect a lot of people did not see it. they said they that they would publish information on exchanges in two-three weeks. that was about two or more weeks ago. so, as usual, they are overdue on another obligation. if you have disposed of the plastic bag, you can still return the jacket for an exchange. but it will be interesting to see what they do if the plastic bag is missing. will they honor the exchange request? will they return your old jacket, using your money? will they just keep it? a lot of people who got wrong sizes got them weeks ago. did they keep all the packaging? if not, they are probably out of luck. backer kat is trying to set up a social media site for u.s. exchanges to bypass baubax. i suspect that is the only way some people will get their issues resolved.
i just received my order. i was part of the early bird #2 order for a bomber. my shipping was to point roberts, wa. the jacket is wonderfully made.
any updates?  still waiting here in toronto for my order to arrive.
noble sentiments @kat, however you're talking into a deep chasm, void of the most basic of human courtesies. baubax's jackets use cotton, polyester and rayon fibres but there is no moral fibre present.
dear team baubax, it has been nearly one month since your last update to your backers, the very people who provided you with the seed money to bring your vision to life. we are the same people who were, in the throes of your campaign, cheerleaders and ambassadors for your brand. we implore you to provide us with a clear and concise update addressing, in detail and with complete sincerity, the following: 1. by market area (e.g. asia, europe, australia, mexico, south america, north america, etc.) what percentage of backer rewards have left warehouses as of the close of business march 31, 2016? 2. by those same market areas, what is the projected timeline for completion of fulfillment to backers from both kickstarter and indiegogo? 3. have you formalized an exchange process as of yet? if you have, please provide us with a firm date as to when you will initiate exchanges and explain, in detail, how the process will work. if not, please provide us with a firm date as to when you will have a process in place. 4. how long will the exchange process take? 5. how do you intend to mange exchanges and returns for backers who have received defective and/or faulty merchandise or incorrect items? how long will it take for you to finalize exchanges and/or replacements of components or separate parts? will you be providing these backers with a prepaid shipping label? 6. there is a concern in regard to "tall" sizes. the consensus is that "tall" sizes may not have been manufactured or were mislabeled prior to shipping. how do you intend to correct this for those individuals? 7. will you be suspending all further retail sales until such time as all backer fulfillment has been completed? 8. will you cease deleting and hiding negative reviews and comments from your social media and campaign pages so as to allow full transparency? as has been evidenced, the absence of timely communication results in fear, panic and rumour. all we have ever wanted was open, transparent communication which really is at the heart of consumer satisfaction. please make some sincere efforts in this regard. signed, your campaign backers.
jonathan shao, where are you located?  did your shipping notification warn of the tariff?
hi i am waiting for my order. can you please check
still waiting in nyc. have flown 4 times and have a 5th upcoming flight since the jacket was supposed to arrive 5 months ago.
so, i've had to pay an extra $50 for a mediocre product that was 5 months late. i've never had to pay a cod charge as the companies i've supported before were organized enough to prevent this.  this is by far the worst kickstarter project i have funded. please explain to my why i had to pay a 50% terrify on this product? please explain to my why this was not communicated to my during the time of my purchase?
still there: womens bomber red xxl in germany...you can also suggest a price https://www.ebay.de/ulk/itm/152013739334
i have not received my jacket or shipping notification. i filled out the survey way back when it was originally sent and yet nothing. what's going on?
i received (uk) 2 jackets yesterday, a windbreaker and a hoodie. had to pay £17.10 in customs charges, but that was cheaper than i expected. husband's hoodie is a perfect fit, with the windbreaker i've had similar issue to others in that it fits really well around neck, arms and chest but around the the stomach /  bottom of the zipper it's a bit snug  (even though we measured according to the sizing chart). both jackets i think are really high quality, i like the fabrics and i think they'll be extremely warm. i would have really liked to see a small instruction booklet or pamphlet with the jackets to show you what each of the features were and how to ensure they were used / put away properly. i think the storage for the pillow is not great, with it being a little uncomfortabl, but without direction from baubaux on how to store it i'll probably leave it at home unless i know i will want to use it. overall, i am very impressed, i expected the delivery to be late and there are a few things i would change, but for my first ever backed kickstarter campaign i'm very pleased with the end product.
how can i swap a small for a medium
i haven't received anything , i had the super early purchase due november 2015... and nothing , haven't heard or received any email ... very frustrated
just got the blazer and bomber jacket today (wisconsin). i did receive an email with tracking number. i tried it all on. it seems a little tight in the shoulder (very little). i am very pleased over all with everything. a little issue with the neck pillow, but all in all, i like it.
just received my windbreaker yesterday.  like many others, no shipping notice, but at least it finally arrived. not impressed. the quality of the jacket itself seems decent, but the neck pillow is trash.  the stitching at the valve opening zipper was completely unraveled and the whole pillow just flops around inside the hood, so when you flip the hood up you smack yourself in the head. and with all the features, you'd think there would be some sort of documentation or instructions. like how do you inflate and deflate the pillow? and the sizing is small, and i've lost 15 lbs since i ordered this, and yes, i followed the sizing guide. i am going to attempt to get  a replacement, due to the defect, but i have low expectations that it will happen.
got my blazer today. mens large fits great! it's very wrinkled for a wrinkle free blazer, but i suspect that is because of the way it was shipped. we will see how it holds up on a plane.  the thing that concerns me most is the pillow. it doesn't seem to attach to the jacket very well, and it doesn't store comfortably in the hood at all. also, the flap that is supposed to keep the air in is very loose on mine, so the air does not stay in! my wife received her blazer today as well, and her's works great. i'll be contacting baubax directly about the valve since it really does seem to just be defective. let me stress again that overall, i am very happy with the jacket! just not too happy with the pillow.
i am a patient person but after finally receiving my jacket, it is a huge let down. the quality is okay but the sizing is way off. not only does it fit very snug but the pockets are unusable. then when i email to exchange it, they tell me it has to go back into the plastic bag it came to be able to exchange it. wtf? why is the bag necessary if all the tags and paperwork are in order? why was this never mentioned anywhere else? also waiting weeks for a response is out of control! looks like i will go down the ebay route and try to get some of my money back.
got my jackets 2 minutes ago in hartford, ct, backer #30140. never got tracking number. bomber female small fits ok. blazer male large is too small. tight in the shoulders/belly the quality is really good
@megan in nyc- heya! i have a bomber too.  you'll notice a tiny little elastic button loop on the center of the neck pillow.  attach that to the second button on the bomber.  that will hold the neck pillow in place.  i wore my jacket out today, and it was fine!  i fold the longer parts of the pillow back up against itself and it tucks in the hood pretty well.  it's not a perfect design, it takes some adjusting but i'm getting the hang of it.  i'll sometimes pull the hood over my head to get the pillow into the right place when tucked away.  (i had brought the pillow out about 5 times to show coworkers).
hi, i just got my sweatshirt and had to pay $50.79 cod. i'm assuming that this is a delivery charge. i paid $20 for that already. i'de like to be reimbursed my $50.79. thanks
@ grant-michael. you need a tall jacket. they were available for order, but i would be surprised if they have any, or many, available for exchange. there is questions about whether they even made the women's tall jackets that a number of women ordered.
@ stephen s - it appears from other comments in the past that only the u.s. has right-handed zipper for men's garments. baubax simply put the same type zipper in all jackets, regardless of order location.
never got a tracking number, but my jackets just came! impressed with the quality so far -- hoping they hold up. the fit of the size medium women's hoodie is spot-on; bomber (also women's size medium) is a bit tight in the shoulders/belly, and short, but will do. the hoodie is definitely coming on our trip to amsterdam next month. thank you!
got my jackets today in michigan.  i wish the blazer fit.  it looks great, but the xs is made for someone 6ft tall.  it is very long, shoulders a bit wide, sleeves long, and armholes a bit large, so it really bunches when i raise my arm.  around the waist is a perfect fit, so i don't think a different size will fit better.  the sweatshirt fits much better, but that style seems more forgiving.
still haven't received anything here in british columbia. i ordered the 3 pack for my wife and myself. i'm not looking forward to customs charges i see other canadians experiencing. however, this is the nature of our government and is expected.
@jordan i just picked up mine from the post office my label said 29$ in duties+tx then another 10$cod to make a total of 39$. what's the cash on delivery all about do you know? was yours the same?
isnt the jacket zipper supposed to be on the right side for mens? found that to be really weird since any zip up clothing ive worn has always been on my right...
question for everyone.  my blue large men's windbreaker is to short as far as head to waist.  i'm a 5'11" guy and have a skinny frame.  the chest and arms are proper length.  what size should i shoot for when sending an exchange to baubax?  thanks all!
ah... forgot to mention: received at hockenheim, germany ;)
received two bomber for my wife and myself this week and picked it up from customs office (81 eur taxes) yesterday including the two bottles & two gloves as the gifts. i usually wear xl if it is regular fit. the xl bomber is a slim fit at the maximum so i will most likely ask for replacement. my wife will try her bomber tomorrow - she is pretty slim so maybe hers will fit a little better. overall the quality is good as far is i can tell from looking at the jacket and trying it on. there is one negative thing about the stitched in gloves, which - when not in use - are a somewhat disturbing/troublesome because there is no really good way to not have them wrinkle up right behind the wrist. this could have been resolved better (e.g.: as in the smart parka at https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/577214365/smart-parka-worlds-first-complete-winter-coat). still i think the jacket is worth the money (after replacement because of slim fit size).
brooklyn, nyc here. received my fedex tracking info from the @support email 2 days ago and my jackets today. quick reaction to mine (bf hasn't gotten home to try his "christmas present" on yet) - similar to many people. my s female red bomber fits pretty well, though i probably won't be able to layer much under it, and it will be bulky with pockets filled. seems sturdy, warm, and well made at first glance. color's fine, too - seems to match promo material. however, there is no way this inflatable pillow can stay in the hood. it simply isn't built-in or integrated at all, and it's a ridiculous place to try to even store it, since it misshapes the hood to a ridiculous degree. i also don't see any way to use the pillow and sleep mask with the hood up unless i unzip the jacket about halfway down - won't be an issue unless i'm someplace pretty cold, but something to think about. the sleep mask definitely doesn't cover my eyes unless i'm in a slouchy sitting position with the jacket mostly unzipped. the pillows also don't match the fabric of the jacket unless you ordered black, which is different than the promo material but not an issue for me. i'm happy to have finally received it and will definitely use it, but i'm never going to recommend this company to anyone - thinking about how to remove branding already - because it's been so bad about followthrough on promises, shipping, communication, etc. here's hoping my bf's fits so i never have to email @support again!
@ kunhan, @ larry grimm - thanks for the mailing address. i hope i don't have to use it, but you never know around here.
just received my two jackets up in boston. jackets look really sharp, materials are pretty solid. my bomber looks great, fit is a little snug on the belly (though that's probably more me than the jacket, shoulders/chest/arms fit great). my blazer, on the other hand ,feels a bit on the small side. it has the same problem, but it feels like xxl runs small. i suppose part of it might just be the cut of the jacket, but we'll see!
i was hoping april's fool would be the perfect day to get jackets/shipping info/an honest update, but nothing :(
had notification that my 2 jackets have arrived, just got to pay £83 (about $120) in charges!  hmmmmmmm.
received bomber jacket yesterday.  very high quality, nice jacket.  just fyi, no shipping notification received (not a complaint).  wish these came in women's plus sizes as i'd like one, too.
got a shipment notification yesterday, shipping via fedex.  the email is from support@baubax.com/ a bit concerned as the bomber i ordered for my husband is listed as xl, and not the xlt i ordered.  my survey confirmation says xlt... i hope it's long enough for him!
mailing address for baubax llc 15600 redmond way suite 302 redmond wa 98052
received 2 bombers this morning (sat) in michigan with no shipment notification (not a complaint, just fyi).  the jackets are nice, not sure of the eye masks - they seem to fall and cover the eyes when you walk. they seem like they will be warm - i will try it out in the snow today. very glad that we actually received them.
hey baubax, still nothing for florida here, waiting on my blazer that will likely suck anyway. no respect for the people who backed you early. you said single orders were to go 1st, u lied and you never communicate. you are ruining kickstarter for others due to your remarkably failures getting this right after all the money backing you. #baubaxworsteverkickstartercampaign
i got mine yesterday in canada. had to pay $39 in customers. this will be the case for everyone because it was made in china and they did not take into account customs for every country in the shipping charges. that being said, i was pretty surprised of the quality of the sweatshirt. something you would pay $100+ for in a store. the hood is little heavy and awkward with the multiple flaps for the pillow to drop down and eye cover. overall it is very cool. my only knock on it is is the hand warmers. the sleeve holes are very tight to get your arm through wearing a watch and you need to go through the warmers first. the ipad pocket is weird when your sweatshirt is zipped up( the ipad is flat and my body is round). but this is meant for travelling. i am on the road next week so i will know better but by the looks of it i will be very happy strutting my baubax through security! was it worth the wait? yes should it have taken 6-7 months? yes, people this is kickstarter and for the most part a company's first try at mass production.
reviews, commiserating here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ north american swap group here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
still waiting!  extremely unhappy with how this project has not delivered!!!!!!
i'm waiting my order and detail of shipping at japan. i sent direct message.  but not take a return...
really could have used that jacket on my trip now. it had to be raining today! thanks badbax!
so, they are selling the bomber jacket on totally modern for $149, and haven't even delivered to all backers yet i found the coolest thing at touch of modern! https://www.touchofmodern.com/sales/baubax-634592da-7c03-4a0c-b34d-6afecc2bc67d/baubax-bomber-male-black…
finally got my blazer. bit snug even after getting a larger size. going to cut the glove sleeve things out as the are rubbish. nothing like the video. they flap around like a windsock. the pillow in the hood is very uncomfortable and no matter how far i turn my head i cannot inflate it as per the footage. not impressed. 10 minutes wearing it i was sweating like a c**t. let's hope they have earned so much that they never make another product
just received shipping notice in maryland.
still waiting no news at all those who received a printed picture of their gift at christmas might be good for next christmas maybe?
so i received my jackets ( 1 blazer and 1 bomber) but i didn't receive any gloves, or the blanket that i paid extra for. i did get the bottles though. how do i reach out to them about this? any help would be appreciated guys. thanks.
just received my order of 1 blazer and 1 bomber in the mail in san francisco. sorry for the rest of the backers who haven't received single orders yet, i actually wasn't expecting mine to come for a while, it was just a package on my doorstep (no tracking number). overall, quality for bomber is great- the jackets are heavy though. the hand sleeves however are very long and go past my knuckles. looks like i'm wearing a sweatshirt that is too long and looks kind of odd. i haven't tried on the blazer since i read a lot of backers having the same issues that the measurement sizes are running smaller than the posted standard sizes. my xxl bomber doesn't fit me. i wear an xl in women's (size 16 in jeans and trousers, xl for dress shirts and blouses) and ordered an xxl to be safe and to also be able to layer. the waist and chest do not fit, it runs super tight, while the arm is loose. granted i have a larger chest, but i'm very disappointed i can't even zip it up. whenever i've purchased xxl from other major designer retailers (gap, banana republic, j. crew) xxl has either been baggy/roomy or more similar to a boyish style where's it's loose. this is the first time where xxl doesn't fit at all. baubax is saying in the updates that the measurements are exact- that if you take a measuring tape and measured yourself to their listed inches/dimensions, the jacket should fit. i'm measuring myself for the xxl and my bust and waist should fit, since i fall 1-3 inches short of the xxl size, but when putting the jacket on, it doesn't fit... the arm and everything else is fine, it's just really the waist that is short and chest. i'm not sure what i can do at this point, since xxl is the largest size for women's. and what's more unlikely is baubax fixing this issue or telling backers that it's super tight and to order a size up. i guess my only options is to exchange for men's? if anyone else has the same experience- i guess our only choice is to size up (if possible) or exchange it for men's.
@mika i have to agree with you totally.  but do stick around?  don't let negativity be the only voice.  i am sure tons of us are happy with what we got.
@samata katta the trick is to pull the sleeve collar half way up your forearm and pulling it back down.  the build-in glove will fold over itself and tucked nicely away.
just a side note for everyone.  if you follow the sizing chart closely, your jacket is going to fit close to perfectly.  i put down for 6 jackets for 4 different individuals ranging from 155cm/50kg to 180cm/78kg and they all fit perfectly.  i recalled the sizing chart was interesting (i am 180cm/78kg and fits a medium tall).  so for those of you who has put down based on what you thought you are in your own countries might be in for a surprise.  faq did say they entertain exchanges but shipping is on you.  also, please be prepared to pay custom.  no kickstarter program can possibly absorb custom fees shipping to all the myriads  of countries.  let's be fair, this is crowdfunding, not shopping network.
got my 16 kickstarter funded jackets today in manila (via usa forwarder). the other 3 via post-campaign i guess will have to be another long wait. its going to be a merry christmas for all my friends... oh wait... oh whatever...
@kunhan i am normally a 10-12 in us ladies sizes so surprising that the fit was quite constricting for the equivalent of a 12-14. anyway, i sent a message through kickstarter for advice on exchange details. i didn't see any direct email address, unless i have missed it?
just got the canada post mail notification today. going to pick it up tomorrow from post office, but the slip claims i owe another $39?! so i have will now have paid well over $200 canadian for a sweater that better fit. i have waited so patiently so my fingers are crossed. i am not too thrilled to have to pay more fees. boo on you baubax!
i wish there was a way to lump comments together because then it would be easier to see some of the issues/solutions people have come up with. i have a large, male bomber. the fit is good in the waist and chest, but the neck hole is actually pretty big and loose, like i'm wearing a loose turtle neck sweater. also, the neck pillow is really heavy and how do you inflate it? mine looks like it's missing a part, some type of air intake valve of sorts. the sewn in hand gloves are a little annoying because sometimes i don't want to wear them all the time, but tucking them away is not easy. wish they were detachable. overall, i regret ordering this jacket. i guess lesson learned when it comes to kickstarter projects.
got a women's xs bomber, and the fit is great. i'm a pretty small person, so i was expecting it to end up being too large, but it actually looks good on me, with just enough space to actually put stuff in the pockets. the sleeve things are a bit long, and you can't really stuff them back underneath when you don't need them, but they are comfy on my small hands and wrists. the hood doesn't fit that well with the pillow in it, but the pillow works fine on its own. i imagine it would be really difficult for anyone other than me to button up the hood, since it's quite small. overall though, i'm pretty satisfied with the quality, the look and the fit. we'll see if it holds up over time!
received my blazer today!  i ordered a medium and it fits great!  it took a long time, but the quality is good.  now i'm figuring out all of the features. would be nice if there was a guide to features eying the video.
i ordered a women's small tall and got a regular small that feels more petite than any small size jacket i own. really not comfortable so now i get to wait another 6 months to get a replacement because they screwed up. also the gloves are an insult. they're such terrible quality, honestly, why bother? the jacket is amazing (except that storing the neck pillow in the hood makes it impossible to use the hood because there's no space for it to fit over your head.) i just wish they sent what i ordered.
@mika: sorry you think that some of us are "rude" and "entitled" when we've waited months after months with little to no proper updates only to receive basically a useless blend of fabric (or nothing, even, yet they haven't addressed the fact that they've missed yet another deadline they set) in the mail because their sizing chart was incorrect and they made changes to the jackets without telling their backers. contrary to your beliefs, we are actually entitled to what we gave them money for. and if we're rude it's because they were rude to us first. people are getting impatient because there are those in foreign countries still waiting on getting theirs despite the fact that all of them should have had them weeks ago. and baubax is also not following their 'single jacket orders first' rule. there is no rhyme or reason to their shipping anymore and yet all we get from them is silence and broken promises. it's infuriating to see a company care so little about the people that helped it and basically run itself into the ground.
hi bruce~ yes, i'm a boy lol. i ordered for six pack, containing a female jacket. and they all fits just perfectly.  for the women's tall jackets, sorry i can't recall the issue, but i think what you mentioned did make sense. hope you can get the sizing issue solved soon. about the mailing address, i think this may help. http://www.bbb.org/alaskaoregonwesternwashington/business-reviews/clothing-retail/baubax-llc-in-redmond-wa-90007823
i got my bomber today! (located in norcal) i'm so excited about it. it's cute, fits well, has a ton of pockets, and is excellent quality. but what i'm most excited about is never having to read these comments again to keep up with this campaign. some of the people on here are the most entitled, impatient, and rude people i've encountered. and i work in customer service. i deal with shitty people all day everyday so that's saying something. anyways, thank you baubax for your awesome product! keep up the great work.
@ kat - do you have a mailing address (snail mail) for baubax. i know someone posted a picture of a sign on their door. if we have a mailing address, we might send them registered letters about thees issues. i ordered a men's tall windbreaker. i also ordered a tall women's bomber for my wife. if either of them are not tall sizes, i will have my daughter, who is an attorney, contact them concerning the possibility of fraud.
@ mandy wilkerson, @ kat, @ kunhan - kunhan, forgive me if i am wrong, you i assume you are male. is that correct? if you recall, baubax originally was not planning on having tall sizes for women's jackets. they later added tall sizes at the request of a number of backers. but we do not know for sure if they ever made any tall women's jackets. they are likely made men's tall sizes. mandy, if you can locate the e-mail that contained the response to your order, showing type, color and size - and if it says you ordered a medium tall jacket - then you need to send them another e-mail, with your order response attached, asking them why they did not provide you the correct size. it's one thing if you ordered a medium and they sent you a medium and it doesn't fit. but if you ordered a medium-tall and then sent you a medium, they have failed to honor their contractual obligation. i believe you have grounds for legal action. kat, can you provide any insight into this? you had asked for responses from people about the tall jacket issue.
received four jackets today, all perfect size/fit, great quality and really worth the wait. i didn't receive any notice but unlike others, didn't really care. for those still waiting hang in there, communication is awful but the product is outstanding.
@mandy wilkerson well, it seems that they're setting up the internal process for weeks (mentioned in the latest update). so, a canned response my be the best result now. hope you'll get a right sizing jacket and non-canned response soon. :)
just got my jacket from the post office.  (no shipping notification or tracking btw.) ordered a 3x as it was the largest size they offered and it's far too small.  as i have zero expectation to ever get anything other than another bullshit canned response from this company at least i've got a christmas gift for my girlfriend.  if i could rate this experience it would be in negative numbers.  never again.
@kunhan: i have contacted them and immediately got their canned response basically saying they'd get back to me in a couple weeks. i've seen more people not getting their tall size than actually receiving them. in any case, their sizing chart was completely wrong as pointed out by one of my previous comments. i'd probably have to order an xxl and look like i'm wearing a bag in order to get the arms to fit me at this rate.
still waiting. it's april. how long for new england? who wants to wear a bomber jacket in the summer?
oh, forgot to mention - my order was for a sweatshirt. it's a bit shorter than expected, but i'm a tall guy. not a big deal though, it'll mostly be used while sitting anyway.
got jacket today, located in canada. quality is superb, everything works as advertised. carrying the pillow in the hood is a bit awkward but i'll probably get used to it. pen is actually amazing, very happy with how it attaches and detaches. seems to be held in place in a secure manner, should not fall out easily.
@tika santoso write e-mail to support team!!! i'm just wondering if you followed the sizing chart?  as i follow the sizing chart, i got the perfect fit blazer. hope this help.
so im going wondering if this is a scam...i bought these jackets for christmas presents and well its april. i see the comments but have heard some pretty elaborate stories about fakes on kickstarter. does this company write anyone back directly to their kickstarter message box when they send messages? i'd love a status update beyond "you will receive a tracking number when your product is sent."
@mandy wilkerson i think you should contact the support team with taking pics of your package and a screenshot of your survey result, which can prove that baubax team is wrong. i ordered a xlt blazer, and they did send me just the correct xlt size. so, they're not lying. just contact the support team.
just looked at all my tags, barcodes, packing list, etc. for a sign that any of them say that i got an mt. nope. all say m. why did you say you were going to make tall sizes, baubax? do you enjoy lying to the people who helped start your company?
any indonesians that had problems with custom tax?
chicago backer and just received my shipping notification today with tracking number! coming via fedex from georgia with delivery date on tuesday. i ordered a combo bomber and blazer and praying that they actually fit after waiting 10 months!! hope everyone else gets theirs soon too. the frustration from endless waiting is overwhelming! worse than a kid waiting for santa to come. more like a kid waiting for santa to come next year right after opening his or her presents this year!
just received my jackets in australia. stoked with the quality of workmanship. fabrics are great! however the sizing is way too small! i am normally a medium and opted for the large women's sizes for some extra room, but they were so snug it was difficult to get them off, and i was only wearing a singlet under. how can we go about exchanging? might have to go into the men's sizing...
i sent another email to customer service begging for an update on 3/30. lo and behold, i get a tracking number on 3/31.
initial review after receiving the bomber: 3 stars on stitching; 2 stars for the zipper choice; 3.5 stars for materials only decent enough (if you consider how the actual price cost); 3 stars for neck pillow (became the back head pillow and can't wrap around neck). for me, this bomber will be good for early winter above 40f; wearing in a  75f room while typing this (not sweating). in the end, the hype is real, but didn't meet reality.
just received my jacket in ontario canada. what a piece of garbage. cost me 60$ in customs and taxes. i normally fit in a medium, but decided to order a large, to give myself a bit of extra room (and following their sizing charts). it's extra snug all over (including the tightest wrists i've ever seen), the one place with extra room is only in the large shoulders which just makes it look like a weird. soooo disappointed. and with returns asking for us to pay for shipping there and back (and more customs fees).... geeze what a disappointment.
it is april and still no jacket. christmas is coming!
hmm...if you received yours in calgary already, then mine should be a few days out(if it's shipped yet).
received my sweatshirt in western canada. very happy with both the quality and fit (large). i'm extremely disappointed you guys chose to go with the dhl then to canada post for shipping. ended up with an additional cod of $39. if i knew you guys were using dhl, i definitely would not have purchased this product as there's always an additional fee. would've been happy with usps to canada post.  the quality is fantastic but just isn't worth it after all the charges. first time i've ever been dinged with an additional charge after receiving my purchase from kickstarter.
reviews, rants, commiserating... join us! https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@abhimanyu agarwalla how many jackets did you order? i ordered one lt male bomber and one st female bomber (although what we received weren't the tall sizes) and customs charges came up to about £70 including the £8 processing fee that parcel force charges. in terms of sizes, i have to say that i was disappointed with the size s, i am normally a uk8 (us4) and whilst the jacket fit fine (zipped it up easily etc), the sleeves were too short and made lifting my arms uncomfortable and the hood seemed a tad small too (the eye mask thing only coming down to my forehead). i will be looking to sell this (blue bomber s female), if anyone is interested please get in touch. it's a pity as i really liked the blue. my boyfriend ordered a red bomber and again it was a bit too form fitting for him (he is 6ft 4 and normally wears m/l (if he wants it baggy)) plus he wasn't a fan of the red so instead, i am taking his jacket (the sleeves a bit too long on me but i much prefer it in terms of the jacket length and roomier fitting). just wish it was blue instead! in terms of quality, i was pleasantly surprised by the outer shell but the inner lining feels like cheap material. the free gloves (which came in m and s) and the water bottles are what they are, nothing worth talking about.
@baubax great work guys.  can imagine the amount of work to scale to such a big project.  i have some suggestion with regards to how to attach the hood to the blazer.  button and loop isn't a graceful system i reckon.
@celia btw, i am from singapore, just happened to be in london for sabbatical.  would have been nice to get it 3 months ago, but such is kickstarter.  we back the concept, not shop for product...
@celia.  it's blazing hot in singapore!  bought the red bomber for my wife and fits rather well. as for the pillow, i am under the impression that it's neck pillow? as in extend it out under the hood and go round your neck?
just received my red bomber and it looks great. good quality and it fits perfectly. the only problem is the pillow is a bit large when inflated and put inside the hood when sleeping. i guess it's probably because my jacket is small size and the hood is smaller comparatively. but other than that totally impressive with the product. will test it on my 19 hrs flight to singapore next week! happy backer so far.
i am happy to see that everyone else is at least getting his / her orders.  i hope i get mine soon, or get a refund... i am tired of waiting... i hope i can take the money to buy something i can use right now...
had to pay 39$ can for cod !!! this is not for taxes, cod is cash on delivery, it's like paying for goods when receiving it. unbelievable.
just received my 6 jacket here in uk.  albeit it's already spring.  sizing is spot on based on the chart. 4 jackets fitting various family members. 2 blazers for wife and me both spot on.
sizing is not great.  i usually wear an xl but thought to go to xxl and it does not zip closed.  it is so small that i am thinking about giving it to my friend who wears a medium.  i first ordered the medium jacket for her and then added the jacket for me. not sure why my second order shipped before the first order.  but considering how small the sizing is, i worry that the medium will fit her.  likely be a return.
alaska usa. just received my red bomber. the color and material are awesome! my arms are still a bit long though. that's pretty much the only problem i have with it. now to test it out.
in seattle, just got my men's blazer l - it fits perfectly. great quality. thank you!
@jamie panda thanks!!
my jacket are in the custom!!! i will go on monday to take them, then i tell you if it all alright!!
pennsylvania.  looking forward to delivery now that i see people actually getting theirs.
so i am guessing it won't be long now.  i am in
@chris i sent them a email using their customer support form. it's my first time doing something like this so i'm not too clear on the process, but be sure to request a commercial invoice to show to customs.
i'm in nyc and received a women's hoodie and bomber yesterday.  i didn't receive shipping info, or i missed it. as far as sizing goes for me and what i received:  i ordered an xl in both.  my jeans size is about 14/16 us.  i usually wear old navy or target.  i do have an hourglass figure, with my boobage being large.   the hoodie fit perfectly.  sleeve length, everything.  in fact, i fell asleep in it last night with the neck pillow inflated, and it stayed inflated all night.  the bomber is slightly tighter - but i think it's because of lack of stretch.  i can still zip it up all the way, just not as easily.  still totally wearable.  i rarely zip jackets up anyway.
tracking number works today - has officially been shipped (started in canada, then went to vegas), and will arrive (in ct) this coming friday (8th) - via surepost (ups) - not excited anymore though as its in the mid 60's now - so no jacket needed.  there's always next winter!
boston, ma. just received my tracking number from fedex. i ordered a bomber & blazer. after reading all the comments on sizing & feeling frustrated at the awful customer service from baubax, i don't even want to keep the jacket. i usually wear an xs (even at banana republic, cough baubax) so i ordered an xs bomber. i'm a 5'6 130 pounds girl. i'm definitely not going to fit it. the baubax's sizing chart is useless. so if anyone wants to purchase a - xs female black bomber - m male black blazer let me know. it's going on ebay
just received my sweater. i originally ordered a small but changed my order a few days after as i worried it would have been too small. i was definitely correct. my shirt fits snuggly, especially on my waist.  i live in ontario canada, i paid $50 to pick it up. the order was picked up by canada post after it went through customs and instead of delivering it i had to go get it myself (never had to before probably because of the price) it's comfortable and i love it, pillow works great and because i'm rather small the gloves fit almost fully! my only issue (besides the shipping fees price) is that the thumbholes are a bit tight, and the built-in gloves are a pain if not in use.
@jamie panda how do we request to self clear through dhl? i'm nervous about these custom costs!
paying for customs
any idea how much customs canadians are paying, dhl is the courier
western canada here, just received my shipping confirmation email. not listed was the travel blanket that i paid extra for, am i to assume this is shipped separate from the gloves/jackets/bottles?
@bruce: the tag on my jacket is labeled m. i remember an earlier comment from someone who ordered an lt, but got a jacket labeled l. honestly, i don't think they bothered making the tall sizes after all those promises.
still nothing in connecticut.  venting about how angry i am that i still don't have it.  my patience is gone.  this is beyond absurd.
piece of advice to my canadians stuck with dhl, request to self-clear your items so you don't have to pay their processing fee. it's worth a try since if you do it soon enough they shouldn't decline.
how is it that people in canada, northwest suburbs of chicago and wisconsin are all getting their jackets but i, living in downtown chicago, hasn't? what sense does that make???
getting my jacket today, will do a thorough review once i have it.
nyc, still nothing. no shipping confirmation email, no jacket.
just got my shipping info for toronto! oh i can't wait to pay dhl with my soul.
any update my order status? i can't got any update email it is ship out?  it need to delivery to macao
got the shipping email this morning.  vancouver bc backer 2747
hello, i have tried to contact the support 5 times already and still no answer !!!!! i did not receive the right color for my jacket. so i want to know what to do to receive the good one. please answer. thanks
@deanne i got an email from baubax's email.
@deanne i never got a tracking email and my jacket literally just popped up this morning.
i'm sure that this is listed somewhere in the 10000+ comments, but can someone help me cut through them, by answering a few for me (thanks in advance!!)...what is the send name on the tracking email?  i am still waiting (somewhat patiently) and have still not received a tracking email let alone the shipment.  i realized, i probably need to stalk my spam folder to make sure that i am not missing it.  any help is appreciated!
bruce... alex and i are nice people!  i can't speak for him but i am nice!  just not to *some* people and most certainly not when it comes to baubax.  i know what you were saying there, though, so it's okay.  ;-) i'm going to be digging again.  there seems to be far too many people posting in the review group about tall sizes which baubax is trying to tell them they did, indeed get and that the "identifier" on their tags isn't just the size but, rather in the barcode itself. if anyone still has their barcodes for their tall sized products, please feel free to join the review group and post a picture of the barcode itself and tell us the size you ordered.  i feel a sleuthing binge coming on... https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@trouble the large size for bomber and windbreaker fits perfectly for me but for sure  these sizes run small.as it is this size is very form fitting and i wouldn't be able to layer to much underneath without looking bulky myself. lol.i'm not the slimmest petite  person but my usual sizes in jackets usually run small, to medium.
so, i finally decided to use the support@baubax.com last night to check on why i hadn't gotten any shipping information. i gave my backer number (what they are using as the order #) and asked if i could get shipping information. i received the automated response and 3 minutes later i received shipping information, with tracking from fedex. the tracking number didn't pull up anything until about half an hour later. it's supposed to get to me in nebraska by tuesday. this might work for anyone else waiting for tracking information.
just got my shipping notification.  on april fool's day.  sounds about right!
just received my jacket today in singapore! didnt receive any tracking number or email so folks in the region might receive theirs soon. :)
fyi for the doubters (i'll believe it when i see it) -i'm in richmond va and received notice that my jacket will arrive april 8th.  not bad, only 5 months late.
leo does not want to get into kitten pocket. i believe it was rolts that pointed out second button inside hood and a small button loop on the neck pillow to keep it in place.  works well.
@julia gosztyla ziobro, i ordered the bomber and blazer in large, both are small on me.  see my prior post.
hi team, i just received an invoice for ca. £100 in duties and taxes. i am assuming this is related to my baubax order as the country of origin says hong kong. i wanted to confirm that this is something that is standard for all purchasers in the uk. look forward to hearing from you.
@ bruce gilliland, thank you for the advice, will do.
@ trouble - take the baubax jacket and lay it on top of another jacket that does fit correctly. take measurements and photos. also, note the size label. did the shipper send you the wrong size, or did the manufacturer mislabel the jacket? you will need to do all this to gather evidence of the crime committed.
@ trouble - see my comment just below yours.
just got my package today, yippee!    both jackets are too small, boooooo.  there is no way this is a large, 12/14 size.  i wear 10/12 and sized up to be safe.  quality appears good but sizing is off for women's large.
re wrong jacket sizes - mandy wilkerson's posts about 16 and 12 hours ago about the too short sleeves on her jacket bring up a couple of issues. 1. clearly someone messed up. but: 2. is the jacket actually labeled mt, or is it labeled m or maybe even s? if labeled something other than mt, it could mean that the shipper shipped the wrong sized jacket. however, 3. if the jacket is labeled mt, then the manufacturer messed up and mislabeled the jacket or incorrectly cut and sewed the garment. 4. either way, baubax should correct the problem and provide the correct size. but this is where the real problem will occur. baubax has said they will exchange jackets for a different size, but the backer has to pay shipping both ways.#  the intent of this policy is for people who may have misjudged or mis-measured their size (or changed weight significantly). in that case, it makes sense that the backer pay the costs. however, when it is clear that the jacket received does not match the size (or color or type) listed in the backer's order confirmation e-mail, then baubax ought to be responsible for the mistake and pay for shipping. will they do that? i doubt it. that's where things will really get nasty. kat and alex will look like nice people compared to what will happen if baubax refuses to correct problems that were the fault of the manufacturer or shipper. #as an earlier backer noted, baubax apparently still does not have in place methods and procedures to handle exchanges. my guess is they are waiting to see how many jackets and of what types and sizes they have left before moving ahead. i am not convinced they will have enough jackets to handle all mistakes. ps: it must be noted that many people, maybe the majority of posters here, say the size is good or at least acceptable.
is there an update as to when new york might get there jackets.
i received mine yesterday. but i have question on how to wear them properly or where all the functions are. i think i might be missing a button holding strap thingy.
zürich switzerland - i have just got my jacked this week (it took about 3-5 weeks in duty and tax clearance from the local postoffice....) i am satisfied the overall quality is better then expected and im glad i waited the time it took. it is very comfy and in good quality (no stinky china product here ! ) i got all the extras and even some more :) to mention extra: gloves, eye mask, all the diffrent pockets (very good seam) and finally the travel pen - its awsome and it works ! i hope you guys get yours asap but dont hurry good things need time! many thanks to baubax at this point. maurice
perth australia - just received the bomber and sweat that i ordered. absolutely love them, the quality is great, both fit perfectly. there's a bit of weight to them both, but not really noticeable when wearing, i actually like that. the gloves aren't meant to cover your hands fully, as you have the pull out sectors (original pictured as the gloves) on the sleeves and the water bottle was free. if you don't like them, don't use them. all i can say guys is, i know with all the negative comments and the time that has passed, its hard not to worry or freak out yours might not come. be patient, i'm sure like me, it will be worth the wait. i'm a happy camper and will still continue to support other kickstarter projects. thank you baubax :)
still waiting for any sign of life from the worst managed, worst run, least satisfying kickstarter campaign in history for its' backers to let me know when florida is blessed enough to get shipments. ballbag, you company really is a joke and i hope you keep some of that $9mm, you will need it when you company circles the drain soon enough!
me nothing in france... :/
@kennieth holmes about 6 hours ago re: "i paid for 2 jackets last june and have yet to receive anything.............. we are coming up on a whole year now like damn, ..." for the sake of accuracy and not to denigrate your comments: - campaign ended in september, with kickstarter collect funds 2 weeks later in late september. - surveys for size, style, colour etc sent out in october. - production started in mid to late october. - initial estimates for delivery was november (this was a preproduction estimate.) so, you could not have paid in june as the campaign only launched in july. your pledge was collected in september.  i'm sorry you haven't received your reward yet, but despite the delay and very poor communication, it's not near a year since you paid nor since it was estimated to be delivered.
cleveland, ohio, usa backer here, got my tracking number yesterday eta 04/06/2016..... i can finally breathe a sigh of relief.
can someone please let me know the measurements to a women's small bomber.  i've ordered 2 bombers for women who are size 2 and 4, so i'm worried about sizing being too small...i.e. the length of the arms and circumference or width of the jacket zipped, so that i can still change sizing, if possible...also, if there's sufficient room to layer underneath the jacket...that may be the silver lining to the unbearably long wait.  thanks!!!
got my blazer a few days ago, fits well, looks really good, has a few loose threads and i haven't had a chance to use all the features but i really like the zipper pen/stylus. i'm wearing it to my next big company meeting
just got my order and it's amazing! just as amazing as the customer service! thank you baubax....... april fools, and you're customer service is awful! still waiting here in los angeles ;(
got my sweatshirts in los angeles ca. great quality, thick, and warm.
got mine and i love it so much awesome.
finally got mine and despite measuring carefully and sizing up a bit, my bomber is too small! the sleeves are really snug and it's too tight across the back. so now i get to wait months? more to exchange? my normal blazer size is 12, with a 10 sometimes fitting me, so i ordered a large which is supposed to fit a 12/14. not a chance! so i guess i need a 16 even though that's two or three sizes larger than i commonly wear. has anyone got the windbreaker and the bomber that could tell me if the sizing is more generous in one or the other? i'll ask them to swap the style as part of my exchange, if so. thanks
i received a s women's bomber jacket and mt men's blazer yesterday. i was very happily surprised with the sizing - they are perfect. comfortable and feels nice. waited a long time so i'm happy that quality doesn't seem to have been compromised! thanks!
about to enter another month of waiting on my jackets to arrive....any ideas or shipping info.  yes, i am now starting to lose my cool about it.
toronto, canada. no tracking number yet.
i realize this us utterly feckin' useless but here goes anyway...time for a shipping status update baubax!!!
we got our jacket in nyc! baubax was super responsive with tracking information too. the product fits perfectly and is just awesome. love it! arrived just in time for our trip to japan!
reviews, rants commiserate: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
anyone in texas get their jacket yet? i've asked for shipping updates but of course no useful response from the company.
i paid for 2 jackets last june and have yet to receive anything. reading all the comments about the sizing, i am super worried now. if you are thinking about buying this jacket, don't. we are coming up on a whole year now like damn, did they have to personally grow the material???
still waiting on the jacket. i keep getting the runaround and being told for weeks that it is "processing." i requested a refund and was refused. i am so disappointed in this whole project.
been waiting for quite some time.  no updates and as andrew roldan mentions we are still waiting in the dark.  a few months ago you promised to be more forthcoming with information but i feel that as the time goes by, we actually hear less and less updates!
how do we know if the jackets have shipped? we're just waiting on the dark without an option to see tracking or anything related to shipping.
i ordered in july and my bomber-style jacket arrived today. it looks very nice, seems like it will be useful. but the first thing that happened when i took it out of its plastic bag was that the pen/stylus fell off the zipper pull. i reattached it, but it falls off again at the slightest nudge so i put it in the pocket with the little pen refills. disappointed that it doesn't work as intended, but it's not worth spending another eight months trying to replace.
aaaaahhh!!! my jackets are here!! i just came home to a package!
received my bomber in norcal today. it's way too small, which is a huge disappointment after waiting for it for so long. the hood is super bulky, but the body is light weight, which is nice. the arms have a lining in them which will catch on any sort of material you have on under the coat. such a bummer.
received my jackets today in southern cali.  sizing was good!
chicago, illinois. received my men's xxl blue hoodie today. still have not received any emails. i like it. it's very heavy material. haven't played with all the pockets and stuff yet, but i will enjoy finding them all in time. included gloves are clearly designed to work in tandem with the attached sleeve gloves and are thus half sized in the palm area. i'm happy with my purchase.
got mine today on the east coast. shipping notice came from shipping@baubax.com, which i had added to my email contacts (some who are surprised by their shipment may have had the message sent to junk mail). overall i think the features are pretty cool, although i had to watch a video review to figure out what and where everything was. the half scoop gloves work well on touch screens and do not look that weird if you have the built in cuffs over your thumbs. sizing for women's definitely runs small. i had ordered a size larger than normal and still cannot zip it up unless the bottom hem is hiked above my hips, though the fit in the shoulders and arms is comfortable. men's sizing seems looser judging by the second jacket in my pack. i am excited to try this while traveling although i now wish i'd gotten a sweatshirt instead of the windbreaker. but i might change my tune on that if i ever get caught in the rain...
so i measured the arm length of my jacket to compare where it should have been if they had actually bothered making the tall lengths and followed their measuring instructions. mt was supposed to have a sleeve length of 33.5 inches, which made it to my wrist. the jacket they sent me has a sleeve length of just about 29.5 inches, making it to the middle of my forearm. that's not even what they had put down for the xs size on the sizing chart! baubax, when are you going to admit that your sizing chart is completely false (especially since there was one sizing chart for multiple kinds of jackets) and admit you're in the wrong? oh, wait. never. because you're a perfect example of a startup company, right? not even laughable at this point.
fyi just received tracking info, calgary, ab canada, show dhl as courier. i will comment again when i receive it, hope this helps out some of my fellow canucks out there.
finally got my jacket, too small and emailed them 3 days ago to try to exchange, no word back. great idea but bad communication.
still nothing is seattle. and the warehouse is in las vegas?  what a joke of a company.  no communications at all.  i am ready to start a class action lawsuit to get my money back.
got a tracking number today on long island.  of course it says they're sending a blue bomber when i switched to a black but at this point i don't really care.
from nyc, didn't receive anything yet ... listening to the size concerns, is it too late to change size if they haven't shipped?
received my jackets today.  don't fit.  too tight.
received my sweatshirt in boston today out of the blue with no e-mail with tracking number. ordered a size s and after reading comments i was afraid it was going to be too small but if anything it's slightly on the big side. the quality seems excellent with thick but yet very soft fabric. i'm not entirely sure how smart the smart features are though. the neck pillow is to heavy to have in the hood for example but a good looking high quality hoody with lots of pockets never the less.
to potential buyers.. don't. these people are unresponsive and from the people who actually got their jackets, the quality is poor and the fit terrible. what a waste of money.
@owen. i'm also betting on you receiving your japan delivery first!
ok, some more complaints (i hate to be negative about this) but the complimentary gloves are awful, they don't even cover my whole hand (and my hands are pretty petite!) i won't even be able to wear them, the only person i think they could fit is a child. also, the eye cover seems to be sewn incorrectly and barely reaches my eyes. there's no way a taller person than i could fit well in these jackets (i'm only 5'4 and ordered the medium thinking it would be fine, order the large or else you will have a hard time moving around). also, if any of you were curious i'm out in la, so you should be getting yours soon.
my bomber jacket finally arrived today. like everyone says, sizing runs on the small side. the bomber is definitely very fitted when zipped up, so i would not be able to use it for its intended purpose as advertised with all those features.
anyone from nyc here? i still didn't receive a tracking number or jacket. i've been wondering if anyone from nyc got anything yet.
i received my sweatshirt today and was wondering: does anyone else's sleep mask pulls in the sides of the hood and makes it look like your head is being pinched or do i just have a faulty jacket?
shipping email notification went out march 24, got mine in houston tx today (march 31) via ups and us mail. large men's black bomber, should have gone with the xl at least. anyone order too big and looking for a smaller size?
just received my jacket in the mail. the overall quality is pretty good but they do run a bit small (and i'm a pretty averaged sized person), the jacket fits but there's no way i can comfortably wear it and use the pockets the way i wanted to. i also had some issues with the built in gloves and hood. the gloves are going to be annoying since they are made to be worn all the time and if it's a tight fit then it will be difficult to put them back in the sleeves. the pillow feature is a great idea but it's uncomfortable to wear in the hood. i'm hoping that they will let me exchange this for a size up, i just hope it won't take another year to get to me.
any canadians here? i didn't even get a tracking number yet....
totally disappointed at the lack of communication and extreme delay. expecting this near the holidays and it's nearly april and still no jacket!!!!!
@alex: if they tell me i have to pay return shipping, i'll tell them to shove that return shipping where the sun don't shine.
gloves are probably going to be a problem for people with fit. i am hoping they increased the size of the gloves based on the jacket size ordered. i got a large jacket and they gave me medium gloves. the gloves just fit and i am 5'7". quality not as good as the jacket but they were thrown in for free.
i got the package today without the email notification, anyway, i'm in alexandria virginia.
got mine in virginia. quality of materials seems good and no problems with fit.
you're extremely satisfied with the accessories? the cheapest, ill-fitting most ludricrous gloves imaginable, a terribly overpriced piece of poorly cut cloth and a plastic water bottle that you get in 99c stores. really?
just got mine in minnesota! extremely satisfied with quality of materials, accessories, and fit! thank you, baubax!
@mandy, they will tell you have to pay return shipping, as not once have they shown a sliver of basic decency or attempted customer service.
just to let everyone know: if you ordered a tall size, you will be receiving a regular size. ordered an mt because after several measurements knew it would by long enough for my arms, and got a m. the arm length is a joke. ends halfway down my forearm which means they are running really small. of course, baubax decided it wasn't important enough to tell us they wouldn't be making the tall sizes after all, so i couldn't update my size accordingly. i will be asking for a refund immediately. here's hoping they don't tell me i have to pay return shipping because this whole campaign has been one big joke.
aaron russo - i'm in ct and received mine today.  quality is good, but size is off.  based on the info posted from 3/10, i'm not going to return it, but live with it.  i have already ordered another jacket from another kickstarter project - and i hope it will be on time.  as for being patient, we have been, and this is only the 2nd of multiple kickstarter projects that i have backed that have ever been late.  all i can say is that i hope they learned something from this before they start any other projects.
tzer shyang chin, you talk about patience and tardiness of ks campaigns. you haven't touched on communication (or lack thereof). two entirely separate issues. on the first, it may be out of the creator's control or they may be too inexperienced. refusing to write updates, censoring comments, obfuscating like obfuscation is why they were put on this earth - that is in the creator's control and it is frankly appalling the way they have treated us.
finally received in michigan :)  quite happy with the sweatshirt. haven't tried the silly gloves though. pillow is weird. i hate having it in my hood and find inflating it to be incredibly absurd.
up here in canada, no word about shipping or from a pm i sent baubax 30 march 2016.
backer #35,240 from iowa. just received my blazer jacket. quality seems well built, as with all kickstarter backing, the seasoned backers know that almost none of them actually arrive on time. if you have issues with that, you shouldn't even be on kickstarter in the first place. the creators however could have done a better job to appease the backers but who would've thought they had do make so many sets of jackets? backers should understand that most of the ideas on kickstarter are here to raise funds for startups, many great things came from it and we should not scared the potential ones away. thank you and be patient!
@dedeworld: i haven't seen anyone from canada getting the actual items, just the tracking information. and if i remember correctly, they were going to receive it through dhl. i'm still betting on getting the items from japan before i get this blazer.
anyone receive their orders in canada yet? i've already resigned myself that i might not be getting it for another few months, but wondering about the cost of the customs tax/duties?  how much are we looking at?  thanks.
@chris: the only consistency to expect is that they are consistently inconsistent.
@owen, good point.  if there's anything i learned in this experience, it's not to expect any sort of consistency.
@chris whitmore: i think that's only if shipping to certain areas, but i could be mistaken.
@aaron, from what other people have said, it does ship originally via ups but they hand it off to usps.
ct here - just got my shipping tracking information (was shipped today) - but not before i had to complain i didnt get it first.  i recommend trying to contact them via the website.  shipped ups... meaning im probably going to have to pick it up at the ups store since i wont be home to receive.  fun.
sf, california here - received my bomber today. as most everyone has said, it seems well made but does run smaller than i'd prefer. gonna try with a few other items from my wardrobe and see how i feel before doing anything drastic. my only real complaint/whine is that the pull down eye shade barely covers my forehead �
nyc here, just received the email with my tracking number.
tracking details for hong kong received. 2 days after writing to support enquiring on overall status.
fl received.  abysmal communication from this creator, product as advertised.
florida here.. still waiting..
no sign of any jackets in la .... every kickstart deal i have done is min of 8 months behind they own dates of shipping out products .... i think again about using kickstarter again  sucks being me ......
has anyone in los angeles received their order for 2 or more styles? can you please let me know what company's handling shipping? i ordered jackets in july 2015 and still have no tracking confirm.  baubax said they would finish fulfilling kickstarter orders before other platforms, but people on indiegogo (int'l orders) are receiving theirs...logistically, i understand fulfilling int'l orders if you have product in the warehouse, but do so without making a blanket statement that you'll complete kickstarter orders before other platforms...it's very misleading.  also, if you read through indiegogo comments, customer service actually responds to indiegogo backers...there seems to be a disparity in communication amongst the 2 platforms.
hey baubax, any chance i can get my blazer the front half of this year? again, no communication since 3/10, that would have gone a long way in satisfying frustrated customers. when does florida get their deliveries?
the gloves, too small or not too small, are cheap pieces of rubbish, and not in any way comparable to the quality of the jacket. i would be surprised if anyone used them at all. that part doesn't bother me though, i never expected there to be gloves.
@ mike kopack - re gloves - yes, the gloves are meant to cover only the fingers up to where the built-in gloves stop. i realize not everyone understands that. but i think there could be a different, more relevant, issue. in all likelihood, all of those gloves are the same size. and some people have larger hands or longer fingers than others. so, i believe there is a good possibility that the gloves are too small for some people. i would be very surprised if baubax ordered different sized gloves. those were an add-on "gift," and we did not get to order a glove size.
just received my sweatshirt and blazer both in mens size large. first impressions are that the quality is really top notch! worth the wait for sure. as for the size i am glad i ordered large instead of medium. i am 5'10" and 185lbs average build and the blazer fits me perfect. i could easily wear a button down under it with no issue. the sweatshirt feels a tiny bit large on me but in a mirror it looks just right and i think most would agree you want a sweatshirt to be a little big if anything. the gloves are the only accessories that feel cheap and i can't see using them, also i can see them being too small for some men. will post more once i have had a chance to wear them out.
holy smokes the comment section is just blowing up here!  i don't have time to read back through what i've missed but if people are looking to do swaps we've created a n.american group for that purpose here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/ also, per peopole who want everyone to here about there thoughts on the jackets, per leaving a review per our review group you can do that hear (i'm channelling toddduh):  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
i was backer number 5,489. i ordered a single zipper hoodie and my order just arrived :-)  i'm in oklahoma, usa.  i did not receive an emailed notice that it was in route, so it was a nice surprise today!  sizing seems a little on the slim side, but it worked out okay.  everything seems comfortable and now i have to remember which pocket is for which thing.  the length of the sleeves is great and i love the wrist warmers/thumb holes.  the stylus/telescoping pen took some priming to get working but seems okay now.  i hope it doesn't loosen so much over time that it falls out, but the construction seems pretty solid. the water bottle is meh, but i have another better one of similar size in my camping gear i will likely swap it out for.  the spare gloves went into the lower inside pocket and there is a 100% chance i will never remember they are there.  the pillow is surprisingly awesome, though.  i admit it was the feature i was most looking forward to.  the pillow case is super soft velour and there are neck snaps to keep it in place.  also, the microfiber cloth is attached with a bungee cord making it almost impossible to lose.  this is a great idea.  there are three in refills for the pen in the left breast pocket.  the eye mask is basically a giant hood liner that can go over your whole face making it both warm and comfy but it doesn't block out all the light as a traditional wrap around eye mask would.    so essentially, pros:  i do really like the jacket and it seems well constructed.  cons, shipping timeline and lack of communication from the company which had many of us concerned that we'd lost our money.
sweater arrived today in brooklyn. first impressions are solid, good thick materials, sturdy stitch work. that said, i will never ever again deal with this company. worst kickstarter experience bar none. and no, it was not the delays, would have happily waited another year, if there had been some sliver of humility on the creators side.
i just received mines in the mail today here in s. nj and my first impression is: the blue sweatshirt jacket is heavy but i can work with that. my ipad 2 fits fine in its pocket.  the quality of the jacket is spot on and fits well. @mike kopack. i thank you for telling us about those small ass gloves. i don't see that update. but, if i hated anything it would be those gloves. i like the water bottle too. you guys did great. thank you.
my bomber and hoodie is being delivered tomorrow after having to pay an extra £75 for: customs duty: £23.38 import vat: £43.65 clearance fee: £8 hopefully they fit otherwise i'll have to ebay as i'm not going to exchange and pay another £75 on top!!
has anyone tried calling rakuten "super" logistics yet? i'm wondering if they could shed any light on the east coast shipping trickle. i think i'll try when i have a few free minutes. maybe they care more about their reputation than baubax does?  866-983-7447/866-955-7793 and @alex jarman, @owen "great mountain" middleton yeah, i thought that reply was just so perfectly baubax.
have baubax made even one single decision that isn't purely in their own selfish interest, (even if it alienates their original backers)? the answer is no. the culture is to be look after themselves above all else and to sociopathic levels.
@timothy, i didnt receive a tracking number for south florida. it just showed up today. @mike kopack, thanks for the info, figured it out after some digging. i have not checked updates in a while since there were a lot of delays and all, been on ks for a while so i know that it would eventually work itself out or i lost my money, glad i received it after all :).
there is the most fantastic irony in baubax saying in their bbb response that "making false claims will not be accepted"
people.... the "too small gloves" everyone is complaining about - they are meant to be used in conjunction with the sleeve gloves, not on their own! that's why they don't cover your palms. does nobody read the damn updates or look at the campaign video!?!
backer#8,887 (midwest) just received our 2 bomber jackets; they look great, and feel really solid (as in material)  never received a tracking # (so it was like x-mas)  pillow needs to be removed to get the full support (on the neck) can't wait to try it out in the elements. jc
can anyone comment on when they got their tracking number (and how? email?) and then how long afterwards they got their jackets? thanks
backer #1799, i got my jackets this week! the women's sizing seems off. i ordered a l, which based on their sizing should fit perfectly. it's a full size to small. luckily i'm on a weight loss plan so by next fall my bomber should fit perfectly. i also ordered a men's l sweatshirt and it fits perfectly! i love the sweatshirt! i took the pillow thing out of the hood since i'm not using it for the plane now. this is my new favorite sweatshirt!! it's super comfy and warm. i'd consider buying another one once these guys get their act together and have actual retail and the shipping gets sorted out.
@ megan - re lack of "built-in" pillow. i don't have my jacket yet, so i will reserve final judgment until i can actually try it. but, based on many comments about the heavy weight of the pillow, i want to be able to remove it most of the time. for me, i would rarely use the pillow in the times that i would use the windbreaker i ordered. of course, i spend little time on planes and none on commuter trains, buses, etc. for me the bigger question is whether the pillow can actually be inflated as shown in the video. can a real user inflate the pillow when it is in the hood? some time back, rolts from australia posted this comment. i saved it for future use. it might be helpful to you and others. - @all: re: built in pillow; took some time to have a close look at the pillow and hood arrangement on my bomber jacket today.  unbuttoning the hood lining reveals a second button above the closure button. on the back of the pillow covering is a small elastic loop. i think it is intended that this is the attachment method; use the loop and the higher button to connect the pillow to the jacket.  the pillow can then remain attached to the hood. to use the pillow, unbutton the hood to expose the pillow, inflate. when finished, deflate, put inside hood lining, button closed.
@ laura mejia and other east coast backers - jackets appear to be slowly trickling out of the shipping facility in north carolina. there are have been several reports (see brian in new jersey and karen in michigan just 2 hours ago). note that shipments appear to be random - no single versus multiple orders, no relation to backer number, etc. and they don't seem to not be moving very fast. i suspect they are shipping at best only a few hundred a day. remember, they did not start shipping to east coast and canadian backers until 2-3 weeks later than what they said in their last update. it could be late april or early may before most of us get our jackets. west coast backers are still getting their jackets a month after shipping started out there.
woah, what? "...result of a company of two people..." that is a lie, and they know it.
the l seems like a tight fit, but i did gain a few pounds... either i lose some or exchange, but dont want to pay 2 way shipping and wait anymore... decisions decisions...
well, i am in coral springs, fl and just received my sweatshirt and tried it on, its awesome. i was not expecting this delivery, i almost forgot about the jacket altogether. material is awesome and seems very durable. the pen comes with the built in tip and 3 replacement tips as well. i have not opened the blanket yet. i ordered size l however there are some gloves that came with it (not the built in on sleeves ones) that were size medium, so i guess i need to write and exchange those for large. i guess one less project to wait for on my ks list :d
well, i'm glad to see that they have a bbb® f rating on a scale of a+ to f. i'm not sure it makes any difference to baubax, but at least it's out there. http://www.bbb.org/alaskaoregonwesternwashington/business-reviews/clothing-retail/baubax-llc-in-redmond-wa-90007823 i just rejected their second reply to my complaint there. they still don't address the non "built-in" pillow issue, among other things: "baubax is truly sorry for the delays, which were the result of a company of two people receiving orders for approximately 50,000 jackets, which (per kickstarter standards) did not actually exist. the team has done absolutely everything in its power to produce the jackets to its backers' satisfactions. both east and west coast facilities are shipping orders and customers are receiving their jackets throughout north america. regarding deleted complaints & negative feedback on social media, we encourage our customers to provide quality feedback, however, making false claims, such as "scam" or "fraud" will not be accepted and therefore removed. furthermore, your order has been processed and you should be receiving your tracking information very soon. at this point, refunds are not possible, because all orders have been produced and shipping information has been sent to our fulfillment centers for processing. we appreciated your continued support and patience as we get your order to you."
just received my black windbreaker (medium) in florida. sadly, it looks like ordered too small and need to go for the large. shot in the dark here, but does anyone have a large black windbreaker who wants to swap theirs out for a medium? message me if you do: @hmhackmaster or michael@potts.it other than that, i am pretty pleased with the quality!
backer # 1532 here.  just received my single men's blue bomber here in sf yesterday.
has anyone in the east coast, particulary new york recieved their jackets yet?  i havent, and ive reached out to them mutilple times, and have yet to recieve any reply.
package arrived today in germany... did not pass customs. i had to pay an extra of 80€ and had the spend 2 hours at the customs office. :(
@justin a, just talked about the zipper thing a few posts below yours.  it's common in other parts of the world besides the us to have the zipper on the same side for both male and female, as well as cheaper for baubax to produce.
@gm, i'm everywhere!  lol   *disappears into the background*
nm, saw some posts below this
8905 here, arrived two days ago, wasn't there to sign for it, dropped off last night instead. black blazer and bomber. question on the bomber though, the zip seems to be on the opposite side of most zippers. for men, the zip is usually on the left side of the jacket (right sight looking down while wearing). the blazer has the internal hoodie on the correct size, but the mens black bomber in large does not. anyone else have that issue?
uuhhhh....still no word/e-mail on shipping or products. what's the status?...will i ever receive my 4 jackets?
there was an influx of deliveries for those in sg this week, all without tracking number.  so fellow singaporeans, don't worry and wait a few more days! :)  looking for a swap for windbreaker women red size m. mine is size s.  here's a local fb group for discussion, rants and exchanges: https://www.facebook.com/groups/783956771737069/
i'm backer #486 and just got my bomber in malaysia. am very pleased with the quality. thanks.
i would love to know when am i going to get the jacket. i"m in nj, and had no news since the last update. i thought they all shipped already. would you please let me know the eta?
@chameleon prime: why did i not realize you were part of the backers of this as well?!
@bruce g, thanks for the response.  i thought that was probably the case.  i just wanted to check.  :)
@ an tran - sorry for the late response. you asked where the blanket pocket is. according top the picture at the top of this page, it is on the inside, lower left. i don't have my jacket yet. is there a large pocket there? i have seen people ask how all the pockets are to be used, but i don't recall anyone specifically addressing the blanket pocket.
@ brucep - sorry for the late response. the zipper has been discussed on a few occasions in the past. i brought it up several weeks ago when the issue was first reported. based on responses from others, in australia for example, apparently, the "right'handed" zipper  for men's clothing is primarily an american thing. it was less expensive for baubax to put the same type zippers in all jackets.
got jacket last night in nj. never had tracking number, it just came in the mail. amazing quality and fits perfect!
finally got my jackets in michigan.
can i get an update? i haven't received any communication other than telling me that they are delayed... (almost 4 months now). don't have a shipment code... can i get one please?
i'm backer #00312 - one of the first 500... - i still have not received anything on east coast, nor does baubax respond with anything except their generic "orders are being shipped out" message.
uk here. this whole experience has been rubbish from start to finish. 9(!!) days ago i finally got a tracking number.  woot, my jacket is coming, i thought. 4 days ago it made it to uk customs. today i had to call parcelforce as nothing had changed in my baubax aftership link and it hasn't even been sorted yet!!  the only thing they know is there will be a £38 customs charge (yay more money) and maybe just maybe i might get it in a week or so. what a crock. i buy stuff on ebay and amazon from hk all the time. never once had to pay customs fees and always got my items quickly. baubax is a farce. i'm now just expecting the jacket not to fit and me to sell it on ebay, as in not bloody paying to ship it back. :(
black women's bomber delivered today in southern california, on schedule (per the tracking info i received at least). i do wish i'd gotten a tall, but i'm just thankful that it's here and everything appears to be in order. i'll give it a proper test tomorrow but so far i'm content.
i got my women's bomber today. southern california. it really is smaller than the size on the chart. i ordered a large and i wear a size m-l and it is very tight. it closes but tight.
does anybody want to trade a m black bomber for a l any color bomber?
got my jacket today in socal. i love it! got the bomber in a small even though i meant to get an xs. luckily it still fit great which means it's probably a little small for everyone because i accidentally got a size up. i love everything about it except the gloves that are annoying when you don't want them and the pillow pocket which is in the hood and gives an awkward bump. other than that it's perfect! the wait was totally worth it.!
@kat, you are completely right. very eagle-eyed. also all your comments have been deleted. they're running a totalitarian regime on there.
got the jacket. got the bomber. excellent product. material is of really good quality. a lot of people say the size feels smaller than expected in that it won't allow for layering. i think it's not so bad. i think it allows for thin layering. if it is any bigger, it would look too bulky. the sleeve for the hands aren't so bad either. it can easily be tucked and doesn't really bother me or impede any sort of function. my 2 concerns involve the gloves and the space that contains the inflatable neck pillow. the gloves that it came with, those don't cover the entire hands? it doesn't cover the palms. regarding the space where the inflatable neck pillow is contained, instead of a regular button, it might be better and more sturdy if you use a snap-on button.
@brucep: i don't mind late, what i mind is the problems of them swapping tall size / larger size jackets for smaller / non-tall jackets. if the jacket doesn't match the size given on the original chart, i'm going to be miffed.
oh you people that are new to kickstarter.  almost every one is late with delivery.  some late by years.  relax.  you'll get your stuff.
haven't received anything yet. please send an update or else i'll have to cancel the order all together. this is ridiculous! we were promised these jackets back in december, seems like a con now.
nyc. no tracking. no jacket. i don't know about the jackets, but you suck, baubax.
i just received my jacket in norcal today. i was backer #16,014. i got my shipping notification on monday. i love the jacket! i got an xs black bomber and it fits perfectly. i am 5'2", 105 lbs. and the jacket is slimming and high quality. agreed with the others who have received their jacket that the built-in partial-gloves are great if you want them but if you don't want to use them, you have to cram them back into the cuff making them awkwardly bulky. i wish you could detach them by velcro or something. the detached gloves aren't anything special and look comically small and odd if you put them on without the built-in gloves. otherwise, i'm really impressed with the quality and style, it completely met my expectations. the bomber will be perfect for spring/fall and is not as heavy as others had mentioned. i hope everyone will get their jacket soon, i think it was completely worth the wait vs. getting a jacket sooner of poor quality.
ohio. one bomber. still no tracking number.
where is the blanket pocket located? can't find it in my jacket anywhere. and how would i go about exchanging size, it is running a little small compare to a regular m.
hi, i`m backer #35,656, still not receive yet. i`m from malaysia.
i got my bomber jacket today!  it's pretty cool.  perhaps a tiny bit on the small side, but not bad. here's a question, though:  is everyone's zipper on the "female" side?   meaning, when it's unzipped, the zipper is on the left side.  on all male jackets i've bought here in the us (i'm in california), the zipper is on the right side.  but this is the 2nd jacket i've gotten from kickstarter with the zipper on the left side.  i'm wondering if that's the way it is in other parts of the world and the us just has zippers on either side for male or female jackets?  anyone have any input?
backer #9,187; chicago northern suburbs; two sweatshirts arrived, one medium men's and one medium women's. both are very nice quality. my 15 year old son is a medium men's size, although he's quite lean. fit is great, but again, he's very lean. women's medium is tight on my daughter, size 8-10. plan to exchange.
hey thanks, john!  actually you can look at it either way.  if i seemed confused it's because i was!  lol!  i *just* figured it out.  if you click "campaigns" it shows "campaigns i'm on" (zero unless you've held a campaign).  "campaigns i've funded".  and "campaigns i'm following". if you click on activity you will see all of a persons comments (well, at least those of which still remain after they got done purging them from public view) and, unless there's tons of activity, what they contributed to.  in my case i don't know what you would see under activity because they still show me all my hidden comments. the best place to see contributions, it seems, is by clicking on the "campaigns" selection.
i am about to move to a new address, i am yet to receive a confirmation of shipping. i am uncertain who to e-mail about this, or whether my jacket will be shipped in time before i move. any advice?
you guys! bomber jacket is freaking ba! totally worth the wait! received in texas today!
finally got my jacket!
@kat does make a good point.. it says they followed, not that they funded (whereas kat's profile says she funded baubax)
you should have asked what sized gloves people needed instead of just assuming.  hand size and jacket size are not related.
sorry alex... my bad.  activity.  it shows backed projects.  look at her activity and compare it to the activity of actual backers.
got my sweatshirt today! love it! worth the wait!
@kat but the 'campaigns' refers to the number of campaigns you ran, not that you backed. so you too will also show a 'campaign' number of zero.
sacramento, calif.  just got our bomber, men l.  no tracking number first.   box just showed up on our doorstep.  looks great.  nice, heavy weight.
@alex.  i'll be more specific because it took a bit for me to figure out.  click on her name.  click on "campaigns".  she follows baubax.  didn't back it.
@alex  you can look at his/her profile and see what she/he has supported/backed.  nada.
@kat, why are you so convinced that evelinedell on indiegogo is a baubax stooge? seems legit to me (although a bit of an evangelising twit)
https://www.gottabemobile.com/2016/03/30/baubax-kickstarter/
nicely written. it covers all or most of the points, and i hope more of such press gets out in the open.
just letting peeps know-- i got my jacket, and it's pretty cool.
i have not received my jacket.  is there a way to see when it is expected to ship?
i'm thinking the blazer maybe comes with fewer pockets? i can't find an outside pocket that fits a can of soda, as pictured
received my lt women's black blazer today in los angeles and i love it. i wish there was a video demo of how to use it. i can't figure out where my phone goes (the front pocket where i think it supposed to go is too tight) and i'm not sure where the ear bud cord is supposed to run. similarly, i can't quite figure out yet how to sit the neck pillow inside the hood so it's not lumpy. put all in all, i am delighted. the blow up pillow inflates and deflates very easily--no more attaching a regular neck pillow to the carry-on and getting it all dirty. the built in gloves are detachable on my model (i notice someone commented that they weren't detachable on their model). i only wish i had ordered a blanket now!
got mine today and i was prepared for the worst, but these are actually quite nice. the fit is perfect for me and the sweatshirt is particularly comfy. i could do without the hand warmers, but other than that, no complaints.
@john(sabuu) - nord thanks for the info!
anyone in eastern canada get theirs yet? i am in montreal and still no news. 3 out of my 4 trips i would have liked to use it have come and gone, my next one is in 3 weeks. i better have it by then. baubax, whats your deal yo???
los angeles here - just got my jacket! shipped monday from vegas, arrived today. i am almost always a small, sometimes a medium. ordered a medium and it seems to fit ok, a little snug in the shoulers. can't wear a sweater, but i'm wearing a long sleeved shirt today and wasn't too uncomfortable. the jacket is warmer than i was expecting. not entirely sure how to blow up the air pillow so if anyone has that figured out, let me know.
i my jackets are in my custom mail, i suppose tomorrow i get it, keep calm and wait .....
hot off the presses! https://www.gottabemobile.com/2016/03/30/baubax-kickstarter/
it's disappointing to hear that others on the east coast are receiving their orders that included 2 or more jackets of different styles.  we were to believe that backers ordering only one style of jackets would get their order first. i'm also suspicious that because i have sent emails to baubax complaining of their customer service that my name was dropped to the bottom of the shipping list or removed entirely.
@tara l - mine is shipping from las vegas, nv. the listed shipper for my package is "webgistix corporation" i actually got an email with my tracking # from ups about ~12 hours before baubax sent me it. not sure if that's because i have a (free) ups account with the same email address or not.
haven't read through all the messages since there are so many, but for those who have received their jackets, from where/whom did your tracking emails come from? haven't received an email yet - jackets to be shipped to nyc.
also, sizing is way off if you followed their recommendations. if you want to exchange them, baubax should pay for shipping both ways.
got mine - pretty garbage imo.  will be returning them thanks to discover purchase protection!
just got my blazer delivered to sf - it's nice!  too warm for the current/upcoming seasons, but nice.
oh i forgot to say i'm in california. the delays didn't bother me--it's to be expected, especially with such a monsterous quantity of orders.
i received mine today, think the quality is really good. however it is too small. i didn't gain weight or anything since ordering so i think that their sizing is off. i have a red, female bomber, size large. anyone wanna trade? i would like an xl, any color is fine. i am in colorado.
baubax, can you please send another update informing me of a new shipping date of april/may for peace of mind as march is almost over? and please do not forget the extra photos of your box filled warehouse as they are being prepped and ready to be shipped to touch of modern and not your backers? complete lack of class
i received mine today. it's lovely, but too small :(
michigan - shipped ups sure post on 3/24. said it should have arrived tuesday (arrived at the local post office monday according to ups) -- the usps tracking # doesn't pull any tracking info though, so i have no idea where my sweatshirt is now.
nothing and i ordered mine in early july. this plus knowing people who got them that all say the sizes are wayyyyy off and the fact people are buying these on other sites and getting them before us really bothers me. ive backed a lot of projects before here and on indiegogo and this is one of the worst managed ones along with the awful magic cable on indiegogo
still waiting have heard nothing.
starting to feel like a crazy stalker ex by constantly checking here, twitter and my email for any updates.
any east coast usa recipients?  i have yet to receive either of my jackets...
another useless campaign that did not plan and get their stuff straight before taking peoples money!!  where is my product!! very unprofessional and too many delays.
anyone know how to order a telescopic pen + stylus replacement? my daughter's lost hers and i would love to get her a new one, for her sweatshirt.
still waiting for mine. saw some singapore recipients but nothing on my doorstep. no email, no nothing. what's going on?
i received my black bomber in san francisco yesterday. definitely runs too small - and while the jacket is fine overall, i don't see it being something i would wear traveling because it is so tight. so that sort of defeats the purpose.
i know owen, i've backed projects before and have never had to deal with such disregard for their backers as baubax has shown me and many others.
upstate ny- still waiting. no tracking number or anything. i was really hoping to have it for my trip this weekend.
@donna: not all kickstarter projects are the same. this is definitely one of the bad apples, but that doesn't mean that every single one has the same delays, lack of communication, or blatant disregard for their initial supporters.
still waiting in tampa bay florida for two jackets.  not a single email response from baubax and frankly, i will never back another kickstarter project, ever.  you people are the definition of "inept" and i feel that many of us got ripped off.
and, for those who haven't seen... reviews, rants, commiserating. https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
seattle area late backer received bomber yesterday. very nicely made, although has a weird, chemical odor. can confirm that the sizing runs small.
created a north american swap group for those will ill fitting jackets.... https://www.facebook.com/groups/189131914810950/
@owen thats what i'm thinking. given how many issues people seemed to have had after the campaign ended with payments/rewards, i'm willing to bet some backers were rejected due to bad payment info and ks just doesn't update backer #s afterwards.
@kevin chiu: hmm, that's rather interesting. i'm wondering if the counter under where it says how many backers pledged to help bring this to life changes based on the number of completely processed payments.
@owen "great mountain" middleton: it really does say i'm backer no. 46,4xx.
@priscilla: the fact the it's already shipped out from touch of modern, yeah, that's going to fan the fires against baubax and their claim that backers will receive the jackets before any third party/anyone else.
new york city - received two days ago
after wearing my bomber for a few days here and their when's it's rained or was windy here in norcal, i agree w/ others and wish the gloves were detachable. tucking them in makes yourcuff so bulgy. don't mind the neck pillow in hood but only when i don't plan to have hood over my head, otherwise i have to take it out  as its too bulky. if i didn't think it'd make it bulky looking i would say a design where it's stored in a zipped up compartment behind your neck  either in  the inside or outside lining where baubax logo would be good   for storage and then button it in as it has it now when in use. it is heavy and warmer then one would expect. which is good or bad depending on where you plan to use it. now this is the part that's going to piss people off i was happy with my bomber so decided to get windbreaker and sweatshirt at  touch of modern one of the retailers selling baubax, & while my sweatshirt is still pending processing& shipping maybe longer for it to come, my windbreaker is already shipped out and according to tracking well be delivered tomorrow.
same as mindy, it arrived suddenly. well it feels right and i feel there should be a user manual for it. haha.
i'm in singapore and my package just arrived today, without a tracking number! someone at home helped to receive it, but i suspect there might be a whole influx of jackets coming without tracking numbers... jacket looks great and is just the right size! excited to use it for a trip out of my sunny country.
i was backer #432 and have yet to receive the jacket, any tracking, or any indication that my order will ever arrive.  what's the most frustrating about this is that people are able to get these jackets at other retail sites and will likely get them before i get mine.  if i ever get mine.
i'm getting more concerned with my order not arriving. i've been super patient and understanding until today when i saw the baubax jackets being advertised on ebags.com with a ship date of april 6th. it seems a bit unfair to think i could have just waited and still gotten a discount on this jacket and possibly much sooner than i am by backing them on kickstarter. really getting bummed by this company.
sorry, meant to include i ordered 1 large black windbreaker.
i just received mine in buffalo, ny. i was backer #207(just for reference).          i will say that everyone had me worried because i ordered a large and figured it would be too small from the comments.  i am very pleased with the quality and fit. it is smaller than i typically try and wear, but it is kinda form fitting. i am 5'10 and 200 lbs as well, so not small lol.  i also received two blankets even though i only ordered one.      overall, besides the waiting and lack of communication i am super pleased.
got my shipping notice last week and my bomber yesterday (sw washington state). i'm pleased with the quality. it looks like it will be warm, which i need because i often tend to feel cold. it was also a relief that it arrived just in time for my trip! it's a womens xl, and is a bit snug in the torso, but it's nothing i can't deal with.
reading back through some comments, i had to stop at this one because it made me think, "that sounds like what baubax would do to it's supporters":  nick tesiny about 9 hours ago called them out about a week or 2 ago about the touch of modern sale and never heard back from them lol i can only assume that's why i haven't gotten my jacket on the east coast yet ��
@jimi: no, it said that eastern shipping would begin then, not that every order coming out of the east coast facility would leave the distribution site that day. they are working through the orders, as you can see by other people posting that they are receiving them. be patient... it'll happen, it's just taking them a while to work through all the shipments they have to make.
i'm in the uk still no response to any emails! very disappointed and will be leaving feedback! thought with us being backers we'd come first but obviously the founders don't think like this! unacceptable!!! i back a lot of projects on here & of the 12 i have backed so far all apart from baubax have had the decency to respond to any messages and come back to me with suitable shipping dates etc!
nj backer. ------------- got a tracking email yesterday for a bomber and sweatshirt. supposedly arriving tomorrow. will update once jackets arrive. hang tight, east coast backers.
just got my sweatshirt today, there was no water bottle in the package but it was in the inventory. the inventory also states to check that everything is there immediately after receiving the package, but no mention of what to do if something is missing.
just had mine come yesterday in oh, usa. got an email earlier with tracking information. great quality jacket. i am always skeptical about some over seas manufacturing, (china specifically) but i really am amazed at the quality and attention to details. not to mention the overall functionality of the features! plus i love the addition of the touch screen enabled gloves.
good day all, i just wanted to let you know that i am a canadian backer (located in ontario) and ordered a sweater. i received it yesterday, it was shipped out on 15 march 2016 from lithia springs, georgia, usa. i had to pay about $50 in taxes and duties. overall, i'm very happy with the product. wearing it right now :) i hope this helps anyone in canada waiting.
still nothing in ny, is been 20 days since last update, and on the 1st of march they said eastern u.s. was being shipped the next week, it is now a month later and nothing. .
perth, australia. got my jackets two days ago..one sweatshirt, two bombers and a blazer. no tracking. shipped from hk. all good
2 bomber have arrived finally in taiwan without any tax and no any tracking numbers in advance. except waiting too long, i am very satisfied with the quality and funtions mentioned.  good luck to those who haven't received. it should be soon.
when are midwest shipments going to deliver? or even ship out? still haven't gotten a tracking number email yet.
just got my jackets today (melbourne, australia), ordered 4 jackets, 2 bomber and 2 sweaters. one pair of them was the correct size and colour but the other pair was sent the wrong sizing but nothing i can't live with, just need to lose a few pounds, motivation there!! heavier than expected but what can i complain about the material and amount of cloth on the jacket explains it all. quality of material and stitchings was great, my only down side to the jackets are as some others have commented, the gloves are 3/4 would love that baubax could change it in the future and also the in-built gloves  could be troublesome to tuck in. otherwise everything all good!!
got my jackets in singapore! quality is much better than expected! trying to figure out how to inflate the pillow though
still nothing here in brisbane, australia............. 1 sweatshirt and 3 bombers..........
still nothing here in nj
got our bomber jackets in melbourne today. 8 days after shipping notice. happy with the quality. womens size seems to run small. i had pretty much given up on ever seeing them. good luck all
@kat and alex, don't feel upset about what tom a said to you, he is simply an asshole and coward.
oh, i'm from finland.. and ordered bomber, blazer, sweater and windbreaker (one of each), backer number 2000x or so.
i guess it is my jackets in the customs, at least price matched..  so i paid customs according to my 459 usd backer price.. and it gets 12% tax from jacket and then 24% of value added tax. so.. 459 usd got increased by 181 usd taxes. i just hope that sizes really are accurate and not like described below. long wait will be over soon.. please.. fit.
and whine and complain all you want
@kat & alex: got my clothing, fits perfectly. hope you're bitter personalities enjoy what's shipped to you, but just don't imagine that will happen. y'all bitch that it win't fit, and being 5'10" 160 myself, i assume that it won't fit, because y'all are 5'3 210. just a thought based on your bitterness for life. this is my last post, hence my vitriol.
@grant what is your chest size? and what size of windbreaker that u order?
overall i feel like this is and can be a great product. the baubax team had and has a lot of orders so i can see how it is difficult to exchange a lot of items.  two way shipping costs could get spendy for the consumer and producer. is it possible for us to ship just the jacket back in a smaller flat rate box and have baubax send us the exchanged item in the same package? another idea would be to split the shipping cost.  baubax takes one leg and the consumer takes the other.
got my jacket today.  i was pumped about the windbreaker.  the material feels like it will hold heat.  the passport pocket is sweet.  plus,  i'm a fan on the attached gloves.  cons are the added gloves the fit 3/4 of my hand.  wouldn't a large jacket constitute a large glove?  also,  i find the pocket that the hood has for the pillow to be bothersome.  there should have been a better system.  lastly,  i believe the size chart was awful and doesn't fit the product.  the chest and arms are fine, but the length could be another few inches. i'm a tall guy.  there's no where on the chart where in said lengths from top to bottom which was lame.
received finally in australia. quality is not bad, but not great, kind of heavy. the pillow should be the same color as the bomber as shown in the campaign page! but they make it all black to save cost! baubax is greedy and sleazy!!!
i'm in chicago area. still haven't got tracking#
got my jacket and love it :) thank you baubax team
called them out about a week or 2 ago about the touch of modern sale and never heard back from them lol i can only assume that's why i haven't gotten my jacket on the east coast yet ��
didn't get mine yet (toronto, canada). any time line on shipments to canada?
still did not receive mine....here in sg...anyone else in sg who have received theirs?
jackets arrived today, canberra, australia. 2 bombers, blue female and black male.  mine (the female large) is a little tight around my shoulders but nothing i can't live with. the quality is better than i expected. no loose threads, missing bits or dodgy stitching. what really impressed me is that the tablet pocket is big enough to store my 10.1 inch sony xperia tab 4 (they're not small). also like everyone else says the only place really for the pocket-glove-sleeve-things is on your hands. i don't mind so much because i always pull my sleeves over my hands but i can see how this would bother some.
i am extremely disappointed that my jacket is four months late after you received 20 million in funding from kickstarter and indiegogo.  moreover the fact that i could buy my jacket now on touch of modern for the same price i kickstarted at the beginning of last september and receive it sooner.  i will not only never buy another product, i will encourage others to also avoid baubax and will leave reviews of my experience with your company where i'm able.  i guess i'll get to try out this jacket i waited seven months for when it gets cold again in the fall. additionally, these gloves are ridiculous.  they don't even cover the entire hand.
just got my jacket here in san francisco. looks very well made!
i got my jacket in today and so far i love it! just hang in there people.
ny  banker, i tried to wait the delivery still i can't hear any update. i know you're too much order but just take a update to let me know i need to wait more time,thanks.
sacramento, california, u.s.a. ordered one blue bomber, men l.  no tracking, no jacket, nothing, nothing, nothing.
my jackets are "en route to dhl ecommerce distribution center" no eta
i received mine in ca today. overall pleased with the jacket. it's a bit heavy and stiff initially, but i hope that changes with wear. however, i can't tell if mine is defective or not. has anyone else who received a women's bomber not able to fit the can in the neoprene pocket, or for that matter, really anything? i ordered a m and was really excited about this feature, and beyond disappointed that it's so tiny and unusable. false promises? poor quality check? am i the only one?
i tried scrolling on the ios app to where my last comment was about west coast deliveries...too many comments lol. anyway,  bomber jacket west coast received today.. about time! ..  - fits great - glad i sized up - water bottle and blanket included in package as well
i've received my bombers (taipei, taiwan)! good quality and pretty fit. however i didn't receive the tracking code email in advance, therefore your jackets might be on their way secretly as well... (:
ca backer, nothing yet :( 4 jackets
@amber house / @h.t. / @kat : (etc) i can forgive most of what they have done. delays are understandable. communication has been lacking and inconsistent, and several points should have been clarified more prominently / changed / clarified in the offer splash.  and selling through  3rd party vendors is sleezy.  all true.  however, what gets my goat is the issue of sizing. selling a mt, and providing a m, or marking a 2xlt and sending a xl (all from recent posts) is imho, fraud.  i ordered perhaps the least likely size, 3xlt.  i completely expect it not be anywhere close to the size advertised.  when that happens, i also fully expect to go to war.  until that time, i'm going to sit back and attempt to be patient. (haha).
i agree with @kat.  i'd hate to live in the world you inhabit @amber house where companies can have zero accountability and zero ethics. baubax exists to make profit for its owners from customers. as part of that deal it needs to treat its customers with respect.
@amber house... awww, your sweet little sanctimonious rant was so adorable! sure, no problem that they've lied to us and sold our jackets to others on third party retail sites or that those buyers got theirs before ks backers did after the creator promised no one, no one would get jackets before the people who provided them with the seed money to bring this monster to life.  no.  problem. for you. you can be embarrassed.... for yourself, for having such low expectations of a company that you'd take the time to rail at people who are legitimately upset.  now take your sweatshirt and go outside and play!  maybe, some day, if you will it hard enough, all companies will operate with the shitty inefficiency, duplicity and arrogance that baubax does!  won't that make you happy!
sorry wrong spelling, lied not laid
@amber house, i have backed dozens of projects here, some of them delay for almost 2 years, and i don't really mad about this, and be patient since they keep us updated in the honest way. but baubax here: 1) baubax laid to backers to sell their jacket on 3rd party retailers before sending to us. 2) baubax laid to backers that they will not ship out to indiegogo before fulfilled us. so we are mad, and it is understandable!
i've had my sweatshirt for a couple weeks now and love it. this was one of my first ks projects and definitely not my last. i have watched other campaigns completely fail, and i even have projects prior to this one where people have still not received product. it happens. they're communication sucks. they definitely were not forthcoming about everything, but at the end of the day they're doing what i've seen a lot of projects do and that's trying to make a decent product quickly and efficiently. some of the bashing on here has been embarrassing to read. it pains me to think how some of you act on a daily basis when you don't get your way. it's a start-up. a vision. be patient and grateful you've even been promised a reward for your donation.
the shipping apparently has nothing to do with your backer number, just what you ordered. tho i still think as well that there is no rhyme or reason actually. "those who placed orders for a single style of jacket(s), such as, one sweatshirt, one bomber, two windbreakers, etc. will receive their jackets before those who have chosen different styles/combinations of jackets in a single order (i.e. a bomber and windbreaker). this is because the jackets from different factories will reach our warehouses at different times, so we will start shipping out the single style orders first"
still no jackets in london, u.k. please update
still nothing in atlanta, ga ! losing my patience !!!!!
in ny. still no jackets or tracking number. any update!?!?!?
i never received a tracking number but did get my jacket (which i should say in case it makes a difference was the hoodie style)
still no tracking number and no jackets, can someone explain what's going on here?
just received my hoodie and love it.  i could have ordered a large. i ordered the  xl in fear of a item too small around the bust. any way love it.  very well made.  oh by the way it's warm...  its 48° in chicago sub-suburbs.  for th one of you complaining be patient and be happy you are getting something. some kickstarters fail and don't give you your money back....
i'm backer #824.  i think it's pretty safe to say there's no rhyme or reason to how these are going out given that i haven't received my bomber yet...
ask and thou shalt receive! posted comment today about it, get home from work, bam sitting on my doorstep, and i am pleased to say i ordered a large ( i am 5'11" 170 pounds) it fits great! very pleased with it so far
@everyone, just check the indiegogo site, some of them have got their jacket already!!!!!!! so baubax decides to ship out to them without even fulfill our backers first!!! f-u-c-k !!!!!
h.t., the nicest way to describe don is the most optimistic man in the world. the least nice way is...well, let's not go there.
just got mine in ca.  perfect fit.  got the bomber.
according to yesterday's reply from don of baubax, they will ship out within 24-48 hours. and now 24 hours passed already! still no tracking info.!!! let's see how well "don" could keep his promise?????
what in the hell? i just got my jacket and it is nothing like what was advertised. yes, it has a bunch of accessories, but they don't tuck inside at all like they do in the video. instead it is a bunch of zip-in inserts, some of which weigh a ton. and for a suit jacket, it's even dumber. who is going to wear the zip up parts? and how does the neck-pillow work?   at best this is two out of 5 stars.  and waiting four extra months didn't make it any better.
almost forgot.  as an alternative to this kind of jacket, i highly suggest the condor softshell jacket.  keeps heat in very well and very well made, though a bit stiffer in material.  similar to the baubax clothing, it is snug so order a size up if layering and tshirt size if not.  and.... none of this nonsense from the company to their supporters.
so i did actually receive my jacket today, i had ordered a bomber. the sizing is perhaps a half size too small, so very minimal layering will be accommodated.  and, yes to the zipper comments in that it is reversed.  actual material and stitching seem to be of good quality, however.  lastly, there is no waist adjustment.  since it is relatively snug, there probably isn't a need for one anyway even for those with a 32in waist. unsure if i'll partake in another ks project, but i'm simply glad i received my product and will be done with this whole ordeal.
fyi i'm in denver and just got mine.
hello from quebec (canada), still haven't received mine. :'(
it's been months and haven't received a thing!  what's worse is that i enticed my sis to purchase a jacket for my brother-in-law (with idea it would be a christmas gift!!!) again, she's not received a thing either and it's after easter. it's particularly annoying as she could now purchase via the grommet!!! never again!!! �
i am backer 27071. i still have not heard anything in ga. where is my jacket?
just got the email that my jacket has finally shipped. i honestly had forgotten i was waiting for it, and noticed i was backer #19,xxx. don't know if they're even shipping in numerical order, but eventually, it will arrive at some point!
@kevin chiu: nice try. there are only 44,949 backers for this.
just received package in ca.  backer no 46,4xx
@kent yee: there isn't a cap for the pillow valve, it's not needed to keep the air in. if the ipad pocket was at the back, you would break the ipad when you sit against a chair back and you wouldn't be able to reach it easily when seated  in a plane etc.
@ jae lee & @ others: re zipper there was a discussion a long way back ion comments about this. the zipper orientation seems to be an issue for backers from the states. jackets, i have, from european brands and from asian manufacturers have their zipper slides on the left side of the jacket when wearing it, the same as the baubax bomber i received.
just got the my sweatshirt in the mail this morning, overall i am very pleased with it. its nice, snug and warm and i love all the features on it. the only complaint i have is the neck pillow zipper was broken and the slider came right off. i doubt ill really use the pillow that much anyway, but its just annoying that it happened. still happy with the jacket though :)
number 1,3xx and they won't even return emails.  so yes i'd say backer numbers probably don't mean all that much with these folks.
finally got my bomber, though hoping my hoodie will come next. the bomber fits comfortably as long i don't put anything big in it, like my ipad, but all the other pocket are pretty good. they should consider putting the ipad pocket on the lower back.     i don't know who designed these gloves, they are a joke. i don't have my thumbs on my wrist.      i really like the pillow, it is well made and very comfortable. the only problem is that they forgot the cap, though it kinda still works if i quickly zip it up and hope the inner flap seals the air from coming out.
no tracking number yet.  (chicago)  looks like the midwest is getting left short...
i just received my hoodie.  couple of things.  first the pros.  nice material. soft and thick.   the cons.  the zipper is on the wrong side.  the mask on the hood makes it impossible to walk around with the hood on.  the glove and water bottle is nothing special. something u can order right off ebay. the cut is not great. u can tell on my hoodie that the left shoulder is the put together correctly. basically it's a hoodie with a lot of zippers (which i like). a lot of impractical stuff that "i" will not be using. neck pillow is very awakardly placed in the jacked.  the mask also and the wrist warmers. if i saw this hoodie at department store would i buy it?  probably not.  if i saw this at a department store for over $100?  definitely not
i just received my hoodie.  couple of things.  first the pros.  nice material. soft and thick.   the cons.  the zipper is on the wrong side.  the mask on the hood makes it impossible to walk around with the hood on.  the glove and water bottle is nothing special. something u can order right off ebay. the cut is not great. u can tell on my hoodie that the left shoulder is the put together correctly. basically it's a hoodie with a lot of zippers (which i like). a lot of impractical stuff that "i" will not be using. neck pillow is very awakardly placed in the jacked.  the mask also and the wrist warmers. if i saw this hoodie at department store would i buy it?  probably not.  if i saw this at a department store for over $100?  definitely not
i got my jacket just about a hour ago in california's central coast. i received notification on march 24 and received my jacket via usps from las vegas nv. all in all i am happy with the jacket. i usually wear 2xl but at the last minute i decided to order 3xl. i am glad i did! it fits just perfect but only because i ordered 1 size bigger than what i usually wear, otherwise i would have hate it. material is good very similar to another name brand jacket i use daily, so not disappointment there. for me the only problems i have are 1st the lack of communication from baubax and 2nd delivery time line slipping by months. from all this experience i learned something very important about myself, i do not fit in the kickstarter world. when i buy something i want to be able to try it so that i can see the fit, i expect accountability from the manufacturer shall there be a problem with the product, and i want to have assurance my purchase will be delivered on an agreed upon date. in conclusion i will never participate on another kickstarter project. bye and good luck to all!
boston, ma backer here...  no blazer... no tracking #...
@owen glad to be of assistance!
ha! proof that backer number means nothing here!  ut nguyen 10 minutes ago number 5,7xx in nebraska, still nothing now  john(sabuu) - nord 17 minutes ago @owen might be something that needs to be reiterated every 30 comments or so..  anyhow, regarding my tracking # (which i rec'd sunday pm 3/27) put delivery around 4/2 (saturday). its coming from las vegas, nv going to central texas via ups surepost (usps will deliver to my house).  i'm backer no. 23,151 - (once again, not that backer numbers actually mean anything
got my bomber today, the zipper is on the left, not right like on men's clothing. the mittens and water bottle are ok but nothing special. the jacket itself seems to be good quality, instructions would be nice, i had to come back and look at the site to remember what all the pockets were for. (after 7 months i forgot) the neck pillow fits in the hood but is a bit bulky. the pen/stylist works (just remove rubber tip protecting the ball point) the built in cloves are alright, kind of a pain when they come out every time you put it on. the jacket itself is warmer than i thought it would be. i ordered a large and it fits but no room for growth (i frequently can wear medium jackets) so i would say its a little smaller than most larges. i'm backer 22308 and only ordered the bomber in phoenix az usa
joshua, glad you got your jacket. where do you live? in the east and midwest, we've seen few posts about delivery and are concerned. can you give us hope?
i got my jacket last week and i love this thing. i've been showing everyone about it. it's the swiss army knife version of a sweatshirt. a tool for every need. thank you baubax!!!!!!!! well worth the wait
does anyone who received their jacket in the uk know how much imort tax we have to pay? many thanks
number 5,7xx in nebraska, still nothing now
@owen might be something that needs to be reiterated every 30 comments or so.. anyhow, regarding my tracking # (which i rec'd sunday pm 3/27) put delivery around 4/2 (saturday). its coming from las vegas, nv going to central texas via ups surepost (usps will deliver to my house). i'm backer no. 23,151 - (once again, not that backer numbers actually mean anything.)
i have a men's sweatshirt and bomber and the zipper is reversed - anyone else see that?
just curious, has anyone that ordered a set of 5 jackets (of three different styles) received their jackets yet? i know they said that sets of different styles will take longer to ship, so just wondering if that has even started yet. also curious if the plus size jackets may have been delayed for some reason (one of my jackets is xxxl)?
i guess it would be a good time to reiterate something....backer number has zero bearing on most projects. would love to hear confirmation of what backer numbers have received their jackets, as that would help to enforce this.
oh, and i received mine through ups but they dropped it off with usps, so it came with my regular mail.
backer 17 something. got my jacket today in washington state. received tracking numbers about a week ago. left from nevada. i ordered one men's medium in black. the jacket is fantastic.  a couple of stitching flaws on the interior (not even noticeable...it's interesting the armpit). my only complaint is that the cloth bit armpit round the neck is a little bulky even without the hood on. i think after getting washed a few times it will be fine though. i really like the neck pillow. it was comfy and blew up in about two seconds. it fit just like it was supposed to. i was wearing a long sleeve shirt and a sweater too, and it fit just fine. very happy!
so they have only gotten to about backers around the 14,000 mark yet there close to 46,000 here.
finally received a tracking number today for san francisco, ca. per the tracking number, the label was created and the anticipated ship date was yesterday and scheduled delivery for tomorrow, though i am not sure i will actually receive it tomorrow since it doesn't even look like fedex received it yet.
mine is supposed to be arriving today, i really hope it fits the way it should.  otherwise, it'll be listed on ebay.
my bomber just arrived here in seattle, though no blanket in the box. i've already emailed support, so we'll see how that goes. i haven't had a chance to try it on or check the features, but no obvious flaws; looks good.
backer 14,8xx here just got my tracking number for my sweatshirt and blazer in fl. fexex tracking number.
got my sweatshirt. east coast - washington, dc. looks great! fits perfectly. thanks!
just got my black bomber jacket today (california).
alaska, usa. just received my tracking number and says i should be getting it in about 3 days. finally! super excited and a lot nervous that it might not fit. let's hope it does.
nyc here. cant wait to wear this jacket hopefully next winter or the following...
haven't received yet indiana
nothing yet in ct - and its getting warmer...
no tracking numbers no responses to emails no updates.....  the only good news is that maybe by the time things show up it will be cold enough to actually use them.
nothing yet in illinois .... also now worried over all these fitting complaints.
charge disputed!
mine arrived at customs today, i have to go pick them up. will post an update once i do.
@alex jarman, i do not know about optimism as related to exchanges/refunds. however, determination is a strong motivator.
hello! still cant get any news about the jacket in hong kong!!!!
the exchange process, which it seems like baubax have barely considered and which is bound to throw up problems old and new, is such a step into an unknown abyss, that it is surely only for the most optimistic of souls.
just received out jackets in south carolina. as i expected from all the posts that both my wife's and my jacket are too small. dammit! i ordered an xl. baubax stated the following measurements for an xl: men’s sizing chart – sweatshirt, windbreaker, bomber: size	xl chest   45-47 sleeve length 34.5-35.5 neck  17-17.5 i am 5'11", 200lbs, 44" chest, 35" sleeve, neck 17". this jacket is so snug that if i were to place any of the many items that were supposed to be stored in the jacket it would be bursting at the seems and extremely uncomfortable. very form-fitting would be an apt description. i have ski jackets that are not this snug. my wife's medium is similarly tight even though she is an 8-10 and wears garments in either small or medium. so now we have to decide if we keep these limitedly useful jackets or try and go through a protracted exchange process. what a joke.
i received something today from "hazel woo, hk" that i need to custom clearance (no tracking number or anything delivered on advance, could these be my four jackets?). t. finland
surprise surprise, still nothing here in los angeles =(
you know, i'm not so much angry anymore as i am just depressed for the people going through this shitshow. over at the facebook group people who received ill fitting jackets are comparing jacket measurements with each other and to the chart as provided by baubax.  the jackets with sizing issues were not made according to the sizing chart.  will baubax accept responsibility?  of course not. see for yourselves and feel free to join the group if you wish: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
dear baubax, it's touch of modern here. you know we said we woud pay for the jackets you sent us months ago? well we're actually swamped at the moment with more exciting jacket sellers. so please *don't* send an invoice. no, i need you to wait 2-3 weeks, email us and then we will email you 2-3 weeks after, wait 2-3 weeks and then you can send us your invoice 2-3 weeks after that. the invoice must be in its original condition with no spelling mistakes or we won't pay you back. you can then wait further instructions from us on your follow up email. touch of modern is loving our cashflow thanks to this arrangement. nb: parody
can somebody please explain to me how the inflatable pillow can be used? there’s no lid to screw on. and trying to zip it, as somebody suggested on here, doesn’t work… because the air goes out once i remove it from my mouth.
@alex: i think when they said in 2-3 weeks for the exchange stuff, that was 2-3weeks after they received each email pertaining to that. so i could(if i had my jacket!!!) submit an exchange ticket today, then in 2-3 weeks i get a response(ha!), then you could submit an exchange ticket tomorrow, and 2-3 weeks get a response(double ha!). that's the way i understood what they said. it all does translate to: we don't care about the fact that you guys brought this jacket to life, we are going to go ahead and screw you over for the next 15 years while sending out very few to backers, some to indiegogo supporters, and everything else(99% of our supply) to third party retailers.
you're obviously making more money now on other orders that will be delivered before the backers. can i get a refund? tired of this game.
got my jacket. i ordered size xlt and got size l gloves, which are way too small. also, the jacket doesn’t fit properly and feels too tight around the waist despite my accurate measurements. should’ve gone for size xxlt. disappointed.
got my jacket last week. 2 bombers yeah!
i'm from taiwan, receive my pack of 10, going to get it back from post office tomorrow, no tracking number, and need to pay tax.
baubax: "your request is is being reviewed by our support staff" into the dictionary she goes: english translation: request is is not being reviewed by our support staff and 50% we will ignore it and 50% we will send you a canned response that doesn't answer your question.
i'm from maryland, usa and i still haven't received my jacket. i emailed them yesterday and all i got was this generic automated message telling me that my request is "has been received and is being reviewed by our support staff. we are currently experiencing high email volume, but rest assure our team is working hard to get back to you as soon as possible seriously? a complete and utter disappointment. that's all i can say.
got our 4 bomber jackets today! yay!  many thanks :) :)
germany: both bombers arrived today
received my 2 bomber today in malaysia after paying rm111 in taxes and processing fee at customs office. those in malaysia who still not yet received and order more than one jacket, prepare to pay 6% gst.
any jackets in germany so far?
baubax, january 2016: during this intense process we haven’t communicated often enough and for that we apologize. we pledge to you that we will provide more regular and thorough updates going forward - starting right now! baubax, march 2016. they haven't learned a thing and continue to treat their backers like dirt. let me guess, they haven't helped a single person with an exchange, despite promising to do that in 2-3 weeks over 2-3 weeks ago?? yeah, i thought so.
my baubax arrived in thailand. the package were severely damaged. in any case as my blazer is a clothing i won't dwell on that too much, but it would be nice if you can ship it better. the quality is fine, i think i could use this as casual suit. in any case, the jacket struck with the custom the whole week before it shipped to me. hope they will learn from this lesson in order to better manage the expectation of the backer and be more honest.
how can some backers in hong kong, where the jackets have been for 2.5 months, still not have received their jacket? it really is a special kind of ineptitude.
received my jacket after one month. i received tracking no. in my email on feb 25 then finally got it today mar 29. was a long wait indeed
@jennifer60 assumed so. thanks for the confirm. i'll expect my xl jacket, and likely donate it to a church auction or some such. at least i'll get a tax break on it.
just received my 3 bomber jackets today - melb, aus. not happy with the change in sizing, initially mt was a possible size option for the bomber, still have the old sizing chart that has it but it has been removed from the new sizing chart.
wow, i cant believe how many people are still waiting for their jackets. backed in august, ordered 3 jackets, shipping to austria. last information i got int. shipping would be completed by march 12th. march 29th i still haven't even received a tracking number yet.
backer from singapore who ordered 3 bombers, still have not received anything. support isn't helping much either, just replying with standard responses as usual.
just got my women's blue bomber today. i had to pay extra 25$ in the post office which made me sad to pay again! i already paid shipping fee to baubax then i had to pay another 25 again? anyway, when i opened it at home the jacket is really high quality!  i am usually a medium or large but i ordered xxl cos i like extra room it's a bit big for me i think xl would have been perfect but better to be bigger than small. the free gloves are really small, it fits my fingers but barely reaches my palm. anyway, i'm happy with the quality of the jacket but just don't like the extra fees i had to pay.
received tracking yesterday. my bomber should arrive by the 30th via ups. i'm in ca.
got my bomber jacket today and it's amazing... very good quality and it has all of the functions as described in the campaign. the only issue i have with it is the pillow isn't exactly "built-in"... it's pretty much detached and then you have to insert it into the hood... just wish it were more attached and easily inflated with the hood on. don't get me wrong, i really like the pillow and love how easy it is to inflate - it really does only take 2 puffs of air. pretty satisfied overall and the fit is perfect for me. thanks baubax!
hate to tell you chris my sons xxxl was too small in the shoulders and fitted me like a mens xl  i wear mens large shirts for the baggy effect.  my mens xl was too tight and i  would not be able to wear a sweater underneath.
got mine from singapore. received mine without any tracking number.
@mandy wilkerson i'm afraid that the sizes listed on touch of modern are the only options available, and no tall sizes were made for the bomber.  i'm expecting to get a 2xl if i'm lucky. i'm also expecting to go to the bbb / etc, as that size will be useless.  i'm all for patience, but swapping out sizes is not acceptable.  hoping someone can prove me wrong, and they got a 3xlt, or in fact any t size that wasn't suspiciously "normal" in length?
finally mines is on the way. it says it will get to me on the 31st by ups. east coast, nj. come on thursday.
today, i get the bomber! but, i find the side may not good, so i want to ask can i change my size? ps: maybe we need a user's manual! :)
matt carter, i'm a chicago backer of 1 sweatshirt.  where's your sweatshirt coming from?  east or west coast?
hi! just got my tracking information (vancouver, bc) but when i click the link to track my order, i still get no results. will update you guys once it works!
hi- i have not received any indication that i will be receiving my order. i recall completing the survey but no emails, no confirmation, no anything. is there a way i can find out when i can expect t my order?
australia, orders pack of 4, still got nothing, nothing. not even tracking number. did email them and said "being processed".  really?  now want a refund ...
just received mine today. what's up with the gloves? i am really wondering whose hands does the team use as the model. the thumb is so long like your index finger. the quality of jacket is nice like many stated. i pledged bomber. the blanket is ---ing piece of cloth where i still see where they cut it. atleast it's microfiber-ish, i guess i can just chop them up and use as my glass cleaner cloth. impressive = c, all packages packed like it shipped from china. okay i know the product is produced in china, but you still repackage it here. please it does it more properly. atleast throw in a nice plastic bag that pack everything, i think it will make impression to the buyer. quality = a-, i don't know much about clothes, but they seems nice for the price, except the fuciking $25 blanket. will i buy it again or recommend to other? nope, it's just a jacket with many pockets, which is already available. you attached the stylus pen to zipper, make the hood double layer (so it can house the pillow). that's all. i guess if other jackets company learn from this, they should just claim the functionality of each pockets, and they can make 10 millions too. @monda, for the pillow, there are two zippers (not sure why two), one of them will open to the "blower" where you can blow to make the pillow big.
i've just got my pack of 4 today, havn't tried it yet but i did ordered the blankets after my pledge. are them coming? i thought it would come together. from bangkok
well, maybe the easter bunny really does exist. ;-) because "shock of shocks", i just received actual verifiable shipping information from fedex. i should be receiving my order by the end of day tomorrow. i still have to decide whether i will continue to press for a refund. mon 3/28/2016 baubax llc shipping department 1500 distribution court ste 40 lithia springs, ga us 30122 866 983-7447 scheduled delivery: tue 3/29/2016 by end of day larry grimm 1xx any street lexington, sc us 29072 716 372-5211 (webgistix 243 root st, olean, ny 14760) more actions travel history hide help date/time 	activity 		location 3/28/2016 - monday 9:55 pm	arrived at fedex location		kennesaw, ga 6:54 pm	picked up		kennesaw, ga 9:46 am	shipment information sent to fedex
san francisco. just got my bomber this weekend and wore it for the first time today. overall, i do like it, but it's a bit smaller than i liked, even after doing the measurements. first impression is that it looks good. it's also heavy! the neck pillow doesn't quite work the way it does in the video, but the rest of the jacket is more or less like the video. when wearing it normally (not on a flight) i take the neck pillow out because the hood is basically just a pouch that holds the neck pillow in and it make wearing the hood very uncomfortable. the soda holder could be slightly bigger.
received my bommber yesterday, decent quality and wears well on me, but can't figure out how to use the neck pillow that was hidden inside the hood, and the baubax blanket is wayyyyy to big and thick rolled up, it can't fit in the designated blanket pocket on the jacket. the "blanket" looks cheap actually, like a piece of cut cloth.
no tracking but got my order in today's mail. ordered the blazer for my husband and it looks great!  good quality overall.  california.
"as for the gloves they where a gift and we our not excepting any exchanges for gloves at the moment. sincerely, don" i'm not saying don and todd are the same person and you can draw your own conclusions about these communication skills. i'm not saying they are worse than an 8 year old's level.
just got my email from baubax saying my order has been shipped by fedex. tracking isn't up yet. i'm from utah and it says my order number is 12193. i'm wondering if that's the amount they've sent out, possibly just from the west coast so far? it says my bomber is a m even though i ordered a mt. i'm worried it won't fit me if they didn't actually make the tall sizes, especially with people finding them small to begin with. i'm also getting small gloves. those are definitely not going to fit me. all in all, i'm not that excited.
i live in new york and got my tracking info today.
"your order is being process" i love how their canned responses feature the same terrible grammar.  it may seem like a small point but it points to an organisation that is sloppy at everything they do. no wonder they are a logistical shambles.
from melbourne, australia. still haven't received jackets...who else is waiting in australia?
@brian fried as a canada post employee i wish we got a 6 day easter! just two days. baubax can't blame canadian shipping delays on the post office
just got a reply from baubax. let's see how well they could keep that promise again! ************************************************************************************************ thank you for writing to us. your order is being process you will receive a tracking number in 24-48 hours. sincerely, don **********************************************************************************************************
backed on kickstarter in august from tennessee. not a word yet. 8 months is ridiculous.
south jersey, got our jackets.
seattle, wa backer. i just got an email with my shipping details.
chicago backer here (9969) - just got my shipping notice on 2 sweatshirts.
just an fyi, i'm in west texas and just received my shipping notice and fedex will be delivering my one bomber. it's too soon to tell where it's coming from because the label was just created.
@ morgan: i believe that at least one backer received a refund, but that was based on the fact that they had backed the sweatshirt reward and on the basis that it was 100% cotton. the final product is a poly/cotton mix and this was not made clear until the campaign was finished. (it was mentioned in a comment to a backer, but not posted as an update.) this appears to have made a successful case for a refund. this information was provided by another backer, and i can't verify it.
so in northern virginia.  received my sweatshirt over the weekend.  like most people, i think it's okay but not great.  the fit was good and it looks well made - reasonably thick, comfortable material.  but the gloves that come with it are completely useless.  way too small and since they're not a part of the actual sweatshirt, they're completely pointless.  if i wanted to pack a separate set of gloves for the plane, i'd already be doing that - with the benefit that my gloves would actually fit and be comfortable.    the other point that others have said is that the neck pillow makes the hood way too bulky to be functional.  which is absolutely correct.  and the neck pillow itself - while reasonably well made - is just something that i'll have to pack separately.  which is what i was already doing.  so in essence, i paid $100 for a nice (but not amazing) sweatshirt with extra pockets, a useless pair of gloves, and an inflatable neck pillow that isn't as good as the one i already have.  i don't feel ripped off, per se, but it is disappointing and i don't think it's worth the money (at least for the sweatshirt).
still no information on the 4 i ordered on the east coast in nj -_- leave next week for business for a month really would like to have them before i go.
they are sending them out slowly, given that they are perfectionists (as we know) and the ceo insists on wearing each and every one for a few days before they are deemed fit to go out. this is done out of the most intense love for his customers. the entire team also have to have a 'farewell ceremony' for each jacket which lasts a day and a half, involves the burning of a special baubax incense (that their r&d team spent 3 months developing) and at which a scott e vest is ritually sacrificed to the jacket king in the sky.
last night, out of the blue, i got my shipping notice via email. hadn't seen many comments from backers in the midwest (nebraska) but it looks like they're on their way!
i feel like at this point i could of cut and stitched it myself... i know that some people on the east coast are receiving their jackets. i haven't heard a peep. they must not be sending many at once, or this should be done already.
i got my bomber today and i'm very impressed! awesome job baubax team!
can i get advice from anybody who successfully got a refund from this company? since ordering my one jacket to my home in florida, i have since moved to germany and would really rather have the money i paid instead of this jacket. i have emailed support previously with no response, has anyone been successful at getting a refund?
still haven't received my 5 jackets. i have been optimistic about the delivery date, but march almost ends. if i don't receive my jackets by may 1st, i will definitely file a chargeback.
where is my jacket??
honestly fuck these guys - they have no idea how to offer customer support customers.  this whole thing was a giant scam.
still didn't get any shipping notification.. i live in belgium ...
my wife and i got our jackets last thursday (got shipping notification on monday). she has an hourglass figure and is slightly overweight and while her bomber was snug, it looks great and totally fits. form-fitting, not baggy at all. very good quality, very sharp and nice looking. better than expected. i am 6'1'' broad shouldered and a little overweight. i very optimistically ordered an mt blazer. i am too fat for it, so i can't button it up, but unbuttoned with the inner zipper up, it fits and looks perfect. frankly, i am glad they aren't sizing to accommodate weight. the 'fitted' look is just so much better. it looks amazing, and it is on me to lose the gut and look as good as this jacket does. it is profoundly better looking than i anticipated. the pictures don't do it justice. the materials are comfortable and clearly high quality. it looks slick and professional as hell. honestly, quality-wise and style-wise, it is better than i could have imagined. i love it. as far as the gross lateness of the product, oh well. the only way to overcome the ninety-ninety rule (google it) is experience, and these businesses usually lack it. it is inevitable and i worked it into my expectations from day one.
ordered 2 jackets. located in the nyc area. no word on tracking or shipment yet.
got my tracking code on 21 march 2016.  bandung - indonesia.
@brian fried: which means my soundtrack i ordered could quite possibly get here first, if i'm understanding that correctly.
you would think a travel jacket wouldn't have a problem traveling to your house.  oh, the irony...
@owen: canada post takes a 6 day holiday for easter, so canadians won't see an influx of coats until at least early april. it will take 3 weeks before the majority of coats get out… the warehouse they have is not that fast and usps/ups have limits as to how many packages can go out per day.
still no word on my jackets! nothing !!!! i ordered 4! how do i get my money back!!!!
please refund the backers that you've misled.
backer 14303 from california. i finally received my tracking for a blue l bomber on friday, shipping through ups with expected deliver on the 30th. let's see how this goes
cha-ching!  they just pulled in another 5k on indiegogo.  so... liquidity isn't a problem forcing them to sell on retail in order to keep them afloat.  i wonder why then? hmmmm
hey, badbax!  why don't you just accept returns from your dissatisfied customers.  you know, the ones you lies to about sizing and now are saying we have to pay shipping both ways for an exchange....that you won't have. and even if you did, would probably take another 6 months to deliver. if you accept the returns, hen you'll have more inventory to fulfill all your other on-line orders through ebags, touch of modern, third party sites, and who knows where else you're selling and delivering.  �
@kris, yes i was surprise when i saw my room having 1 big box which consist of my bomber and sweatshirt. so happy after long wait. but my red bomber is m and i fit just nice and tight. looking for a swap for size l. fellow singaporean here. lastly, i have joined the local fb group as well, waiting for approval.
@kirsten thats right, you were the one kind enough to let us know about the east coast shipping.. i remember because of how they *totally* got your name right. thanks for (re)confirming that!
just received my pack of 4 here in singapore. i didn't receive any tracking number of sorts, delivery just miraculously pop up at my doorstep today. probably the lord answering my prayers. true that the sizing run small. my mother can fit into bomber s but not windbreaker s. quite satisfied with bomber quality. there was an influx of deliveries for those in sg today. so fellow singaporeans, do wait a few more days! :)  looking for a swap for windbreaker women red size m. mine is size s. here's a local fb group for discussion, rants and exchanges: https://www.facebook.com/groups/783956771737069/
@s. nunn, john(sabuu) nord this was the email i received last week: "hello kristen, east coast shipping is a go. your order is being process and you will receive tracking number in 24-48. sincerely, don" still no shipping confirmation for me as of yet. tomorrow morning (at which time it will be more than 48 "business" hours since i received the above) i will email back requesting follow up.
reviews, rants, and the occasional chuckle (because if we don't laugh we might cry): https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
also, i wouldn't being stumping for more sales for baubax on indiegogo.  it looks like the practice has ceased, for the time being, but indiegogo has been, vigorously, obscuring the comment section to leave up on flattering, or not too awful, comments about the campaign there.  kind of interfering with a person's ability to exercise due diligence before backing.
s. nunn, they've been on indiegogo for ages.  the bring in between 5 and 20,000 a day.  a day.  they've also held three retail sales at 3rd party sites and have them for sale 24/7 on a couple of asian websites. so, yeah, you have every right to be angry.  you're just angry about the wrong thing.  well, maybe not since a couple of people on indiegogo have reported getting shipping notices ahead of you.  and me.  and alex. and owen.  and.... probably thousands of kickstarter backers.
i hear you @owen. i'm basing it on speed of non-us orders and extrapolating, which isn't particuarly scientific admittedly. nonetheless i think likely you will have your jacket by april 26. or at least your order number.
even the cheap-as-hell water bottle sorry-we're months-late 'gift' had to be branded baubax so they could get as much brand awareness as possible...
@alex: i haven't heard anything about anyone in canada receiving their actual jacket yet. i saw someone in toronto had received their tracking information, but that's as far as it got that i am aware of.
your jacket will arrive first @owen, given that they are finally being received, but that doesn't overlook the fact you have been misinformed, mistreated and generally strung along by baubax over this campaign and the way they conduct themselves suggests that they put profit above almost all else. i can't recall one instance of baubax prioritising their original customers over their own self-interest.
so, over the weekend i placed an order for an imported soundtrack from japan(couldn't find a retailer in north america that had it available, new condition only). let's play the game of which one comes first. the jacket that supposedly should be with me already(based on their latest "time table" in their updates), or this soundtrack(by the way, it's already shipped and the estimated delivery date is april 26 - may 17...big period, but it is an import after all). any takers on the bet?
@stephanie darwish, the same issue for me.  see my previous post earlier today. no tracking information available. fedex doesn't even recognize the tracking number.
dear singaporeans (and possibly everyone else around the world), my jacket came 3 days after i sent them a chaser email asking wtf is going on. there was no shipment notification or whatever. may be sheer coincidence but if you haven't sent support@baubax.com a chaser email before/yet you might want to. no harm. and it might just get their ass moving.
@s. nunn while i do agree with a majority of your comment, would i like to point out they launched on ingiegogo shortly after the kickstarter campaign ended (back in august) for anyone who wasn't "fortunate" enough to get into the kickstarter. regarding the east coast shipment - a backed was able to confirm via email that the shipment is supposedly up and running (i believe the comment was posted last week?)
got shipment notification last friday. yay! except...when i go to track the package, no results are found for the tracking number!
annoyed! this company appears to have money as their number one priority!  i have not received as much as tracking info let alone the two jackets that were intended as gifts for the holidays. i understand delays and i am ok with that. but i'm not ok with the fact that they are launching on indiegogo and not taking care of all of their original backers that helped them get this far. tsk tsk, yes baubax,you do exist because of all of us!i don't think i will continue searching out baubax products in the future .unless they save face. the last they mentioned info for east coast backers,was in  march 1st update,that we will be receiving our tracking info for orders the following week.now they could at least do a little in depth explaining as to what the problem is instead of#6 of the march 10th update. of course they can do what they want, i just am very turned off by this sort of thing. cha cha ching goes their pockets
sweatshirt arrived in maryland on friday. no email with a tracking number was sent from the fulfillment company; myups sent me an email that a package was inbound. the recipient liked it, although it is a bit small and can't be worn over a thick shirt. definitely not worth the $120 pledge, though.
just received this email this morning. funny thing. not! the fedex tracking number is not propagated. i will update if and when the fedex routing number actually shows specifics. not holding my breath. logo dear larry grimm, your shipment from baubax llc is on its way! if there are items from your order that are not listed below, you will receive an e-mail notification of the shipment when it occurs.    		order number: 25376 		  	   product description 	  	quantity 	  	  	box 24x16x6 item#: 1296-box 24x16x6 	 	1  	collapsible water bottle item#: 1296-bxb001wht001 	 	2  	bomber black female m item#: 1296-bxw003blk0000m 	 	1  	bomber black male xl item#: 1296-bxm003blk000xl 	 	1  	gloves black s item#: 1296-bxg001blk00s 	 	1  	gloves black l item#: 1296-bxg001blk00l 	 	1  shipped to: larry grimm xxxxxxxxxxxx lexington, sc 29072-7420 us  	shipping method: fedex tracking number:   26719298157xxxx	  7.2 lbs	track my order  	thank you for your order.
congrats to everyone who has their jackets, but can the rest of us get an update on when we're getting ours??? i'd like it before i make my trip in june, but i'm not holding my breath. guess i should have waited and just bought it in taiwan, would probably get it faster.
hey! they're now on indiegogo, if you missed the kickstarter campaign https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/world-s-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-baubax#/
my package's shipping status is stuck in hongkong it seems, has been like that since the 12th, getting a bit annoying, i figured that it would finally be sent out but it hasn't gotten any updates since i got the tracking number
does anyone have the same problem like me??? my jacket was arrived at my country 9 days ago, but it has't came to my house yet. tommorrow i'll call the shipping provider to check. things i ordered before didn't take that long.
no jacket yet here in ohio. :(  sad, sad sad!
@haych w:  going to be interesting to see what i get in the mail.. ;-)  thanks for the reply.
bought a single sweatshirt, now 4 months overdue. the last update from march 1st said e. coast us should begin shipping within 2 weeks (which is 2 weeks ago).  i understand your backed up because of the success, but maybe you should have taken some of that success and scaled your operation better to handle all of this. stop trying to sell more on other websites and take care of getting out the orders that have already been placed.
i havent received my jacket yet :( , and no confirmation either :'( very very very sad
received! size fits. i would say the quality of the jacket is quite decent. everything looks fine, just that it is not the time for me to use it yet. so likely going to leave it in the wardrobe now. bomber is a little too warm, in my opinion, for flights. sweatshirt makes a better companion.
i received mine today. one blazer and one blue sweatshirt.  the blazer was a little bit thinner than i expected and quite fit in design. i had better not gain too much weight. however, i like it. it would be nice to have tall size. the quality of sweatshirt amazed me. i love it!
@chris s. i received a womens bomber supposedly xlt. all the labels state xl. i emailed baubax (with pictures of the labels) and they've emphatically stated that the barcode indicates it is a tall size. it's short in the arms for me which was why i emailed them in the first place. i gave them some polite feedback suggesting that all labels should reflect the actual size of the jacket (tall or otherwise) which they've said they will pass on. i simply cannot believe a clothing organisation would not accurately label products but it is what it is, apparently. i still have my doubts as to whether or not my jacket is a tall size but there's no further action i can take. it's still workable, just not quite as long as the measurements would have suggested. hope this helps.
@adam tui have you receive the notification letter from poslaju? you have options to clear the shipment, but i think the easiest, with some fees, will be to let poslaju to clear it for you.  the letter should have instructions, and you can use all the email correspondence with baubax as your invoice (pledge amount, etc).  they will accept that.  you can just scan and email the signed notification back to them, together with the invoices.  they will give you a call for pick-up, together with the total charges.
pack of 4 to malang, indonesia still no update, no tracking code, nothing....
@teo seng kee may i know how do you do your custom clearance? all 3 jackets of mine are stuck in the custom and the agent are asking an invoice for custom clearance. anyone in malaysia encounter this?
has anyone received a bomber in a tall size?
hello!  we love your design!  ordered on behalf of a family friend in china.  unfortunately, items received were far too small and fit no one in the family.  who can we contact to remedy the situation?
los angeles, single blazer order. still haven't received any notification or jacket. i've kept quiet cuz i understand it takes time, but this is getting ridiculous. contacted them and getting no response whatsoever. very disappointed.
still waiting in vancouver, canada .
http://world.taobao.com/item/526292477466.htm hahaha! fake baubax selling in taobao for half the price.
received mine today in malaysia, thanks !
anyone from the southeast u.s. get their's? i still have no tracking number or update.
in sg, no update or tracking number for the jackets. can the team please provide an update???
https://www.touchofmodern.com/sales/baubax-634592da-7c03-4a0c-b34d-6afecc2bc67d woahh! guys! last day for sale on touch of modern.. hmmm so how much did we paid for it, its 5-7weeks waiting only? i thought it gonna take months! oh ya and it includes return and 5.95 for shipping.
@ang bee lian - don't worry (if that's an appropriate thing to say) but there are lots of us in sg that are still without news or jacket. sanghavi and co - phuqing a55hol3s. sick of it.
so i finally got my 6-jacket pack and i can say the following (women's bomber): - quality is very nice, color (red) nice and bold but not too bright nor too dark - bit heavier than expected and could have been narrower at the waist - maybe it's just me, but i felt the noise the outer shell makes when rubbing together is kinda annoying - eye mask does slip down but a quick stick-on velcro or snap should fix that, love that the hood on the bomber is detachable - pillow inflates and deflates like a charm (to everyone who keeps complaining that it's not built-in because it's removable, it is supposed to be detachable, per the campaign page) - that said, it is too bulky and heavy to keep in the hood for extended periods of time - sleeves much longer than i like but i expected that while doing measurements so... upside is it hides the built-in gloves well since it's so long - the extra scoop gloves is nothing special, although i like that you can use your touch-screen devices while wearing it - shipping label in mine shows total value of us$ 519.27, was not charged gst by sg customs - stylus pen zipper pull is nicer than i expected, i thought it'd be cheap plastic but it's actually a nice metal telescopic pen. there are also refills included. - baubax customer service is crap and i don't like how they dealt with the ks backers. so although i am satisfied with my reward, i don't think i'd be dealing with them again. to people who got turned off of backing future ks campaigns - please don't base it off baubax. i have backed several other projects and while some are on time, some are also delayed and on a purely timeline perspective, 4 months is not that long of a delay for a campaign this size. however, overall backer experience wise, baubax certainly is one of the worst.
i want order more jacket. please note me when you run special discounts exclusively for kickstarter backers in the future. tanks!
received mine yesterday (las vegas). it was mailed from only 15 miles or so away in henderson nv. i'm very impressed and pleased with the jacket -- a bomber in blue. the quality is top-notch. comfy, too. it will certainly be my #1 go-to for cool-weather trips. in response to many comments throughout kickstarter, on this campaign as well as on many others: yeah, it might have been delivered a little more quickly, but i'm in the engineering biz myself and if you can project a manufacturing schedule that actually comes in at less than 2x the original schedule, then you're beating the averages; and at 3x you're normal. it's always a learning experience, and there are always surprises along the way. i think you did quite well for such a large ($9m+!) undertaking.
@bruce, presumably they were 'overworked'. in fact baubax are the real victims here, as backers are selfishly slowing down their retail expansion plans. thought for the day: an east coast backer could have conceived and given birth in a quicker time than to get a baubax jacket. last time i checked, a baby has a lot more 'features'....
help. dunno what's up with mine. need an update
thanks kenneth. this is a very long wait. :(
i got my jacket yesterday (east coast usa) so they are still coming
well, the easter bunny let me down. i was hoping he would bring me my jacket for easter, but he didn't. i'm really sad. :(
posted about 5 days ago... wondering if it's too late to cancel my order??    where are they?   no tracking number provided, and no jacket!!
:/ backer from france... still no news about 1 bomber and 1 blazer sigh
for what it's worth: location: bay area. . . ordered: navy blazer (small) backer #: 17722 got notification on 3/25 that it's shipping from las vegas arriving 3/30.
hello has anyone in canada received theirs???
my partner received an email last week that his baubax was on the way (ordered after mine), but, despite living in the same house, i have received no email regarding the arrival of my baubax jacket.  can anyone tell me why this is?  i was really hoping to have it in time for winter (which the original november delivery would have been so), now it's march already and spring... and i've gotten no word on when my jacket will arrive.
urgent please read baubax may i know if you have included a recipt of the product? i have just received notice that my package has already arrived at the post office. here's my problem, somebody overpriced my package to $449, which in turn, inflated my customs payable to $150+ (peso equivalent) instead of the supposed $10 this is insane, i paid $119 for my sweatshirt, but i need to pay more for the customs due to mispricing. i took a photo of the customs receipt ($449). i need some proof of purchase so i can at least prove myself to customs. moreso, customs here in the philippines is no joke.
backed in august hoping for delivery before my winter travels---as initially indicated with november delivery.  have heard nothing back after an email inquiry now months ago as well.  first kickstarter experience, will not support baubax ever again and unlikely to ever use kickstarter.  overall, extremely negative experience.
ca, usa  i received my women's large sweatshirt and women's large windbreaker today. while i'm thrilled with the sweatshirt, the windbreaker is too tight on hips and shoulders but fits on the bust and waist, the only two measurements that were given for sizing.
still waiting in georgia.
did anyone else order tall jackets and just get regular sizes??? as in i ordered an xlt and mt and just got an xl and m.  also the gloves that were placed in the box were large and small. i mean for an xlt and mt why would they go down a size??? sent an email today. we'll see how long it takes for them to get back to me.
backer from ca, jackets finally arrived on thursday 3/24. they were xmas gifts for the family. everyone seems to be impressed. took awhile to arrive, winter is over in ca, so they'll be wearing them next year. to all other worried backers in the us, letting you know baubax came through.
hi bee lian, backer from singapore here. haven't gotten anything or any update or anything. don't think we have any real recourse but to... wait. sigh
i've emailed them several times with no response. this is an absolute joke of a campaign. it's really convenient too that i'll be getting a jacket in the summer when i was originally anticipating february at the latest.
jessie and jin, i'm also from vancouver, haven't got any of my jackets. probably not shipped yet?
hey backed in september last year and filled out my survey immediatly. i still have no jacket, last update for shipping said all jackets should be out by 12 march. anyone in germany that got a jacket? with all the complaints and no response starts looking more and more like a scam
hi, anyone who is from singapore who has not received their order? till now, though baubax replied that my order should be out yesterday or today by aftership, i did not receive any tracking info. is there any number locally for aftership which i can call to enquire?
i only ordered one jacket, i am around backer #25k and they told us that single order would be shipped first but i'm reading that some have already received their although they ordered 2 different styles. i have not recovered a tracking number yet. should i be concerned? does backer # matter because some of these orders are mixed up?
hey guys, i sent an email about a month ago regarding the inflatable neck rest. it can't stay inflated. what can be done about this? thanks.
hey guys, i sent an email about a month ago regarding the inflatable neck rest. it can't stay inflated. what can be done about this? thanks.
i've left several emails, no response. i've not gotten any information regarding my jacket and i'm incredibly upset about the lack of feedback. what did i commit to? did i waste my investment? is this how kickstarter works? does a backer have no recourse? in all, profoundly shitty customer service and compels me to cease investing in small start-ups.
@jessie i'm also from vancouver,  haven't gotten anything.
wv here got my tracking number this last week, states jacket should arrive wednesday 3-30. we will see. so east coast is starting.
any news on texas early backer
kind of annoyed my windbreaker fits fine at bust and sleeves (the only 2 measurements they provided), but not at shoulders or hips. now i have to pay round-trip shipping to go up a size, when there was no way to know it wouldn't fit.
hey, early backer here. any news of shipments to vancouver city in canada? i haven't gotten a tracking number yet.
pennsylvania,east coast,please give us an answer to a guesstimate of shipping.
any news with méxico shipments?
any news on east coast shipping? i will be moving soon and when you asked to changed addresses in february they were supposed to ship in the first week of march. support tells me that to change the address to contact the shipping partner but i still don't have shipping information. please help.
@laura anne: i've got the men's bomber and the ipad fits the pocket in that jacket, even with a keyboard/cover attached. the ipad tested was an ipad 2, if that helps.
come on.... toronto backer.... nothing, no info. wtf?
from reno, nevada. received our bomber, sweatshirt, blankets, etc today. no prior shipping info, so it was a nice surprise!  quality is great. sizes are a tiny bit small, but we're fine with that. zipper on husbands bomber slipped immediately, but an easy repair. quality is in line with the price. i'll know more after we actually travel! cheers everyone! there's hope!!
(in texas) just got an email from ups with my tracking number.. label was only created so i have no idea where its coming from or what it is, or when it'll get here*. *(i'm also excepting my ecoqube c, so it could be that..)
still nothing recieved (uk) not good...
seattle (wa) area here! received my 2 bombers (1 men + 1 women) without any shipping notification. so far i like the jacket except the extra hand coverage (where you slip your thumb in) because you can't tuck it in if you're not using it. nevertheless, it's a good jacket. hopefully it's as good as i think it is when i wear it daily.
hi. i backed this when it first came out... pledged, collected, and still no updates or replies to questions. i'm hoping to get some information on the status of this.
received shipping notice today. ordered 1 bomber, no extras. ship to fresno, ca via surepost. will update when delivered. don't give up hope! backer #3671
anyone in he sf bay area have a large black bomber they want to swap for a medium? just got mine and it's a little too small. alternately, has anyone had any exchange success?
pa, usa just got my sweatshirt, no tracking. fits great. the material is warm and cut well. all pockets and zippers work. i doubt that the "ipad pocket" will actually fit the real ipad maybe the air or mini. the glass cleaner, stylus, and eye cover work well. i think that if all the pockets were filled it would be cumbersome. over all 8/10 for product. 3/10 for service.
hi! don't know my backer number, but i was later in the campaign. i'm in los angeles, ordered a single bomber. shipping notification came two days ago (24th). got my jacket today. looks like shipments are ramping up!
my jackets arrived yesterday, about 5 days after getting the shipping notification. i'm in colorado.  men's medium and women's small fit as expected. the women's bomber is not cut for women; it's basically just a men's jacket that's short (and it is a bit too short). the men's blazer fits just as expected. the hood is zippered in to the body of the jacket and buttoned to the neckline, so it's more intensive to remove. i think the blazer looks good with the hood, though, it looks like an interesting urban blazer. the half-gloves in the sleeves of the bomber are fully sewn in and they're a bit awkward; i'm not sure how you're supposed to use the jacket without them? if you try to put them fully inside the sleeve before putting it on, they get jammed up in the sleeve and it looks and feels awkward. i saw a video of someone just tucking them in so i'll try that. if anyone gets theirs and wonders what all the elastic loops are for- those are for feeding your headphones through. i can't find a separate ipad pocket from the blanket pocket but the one i found is huge. whether you use all the pockets for their intended purposes, they are nice and you could store probably anything you want in there. i also really like the pen stylus.
@vedran m. jelaca jelic about 9 hours ago re: "wtf!! i posted a negative review and now it's gone from the site!!  i cannot believe kickstarter allows this." your review was not deleted. it is still exactly where you posted it, under the last update, #19. i don't believe creators have the ability to delete any comments from either the updates or comments section. if they had that ability, the comments here would look quite different, i believe.
i'm in sw washington and got my shipment notification email yesterday. tracking says my bomber jacket by the evening of 3/29. i'm sure hoping so, since i ordered it for a trip to st louis end of the month.
i'm in san francisco, and i finally received my sweatshirt and blazer yesterday -- 8 days after receiving the shipment notification email, for what its worth. after being as frustrated as the rest of you (well maybe not all of you ;) with the delays and lack of communication, i gotta say, the jackets actually lived up to my fairly high expectations. they both fit pretty well (both xl), and the fabric/materials all seem to be high quality, at least out of the box. my wife even just remarked that the sweatshirt looked nice, and was something i could actually wear around aside from traveling. the blazer material is definitely unique since it's meant to be wrinkle-free for travel, but for under $200 it's about what i was expecting, quality-wise. as others have mentioned, the neck pillow is fairly bulky/awkward in the hood, which acts as more of a pocket for the pillow -- so it's not really "built-in" to the hood, if that's what you're expecting.  you probably won't want to put the hood up with the pillow in there, but honestly, when the hood was down i stopped noticing it was even there. and you can easily remove the pillow unless you're actually using it for travel on a plane/train/etc, in which case it's way better than carrying around the bulky alternative. the pillow itself is incredibly quick & easy to inflate/deflate, and seems relatively comfortable (let's face it, none of these things are all that great). the only other negatives are the gloves that came along with the jackets are a little small/cheap-feeling, and the built-in half-scoop gloves on the blazer can get tangled when you take it on/off (since they're removable and attached by buttons. this is not an issue on the sweatshirt, where they're truly built-in).  also, i can't ever really see myself putting a drink in that chest pocket ... but otherwise, the features are pretty much as-advertised. so, all i can say is have faith ... they do seem to be finally fulfilling these orders, and the product itself lives up to its billing. from reading some other comments, maybe i got lucky with the sizing, but hopefully yours will be worth the wait too :)
got my sweatshirt hoodie yesterday. don't really care how it looks on me. i have it listed on ebay if anyone would like to pick another one up at a good price.  hoodie, womens size medium, black color. $120
finally got my shipping notification this morning. i live in eureka, ca.
i got a shipping notification today via ups for colorado, usa!
dear mr. hiral, my name is ankith from bangalore, india and my repeated requests for information for the last 3 months with regard to my order of 4 jackets is still awaited. i have not received any tracking number nor have i received any specific  updates with regads to my order. what is going on? it appears the entire company is so busy trying to do something that no one on earth has ever done before, shipping products to customers who have paid the full price in advance. no matter what your excuses are, this is not fair. i don't know if i should say please but i would like quote you your phase "be respectful and considerate" to your customers
finally got my sweatshirt today! nc/east coast backer. came through ups surepost (where it comes by ups but is delivered by the local postal service). i usually fit large and so i ordered large; it fit fine. the neck pillow confuses me a bit (though it does inflate very easily, if only i could figure out how to keep the air in it) and i doubt i'll use the gloves, but overall i'm happy to just have received it. i never received an email from baubax about my shipment. my order shipped from atlanta, georgia on 3/23 and was sent from rakuten super logistics. good luck with getting yours, everyone!
- recieved my bomber jacket today, los angeles. - recieved tracking from ups, delivered by usps - tracking updates were real time, not like many that got the jacket and then tracking. - took detailed measurements and decided to go from l to xl for comfort. - fits slightly big, more like roomie. but i can imagine a l fitting slightly small. great quality and everything works as stated. i work in the film industry and it would have been nice for overnight shoots in the winter but the beauty of seasons is that they always come around. if i ever buy from baubax again they will be an established company and i will hold them to the same expectations as amazon, h&m, nike, adidas or any other company with the resources to meet its demands. i can overlook this one, some won't. such is life.
please update us for north american deliveries
so, a ks backer decided to pay a visit to the seattle office of baubax today, but no one was home.  so, he left a note: visit here to see it:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
i have received a shipping notification this morning in los angeles, which is a good thing because i had planned to file a complaint with my credit card company on monday.
i got my jacket, but had never gotten a tracking number. so keep your eyes out, it might be on the way and you'd never know
any update for the delivery status? i'm macao but i can't get any update information
another day and nothing for florida. baubax, don't you understand that the pissed off community you created by your lack of communication, professionalism, and diligence? the community will beat this drum everyday until you act like a company and not a group of terms counting our money in china.  amazing that your band of losers can't put together a thoughtful, truthful communication for all of us backers that you ignore and basically disrespect.
got mine and my wife's sweatshirt jackets last night did not get a shipping e-mail/ tracking number just showed up at the door step. mine fits me fine my wife's wished she got the next size up but we went off the sizing chart so it might be a bit off they are very form fitted for the women. the jackets are pretty sweet they are nice and soft and a bunch of pockets the neck pillow is easy to blow up and take the air out. but the gloves they sent and the blanket are a little of the what was the point the gloves are too small and the blanket is too thin i know its a travel blanket but i don't see how it will keep anyone warm. i will try to post a picture later i know some people think they got ripped off and are not getting a jacket but remember this is kickstarter things take time this is the 3rd item i have order from kickstarter and trust me it did not take the longest to get to my home i had one item it took close to 7 months past the deliver date to get.
in edmonton, alberta.  just received a shipping email.  the shipping company is dhl.
negative review will not be deleted from here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ nor will the positive reviews, as few and far between as they are.
i've asked some professional baubax->english translators to explain "at the earliest" and "soon" and unfortunately it appears based on previous usage, they don't mean anything equivalent in english.
recent exchanges between baubax and myself: subject: re: [baubax] re: jacket orders unfulfilled. date: wed, 23 mar 2016 11:48:16 -0400 from: lmg xxxx@gmail.com to: baubax support@baubax.com, hiral@baubax.com a refund is the only acceptable option i will accept. you have yet to provide any shipping information. i request that my correspondence and subsequent request for a refund be reviewed and approved by hiral. please stop communicating with canned responses. someone contact me at 803-2xx_xxxx that is not satisfactory. you have failed to even remotely fulfill your obligations. if a refund is not processed i will have to take additional actions. i would hope that you would not want additional adverse publicity or possible legal action. please, it is time to demonstrate some professionalism and ethical business standards. larry your request (17583) has been updated. to add additional comments, reply to this email. agent 002 mar 25, 07:07 you continue to show your professional, or lack thereof, business acumen. i am still awaiting a personal response to my communications. i don't think that is too much to expect from the ceo of an $11m company. larry grimm hiral, i am still waiting for a satisfactory, non-canned answer to my requests. larry agent 002 (baubax) mar 25, 08:20 hi larry, thank you for the follow-ups. hiral has instructed the operations team to ship your order at the earliest. we will soon provide tracking information for your package once the order has been dispatched from our warehouse. best, melissa
just received a shipping email. in nj.
@alex , hahahaha these guys are definitely a joke.  i'm trying to send an email and see if there is some sort of return policy on this scam. although i'm already making my peace with having thrown 200 eur to the garbage...
@vedran, they operate an orwellian model of censorship towards the "founding family members who’ve brought baubax to life". i asked them on facebook if deliveries had reached the us a couple of months ago. the comment was deleted and i was permanently banned.
wtf!! i posted a negative review and now it's gone from the site!! i cannot believe kickstarter allows this.
why still no tracking number, no jacket? i'm from macao very near hong kong!
@ jamie - don't worry. at the rate things seem to be going, you may not ever get your jackets. right, owen?
so apparently they're using dhl to ship to canada. of course they had to choose the carrier that charges the most. if this isn't contempt, i don't know what is.
@pj bogert thanks for the response and i totally agree on the lack of professionalism with respect to communication. this is not my first ks, but certainly this is so far not the best.  i already sent several emails, nut no response.
still nothing in boston
still nothing in macau, just next to hk.. why..
i finally got my tracking number  for my bomber but it seems the hoodie i also order might come separately.
fron san diego, i got them.  they fit me well.  thank you very much.
@alex yes! those ones. they look so cool too!  and you can totally fit them in the ipad pocket of your jacket when it maybe eventually possibly arrives someday in the near or distant future.
do you mean the $1 free water bottles some backers have been charged $30 import duty on due to incorrect customs labelling @jessica?
@alex omg i need a tissue.... don't forget the "thank you for being so patient" free dollar store water bottles they're including in everyone's shipments!!!
my god baubax just have so much goddamn love for us. forget the shipping disasters, overlook the automated emails, disregard every updateless week. focus instead on a floatilla of baubax armadas traversing the globe to deliver a humble outpouring of life changing jackets-with-extra-pockets to their customers every second of every day. baubax: “regardless of what we do in the future, we’ll never forget our founding family members. they are the ones who’ve brought baubax to life." (can't write any more; i'm welling up here...)
touché
@alex if only you had some kind of bulky jacket stuffed full of devices to help keep your sides still while you laugh!
southern california for one bomber. i haven't received anything. no tracking number, no jacket.
@jessica, stop it, my sides are hurting
i'm in oakland, ca and i received my bomber and sweater today!  i did not get any shipping/tracking notifications prior to receiving them, fyi.   ☺
got my tracking number from ups , maryland.
i like to read this again once in a while for a good laugh: "our team is comprised of seasoned entrepreneurs, fashion designers, user experience designers, and supply chain experts with more than 40 years of entrepreneurial and manufacturing experience, so rest assured the jackets will exceed your expectations. we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. we have identified and locked in our manufacturers who will be able to ship within 60 days of successful project funding, so you can enjoy your very own baubax jackets before the winter travel season kicks in."
i am in los angeles and finally got my tracking number from ups
@jsantos, nj here and no tracking info received.  i saw on another page a ks backer in ny received their item.  only advice i can give is, don't hold your breath waiting for a tracking number as was stated in one of the last updates.  marketing and salesmanship during the active campaign was excellent, once the ks campaign closed.....thanks for your money, we're on to selling more at other locations.  i understand delays, but flat out lack of communication and false promise after false promise leads me to believe they're in over their heads and they truly don't care about backers/investors, but only care about profit and number sold on paper.  i can sell 1 million widgets on paper, but if i can't deliver them to the consumer my business is doomed
i just received my shipping notice today.  in san jose, ca, ordered 1 bomber.
@rony - the next update in end up april will probably say "if you haven't got your jacket, please email us, but you won't get a response for 3-4 weeks because we are still getting ramped up"
anybody wanna make a poll on when we can expect their next update? my guess is end of april, just to say "we have shipped all jackets, not our fault anymore if you havnt gotten it"
funny how they're miraculously not incompetent at the 'sales' part. highly skilled at the pre-execution part. all very fancy videos, slick descriptions and marketing bs (that winter jacket is rrp $740 but for you today sir and only because i like you it's $295). i'll seed a business again but directly and never through a platform like kickstarter, which gives too much power to creators.
i was backer number 1323. apparently though being early bird actually means you get it last.
actually the project is presented in the exact same way than baubax.. 4 styles, 4 colors as well. they also clearly edited the video for you to believe everything fit in wo being seen even if we all know that's impossible.. in conclusion, same for me, thanks to baubax, i will never pledge any clothes project anymore and i will limit my pledge on project with reward below 100 euros. and if one day i have the chance to write a comment on their products on every website i find, i swear, they will beg me to remove it. i'm done with those incompetent people, good luck to them.
interesting @christophe that in the 'risks' section, they don't list a single 'risk'. it's something they would never get away with in the real world and the fact it is allowed is one of the reasons why i will never back a kickstarter project again.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/577214365/smart-parka-worlds-first-complete-winter-coat/description lol, good luck to them ...
i know a lot of people who give their spouses a nominal role to bolster the business credentials of the company. ms sanghavi may or may not be in management but mr sanghavi undoubtedly is and 'leads' the organisataion. he appears to have made decisions that benefit his firm at the expense of his seed funders and certainly in my view baubax has in almost every way overpromised and underdelivered. he might be a lovely gent but he has overseen a firm that has treated its seed customers with contempt.
alex, i only reference her because she's the only name under "creator".  she's logging in, only to check on projects she's backed, but she is logging in.  she is as responsible and culpable as her husband, hiral.
i've said it before but it is unclear what role ms sanghavi plays and i'd be inclined to give her the benefit of the doubt. mr sanghavi is the ceo and as the buck stops with him, personal responsibility lies with him for the appalling communication and some of the morally questionable business decisions that have emanated from his company. if he had any decency, he would apologise, step down and let someone capable take over.
i just got my jacket and it looks great.  but the inflatable pillow seems to be missing something.  there is no mouthpiece to blow into to inflate it.  unless it is somewhere else in the jacket in which case i can't find it.  please help.
oh, btw... hi yoganshi!  i see you were logged in again yesterday!  thanks so much for taking the time to provide us with an update!   oh.  wait.  never mind.
community of backers, reviews, resolution suggestions...  good, bad and ugly all reviews are welcome (though we're mostly seeing bad and ugly right now). https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@ michael haisma - you have supported what i said earlier today about the slowness of the shipping. it's almost a trickle. if they shipped at the rate they said they would, (almost) all asian and pacific backers should have gotten at least a shipping notice if not the jackets. and they still have not explained why they were two weeks late shipping from the east coast facility. i would not be surprised that a month from now, there will be people who have not gotten their jackets.
tgs, i don't know if you'll have any success with this but you could try... emailing them your measurements along with their sizing chart outlining which size to order based on measurements.  that should clearly show them that it is of no fault of your own.  if nothing else you have handy evidence for moving forward with whatever dispute resolution you may choose.   somehow i doubt they will give a flying fig but it might be worth a shot. at this point, what do you have to lose?
well said @michael is correct, baubax, get your sh*t together, quit your lying, and communicate!
thank you @michael for casting such a clear light on baubax's obfuscation.
so who pays return/reshipping if they send the wrong size? i was sent a shipping bill that has an xl instead of an xlt, and if i have to pay return shipping, i'm not even going to bother with size exchange, i'm just going to return it. ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! *deskflip*
@tom a regarding supply chain, etc. from update 15, dated january 14, 2016: "so here's where we are. production is complete for all kickstarter backers." from update 17, dated february 19, 2016: "shipping from our u.s. warehouses will begin only next week. " from update 18, dated march 1, 2016: "last week we shipped out 1,121 orders from our west coast (nevada) warehouse and 432 have been delivered. in next 72 hours we will be shipping out 5,250 more orders." from update 19, dated march 9, 2016: "thousands of backers have received their jackets already, thousands of orders are in transit to the backers and others will be receiving soon." according to their own claims, baubax's us distribution warehouses are capable of shipping over 5000 orders in 72 hours.  great! it has now been 18 business days (6 x 72 hours) since that march 1st email. if their claims are correct, they should have been able to ship at least 30,000 orders just to the west coast in that time, out of a total of 45,000 kickstarter backers total around the entire globe.  also according to their own claims, the product has already been manufactured and is ready to distribute for every single kickstarter backer. so, what is the problem? if there's an issue with a cargo ship sinking, or customs, or whatever the case may be, a little communication with your customers goes an awful long way. instead, what we get is nothing for over two weeks now, after a message which tells us to please wait, because they are already on the way.
i just want to share my experience thus far with you all as to hopefully inform others who might have encountered issues as well. as all of you will know who purchased one of the jackets/blazers etc last year they sent out a kickstarter form asking for your size and provided a link to their own sizing chart. upon getting this form i was out of town but my ex-partner as i am her carer. i asked her to look at the chart and get my measurements so i could submit the form. she knows how to measure and she went ahead and measured me, we were surprised to determine that i fit into the small range. something i don't usually do these days. we're in australia so we figured it must have been the way their sizing chart worked. that was fine, so i submitted myself as a small. now then we waited. on the 10th of march the blazer arrived. pretty decent quality and i was excited to try it on so i did. immediately both my ex and i realized what we'd suspected was odd upon the initial measurement, it didn't fit. we were both rather disappointed as the blazer was not an insignificant amount of money so i put in a support request that day. got the automated response and said they would get back to me within two weeks due to high volume, understandable really. on the 24th i got a response and after a few back and forward emails the end result is sadly as i expected. they're happy to exchange it, at my cost for shipping. now this wouldn't be a problem except the fact that we followed their sizing chart and it didn't fit. the reason? "hi brian, the blazer comes in a slim fit as people generally do not appreciate loose fitting for a formal jacket. we can process an exchange for you and send over a medium size jacket. please advise. best, ******" now i looked on their site, both a find for "slim" and a google search for the word slim on their whole website. no where does it mention the word slim. so we as customers are expected to have known that the blazers are slim fits, despite it not being mentioned anywhere. then as a result of their lack of clarification on this they expect us as customers to pay for the shipping to and from to facilitate the exchange. i don't know about others but i find it unacceptable that to facilitate an exchange on a mis-sizing due to an omitted detail we didn't know about we as customers are expected to foot the bill for shipping. now it may or may not be that expensive i don't know as i don't know where i'd be sending it to yet but generally speaking if this happens in other circumstances the consideration of cost is based on fault. who was at fault? was it customer error or something the company did wrong. in this case, definitely something on the companies end. so if anyone has sizing issues with their blazers it is likely due to the fact that the blazers are slim fits. if they are unwilling to handle the shipping costs due to their mistake i will likely be making a consumer complaint with the accc (our consumer protections body)
@angela, but we didn't get such a great price.  we paid a lot of money for what you could argue is a regular jacket with some extra pockets and gadgets. some people paid $149 inc shipping for a sweatshirt.  where i'm from you can get a decent sweatshirt without the pockets and gadgets for about 25% of that price. we were also told the future retail price would be higher. an enticement.... the actual retail price has often come in lower and retail buyers have turned up at the last minute and effectively jumped the queue.
like the other backers have said, pretty sad that you all totally screwed up one of your major markets, the us. when you can get the jackets from a slew of other countries and most of us in the us get overlooked, ignored, and generally disrespected for our faith in this startup. you all knew that communication was key after your big disaster around thanksgiving, but here we approaching april and not a word on shipment.
this link pretty much speaks for itself. another site selling our jackets. http://www.citiesocial.com/pages/search-results-page…
i am from california and i was backer 28717, and i am still waiting for my jackets. we have passed the dates of your last update and still nothing... so what are we supposed to do now?
okay, so after briefly rea ding some comments, i wanted to add some thoughts. i understand the frustration, as my husband and i have gone on various international trips and would have loved to have our jackets. with that being said, i still received what i paid for, as will everyone else, just a little later than expected. remember that is why we got such a great price, for trying something that may end of good or bad. financing an idea comes with some risk and inconvenience. i hope everyone recieves their jackets shortly and enjoys them. the material is great, colors are awesome and appears extremely well made. they are well worth the problems everyone has experienced
still waiting...  very disappointed. christmas is long gone, and one of the recipients i am gifting a jacket to is moving back overseas in a few weeks.  most likely without his jacket.  i regret my backing this project very much.
still there, red bomber women xxl, germany: https://www.ebay.de/ulk/itm/152013739334
hey all! i found this review on youtube of a full unboxing and review of the jacket, including how it looks with the pockets fully loaded! this is a great review and she shows both the men's bomber and women's sweatshirt. i'm excited to get my bomber again! view the full review here: http://youtu.be/eqlq3yrbtza
anyone from ny/nj received their jackets??
regards from vegas, received my bombers on tuesday and well worth the wait. my husband's fits fine but mine is too small. guess i'll experience the exchange process. everyone be patient, they are great jackets...
up in seattle - just got my shipping confirmation today. kudos. i think people forget all that goes into kickstarter and starting a business from scratch. there are too many assumptions that it should just be here when i order it. i have gone through quite a few kickstarters and i have yet to ever see someone able to deliver the product on time - so many variables. it's the updates that help the most, letting customers and backers know what is going on. thank you again, and look forward to the product.
great video review up on https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ by the gone gurl.
whether it's amazon, a crowdsourcing company or a lemonade stand on the side of the road, customers should not to be treated as an irritating inconvenience. if you are not prepared to show the most basic of courtesies to your customers, don't go into business. baubax: the customer is always wrong.
are these jackets going to be delivered sometime this year or are we getting another card substitute for christmas 2016? - unhappy californian backer
i have backed plenty of projects and i have never seen this amount of negligent support ever.  unfuckingbelievable.  it's great that my product is finally shipping - but you guys can't even get the address right off the response survey - and then have the gall to tell me the due date for shipping addresses was the 23rd of february and i have to contact the carrier? no, i don't think so.  it's not my responsibility to make sure the people you have working for you type in my shipping address correctly.  at this point - i'd rather have a full refund than the jacket.  my patience has run out.  awful customer service - that is all i have to judge baubax on - what does that say about your product? is it even good?  not like we would know - no one has gotten the damn thing to say whether it is or not.
oh, yeah....let's not forget they are also getting more sales via sites like touch of modern and ebags.com. good cusotmer service goes a long way.  i.e. - i ordered from an online company at christams time.  i decided i wanted to add additional items after placing my initial order.  i found they had closed ordering two weeks before christmas and noted they did so becasue they wanted to be sure they got all their orders out in time for christmas. was i upset that i missed the cut-off?  sure.  respect is more what i felt because it was great to know a that they would do that, even if it meant missing out on a few more orders.  you can bet i have gone back to order more ittems.
been doing other, more interesting things since yesterday, so i'm just getting caught up on the past 24 hours. i saw one person, from north carolina, reporting yesterday that she got her order. that's the first actual report of a delivery for the eastern u.s. that i have seen. some others reported deliveries, but they did not say where they lived. deliveries still moving too slowly. asian/pacific backers still reporting no notifications or deliveries even though they started shipping there weeks ago. apparently, canadian orders are coming from the east cost facility.
@ tom a, @ kat, @ mike p., @ alex, @ et al. - "my mind is made up. don't confuse me with facts."
@toma....i paid $223 for a product i expected to be able to use.  if complaining about the product, and it's terribly delayed shipment, with shitty cusotmer service, makes me "irrational," then so be it.  it's not okay for a company to get over $20 million in crowdsource funding and not communicate with those people.  nor is it ok that this company has received numorous complaints about, not just the delay, but the crap they sent out, and not have them be reasonable about refunds and exchanges.
tom, from your perspective, on one hand, we all have a right to speak here.  on the other hand you castigate others for speaking here.  so... which is it?  everyone has a right to speak?  or just everyone who is in the corner you're painting yourself into?
$100 isn't a great risk, it's a bar tab. this thing was so over-funded, do you think they even envisioned the supply chain they would have to set up? clothing needs fabric which doesn't just magically appear.
venture capitalists take a great risk for great reward. we've taken great risk for no reward (we could have got the same jackets more quickly and more cheaply from retail) and watched as they obfuscate with updates, delete our comments and block us.
calling me out for being a patient investor of a start-up that crowd sourced it venture capital.  or calling me out for my perspective that it's only a jacket (a mere piece of clothing).  we all have a right to speak here and i'm quite happy that i've had the opportunity to help this company get started.
delays for a big order are expected.  lack of communication for a new company, can be excused, since they are new and learning.  but deleting comments and feedback on social media for me is what is not acceptable. if they have the time to remove negative comments and opinions, then they should have a time to work on their communicationsnd pr.. for the creator who is taking business class, havent they heard of "managing expectations"? i am pretty sure they know of the frustrations people are going through, but it appears they arent worried at all. they would prefer to just shove all negative comments under the rug and keep living in their "happy place" (with their millions of $$$)
tom, you know that's not what i'm saying.  i'm calling you out for what you are and what you're doing.  i thought i made it pretty clear in my previous comment.
so i was hoping to get some sort of status update. i haven't gotten any e-mails yet and apparently people in my area are already getting their's?
@kat, so are you saying that if others don't share your vitriol, they're wrong.
no, but some of you do feel the need to hold themselves in higher esteem than their fellow backers and to troll for arguments and to be small minded, highly irrational beings who would rather castigate people than the shitshow company who created nothing but the world's worst business model.
well, some of us don't feel the need to become irrational over a piece of clothing.
toma... shill for baubax.  i like my interpretation of what the a stands for.  it suits you.  when your jacket arrives with defects, please, don't cry here.  we don't want to hear it.
@anon. tom a thinks you should learn to be patient for the jacket you paid for over six months ago, whose shipping baubax is keeping you in the dark about. consider yourself told off.
still no jackets! i live in california! what is the deal?
the principle is called patience.
@tom. no, it's not the clothing itself, it's the principle of a company taking in over $10m and treating its customers with disdain. there are local businesses near me that don't have 1% of baubax's turnover, yet have great customer service.
it's stands for awesome. or perhaps adult, since i'm not whining about this.
toma  what does the a stand for?  i have a good idea.
@kat, @alex - i'm assuming y'all bought the upgrade on the jacket that includes tissues based upon all the crying you've done on this message board. grow up, it's only a piece of clothing.
gin, i don't know what would constitute a hoo-ha for you.  for me it was the four promises that kickstarter backers would have theirs first.  ahead of anyone else.  indiegogo backers certainly deserved to get theirs ahead of third party retail sales.  not ahead of kickstarter backers.
so why is it such a big hoo-ha that indiegogo backers are -finally- getting their shipping notices? they do deserve to have that notice by now to be honest.
my bomber finally made it through customs in germany and was worth the wait. the blue is gorgeous and it fits really well. the quality seems to be great, the pen looks fantastic and there are even refills in one of the pockets. with the hood detached it looks very smart and without the pockets filled for a trip it's rather elegant. be patient. it won't go out of fashion any time soon even if some shipments take a few weeks longer. you'll be happy in the end. i certainly am.
reports are trickling in on indiegogo of people getting shipping notices.  anyone surprised?  anyone?  bueller?
i'm in montreal. still haven't recevied any news, tracking number, etc etc........
i just received my sweatshirt. but i found it too big for me. if any one in taipei or singapore would like to exchange size? sweatshirt, charcoal, m for male. need to change to xs. paul7lin@gmail.com
im in illinois, just got my tracking number!!!!
it looks like some people in the bay area of ca have received at least shipping numbers...was hoping to get mine before a trip to nyc next monday, but again, giving up hope.  i've now taken 7 trips between nov and now...and no jacket.  only so much patience someone can have...
i was backer #2058. it's still cool here in missouri if you want to send me the jacket and then i can also erase kickstarter from my life forever. yay.
i just received my baubax jacket, the sweatshirt hoodie one.  the fabric is heavy, and it appears really well made. now i just need to figure out all the zippers, openings, ties, etc. but i appreciate receiving it and wanted to let others on the east coast know that at least one of the backers here got the jacket.   it came just a couple of days after the tracking number email.
*not a baubax update* "dear backers, sorry for the delay to east coast shipments. they arrived 2 weeks later than we were informed by the shipping company. we have hired a few extra temporary staff to get them out quickly and we estimate they will all be sent by 15 april. sorry again." i timed that. it took 93 seconds to write. but baubax are too arrogant to spend 93 seconds on their backers....
please status update. even if it's a number on how many still need to ship. i want to know how long it will take to get this sweater
i'm from australia and haven't received a tracking number or any word aside form the updates. better be coming soon as winter is approaching!
i'm actually surprised that so many people need an instruction manual on how to wear a jacket :|. so, in the name of humor, here goes nothing: step 1) unzip jacket. step 2) insert the left and right hands to the respective sleeves. step 3) zip or leave the jacket unzipped. step 4) if you want to , left breast pocket is just right for passport. unzip and insert passport, and then zip. step 5) repeat step 4 for the different pockets.  step 6) to use the pillow, unzip and blow into the mechanism provided. zip up and put around your neck or as desired. step 7) to deflate pillow, unzip and press on the center of the mechanism provided until all air has been deflated from pillow. zip up and keep away. ps. this is done in the name of humor. plz dont burn me just because
in dc, i haven't received anything, backed in sept with an estimated shipping date of november 2015. i am annoyed with the lack of communication from the company regarding delays. i'm also very annoyed by reports that they are filling retail orders from other sites before being responsive to their backers.  we are the ones who made the company possible, they should fulfill their promises to us first.
i'm backer 22308, i ordered last august. i got my tracking e-mail last night for the one bomber jacket i ordered. i should have the jacket on tuesday. i'm in the phoenix area with temps in the 80's all week. i will let you know what i think of the quality.
baubax's last update:  "we are learning from our mistakes and setting up internal processes to ensure better customer support." backers will be the judge of that, not you. for me, it's been a total disaster this campaign and your communication has been consistently pathetic and an insult to your backers.
hi i am in florida and haven't received shipping notification or jacket. i am awaiting one wind breaker. thank you!
when is the next update? i still haven't even received a confirmation if my jackets were shipped or not.... and it has been 11 business days since the last update.  i would prefer to receive this jacket before it's too hot to wear them... :( this totally confirmed for me that it was a bad idea to back for a seasonal item on kickstarter... especially when the company is really bad at updating backers more regularly... :(
haven't received anything yet!?!?!?
michigan. one bomber. backer #9. nada. i believe i will get this, unlike my 'coolest cooler' fiasco, but probably won't pull it out until the fall now (although in michigan the weather is whimsical).
@adam tui received mine earlier this month.. but got stucked at the custom for a few days.. get ready to fork out additional rm120+ for the tax, that is if you are buying 2 sets of the jackets...
@tika, some have. i have tracking info for my australian order as well. i'm betting the easter break will delay them somewhat however.
has anyone in australia received them yet?
still waiting in ga.
ups says its shipped from nv via ups surepost (gets here via post office not ups) hopefully tuesday.
any malaysian received their jacket already? i would like to ask how much is the custom clearance cost per jacket?
taiwan here. i just received my jackets(finally......lol). it fits my body, quality and pretty cool. if you can add a how-to-use instruction for them, it will be much cool.
***i mean from nevada
san diego here, pledge as #1000s person. i just received an email today that they ship my jacket for nevada. it said will arrive on sat.
san francisco east bay here )san ramon).  received my blazer and windbreaker yesterday, with no advance notification.  really like the windbreaker, but not sure how well i like the zip-in hood design of the blazer,  overall, not dissatisfied. (i'm a patient man.)
san jose area here, i just received my bomber and blazer.  i never got any e-mail with tracking or notice.  quality is pretty good.  aside from the delay and lack of communication (which is admittedly a huge aside), i'm happy with what i received.
from japan, bought 4 items last november. i still got nothing and beginning to wonder if you, baubax, forgot about me at all. i had it with any promising statements you have made. all i want from you is the concrete fact and evidences.
illionis here havent receieved anything yet
@joanne i'm in decatur, so basically atlanta.  got mine today (sweatshirt), most comfortable hoodie i've ever owned.  my friends all want one now.
hi, i am in los angeles area, still no package yet... last update at beginning of march says its supposed to ship out in the west coast already. but i got nothing.
in vancouver- got email notification and tracking number- sweatshirt is on ups truck from south carolina- they are saying tuesday for delivery.  (no word on bomber jacket ordered later) first quote for customs $48.00  - final quote when it gets here.  anyone else have canadian customs amount?
@tracy ma - thanks for the update! that's good to hear - hope we get our jackets soon! also from vancouver, bc
hi, i am backer from malaysia..i have 1 l size red bomber jacket(men)..anyone have m size and want to swap with l size, please contact me at drabizz@gmail.com..thanks
looking at the design i guess they are for headphone cable or ear buds so they stay up in the jacket.
question - the jackets have several loops around the top of the inside back and along the sides inside. any idea what they are for?  in montana
i received my two bomber jackets by fedex ground but no shipping notification. they fit fine, but the neck pillow is not quite what i expected.
anyone in singapore received theirs yet? last update was that internarional orders should finish on the 12th. if they aren't done yet then we'll paitiently wait but would be nice to know.
in texas. i backed this sometime in september with a estimated shipment in november. ha! what a joke.  i have yet to receive a shipment notification. first and last time using kickstarter.
anyone in atlanta receive their jackets? i haven't.
from canada, i haven't received my jackets yet but i contacted my cc today and the person on the other end also backed a bb jacket and received it about a week ago (in toronto, i'm in vancouver). i'm laughing at the odds, but at least we know that there is at least one canadian that received their jackets! i hope the rest of us get them soon.
still haven't received my jacket. what's going on???
@cheryl west coast are shipping from nevada so it very much likely is your jacket.
received in new zealand. colors still acceptable, size fitted. quality far away as i thought. i need to pay more usd$130 for the custom to pick up my jacket. damn!
@marian canada here, i have to received anything yet, not any communication to suggest it's shipped yet!!
michigan, one xxl sweatshirt. received tracking today! shipping ups.
has anybody in canada received theirs yet?
@kat, well said! outstanding.
got my jacket today. it took me a while to figure out the pillow valve but once i got it i was really impressed. i am very happy with my jacket! can't wait until my next flight.
i ordered 2 jackets and i live in singapore. i did not receive any shipping details yet. my friends who ordered one jacket have received them several weeks ago. should i be concerned?
＠ashli kissinger just blow air into that hole!!!!! it will hold the air in it, unless you press the center of the plastic piece it will deflate. also the gloves are designed to cover the rest of the hand which can't be covered by the built-in ones.
backer #799 and i got a random tracking number from ups originating from nv.  i'm hoping this will be the two sweatshirts that i ordered.
also, does anyone else think the gloves are really small?
got my two jackets today and received no shipping notifications. question... how do you inflate the neck pillow? both of mine just have a large hole and that's it.
well now i'm concerned since i'm backer #5,949 and i haven't gotten any email shipping notification or product...
got both my jackets today. no shipping notification until fedex told me it arrived. both jackets are extremely high quality. figuring things out took a bit but im super happy with my backing! good job baubax. i knew you had it in you. just improve on communication.. srsly.. lol
just got my husband's today. shipping notification came to me about 4 days ago. we're in south florida. quality is thankfully much better than i'd hoped! he's so excited he wants to go home to ny just to have a reason to wear it!
just got mine and my brothers jacket today here in norcal! the fit is perfect for me could of sized up maybe on my brothers, though it does fit. i agree with others who say the sizes tend to run smaller.
backer #4,258 - unless mine is sitting in my mailbox today, i still haven't received here in seattle. i also sent a request today for a refund. we'll see if they choose to honor it.
just got my jacket here in central nc.  heavier than i thought it would be...will be too warm soon to wear here in nc, but it will be great in cooler temps.  biggest disappointment is the blanket.  i also thought it would be flatter and fit in a pocket but it really bulges out when put in a pocket.  it will go in my car glove compartment.  really like the longer sleeves with thumb holes and gloves.  pen is a great feature as well...and hood.  i agree with another person that the hood is really bulky if you keep the neck pillow in it.  i'll only put it in when i'll be traveling on a plane (unless i forget that is).  nexus 6 is a tight fit, but it does go in my front upper pocket.  passport fits great.  i don't think the man in the picture has the neck pillow in the hood or blanket in the blanket pocket. overall, great sweatshirt, good quality.  good to have the wait over!
west coast bay area, ca: i got the tracking number email! like another comment said, ups tracking number not active yet. package is probably still being prepared to be sent out for delivery. finally!... still have some sort of windy/cold days before spring finally arrives...perhaps a day or two of rain too to test this jacket out.
my jackets just arrived today! yay! i never did receive an email with tracking numbers, etc. my jacket is way too small, but i understand that i can exchange it. i can't seem to find any size charts now, so i can figure that out...
i still haven't received the jacket....what is happening??!!
i finally got my shipping email with a tracking number! west coast.tracking number doesn't seem to be active yet, but hopeful.
picked mine (bomber, black) up from the post office yesterday (europe, import fees involved). was afraid of the sizing, but it fits just right, can't believe it. :) loving the gloves in this kind of somewhat chilly weather. i find it a cool and practical jacket so far.
rants, reviews, all free from sanctimonious asshats: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
mike kopack's philosophy seems to be "so what?"   so what if a company claimed their backers would be the first to have jackets in their hand and then made sure retail buyers from the first tom sale got theirs before a single backer jacket shipped. so what if a company lied to their backers, multiple times, about numerous things. so what if baubax deletes critical reviews from their facebook page. so what if baubax then blocks the people who left critical reviews so they can, in a stunningly inept effort, try to keep only a positive light shining on them. so what if a company would rather spend endless hours dealing with tens of thousands of emails sending canned replies instead of actually providing their backers with an update. so what if a company treats the people who, literally, gave their company life, like something gross they stepped in. so what if baubax is leaving people with defective items sitting in the dark about when or how they will fix the problems. so what. here's what... most people would see all of the above (and the numerous items i've left out or forgotten) as a reason to think the company which does all of the above is a complete and utter disgrace. my beef with you, you sanctimonious, ill mannered dung beetle is that you have no business criticizing the people who recognize all of the above translating into a company no sane person would want to do business with.
i have not gotten any email about anything. i don't think i am ever getting this jacket.
@hil: except you said that backer numbers should mean something, when in all reality, it rarely, if ever, does mean something. /shrug
i just received my notification email from baubax. honestly i did not think i was going to ever going to get it. but apparently it is in its way! i am in santa barbara ca.
@owen ok, then, thanks for reiterating the point i made back at me.  /shrug
hmmmm, another week, still nothing.
mine just got here today. congratulations and thanks to baubax! i got my order shipped email about three weeks ago. here's some pictures: http://imgur.com/a/eadij i'll my more complete opinion once i've gotten some mileage out of it, but here's my feedback so far. the material is very comfy, and the plethora of pockets is great. it's warm enough to wear in my chilly climate, yet not to warm to wear unzipped indoors. the inflatable doesn't really fold flat at all, and feels very lumpy in the hood. i'll probably end up removing and forgetting as a result. it feels like there might be some internal strings to the pillow to give it more structure when inflated that keep it from flattening out all the way. the removal of these would improve the situation. it's a sweatshirt/whatever style first, and the pillow should avoid compromising that, even if it makes it a worse pillow. the blanket is a bit disappointing. it has a nice soft texture, but only on one side. the roll up pouch is neat, put i was picturing something that folded nicely into a flat square to put in a larger pocket. rolled up, it's lumpy and annoying when carried. it'll probably end up in a camping bag or a glove compartment in a car.
is it possible to ask baubax to create a tracking status pages so we can go there to check out items status? it's kinda scary that we just wait and pray that hope they won't forget you.
yup, it's definitely my baubax: the reference number is my backer number.
i'm almost backer 20,000 but i believe i've received a tracking number for my sweatshirt to be delivered on saturday. i haven't received an email from baubax about any of this, but i haven't ordered anything from "rakutn super logistics, lithia springs, ga, us." we'll see. i'm in nc, on the east coast of the us.
whats is going on?
@hil: that's why i added typically in there. with baubax, you take the usual rules of shipping, and communication, and throw those out with common sense.
i've been smart to simply forget about this baubax order as it was simply making me more and more irate.  well, today i surprisingly received an email from support@baubax.com with my ups tracking information.  it is not working yet but probably will tonight.  i'm interested to see where they are shipping from to the west coast.  fyi, my backer number was 17700 and i'm in los angeles.  i ordered 1 bomber.  i think they are just dribbling out these orders based on what volume the shippers can handle.  when, or if, it arrives, i will report back on quality, fit, etc.
the saddest part about this fiasco is that it's been 14 days and no new updates from the company.  it's like they are just ignoring us hoping we shut up and go away.  real professional.
@owen and regarding complexity of order determining shipping order, that doesn't explain why people who only ordered one item, are still waiting while other who ordered multiple have received theirs when baubax posted that the single orders would ship first. you speak as if you are providing 'fact", when the fact is, there's clearly no order to it at all.
@owen that was my point. people here keep posting their number as if it means anything.
may someone tell me where is my jackets? i order 2, i get emails but no jackets, no tracking number either.
hello guys!! lets get to 10,000 comments!!
@katelynn: you probably would get it sooner, but do you really want to give this company more of your money? of course, the option to sell the original one for the price you paid extra remains...if they end up finding it/sending it.
my jacket shipped, but it's been reported lost in transit on the usps website since march 10. i've asked baubox for a refund or a re-shipment, but it takes several emails to get a response, and nothing more than "we're looking into it." i'm disappointed. i guess i could just buy one on ebags for higher than i originally paid? i'd probably get it sooner. :( http://www.ebags.com/brand/baubax
@hil: there are very few campaigns that ship based on backer number. typically, the order of who gets theirs shipped first is who has the least complex order to put together. @mike kopack: how about the fact that they know of things that are going to cause delays, or are causing delays, and decide that three or more weeks after the delay they decide to say something about it. or selling the product somewhere else, when they clearly stated that backers would receive their jackets before third party retailers/orders!
@alex @kat : seriously though what exactly are you two really accomplishing with all the rabble rousing complaining and screaming here? nothing. other than getting people worked up for no real reason, you're just complaining because baubax hasn't done things the way you want them to.  sorry, deal with it. that's life!
i am backer 6700. that's right, six thousand seven hundred.  i have not received anything. no notice of shipment, no tracking info, no jacket.  shipping estimate was november 2015.
i am backer #26,156:  on march 1, baubax's update stated that jackets were being mailed from their nevada warehouse.  i live in california, and have not received the bomber jacket that i ordered.  i am becoming concerned, as we have had a lot of package thefts in our area.  please update us! now!
there seems to be no rhyme or reason to who get's their order first. our pledge number clearly has zero bearing on this, not does the number of jackets you ordered, even though baubax stated that singe orders would be filled before those who ordered multiple jackets. that said, they are shipping. just don't expect your pledge number to mean anything, yes it should, but that's not the reality of the situation.
backer number 531 and no product, no communication, and a too bad so sad attitude from this company.  god i hate baubax for empty promises and poor poor communication.
@john and @ta li: i'm in canada, and there has been one confirmed tracking notification recipient that i've seen of the 2,832 canadian backers(went to the community tab for that number, so it's a valid number).
@ta li don't worry, i'm a single jacket backer (also in texas) still waiting on at least a tracking number. maybe we'll get lucky within the next week?
so i'm backer #16,537 (i'm in texas) and apparently many others much later than me (& in texas) have received their jackets. it'd be nice to hear something, anything from them. sigh.
@derrick, @creator so awesome to hear that tracking numbers and orders are on their way for the east coast backers at last. i am very excited to receive my jacket soon!  the project was delayed a bit to the dismay of some backers, but the original delivery date was based off of a $20,000 goal, so i'm not concerned.  i do wish there were more updates throughout the campaign, but i imagine this was a lot to handle.
got my sweatshirt in texas earlier this week. initial impression of quality is very positive but its too warm to actually wear outside now :) still trying to figure out how to inflate the pillow.
still waiting in raleigh, nc. has anyone on the us east coast received their's yet or even a tracking number?
@megan 'contempt' is the perfect word for how they have treated us. baubax resent having to send out parcels and do updates, when they could be getting our teeth into profitable retail channels and working on our brand. they're like the guy who gives you a sponsorship pledge with a friendly smile and then scowls at you when it's time to pay up.
hey all,  just  got my baubax bomber jacket  from my country's (philippines) customs beaureau after a loooooooooong time of waiting.  i have to say in fairness  to baubax,  it is  really  really  good  product.  worth every bit of the wait. the craftmanship and the work that went into this was just  superb.  just one thing though...  i really  assumed  the bomber jacket was more of a bomber style or bomber - inspired   jacket based on the pictures and the video..  i didn't  expect  it to be fleece lined and legitimately thick.  i live in the tropics...  im  such an idiot. if  only  i could  send it back for a sweatshirt  instead.  :)   not the company's  fault.  oh well,  here's  to hoping ill be able to fly out to a cold country  soon. great product,  thank you.  :)
@mike kopak: so, which one of them is your relative/significant other?
@mikekopeck you can try as hard as you can to focus on the "positive" side of this whole project, and bank on the fact that they are delivering, as the last piece of bargaining chip in this community but it still does not rub off the other obvious detrimental faults like lack of proper comms, false marketing of self-resume/credentials, poor logistical handling, don't-give-a-damn attitude and others. i still remember wallace(a baubax supporter to boot) saying it is only after last february that we should get worried, well it's late march now. so while your points have validity, we have already passed that stage, and the negative aspects of this project outshines the positive at this point of time. a pity baubax did not live up to the support and hopes you had for them. they had their chance and they just dug themselves a hole without us having to do much or anything for that matter.
i got a tracking # for my sweatshirt.  i'm in chicago.  eagerly waiting to see what, if anything, actually shows up.
i think this comment was only posted under the last update, but i thought it was very enlightening, so i hope janice doesn't mind if i share it here: janice prezzato 6 days ago novice importers have challenges, regardless of country of entry. shipping today by ocean is a very well defined process. the challenge here is did baubax plan the shipping directly with an ocean forwarder that could enable prompt distribution following customs clearance at west coast ports or did they leave the entire process to their shipper or did they hand it off to a party that claimed they could execute? for a distribution of this magnitude most major ocean forwarders would have met an outlined the entire process from end to end and - 1. determined best and most cost effective shipping via ocean; 2. worked with their customs broker (in most instances, the same as the forwarder) to work on potential pre-clearance review of the products and meet with customs ahead of time to reduce the possibility of any potential customs inspection; 3. engage the same forwarder to handle sub-sort and distribution with emailed tracking visibility from the time the order was shipped to delivery; and 4. ensure the ocean forwarder also had access to competitive package and or postal distribution to the end user. it is obvious that baubax has learned their lessons and the potential damage to their 'young"brand. having the factory control the shipment routing is an obvious error. using multiple parties to deliver on a complex multi-mode distribution is not the way to go. there are major companies that provide competitive door to door services. really? i know this because i work for one of those companies (for over three decades) that could have executed this with minimal stress. i am in the central part of the u.s. and i have yet to receive my two products. the execution of this may not be baubax's direct fault. however, they did choose the wrong logistics/distribution companies.
still waiting in nyc, but i feel so bad for everyone being hit by these crazy customs/shipping fees, on top of the horrible delays and shoddy customer service. especially when baubax claims the reason for the most recent halt in shipping was to address them - and it's so weird how people in the same country are getting hit with such varied amounts. this is just one more way baubax has made uniformed decisions about how to service their backers. (and i'm a little confused about the grey area between reward and purchase. if this isn't a purchase (one you could return or refuse payment for), how are they justifying these high fees being assessed? i guess it's not a surprise they're not working for their backers, given the contempt they've shown in their communication all along, but it's still disappointing.)
@jamie: long, long ago, in a comment page days(possibly a month by now) past, there were links to pictures of jackets some backers received.
@alex: could be minutes, seconds, years, lifetimes, or pretty much any measurement of time that you could conceive of(fortnight?).
i find it interesting that we've seen a bunch of pics of boxes and shipping/receiving areas but no pics of the finished product in a happy satisfied customer's possession.  maybe the jackets are actually nothing but a metaphor for crass capitalist consumerism in the global economy... or they just don't exist and we all got ripped off.
yes @kirsten. there is no don. it's someone who's watched mad men.  english is his first language, though he also speaks rudenesstocustomerese. also 24-48 hours or days? great accidental strategy by baubax there to leave it ambiguous.
@alex both of the "customer service" reps consistently spelled my name wrong. and maybe that's why all of their other responses are copy-pasted? it's also possible that don's name isn't actually don and that english isn't his first language. not a good enough explanation or a valid excuse, but standard practice in customer service industry.
got your name wrong. terrible grammar. classic baubax communication style from a team dedicated to communication. ps is don an anagram of todd?
after a week and a half of frustrated emails and copy pasted answers, i finally got someone to be straight up. this is the closest we'll get to an "update" re: east coast shipping hub. i know it was obvious for the past couple of days, but like i said, i started this thread of inquiry a week and a half ago. "hello kristen, east coast shipping is a go. your order is being process and you will receive tracking number in 24-48. sincerely, don"
i went to starbucks and paid £5 for a sandwich. i told them i had an allergy to tomatoes, they said it didn't have any but it did in fact and now my face is swollen up like a balloon. obviously won't complain #firstworldproblems i then ordered a takeaway pizza from home. the company double charged my card $1000 not $10.00 but obviously i won't complain. #firstworldproblems i got into my bed at the end of the night and the plumber had said he had fixed the roof but actually water dripped onto me all night. obviously i won't complain - it's going to have zero effect, no, i'm just going to sit here with my gigantic face, empty bank account and catch hypothermia  #mikekopackviewoflife
@mike kopak, it appears you are the one spitting in the wind. guess what? it is only you that the spittle is landing on. you are a self-indulgent narcissist who has nothing better to do than criticize other people with legitimate concerns and valid issues. many of us spent a fair amount of money on this project and expect a reasonable roi. suggest you sit back and wait for your sweatshirt  and let the rest of us continue about our business.
@tom a. so when your jacket arrives and it's wrong and baubax take forever to sort it out and you incur extra charges, you will be sitting there peacefully. after all because it's crowdsourcing, they can do what they want with their $10million and have no obligations to their backers.
@mikekopeck, you might be wasting your time being the only voice of reason in this tempest of ignorance and impatience. #firstworldproblems
from taiwan. still nothing, no tracking number, no jackets. very upset.
@mike kopack, by your logic, if every human ever feels mistreated they shouldn't enforce their right to protest and should just roll over meerkly. what kind of companies do you think that is going to lead to under zero accountability?
i'm in missouri...would like to hear if anyone else in my area has received a tracking email?
in my experience, enticing people to buy by saying that the future retail price will be x and then selling through retail for less than x is a direct contravention of advertising standards.
hi, the jacket is too big. how do i return?
i'm in nyc and i just received my tracking code from baubax. my wife received her tracking code on 3/22 and expected to deliver today.
i received my bomber jackets yesterday in california. however one is not the tall size that i ordered. has anyone else had this experience? did they not make the tall sizes or did i just receive the wrong size?
oh mike kopack, you're such a joy. guess what?  tom doesn't have them to ship. they're just a storefront. baubax ships them at the end of a sale. you may not mind that your money was used to produce jackets, which were promised to kickstarter backers first no less than four times, and that retail buyers are getting them first.  yay you!  go give yourself a big ole pat on the back. and then go,look in the mirror and ask yourself what on earth you're getting out of castigating people who have every right to vent, criticize and commiserate on this forum.  who made you king of what people should or shouldn't be feeling?
just got mine. worth the wait. singapore
i've just got my jacket. got the shipping tracking code on march 17th and they're arrived today. delivery destination to australia. question : is the gloves only have 2 size (s and m) ?? because my l jacket also comes with m size gloves
hey, i'm not the one being childish and throwing a hissy fit because "my jacket hasn't arrived yet, why are others getting theirs and i haven't gotten mine yet?"   people here all seem to expect instant gratification. if there are actual production issues (bad quality, incorrect sizing, etc.) that's one thing. but i just love seeing the people post demanding refunds (not going to happen), or the ones who think that everything should have gone out the door to us on the same day and don't understand that they're working through 10's of thousands of orders and thus can't all be shipped the same week, let alone the same day.   or the ones who complain it doesn't fit well - it's too tight here and too big there (um, hello, everyone is shaped/sized differently... it's one thing if you measure what you got and it doesn't match the sizing chart- that's a production defect, it's different if you're just "lumpy" shaped and can't fit into it.) people just seem to be losing their minds over this thing for very little reason. 1) it's a kickstarter, not amazon. 2) working through all these orders takes time 3) they're building a business, not a 1 off production run, so of course they used all the $$ they got (including the profits) and made extra and sent the extra to retail places like touch of modern to sell - and tom has them and can use their internal logistics to ship, so they're going to be faster delivering - they're not working through a 40,000 order backlog! think people and stop spouting off about your personal frustration/issue/whatever. consider the wider situation. or don't and continue bitching and moaning about it here when it's going to have zero effect on getting your jackets earlier, getting them to fit better, or change how baubax does business... enjoy spitting into the wind...
to clarify, i mean i will be persistent and use up all my spare time(that could be better used relaxing) eating up their inbox with demands, i will create as many emails, and twitter accounts, as necessary to eat up all their damned time.
anyone have their email?
@trisha, where in canada are you located?
@trisha: this is ridiculous. when i get it, if they ship all of them through dhl, and i need to pay, baubax is refunding me every penny that i spend on the shipping. since shipping is supposed to be included in your original pledge.
to whom it may concern, i want a refund and i have contacting  the bbb and also my credit card company......i have every email that i sent you and that you sent me.......334 to be exact!!.....i will start a lawsuit if you don't send me the jackets i pledged for. very poor business sense.i will post every single email on facebook and on every social media that i can find..........trust me i have the time and the way to do this. cindy molzer-aranguren
got my tracking number. i live in canada and they are shipping dhl - hello stupid fees/taxes.  dhl is the worst shipping company they could have used.  had i known that they would be using them i would have not purchased.  dhl charges the custom fees, which is fine.  but their processing fees are ridiculous and i will end up paying another 50-100 bucks for this jacket.  not happy.
well, to join the ever growing list on here, i too am still waiting on shipping information from baubax.  i sent an email the other day and received the generic "thank you for your patience during our delays" response.  i wrote again to get more information and also tried to get a response on twitter, only to find out today they have now blocked me on twitter.  i was so excited for this product in the beginning, and now it has left such a terrible taste that i will most likely never come back to kickstarter and i will be looking into filing a fraud complaint with my credit card company.  the lack of communication and then blocking people for questioning where the items are on social media is just screaming this is a terrible company, a complete scam, and that they are not going to go anywhere good pretty fast.
do t think anyone in hong kong has got theirs yet. me neither
has anyone from canada received any shipping notifications yet? i just looked back(not all the way to my last comment mind you) and didn't see anything.
guess who's selling on touch of modern again as of today? honest, unedited reviews about the baubax experience can be left here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
anyone based/living in indonesia that has gotten their jacket or tracking number yet? i'm afraid mine got lost somewhere in transit.
just got tracking number (not yet active) for connecticut (east coast us). ups. wrong size on my sweatshirt and wrong extras on the invoice, but at this point i'll take what i get lol!
i'm backer #16,020 and i just received my tracking information yesterday for one sweatshirt.  should be delivered on saturday.  i'm located in sarasota, florida.
@tom they started shipping over there first just because you live near their hq doesn't mean you will receive first all depends on where the warehouses are and when they get around to filling your order
from hanoi, vietnam. finally got a tracking number. and my jacket was sent on march 15th. 3-day late. so maybe it should come to my address in 1-2 days.
i'm based out of the chicago land area where they are located and other countries are getting then - but not me
i live in singapore, i got my baubax jackets about a month ago. must say i really adore mine! friends and colleagues are notably jealous. the pen/stylus works great, unlike what everyone else said i love my neck pillow and how the hoody doubles up as eyeshades. my boyfriend also loves his sweatshirt that came in blue. i ordered mine in a size xs, i fit into uk 8. his size s fits fine too. patience is key, we were all expecting it for christmas after all. it was worth waiting for!
at this pace we should complete shipping all international orders by march 12th. - baubax, kickstarter.  ok i've given it 2 more weeks after their estimated shipping time. 2 weeks. going on holiday for a month, doubt it'll come before may, i won't even be here to receive it! who'd think it'd still not arrive after march 25th!!! only if i can go to the hong kong warehouse myself and collect it.
i am in austria,  got my baubax bomber today. sorry to say, i was exited when i backed the project, now that i´ve received the jacket, i´m disappointed. material quality is o.k. nevertheless it looks very cheap. especially the ipad pocket is very loose, and if one´s in, it looks like a sack. the pillow doesn´t really stabilize the neck. the gloves are one size to small (short).... short summary, to overhyped.
i am in florida ,i still waiting for it,and it is summer time here already maybe i have to wait to fall to wear it.not so happy.
holy cr*p! i actually got a tracking number! wonders never cease! (or i'm hallucinating. it could be that too lol.) apparently my order is on its way to the uk. i will let you know what it's like when they turn up! i'm not going to allow myself to be excited until i receive the package and actually hold something that fits and i'm happy with in my hands.   sad, isn't it, that based on the reviews here, i'm not holding out much hope for something i will really like.
yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i got my 6 pack in taiwan just now. though i have to pay about 46usd taxes, i'm still quite happy with these jackets. thanks baubax.   kunhan from taiwan.
this is the first time i have commented here.... i was very excited, my jackets were due to be delivered today, i have a trip next week and was very excited that i will finally get to wear my jacket.... but the address the courier used was not the same as what i gave them, the courier left out my unit number (and i've checked the confirmation email of my address to make sure it wasn't my mistake, it wasn't). so now the delivery failed, tomorrow is a public holiday, then its weekend, then it will take 2-3 more business days to schedule the re-delivery. so i won't get it in time for my trip after all. why bother to confirm my address if they don't even use what i sent them?
omfg !!!!! i just get my tracking number (ho chi minh city in vietnam) it's about time !!!! thought i was the last on earth to get it ! dear backer, thank you for supporting baubax! we’re happy to let you know that your order no 17190 has been dispatched from our hong kong warehouse. checkout your package details below. remember, if you have supported us on different campaigns/platforms, then your orders will be shipped separately and tracking information will be provided for each order.
oh. if you need an invite to tom https://touchofmodern.com/i/zlcy4a6r
and... they're back on touch of modern. a men's bomber is $150+$6 shipping. i'm still waiting for mine from kickstarter.
baubax have been utterly insincere in their updates and displaying lack of respect for their backers from the beginning to the end of this campaign. @mike kopack has been a jumped-up child masquerading as an adult and throwing hissy tantrums from the beginning to the end of this campaign. i admire their consistency.
i'm in melbourne australia and just got my jackets today but i ordered 2 xl women's jackets and they sent 1 xl and 1 s!!! not happy!!
i'm from texas any information about the shipping??
good for you tom a!  you just sit back, chillax and laugh.  when you get your faulty or ill fitting garment, please don't come here to rant about it.  when you email the creators a dozen times and get no response i hope you can still laugh. when you're told lie after lie by the creators i hope you don't have to dig too deep to find your sense of humor.  that you find it amusing thousands of people are still waiting for results after these greedy, obnoxious creators sold the run of product we funded on retail sites is kind of disturbing. really.
sorry from perth australia
just got mine 2 days ago, quite good my sister likes hers as well:)
at this pace we should complete shipping all international orders by march 12th. - baubax, kickstarter. it's march 24th. no hide nor hair of tracking order. brisbane, australia. any australians got theirs yet?
the amount of impatience on this board is humorous to say the least. if you're looking for instant gratification, it's called amazon. this website is crowd sourcing venture capital. the sad thing is all these complaints are over a piece of clothing. haven't gotten mine, but i'm sure when it arrives, i'll be stoked, because it's only a sweatshirt.
robert, east coast  u.s. so far has been ups/usps. think it was same on west coast as well??
backer number 21278. hong kong. 3 jackets. nothing.
customers that havereceived their jaket(s).  what postal service are they using?
i contacted their support a couple days ago requesting a refund because i'm tired of being lied to and lost hope of getting my jacket.  this was their response: agent 005 (baubax) mar 23, 17:07 hi, thank you for writing to us. we understand that you are concerned about the delays we are experiencing with delivery of the jackets and we want you to know that we are doing everything we can to deliver the jackets. we also understand that you have requested a refund but unfortunately we are unable to process your request. your order has already been manufactured and your pledge amount has been invested in our production activities. as a startup firm we have limited funds and it is difficult to provide refunds at this stage of our project. wishing you a great day ahead! -price what a load of bullsh*t.  can't even give me at least a tracking number or anything?  i have a feeling my money just went to supporting a lying company out of charity.
lmao @ mike kopack smacking down on everyone. hey mike!  if you meet one jerk a day, it's too bad you ran into a jerk.  if you run into a few jerks a day, that's pretty unlucky. if everyone you meet is a jerk then maybe, just maybe, you're the jerk!
hi all! i got my jackets! i pledged for a bomber and sweatshirt. pretty good quality, the lining i think could have been done just a bit better on the sweatshirt. i understand that there's a lack of communication but i just talk it up to them being overwhelmed. the one question everyone is asking is if people were sent tracking, i did get it 2 days before it was delivered. i'm on the west coast los angeles area, hope everyone gets theirs soon.
just got my blazer! wasn't that bad as some previous comments consider it still a travel jacket.
man. why isn't price answering all emails? seems like he's the only one that cares and takes the time to actually make sincere responses. no thanks to anne and don.
mpls, mn and nothing here. hoping next week?? at this point, i'm in no hurry plus spring isn't here quite yet. ;)
ok so finally after relentlessly trying to contact baubax and i did mention several times i'll dispute my transaction to my bank and bbb. i got this 2 reply within the past 5 hours.. agent 005 (baubax) mar 23, 12:46 hi there, i can see you have an order but for some reason it has not left the warehouse. i would like to apologize for this and please give me some time to look into this and see why it has not gone out yet. -price and again after i kept pushing to asks who is in charge of the shipping here goes the reply. agent 005	 agent 005 (baubax) mar 23, 17:27 hi again, so actually i don't know who is in charge of shipping, usually it is on the screen i go to look up orders, but when i look at your order it is blank. let me get together with my shipping manager and we will figure this out. -price so in conclusion, they admit that they'd lost my order that i had paid for it months ago. whilst they'd been promising that the order are ready to be shipped and now that's not the case.
uk. still nothing.  sigh.
@mike kopack, if you "don't care" so much why in the hell did you waste our time posting your self-absorbed diatribe? i suggest you go find something else to keep you occupied. i for one hope you enjoy a long wait. as @joe stolnicki stated i appreciate the information being provided.
thanks for your input mike kopack. i will take a piece of your advice and inform you that "i don't care". now, for those that aren't self absorbed asshats, i do appreciate every update and piece of information that the backers here share. so thank you for all the "it's shipping here now", "this is what i'm hearing", and "this is my opinion on things"!
does baubax hold the record for most comments on kickstarter?
i received the tracking # on monday and it arrived today. it took almost 2 days before the tracking information showed up on fedex tracking system. i'm in southern cali and i ordered 2 x bomber jackets. within the first hour of getting the jacket however, i already broke the zipper on the neck pillow.
the amount of mind losing over shipment is just hillarious to sit back and watch. i just love how everyone feels the need to let us all know about whether they've gotten their jacket or not yet.. as if by some logistical miracle they were all going to get shipped out on the same day... as the song goes - "i dont care!"  when it comes it comes. nobody gives a flying crap what backer number you are, when you backed, what you backed, whether you've gotten your tracking number, whether it works yet, whether it's the wrong size or not... seriously people. geez. stop being so self absorbed. it's just a jacket! we all paid, we're all waiting. give it a rest and go do something else and quit worrying so much.  if you were expecting a retail experience 1) you were sadly mistaken and 2) you should have gone to a store.
just a little info for those receiving notice saying your package shipped.... it took a little over 24 hours before the tracking number actually became "active" in the ups system. also, it looks like east coast u.s. is using a hybrid ups/usps shipping. main moving by ups and final delivery by usps.
texas here just got my jackets backer # 31,274. worth the wait! the build quality is great, fabrics are soft , jackets are super warm, and seems very durable. we got 1 bomber and 1 hoodie. the only issue is it is now 80 in texas and i have gained some weight since ordering so the large is a bit small but i now have a  reward for losing the weight!!
vancouver, bc backer here. i received a tracking email yesterday - looks like they are starting to ship to canada!
backer #1047 in st louis, mo. got a tracking number today. its still not up on ups site so i can't say where its getting shipped from.
nyc here and still nothing....
another backer from vancouver, bc who has not received anything (shipping notification, tracking number, or the product itself) all all.
behold, my 2 sweatshirts arrived today, in san mateo (sf bay area) without notification from baubax.   as i posted a couple of days ago, i did however receive notice from ups via my ups.  my ordeal is officially ended.  however, my view of this project was less traumatic than it appears most have been.  as this was my first crowd funding project, i was happy to have received something :-). on to the sweatshirts:  my son and i spent 30 minutes playing with his.  he absolutely loves it.  now the moment of truth, will mine fit as well...  i was surprised to find that it does.  so i am happy to say that i do not have to deal with an exchange.  have nothing to add that has not already been stated.  neck pillow is awkward, and i immediately removed it for my "daily" wearing. scoop gloves are "bigger" than i thought they would be. in general, despite horrid communications and honest updates from baubax i am happy with the end result.  if not for the lack of honest updates from the company, i would look for another purchase.  but, i am not willing to give more money to this company now.
re: recent posts from east coast backers - it appears that they have just started sending out notices. i have seen a couple this week. but it's just been a trickle so far. they are essentially 2-1/2 weeks behind the schedule they posted back in early march. if the hong kong (international) and west coast shipments are any guide, it could take several weeks before a large number of people get their jackets.
from vancouver, bc here as well. still no tracking number or shipment :(
here in the west coast, still haven't received any tracking or shipment - vancouver, bc
when are you shipping to the east coast?! no tracking number or anything
got a tracking number but i am curious what a side open box is?
hello!!!!! i still have not received my jacket (massachusetts) what is going on!!!!!!!!! very dissapointed and feeling scammed here!!! what the heck is happening i want answers please, you have my money i want my jacket, now!
still haven't received nothing (eastcoast). and the reviews of those who received something are very disappointing. welcome to the biggest kickstarter scam !
kat, susan, brian i know kickstarter claims they have no liability here but i wonder if kickstarter has created liability by maintaining a link on the kickstarter baubax page taking people to the indiegogo baubax page to place an order.  kickstarter clearly knows that baubax is in violation of the terms of service and has failed to deliver to the backers as promised multiple times.  i also wonder if they are getting and compensation for traffic they direct to the indiegogo site?
susan, brian, kickstarter made over $450,000 for being, essentially, a glorified craigslist. they aren't going to change what works.... well, what works for them.  the reply susan got the second time around sure looks reassuring and like they're listening, but they aren't.  that second reply is also a canned reply.  the backer community is what makes or breaks platforms like this. like uber. like indiegogo. they are ingenious cash cows which produce nothing but milk for very little hay.
seattle/tacoma area backer just received tracking info. neither backer number nor how many jackets ordered seem to matter in what order they are going out, but they do appear to be steadily shipping them, so hang in there.
@susan, did kickstarter not recieve any of the $9 million? don't they owe it to their pledges to take a slightly larger seat at the table as opposed to a $2,000 start up. over in los angeles, and after being told nov, then dec, then late feb, to finally its en route with no shipping date, i am a week or two away from a credit card dispute as well as contacting the bbb. this is disgusting and no where did i come across "honest and clearly presenting" from baubax, one of the three kickstarter rules! just another disgruntled backer who appears to be done with ks
have not received a tracking number yet
21 comments below is my original correspondence with kickstarter in regards to my concerns about backing future projects based on current guidelines. while i did not get an answer that particularly like, maren responded to me almost immediately, with a reply that did address my concerns. although i still believe there should be some changes to 'tighten up' guidelines, i respect kickstarter for their upfront and  timely reply. "hi susan, i apologize if my response seemed "canned" in any way. however, our policies do remain constant, so our answers will be consistent. but you’re right — we can’t guarantee creators’ work. we believe strongly in creative freedom and we uphold that philosophy by allowing each creator on kickstarter to be wholly responsible for their own project and their own work. in the end, if they can’t finish what they promised, it’s their responsibility. supporting creators as they work to bring projects to life isn’t anything like shopping in a store, and it’s anything but failproof. in fact, it’s not intended to be — giving creators room to try out their new ideas is a big part of why we love what we do. most of the time, creators both communicate and deliver, and backers have good experiences; what you’ve gone through is certainly the exception, not the rule. we really hope that — when you’re ready — you’ll be able to find projects and creators that inspire confidence and enthusiasm in you again. some people who are great at creating things aren’t quite as great at customer service — and it’s definitely a let down when that leads to bad experiences, poor communication, or backers feeling they’re at a loss for options. creators know they’re responsible for working with backers to make sure everyone gets the rewards they’re expecting. still, we regularly remind them of their obligations and let them know if we notice backer frustration; we also offer our advice on best practices if they’re having trouble completing their work. but in the end it’s up to them to finish what they’ve started. no one else can do it for them, or force them into action. your feedback provides us with valuable insight into real-life backer experiences and things we’ll keep in mind. so thank you for taking the time to send along your detailed feedback, we appreciate it. best, maren"
east coast, have not received a tracking number nor my jacket
@paul gardner that's odd it took 2 full days for it show up for tracking with fedex website.
tracking number received 6 days ago, but still "not found" by fedex...
has anyone from the east coast or the midwest gotten their jackets? the last update we got said east coast shipping was going to happen weeks ago. i got a canned response from baubax when they missed yet another deadline: "hi jacqueline, thank you for writing to us. our warehouses are shipping out hundreds of orders daily. your order will be processed soon and dispatched from our warehouse. we will provide the tracking number and carrier details once your order has been dispatched. thank you for supporting us!"
@owen i said almost a year.
faux faux
@melissa bleier  yeah i saw other norcal people getting their jackets so i was excited when my tracking number finally happened. i'm hopeful for the best but prepared for the worst.
@paul: hasn't been a year...that's the only thing i can dispute with what you just posted.
anyone on the east coast receive their jacket yet??
you know what baubax? send my fucking jacket or give me a full refund. it's been almost a year and i've had it with this nonsense.  tired of canned responses or no response whatsoever.
#they must do something without affecting the initial uber driver signup numbers.
hi kaiserkai, all good points you make but if uber drivers misbehave in a way that people stop using uber then they must do something without losing initial uber driver signip. my specific solution was : - creator says shipping will commence on x date to a region - on x date, creator is required by kickstarter rules to tick a box saying they've started shipping or one saying they haven't. - if they haven't, they are are required by kickstarter rules to immediately issue an update on that date to address this and propose a new date (and so this process repeats) i will never back another kickstarter and i have seen many people post the same thing.  lack of intelligent systems to ensure adequate reporting will lose kickstarter revenues.
alex, while that sounds good in theory, it will never ever happen. no way kickstarter will implement something like this, it takes away their bread and butter. ks has the same plausible deniability as uber uses when their drivers are misbehaving. the argument being that they are just a platform provider and the ultimate responsibility lies with the driver / project creator. this case here with our friends from baubax is very peculiar one. they are "technically" not non-compliant. they are posting updates, and they are delivering to backers. these facts are undisputed. as we can see in the comments here, there are backers who have no problem with this campaign just as there are backers who are up in arms. i find baubax to have shown absolutely despicable contempt for the very people that made their dream possible.  pretty much everything they did on the pr front is a disaster, the updates have proven wrong in almost all cases, all deadlines are missed, backer comments are deleted from social media, arrogant responses to valid backer concerns, sales for less money on 3rd party sites.  i have never seen such an unmitigated pr disaster. i will draw my conclusions from my observations, other backers will do the same. i am sure i will never be a baubax customer again, and am trying to get refunded. as per ks, i will also take a very close look if i will use this platform again.
@owen, that's how i originally imagined it would work with baubax.  i thought we'd go on a journey together. and we have. we've gone on a journey of obfuscated deadlines.
@jack: the little trucker that i backed has been delayed due to issues with the manufacturing. the creator wants to produce it within america, and it's proven difficult for him to find an honest, and reliable, american manufacturer. he has been forward with the information, and even mentioned there will be some design changes. nothing drastic like changing a material without knowledge(though materials did get changed), but he at least is keeping us informed, and asked us about the material changes before implementing it.
@owen, that's a good point. actually znaps asked if we wanted to wait for them to retool after getting feedback from the beta testers or ship out the the product immediately. the majority voted to retool so we understood where the delay was coming from, and they asked backers for their opinions and showed the results. even though znaps is delayed at least their communication is better and i don't feel like backers are a second though. @susan, your reply is great! i hope they do get back to you with a more thoughtful response. i feel like their current method of handling creators works very well when you only have a handful of creators and not dealing with millions of dollars of funding in a single project, unfortunately as projects and popularity grows, it makes a lot more sense to put in more guidelines, terms and enforce them as well. kickstarter backers are what make this platform possible, if they don't put some effort in protecting and making sure that kickstarter backers are getting what they've been promised.
my two bombers arrived on monday following a brief hold due to customs charges, (which is fair enough). shipping took about 10 days to the uk from the date that the dispatch email came through, (4 days of that was for the customs inspection). overall i'm very satisfied with the quality. jackets are light, warm, comfortable and do everything advertised. i'd say the level of communication from baubax has been fine, (i've encountered far worse on kickstarter). no complaints here.
anyone know how to receive the tracking number, through email or what else
i repeat, they could very easily require update and non-compliance and non-refreshing of deadlines would be an act of default. if i'm baubax, do i post a 5 minute update (which moves to weekly a certain period after the shipping estimate) or do i run a campaign that has this project is in breach of kickstarter rules written all over it, which will clearly hurt my reputation. they'll post an update. it's a system that will work and the best part kickstarter doesnt need to incur costs as it will be automated and kickstarter won't lose any business (actually they will gain as communication and trust in ks projects will improve).
hello backers! is there anyone in melbourne who would like to trade their women's black bomber size m for size s? it's a tad small for me. :( pm me if you're interested!
got a canned response from my message to kickstarter today.    on mar 23, 2016, at 9:59 am, kickstarter wrote: kickstarter support (kickstarter) mar 23, 9:59 am hi susan, here at kickstarter, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if they’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. while kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. we do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. while in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. when you back a project on kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our terms of use. these terms outline the responsibilities of backers and creators. this information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. we hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. i hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please don’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. best, maren here is my reply to them.     "thank you for the prompt, yet canned response. having backed 53 kickstarter projects in 8 categories, i am aware of your function in facilitating the startup of new enterprises. my main concern moving forward is that kickstarter does not seem concerned at all with the way the baubax campaign (i get it- it's not your business) has been handled. thousands and thousands of kickstarter backers (like myself) are reconsidering whether it will be worth it to use the kickstarter platform. as the platform, kickstarter does bear fiduciary responsibility to set and enforce  the rules for how campaigns run. a significant portion of backers commenting on the baubax page express concern (myself included) that kickstarter review how this campaign has been conducted and adjust your platform rules to avoid such a disaster moving forward. for instance, retailers such as touch of modern should not be able to place orders for 1000+ pieces in a grass roots effort/platform for startups. changes in materials to products (for instance- fabrics) should be communicated clearly to backers well before the end of the campaign. better define what it means to stay in touch with backers about problems and setbacks. there is not a single kicksterter/baubax supporter that will tell you they are satisfied with the way communication was handled. again- i understand clearly that kickstarter bears no personal responsibility for the way the baubax campaign has been handled. i will be looking for improvements to kickstarter regulations before i give my support to another venture on your site. i would appreciate a non canned response from you- even if it's not an answer i want to hear. i've had my fill of 'form emails'. thank you for your time and i hope to be able to continue to support kickstarter projects in the future. i would like to hear other backers thoughts.
@jack: shipping to backers first, unless it is majority agreed between backers and creators that they can sell to retail at the same time. there was one company that asked the backers opinion, and the majority(i mean 95%+) said they didn't mind since the backers got a discount on it, and the others weren't getting one.
i honestly think that between this and a few other kickstarters, maybe it would be a good idea for kickstarter to take a look at the process. there should definitely be rules in place for companies to fully ship to their backers first as well as some sort of auditing to check and make sure that these projects are feasible within their given timeline. also, suggested updates with guidelines on how to provide certain updates is probably a good idea too. i mean there's only so much kickstarter can do to make sure companies deliver but something is better than nothing.
tomorrow it will be 2 weeks since they would start dealing with returns. they said 2-3 weeks. what's the bet that timeline will be doubled, based on the 479 previous missed deadlines and they'll try and obfuscate on the matter?
woo! nothing still here in canada, is it bad i'm optimistic about the fact that when i get it, it will be crap quality(ordered a blazer, and my assumption is based on the comments by people who received one)?
yes @bruce, i think you will get a jacket but i fear it will not be good quality.  the bomber and sweatshirt seem to be better than the windbreaker and blazer. i also think there is huge pressure building on baubax (and they have something to be arrogant about with the east coast orders going out) that we will see another update very imminently and probably in the last hour of the working day before easter so they can go home and wash their hands of this,
@ alex - i ordered a windbreaker for me, but i went up a size to allow for wearing a sweater underneath in colder weather. based on comments posted yesterday about the windbreaker, i'm not confident that i will get a good quality jacket - if i ever get a jacket.
@bruce, yes it definitely falls down whether i like it or not, so given that it doesnt block out any light it offers nothing of benefit to me and actually causes a problem.  my guess is that it depends on the size of your head and for other people it might cover up too much of their face.  i agree on your point on the cut and quality. my guess is that unless you are doing this professionally, it is very hard to ensure standardisation. another view i have is that having a campaign with unlimited backer numbers should only be allowed for 2nd time kickstarter creators. as in all aspects of life, you can't beat experience...
@ alex - baubax said they had four factories making jackets. it appears that the bomber was the most popular jacket by far. so, if multiple plants were making them, it would be easy for two "identical" bombers to be cut differently. actually, this could occur in the same plant with different workers. it's clear from the other problems identified by backers that quality control was not as good as it needed to be.
@ alex - while a number of people have reported that their jackets fit well, we are seeing a number of people, such as yourself, whose jackets don't seem to match what they ordered. as for the mask, most people report that it falls down when the hood is up (no way to secure it). as far as i recall, you are the first to actually evaluate the mask for its intended purpose - to block out light.
and it's an m on the label
hi @bruce, in fairness, i got the proper notice and i am certainly not castigating baubax for the need to pay import duties as i knew that all along. workmanship ie stitching is good. it's a medium and i measured myself carefully so wasn't expecting to have a size problem. maybe my head is too big but with the hood on, the eye mask comes down in a way that it obscures the top half of my vision (so i would walk into things) but still lets massive amounts of lights in (so i can't sleep). the biggest gripe is with the colour. maybe it's just me but i wasn't expecting to be sent a purple coat when i paid for a blue one.
backer number 7,427. did anyone in canada actually receive a jacket? i have ordered 2 bombers and 2 blazers for myself and my friend. haven't heard from anyone in canada receiving it
im in 11k backers, one jacket, possibly west coast (wtf is colorado to you?) and no word. i see multi jackets are getting theirs which was stated to be after single orders and west coast. this is going from exciting to sad. it is a blizzard outside, and i wouldve loved to sport this today.
@ alex jarman - i see from the post below that you got your jacket. when did you get it? did you get any notice before the jacket? you said it was too small. is the label inside marked for the size you ordered (s, m, l)? i'm curious about the eye mask. is the hood too small so that the mask does not come all the way forward?
still no word here in al, coming up on a half year in a month or so....
do not order this jacket! it is starting to feel much like a scam as it has been over 7 month since they closed the campaign, and 5 months past their promised shipping date, and there is still no sign of the jacket that i ordered. i live in asia, there was an update that all shipments would go out by mar 12, and still no sign of the jacket. the wait is just getting ridiculous. especially when they are selling on other platforms rather than fulfilling the orders from backers who actually got this project happening. complete utter disappointment. do not waster your money.
received my sweatshirt and blazer today, sweat shirt was pretty much what i was expecting but the neck pillow is a bit cumbersome when it's in the hood (which i think is a bit disappointing). the sweatshirt fit well (medium) but the blazer was a bit baggier than i prefer my suit blazers to be. i hope the exchange system is up and running soon, but knowing baubax this may be a bit difficult to ask. anyone out there want to exchange a small black mens blazer for a medium one? :)
has anyone on the east coast (us) gotten their jackets yet? i'm backer #35, if that matters...though from a quick glance through comments, it doesn't look like it makes a difference.
just received the jackets- wind breaker, bomber, sweat shirt. good quality. worth the wait. it's frustrating with the lack of communication but baubax did not compromise on the quality.
also paid a £30 customs charge but that was expected £8 of that was from parcel force handling fees
received mine today, fits well a bit small but it's great. colour is good, very happy, people are complaining about the gloves but they work well with the combined built in ones. very happy, haven't gotten to wear it properly yet
for all sg backers, we have a fb group for exchange of sizes and discussion. here's the link: https://www.facebook.com/groups/783956771737069/. i too have not received any news for my 4 jackets. super pissed.
still nothing here either.. -_-
quite frankly, the jacket had better be the best damn thing i have ever seen. this is the worst run campaign i have ever experienced. norcal below in the comments, you give me hope- i'm out here too.. but i am more than prepared to be disappointed by this stupid thing. i can't wait for people to ask about my mysterious jacket so i can tell them what a s-show  this company is.
even by baubax's standards, it defies belief that there are backers in hong kong itself (where the jackets have been ready for over two months) who have not received shipping notification. what a joke.
no tracking info. till now (from singapore) utterly disappointed.
i had to pay £30 too @glenn and it has come up too small. i think the workmanship is good but find the design of the bomber ugly and and at the end of the day it just feels like an overpriced jacket with lots of pockets. the shade of blue is much closer to purple than in the photos. and the pillow is too cumbersome to wear and the eye mask doesn't cover my eyes.
haven't received mine to uk yet as had to pay a whopping £30.24 customs fee which is a significant proportion of the original jacket cost. i hope it's good and fits (unlike what many others seem to be saying here).
melbourne, australia.  recieved the shipment today. blazer is a bit small though and can already guess that the gloves won't fit.
norcal here, fedex tracking indicates i'll be getting my jacket by at least the end of the day  tomorrow! hopefully they're not ill fitting. as it seems it's either hot or miss according  to some of the comments here .
it's morally bankrupt. at this rate, they will soon be the other kind of bankrupt.
in the sf bay area. nothing from baubax yet. but i got my ill fitting blazer from touch of modern, returned it, and got my credit a week ago. i really love pledging to help get a product developed only to buy and receive it weeks (or more) earlier from a discount retail site. what an utter bs non-ethical way to do business.
to all singapore backers:  i am going to sell my blue bomber jacket, size l (received yesterday) at a very reasonable low price. kindly contact me at my email address: k7nsi4jueceb@meltmail.com. during the long waiting time (courtesy of baubax) i had to purchase another jacket in the meantime and have therefore no need anymore for a second jacket.
today, without previous notice i got my two jackets. thank you baubax for being so stupid to make me pay 82 euros of custom fees.  jackets are ok, but not worth the price i paid. moreover the custom glove features is terrible and i am going to remove it as soon as possible. overall an atrocious work, huge delay, no communication, inability to manage the delivery, poor design choice. i strongly advice you guys to find a more suitable job for your attitudes.
jacket arrived in the uk. i'm actually pleasantly surprised by the quality and overall very happy with it.
11 days past the promised delivery fulfilment date, and i've still not received any tracking info or any form of communication. i've been nice and patient but this is quite overboard isn't it?
@crow feather, lucky you! i am in canberra too, but still have not received any tracking info.!!! such a lousy and shitty company
tracking number received 2 days ago, order was for one male bomber and one female, in canberra australia. keen to finally see if these are worth the wait. do people still want pick when they arrive?
@ray order no. is of no consequence. i have seen orders as big as 30xxx being fulfilled. it is more about your location + the amount of jackets you ordered and + your luck (your queue in the picking list)
backer #3638 in vancouver, bc. no tracking number, no sign of any delivery coming anytime soon. this is ridiculous. i'm a relatively early backer and sounds like other late backers are getting their orders before me.
@sharon my only advice is, have patience. i know the "no light at the end of the tunnel" feeling.  my order no. is 9318 (of no consequence), and when i see order no. a lot larger than me getting fulfilled, i was like.. wtf. but totally, "see open" liao since early march. just give it some time. i wasn't exactly waiting for anything updates anymore, and pleasantly saw the tracking no. a few days ago.  your turn will come, but i agree. the wait and the logistic arrangement was quite a nightmare, not only for baubax but also for backers like us. the project is too much for them to handle, and they were ambitious to offer it on more than 1 platform. (and also following up on retail sites for more orders are not helping) nonetheless, stay patient.. try to forget it for a while. your jackets will come, when they come. cheers!
i remembered clearly that baubax promised that they will fulfill backers orders before indiegogo orders and others as we are the backers that made it happened... now??!?! i  heard from the posts saying baubax are selling in retail markets before fulfill all backers' orders?!?!?! luckily l never order more when they were promoting a stupid offer to us at a discounted rate for christmas!!! till now no where to be seen nor hear yet... been waited since order and payments been made on july 2015 till now... i hope l will get mine soon. no jackets (1 bomber and 1 windbreaker) to be seen nor tracking numbers. horrible... i will never support this shitty baubax company ever again. seriously thinking about calling up my credit card company to dispute on the charges for this shit. @bk lau this is getting so long. hopefully l will get my tracking number soon. @conrad jessica thank you. will try to wait a little longer. although l was one of the early backers. @randall thanks for sharing the fb link on the singaporean backers only. will check it out once l received my jackets (not even tracking number to be seen). @susan well said!
singapore here. have not heard anything on my orders. my friends have gotten theirs about 3 weeks ago but i'm still waiting.
no word on the status of my jacket either.   maybe north idaho is last to receive theirs.
no word on the status of my jacket either.   maybe north idaho is last to receive theirs.
received yesterday in melbourne, australia! jacket and bomber fit well but run towards small in terms of fit, fits snugly over summer clothes but i imagine i won't be able to wear much in terms of jumpers underneath. i can do photos if anyone wants to see how it fits over the easter long weekend
received today on california! gloves were the next size down from the jackets, so a little small.
@all, has anyone from the east coast of the us seen or heard of any shipments or deliveries?
singapore here, got mine (bombers) on monday, hope you get yours soon. comfy, just a little heavy.
seeing posts from others in seattle area receiving their jackets but i haven't even received my tracking #!
from malaysia, i guess i kinda agree with the comments that the deliveries are handled randomly. ordered 2 bombers (m and f) finally received my tracking. was rather worried at one point. just chill and wait (i know how you feeel :) ) and eventually they will get to it.
@bruce - thanks, that means a lot! i've been waiting on my first ks ever (a videogame) for over two years and am content to keep waiting. but i recognize that this project is a very different animal, especially with many people buying gifts. unfortunately, the way this platform is organized there is very little way for people to get their concerns addressed or any legal recourse unless the creator decides to be involved. i think baubax has made a calculated decision to focus on future retail channels, ignore ks and igg complaints and hope all of this blows over once all the jackets are delivered. i don't know if that will work out for them, word of mouth is strong. there was a failed rechargable handbag project a few months back that was giving refunds, which i think is a rarity on kickstarter. they didn't get a single bag out though, whereas jackets are trickling out here.
got my blazer and bomber today, here in seattle. over all i like them. i also will be taking out the pillow (and probably hoody) until i travel with it because of bulk. i also agree that they are a tad small, but not a deal breaker. also agree with those who mention that there should be at a one pager to describe features of final product. i understand those who complain about the gloves being extra short, but i think what baubax was thinking was that the gloves would be used together with the jackets' thumb sleeves. over all good construction, a few threads i had to cut. a little concerned that because of the small size that some buttons will be lost. the biggest complaint by far is just the horrid communication that has happened during this campaign, delays are expected, but if baubax had actual vc, they would be communicating with them nearly every day, every week would of be quite appreciated for ks.
@ olga kogan - i believe you have presented the appropriate and necessary disclaimers. you certainly do a better job than most of the "lawyers" i see advertising on the local tv channels. you were simply trying to bring some common sense and objectivity to an emotional issue.
@ mel chin - re: your comment about 3 hours ago about your co-worker getting multiple jackets at your work location - while your jacket still has not arrived at the same address. this confirms what i said yesterday. there is no logic or order to the shipping methods. it is totally random. and it certainly is not like what baubax said it would be - single jacket orders first and then multiple jacket orders - and by specific deadlines. this is just one more example of how inexperience running a business is costly in too many ways.  forgive me for repeating this but - no matter how great your idea may be, if you cannot plan and execute all aspects of the business, then you not only will fail, you deserve to fail. i suspect we will all eventually get our jackets, but it is clear not everyone is happy with what they got (although many are). technically, the fact that we got (or will get - maybe) our "rewards" qualifies as meeting the expectations of the project. but the long term goal of hiral and baubax to start an ongoing business will fail. baubax simply does not have the skills, experience and leadership to succeed. once baubax sells what jackets they had made beyond the backer rewards, it will be over. check touch of modern in three months and see if they are still selling baubax jackets. let's just hope they have enough extras to handle the many exchanges they will need to make because the manufactures and shippers did not do their jobs correctly. i am still not convinced everyone will be able to exchange their jackets.
still nothing in singapore and i need it quickly so i can complete my hiral sanghavi effigy to celebrate the first anniversary of this madness.
@kat - btw thanks for recognizing that i could get in serious ethical trouble if there was the appearance that i was giving legal advice to a 45,000 people on the internet. the trouble is if you appear to be giving legal advice, and people rely on it to their detriment, you can lose your license and get sued. so, no one rely on anything i say! do your own research or consult your own attorneys. my opinion only. :)
@kat - against indiegogo? it's hard to say who's removing the comments. is it baubax or indiegogo? i don't know what the cause of action would be... unjust enrichment maybe? that's a hard one, depends on the state, too.
los angeles here, still nothing! credit card dispute is next on my agenda after so many false promises.
alex,  i strongly suspect it is endemic across all indiegogo campaigns.  now, in order to test that theory i have to find even more campaigns to back in order to have access to the comments section of said campaigns and i'm not sure i'm feeling much like backing more projects right now. i actually was referring to indiegogo for a lawsuit.  baubax is bad.  indiegogo is worse.
@kat i agree with most of your posts but i just don't see any lawsuit being successful against baubax if everyone gets their jacket everything they have done is at the fringe of what is ok but i suspect the law is more tolerant towards crowdfunded projects and so much is covered off in the ts and cs. i think there may be more merit in what you say about indiegogo but it would have to be happening at scale and i guess you don't know about that. by all means go undercover and see if it is endemic practice across all their campaigns. if it is, you may have uncovered something significant.
backer #39705 , got 2 jackets, still no shipment notices..
m.a.  indiegogo sells approximately $25,000 worth of jackets each day.  why, when their are so many unhappy backers there?  indiegogo hides backer comments which express negativity in the comments section.  in my case, i've had 17 comments hidden from public view.  i can still see them so it would appear to me that i have a voice.  but i don't. no one else can see those 17 hidden comments. i used to wonder why the indiegogo backers seemed so much quieter than over here.  now we know. so, on one hand indiegogo tells people they are responsible for researching a campaign and doing due diligence before backing, and with the other hand they are hiding critical comments from view preventing people from being fully informed. that is one way baubax continues to bring in cash from honest to goodness dupes, though they are dupes by no fault of their own. olga, i'm thinking, just thinking, that practice looks similar to a class action suit begging to be born. i hope there's a personal opinion, but definitely not legal advice, you might have.  ;-)
so i'm in portsmouth, new hampshire (east coast) and still as shipping details or word on anything. i'm tired of the empty promises. where is my jacket?
@violet that seems like a possibility. from rakuten super logistic's linkedin page: fulfillment centers are strategically located in the heart of densely populated regions of the united states, and aligned with major carriers’ shipping hubs in new york, scranton, pa, atlanta, austin, las vegas and reno, nv. these locations correspond to the known shipping centers that the lucky few have received shipments from in north america.
i guess baubax has dug a grave so deep for themselves that even the baubax sympathisers cant cover it up for them or defend them anymore. it will be unfortunate of baubax succeeds in getting away with this and future buyers being unaware of their terrible work and customer-treatment ethic.
dc metro area, east coast usa......still nothing.  :-(
thanks to my business i get text alerts whenever usps, ups or fedex is shipping a package to my address. just got one from fedex with a package coming from henderson, nv. i really hope it's my jackets.
i just got an email about a ups package coming from "rakutn super logistics." could this possibly be my shipping email? i've received nothing from baubax but i'm really not surprised. has anyone else got a notification they're getting a shipment from this company?
melbourne, victoria here and i have not received the tracking email or my jackets :'(
backer 8,821 here in sydney australia. i received my bomber, blazer and brother's windbreaker yesterday. quality seems as expected & they all fit. some of the stitching seems a little shoddy, already fraying on my second day wear. will update when i have used them for a longer period.
@rolts ok, thanks. i hope this works out for people who are hanging in there, i just 'can't even' anymore, so, due to baubax's behavior, i'm left to pursue the only route available to me at this point.
at this point i have filed a complaint with the bbb and contacted my credit card company to dispute charges.  i emailed baubax back after the 5th email that was scripted to reiterate that they are shipping.  i'm extremely frustrated that they claim they can't track our orders.  if that's the case, how do they know if they've fulfilled them all.  >.<
@mel chen, and anyone else looking for recourse, there's a fb page where ks and indiegogo backers are sharing their experiences: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@ jess thetip: re tall sizing, there was some speculation that there had been limited demand for tall sizing so that the 'retail' offerings were not including this, but it was likely runs had been produced to fulfil backer orders. this was just speculation from another backer, nothing official. i'm sorry i don't recall who posted that as it is buried way back when deliveries were first being discussed.
i'll be very disappointed if they don't do the tall sizing. i just checked my survey and i do have tall sizes selected.
@rolts i reaaaaaaaly don't care that much about the bottle opener, as i have one on my keyring and airport security has never asked for either of the two kinds i have carried on my keyring to be removed. i'm very curious about the tall sizing tho, any info on that?
and the joke continues.  early backer here....two bombers, ny, and no shipment indication whatsoever.  i'm done.  thankfully, my credit card will allow me to charge back the purchase since it was never received by me.
@jess thetip: the bottle opener idea was dropped before the campaign closed due to backer feedback. backers were concerned that the bottle openers would be confiscated at security checks in airports. i think this all happened in update 5 or 6.
this is complete bs!!! my coworker (who backed the project a month after me and ordered multiple jackets) just received her order - and we share the same shipping address, our office in san francisco! what is wrong with this company?? they also still cannot answer my question of how they're prioritizing the shipments, apparently it's at random because none of this makes any sense. and they responded to my multiple emails with canned answers and said they were sure i would receive my jacket in the next couple of days, well it's been over a week now! what recourse do we have? i can't believe that all we can do is commiserate in this unmoderated comment section. argh!
any notice on the 5 packs being shipped/delivered in the us? i remember reading a comment where a 6 pack was shipped overseas.
comment on facebook in response to backer post in the last 10 mins "we are shipping out of both our east and west coast facilities" love how they delay, delay, delay, ignore, ignore, obfuscate, obfuscate and then casually act like they've been on track all along.
has anyone who ordered a 'tall' sized non-blazer jacket received the standard size instead? for example, you ordered mt but received m instead? a commenter below has me concerned. especially since tall sizes are not an option on their site and i verified i chose tall for all my sizes in my survey.
good post, susan.
still haven't received a tracking number (or jacket, obviously!)    not happy to hear that they're being sold retail, before kickstarter orders are fulfilled.     what's the story??    is it possible to cancel order at this point??
got the most recent canned email response from baubax through the bbb today. i rejected their response. (also got a generic and not helpful reply from kickstarter.) here is my reply to both. "i believe baubax is not in full compliance with kickstarter rules and regulations. they are not communicating clearly or regularly with their backers, and (by their own admission in their response to the bbb) have been selling to third party backers before kickstarter backers received their rewards, contrary to the agreement made with backers. there is reason to believe they uploaded a video which was edited and misrepresented the functionality of a portion of the travel jacket- specifically the "built in pillow". they misrepresented the type/quality of fabric used in the sweatshirt style jacket and buried this information in a shipping information update and well after the end of the campaign. the size charts v actual product are significantly different for a large percentage of kickstarter and retail outlet backers/customers,  as evidenced by the comments section of the baubax-kickstarter comments page. i have backed 53 kickstarter campaigns. fewer than 6 of those rewards were shipped on time, but every other business managed to stay in contact with backers and provide real information explaining delays. it's kickstarter- i don't expect my reward to get to me on time. what i do expect is transparency and accountability; (as pointed out by another kickstarter backer) baubax selected their manufacturers who put together the product. they are not shy to take credit for the reviews of good quality of the jackets when they post a favorable review for themselves. baubax also selected their shippers, yet they don't own the delays.  they delete and hide negative comments by backers on both facebook and indiegogo.  all backers get are canned responses about how the shipping problems aren't their fault. that is just poor form. in addition to my bbb and wa. state attorney general complaints, i have disputed the charge with my credit card company. i'm not asking for a refund because i haven't gotten my jackets. baubax broke its contract with backers in regards to quality of materials and functionality of the jackets; and by abandoning/or significant delay in shipping to the very people who put them in business in favor of filling retail orders. there are many other posts on the comment section of the baubax kickstarter page that outline the multitude of ways the contract was broken.  baubax does not get my support or my money for their lack of integrity."
today i emailed them and told them i had filed a report with the bbb as well as a dispute with my credit card company based on the fact that they are still advertising the sweatshirts to be 100% cotton when in fact they are not. within the hour i received a shipping notification from them directly (supprt@baubax.com). i am backer number 28,255 and live in alaska.
finally got my bomber jacket yesterday. however i never received a tracking number for it. overall quality looks good but won't be using it until next winter.
i'm aghast that a company would offer items on the retail market without first fulfilling the backing agreements made on kickstarter!!!.  shipping was supposed to occur several times over, several weeks ago... i think as a whole, backers are tired of hearing the excuses of why we haven't received the item that we were promised.  this is classic "bite the hand that feeds you" mentality and is a very poor business practice.  i've waited patiently for my jacket to arrive and had given the company the benefit of the doubt given the overwhelming popularity of the items and the logistical issues they've run into.... but when i find out that the item i've already paid for and have been waiting for is being sold retail before i receive mine.... that's low handed and just terrible customer service and shows a real, genuine lack of loyalty and service.  boo hiss baubax!  i just want to receive my jacket, get off the excuse train already and give me a status on my order that's bound for oregon.  we backers are your seed money, and because we helped you with your success, we should receive our benefit before you start selling retail.  shame on baubax's unscrupulous business practices! shame shame shame selling an item on the retail market before fulfilling your obligations to backers is just wrong!
i have gone on 5 trips since november...sigh still waiting in nj
in northern virginia and still waiting.... i guess will have to wait for next winter to folly utilize the jacket :-(
just got my shipment notification today. i live in florida.
@susan, an interesting perspective, thanks earlier i came up with that simple solution for kickstarter which would have stopped baubax from being so misinformative: - creator says shipping will commence on x date to a region - on x date, creator is required by kickstarter rules to tick a box saying they've started shipping or one saying they haven't. - if they haven't, they are are required by kickstarter rules to immediately issue an update on that date to address this and propose a new date (and so this process repeats) no update i.e. non-compliance equals an act of default and the campaign turns red with in default plastered all over it. would be an embarrassing deterrant. and any changes more materials for wearable items need to be clearly stated before the campaign end, as you say (or if after, the option is given to exchange to another product).
where the hell is my bomber jacket ??? no tracking number and no jacket !! this is ridiculous !!!! anyone else in ga with the same issue ???
i think baubax only made tall sizes for the blazer, and we were told all jackets would be available in a tall, of course they also said the pen would be a stylus and a bottle opener. back to my first point though, if you look at the sizing chart on the baubax web site and the sizing chart here on ks, the baubax site doesn't offer t on anything but the blazer. i know i ordered an xlt for one of my jackets,as it's a gift for a very tall person in my life. the shipping bill they have sent me for this says xl. i'll of course be returning it, and i'll be getting a refund, as i'm disputing this through my card company. just a heads up for those of you expecting tall sizes in anything but the blazer.
got my bomber and blazer today (in texas). love them both! :)
received my jacket today, everything as expected, was worth the wait. :)
carli dean- i'm also in co and got my notification yesterday. tracking number currently does not work. i think you'll get yours soon- hopefully the tracking number will work in the next day or so and the shipment will arrive soon.
@shibu - same problem here. i got the tracking number yesterday and fedex still doesn't have the number in their system.
shibu - give it a day.  sometimes newly generated numbers won't work in the tracking system for up to 24 hours.  i've had this happen a lot.  i'll get notified of tracking number but the item didn't actually go out the door yet, they just made the shipping label. the next day it works.
sent me a tracking number that is basically useless. fedex does not recognize the number. no response from baubax despite requests. i understand they are in a hole (self-created, may i add) and willing to give them benefit of the doubt but you don't improve customer relationships by being tone-deaf to people's queries.
received my bomber jacket in australia yesterday. got my tracking number via email last week and could track the shipment from when it left hong kong. so far i'm happy with it, but will put it to the test when i travel in a few months.
i have backed 53 ks campaigns. only a couple of rewards were shipped on time, but every other business managed to stay in contact and provide consistent information explaining delays. it's ks- i don't expect my reward to get to me on time. what i do expect is transparency and accountability. i like the point another backer made- baubax selected their manufacturers who put together the product. they are not shy to take credit for the good quality of the jackets when they post a favorable review. baubax also selected their shippers, yet they don't own the delays. all we get are canned responses about how the shipping problems aren't theirs. that is just poor form. in addition to my bbb and ag reports, i have contacted my credit card company to dispute the charge. not because i haven't gotten the jackets i ordered, but because baubax broke it's contract with backers. there are many other posts that outline the multitude of ways the contract was broken. i won't reward them with my support for their lack of integrity. i have to say that i am now shy to back another product based campaign, although i have not yet contacted ks with a coherent idea of how the ks rules need to shift based on this experience. for sure, businesses need to fulfill ks backer orders before retail orders are filled- retailers should not be allowed to purchase 1000 jackets for tom in the same campaign as individuals. changes to materials for wearable items need to be clearly stated before the project ends. would like to hear thoughts from others.
@marc, sorry to hear that. although they've screwed up to your order, according to their insane policy, you should wait a few weeks before inconveniencing them with the problem they caused.
@kat @alex or that's where a certain entity got their batch from (based off the info provided in the fb group) it would also explain why no one ever piped up about receiving their jacket(s)
answering a question from below  i'm canadian. order placed aug 15th.  no product yet.
@ marc harris - i'm sorry you got not only the wrong type of jacket, but one that is not well designed or made. i'm also sorry for me because the windbreaker is what i hope to eventually receive.
you're right alex!  or that could have been a dirty rotten lie told by lying liars with fiery pants and a fistful of benjamins.
@kat, how can you forget about the 1,000 they sent to december in a trial run that mysteriously led to no to a single backer claiming receipt. probably each of those 1,000 backers all simultaneously contracted a strange virus that left them unable to type.
got my shipping notice today. i'm in portland, or. will update once received.
derek, sadly, yes.  two backers here posted ages ago that they got their orders from the touch of modern sale and we're still waiting to hear something, anything, about the ones they pledged for here.  baubax shipped to buyers from that sale before they ever shipped a single jacket to backers.
i'm still waiting for my jacket in colorado...i have not received an email with regards to a shipment date or anything.
i ordered a bomber and received a windbreaker.  when i contacted them they were no help.  the jacket fits poorly, has shallow pockets and is basically useless.  very unhappy customer
austin, texas. i just heard from my wife that i got a box from baubax waiting for me. i never received an email so this is total surprise. too bad i just returned from the trip where i wanted to wear the jacket.
@rolts yeah i knew you could do all that. like i said it is highly unlikely for that to happen but that's how poorly their feedback has been. thank you for your feedback though. it's a little sad that the backers are more helpful than the people running this campaign. they should hire one of you to be their pr person just to keep the peace and ease minds lol. with all that said, most of the time i back a kickstarter (backed about 10) i tend to just forget about it until it shows up at my door or sends me tracking info. but most of the projects i have backed have all done a great job of letting us know what is happening or set up other blogs you can follow if you choose to. not once have i backed a project that has gone up for sale on other sites before finishing their campaign. i guess that is what bothers me the most. has anyone tried buying a jacket from the other sites to see if they arrived first?actually that's a question i'm not sure i would like answered....
finally tracking code on 21 march. it still in transit (hk) till now. indonesia - 2 bomber.
wow, the so the east coast is finally shipping! i'm in toronto and waiting on 2 bombers. will update when i get the tracking info and an actual review when it arrives.
there will not be any apology. after all it is our fault to live in a place where they couldn't deliver to earlier. the nerve some backers have criticizing baubax. they have done nothing wrong, and we all love their jackets.
@alex: will the apology be to the canadian backers, who have yet to receive anything from either the east or west distribution points?
oh, and i'm backer 40,544, will have a trip in next 3 weeks, very disappointed
hi! is it the shipment already start to shipping to singapore? because i pludge a blanket and i haven't receive yet
westminster, california, 1 bomber, no tracking, nothing...
east coast is shipping!!! right, that means we'll now get an update from baubax in the next 24 hours so they can show off about this, with a buried apology and an enticement to buy more jackets.
@susan it is not 100% cotton. if that was the main reason why you backed for the sweatshirt, you can try demanding a refund because of change of material with virtually zero notice to backers. i believe it worked for someone way way back.
just got an email that my single windbreaker order is shipping to me in maryland via ups. east coast progress.
just a status update. i'm east coast(michigan), just received e-mail with tracking info today. it's a single windbreaker. so it seems that the east coast is finally starting to ship....
can someone who has received their sweatshirt tell me if they are 100% cotton as they advertised on the ks campaign? i saw a post somewhere that suggested the material is actually a polycotton blend?
reporter from chicago tribune who wrote about delays in december:  aelahi@chicagotribune.com just discovered: kickscammed.com and, of course, https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
my blazer just arrived today after being stuck in customs for almost 3 weeks. glad it has got here though, i have actually run out of things for the number of pockets. currently looking in my bag to see what else i can carry. the blazer is really nice. not sure about the gloves but they will do for the plane. its a really comfortable fit, looks good and i'm glad i backed it. will probably give an update after i get a flight this week and see how it handles being out in the field
@alex jarman, true, true. it, at least, gives me a very, very slim glimmer of hope that i will receive a satisfactory (full, timely refund) completion to my requests.
@larry, it's a sad state of affairs when you express pleasant surprise at a scripted email that doesnt adress your particular concern.
@kathy i'm as frustrated as you are. baubax are imo treating their core customer base like dirt.
i am located in the san francisco bay area and received my sweatshirt last week. i love it! it's so comfortable and useful. i hope everyone else receives their jackets soon!
update on lack of communication. after seeing a post on the fb page: "https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/1589493964700569/…" by joseph brassard indicating that he had sent daily emails and a certified letter to baubax he had finally received a response to his request to receive a refund. quote from his post: "after daily emails demanding a refund for a week, and sending a certified letter also demanding a refund, they finally made an offer to refund my $179 via paypal. i'm worried it will be listed as a "goods/business" expense and paypal will take 3% off the top. but, at least, it shows that persistence *might* pay off if you scream loudly enough. it's amazing it takes these lengths to get it done." i almost fell out of my chair. i have been sending emails (8) to baubax and kickstarter with no response forthcoming. frustrated only begins to describe my feelings. i have executed all my email requests through the link on ks for my pledge. joseph provided an email for the ceo (hiral@baubax.com) as well as the support@baubax.com. i quickly composed another request to baubax. only this time i sent it from my email program addressed to both emails. shock of shocks i received the following response: "hello, thank you for writing to baubax. your request (17583) has been received and is being reviewed by our support staff. we are currently experiencing high email volume, but rest assure our team is working hard to get back to you as soon as possible. if you are writing to us for exchange of the size of the jacket received, we will get back to you with the next steps within a couple of weeks. please do not use the products and keep them stored in the shipping box. please make sure the hang-tag on the jacket is not removed and the items are placed in the original polybag, otherwise, we will not be able to exchange the items.​ if you have package delivery related issues, please contact the carrier directly to update your contact information and reschedule your package delivery. our support team will respond to your email as soon as possible. to add additional comments, reply to this email. wishing you a great day ahead! team baubax" now admittedly this is a canned response. but, it is my first actual response. i will continue to email at least daily and i am sending a certified letter out today. i can only hope that i will share the initial success that joseph has had. follow-ups forthcoming.
i'm from singapore, still have not get any updates or tracking number whatsoever. i'm really really disappointed. i'm going for a long flight next week, really would want my bomber for my trip however i doubt i'm getting mine anytime soon.
alex jarman, thanks, you are correct on every point you made.
thank you andrew conrad
i'm backer 3,543 from singapore and i pledged for a black bomber in xs with a blanket. i received the tracking number on 11 march and it arrived on 22 march. i love the bomber, it is fashionable and it fits true to size, though it is not as fitted as i would like it to be, and it is kind of a bummer that the neck pillow is not built-in as advertised, it is merely stashed away in a secret compartment in the hood. the material used is of superb quality though. overall i am happy with the product, but i do agree that their communication requires serious improvement.
@bruce, baubax's preference is of course to bury bad news, rather than to admit to it.
@bruce: i actually haven't gotten shipping notice, don't think any of the canadian backers have yet actually. wonder if they did, and will post here saying such.
@irene yes
@ david mcbarron, @ owen - glad top see someone from the east finally getting a shipping notice. owen said a few others had gotten notices, but david's was the first i actually saw. of course, with several thousand orders to be shipped, it could still take several weeks to complete. i wonder if baubax will ever honestly explain the 2-week delay in starting the shipping.
@ rolts - i copied your directions on how to use the pillow, so, if i ever get my jacket, i will know how to use the pillow. thanks.
i'm in northern virginia and received a ups shipping notice last night.
@cheron: there have been people receiving their jackets inside the us(west coast primarily with a few from east coast saying they have tracking/shipping notifications).
again, after so long, no updates not even a tracking number. srsly? it has been months. i thought a january ir february delay would be fine, but its the end of march and its close to april yet no updates with regards to shipping etc. this is just frustrating because we have paid completely yet we're not receiving any worthy compensation. we ordered 6 bombers, neither of which have reached our home.
latest update (us only): - no shipping in the us anywhere - no updates or eta's from baubax - no refunds...stop asking!
unless this thing shows up in the next two weeks (ha!), both of the trips i planned on having this for will have passed.  so happy i ordered this dumb jacket so it can sit in my closet until next year... if it even arrives by next year.
@andrew, yes. kickstarters needs happy customers more than it needs happy creators. the deal offered to creators (raise loads of cash upfront without giving away debt or equity) is so amazing that there will always be creators. if creators that failed to communicate (and baubax are the kings of this) had in default plastered all over their campaign, then yes, it wouldn't mean that backers had their product but it would act as a huge deterant for any creators that wanted to hush up their failings. would create greater openness and would be easy to set up, along lines i have suggested. kickstarter have lost me and countless others from ths campaign and i won't be coming back. with a late product and good communication, i would have remained a kickstarter backer.
@alex i feel like the real problem is that even if a company doesn't follow ks terms of service, ks does not do anything to enforce it. except in egregious situations. for the most part even kickstarter's customer service reps will even say what they are doing is right but based on the terms of service we all agreed to when we backed something kickstarter is simply here as a bulletin board for people to post ideas on. and then, and to ks this is the most important part, they get a chunk of the money for doing basically nothing but creating a website that takes payment information.
@kathy. i would not recommend climbing glaciers in a baubax jacket. and whilst you have my every sympathy, you are wasting your time. they will not give you a refund and it will just make make you more upset. you will have to put up with the jacket. their email address is on every single one of their update emails to you and on their website.
@kathy email support@baubax.com. don't expect quick replies though.
finally received them but so disappointed with this kickstarter. first of all, come on guys. the package material could have been better and more stable. package was tear open at different points and box way to big for what you were shipping. might have lost some items. furthermore, blazer way too long compared to any other blazer in general. arms, shoulders and chest are good, but the length....taken so much time..coming with this quality. finally..no instructions at all. you guys have been sleeping while delaying the project over and over again...?
dear baubax llc, since i can't seem to find an email address to address my concern, i will have to do it here.  i have planned my trip to iceland shortly after ordering my jacket roughly 6 months ago.  i have pictured myself in said jacket on the plane and climbing glaciers when my trip materializes at the end of april.  i have not received any information that my jacket has shipped (ontario, canada) and since i won't leave a purchase until the last minute, i have had to go out and buy a different jacket for this trip.  i do expect my visa account to be credited.  this is my confirmation that i am cancelling my order. i was looking forward to not only using the jacket that you have put so high on a pedestal, but also sharing the information with family and friends for future sales for your company....not to mention everyone i plan on meeting in iceland. the way this was handled is obviously a hard lesson learned on your end of of the sprectrum.  but when i see you are taking orders from the general public and your bread and butter, aka backers, haven't received their products, this is no longer a lesson ( not enough apologies or action from your part has been relayed to us) but a ruthless business. again, please cancel my order and refund my visa by the end of the month. kathy stein
this sanghavi guy is the madoff of crowd funding.  he and his wife have collected millions of dollars from the investors/backers, moved into a luxury home in seattle and live the high life off the money they have taken.  meanwhile only a handful of backers actually got anything while tens of thousands of us get nothing.  when are the authorities going to get involved in shutting down this scam and sending these people to prison??  where is all the press now??  they did fluff pieces on these two con artists for months, where are they now that the scam is unravelling??  justice for the baubax backers!!
i live in dubai and haven't received any update on shipping. i hope i get the jackets soon. will be travelling in a few months hopefully. otherwise i have to wait till december to wear it in dubai :p
i'm in canada and i ordered 5...haven't gotten them either.
should i be concerned that i haven't received my jacket yet? i'm in the united states
@setyo aribowo h what type and size and color is yours.  mine is too small. bomber - mens - xs - black i want to change for black s
@kelly did you get an email tracking info ?
for backers staying in singapore. eva has started a facebook group. this facebook group link is for singapore based backers only, some are trying to swap sizes so less jackets will be send back for exchange and u guys could split the cost, which will be much cheaper. putting our heads together to try to solve over declare price so won't be charge high gst. join the group if u are staying in singapore --->> https://www.facebook.com/groups/783956771737069/
thanks jade. that's reassuring. it does seem a fundamental failing on kickstarter's part not to have mechanisms to ensure reporting is accurate. here's a simple solution which would have stopped baubax from being so misinformative: - backer says shipping will commence on x date - on x date, creator is required by kickstarter rules to tick a box saying they've started shipping or one saying they haven't. - if they haven't, they are are required by kickstarter rules to immediately issue an update on that date to address this and propose a new date (and this process repeats) non-compliance equals an act of default and the campaign turns red with in default plastered all over it. that would work and be easy to arrange. kickstarter take a large fee with money that comes from backers. they owe this to their backers. it would stop the grotesque obfuscation of this campaign. baubax have treated us like shit because the rules allow it.
i have a bomber/blue/men/s size, i want exchange with someone who have a bomber/{blue or black}/men/xs size, please contact me if you want to exchange, thanks. email: uit.lvt@gmail.com. i'm in vietnam
@alex: i've backed about ten different kick starters across three different categories and a few years, and this is the first time i've encountered such a badly managed project. will this project stop me from backing other projects? no. will it stop me from supporting baubax in the future? almost certainly.
just got my bomber in singapore via speedpost with delivery updates and tracking number. good quality product, true to size.
already got some other kickstarter projects and all i paid is $2-4. this really is insane, like i shouldered everyone from the philippine's baubax
baubax chose the factories that actually made the jackets and are very much taking credit for the factories' workmanship. baubax chose the shipping companies that actually shipped the jackets and shipping issues are entirely the shipping companies' fault... that's baubax in a nutshell.
guys i didn't get mine yet. 6k pesos is stupid, i'm gonna complain this. but i think the shipping company in hk is at fault here.
why would anyone back kickstarter ever again when there is no need for the creator to complete the project or to show their backers the most basic of common courtesies (truthful, regular updates)? it seems a model based on backers not understanding the rules or having more money than sense. i will wait until the product has been commercialised in future and buy at that point. never again.
@kelly, knowing how corrupt the customs are in manila, i'm not even sure if this will work, but maybe you can show them the pledge amount you paid in ks (the email confirmation or cc bill showing the amount). good luck.
@kelly - thats why i never have items shipped to manila directly and use forwarders... ... still have not received my jackets though so im glad you already got yours. was pleased with a prompt reply from customer service when i inquired about my order. hopefully itll get to my forwarder soon...
i'm not sure if this is a new addition or not, but i just backed another project, and on the page where i select my payment method, there was the following message: "kickstarter is not a store. it's a way to bring creative projects to life. kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. it is the responsibility of the project creator to complete their project as promised, and the claims of this project are theirs alone." maybe this has been highlighted in light of all the issues with this project?
urgent please read baubax may i know if you have included a recipt of the product? i have just received notice that my package has already arrived at the post office. here's my problem, somebody overpriced my package to $449, which in turn, inflated my customs payable to $150+ (peso equivalent) instead of the supposed $10 this is insane, i paid $119 for my sweatshirt, but i need to pay more for the customs due to mispricing. i took a photo of the customs receipt ($449). i need some proof of purchase so i can at least prove myself to customs. moreso, customs here in the philippines is no joke.
"east coast: we still have 2 more shipments/containers in transit to east coast warehouse. shipping will begin early next week. sorry for the delay." mar 1st update it's been three weeks since that update, about 12 days since the last faq update, and still no updates for east coast customers on when our orders will be shipped! we understand you're busy, but can you please update east coasters with an honest timeline? have things even reached the east coast warehouse yet? have any shipped and what is the timeline for the other backers? thanks.
apparently baubax did not finish shipping on 13th of this month. they're shipping my shipment on 16th, so i think they're as usual late for their schedule. still waiting for the jacket at this moment.
received my jackets last friday. didn't get a chance to open it until today. i got 2 bomber style jackets. as mentioned by several others, the quality of the fabric and stitch work is pretty good. it's a bit complicated to figure out at first. i wish it came with a "manual" or something - i visited the website to see all the different features again. the built in gloves are warm and soft but a bit bothersome. you kind of have to manually stuff it back into the sleeves, which gets a bit bulky around the wrists. i wish there was an elastic band or something to pull it back into the sleeves. the most complicating part was the neck pillow. it's a bit different than in the video. i got the exact same blue bomber jacket that the girl in the video is wearing. she seems to pull down two tabs from the sides, opens a velcro to expose where you blow in to inflate the pillow. in the jacket i received, i had to open up a button in the bottom of the hood (back of neck part) to reveal a neck pillow inside, which is a bit heavy and clunky (probably because of the "2-second inflating technology"? - which is true...really inflates quickly). there was a second button on top of the original button. i think this is the part the pillow is to be buttoned on to hold it in place. there is a little loop at the arch of the pillow, which was a bit too small and i had a hard time trying to stretch it out big enough to pull over the button (either the loop should have been bigger or the button smaller). once i attached the pillow, i put the jacket back on to try inflating it. the pillow was wrapped in a black soft felt-like fabric (not the same blue material as the jacket, as seen in the video). another thing that was different from the video is that in order to open the black fabric to blow the pillow up, you have to unzip the fabric. being in the position that the pillow is in (right next to your neck) and the material of the fabric made it difficult to zip open and again to zip close. i wish it can be opened and closed with a velcro tab (as seen in the video). the inflation part works just as described (inflates and deflates really quickly and easily). again, the pillow is kind of heavy and clunky. as some others commented, i will probably leave it detached unless i plan on traveling far. i am a bit worried about how it would hold up once i wash it but that's way in the future (i'm in california and the cold weather is pretty much gone so i'll probably keep this in the closet until later this year). all in all, i think the jacket is good quality and has some great features. though i'm not sure i would pay more for it than i did here on kickstarter. i tend to be more open to spending a bit more on kickstarter since i am helping to fund new projects. as a finished product, if i imagine seeing this in a retail store, the msrp would seem too high.
has anyone in sf got their jacket yet...still waiting for a tracking number for 1 bomber =_=
sharon and bk, im from sg too. i got mine today. its by express courier, took 1-3 days. so keep your hopes up it should be here soon. side note, anyone from singapore want to change  black mens bomber to smaller size let me know.  i got an xs, i would like to change for s  as its too small for me @randall.lim.lim.lim@hotmail.com
picked up my sweatshirt baubax from customs here in germany yesterday. i have tons of hoodies (since i don't like regular sweaters), and this is definitely one of the best i've ever had. the quality is really good and the design of the pockets etc. very clever. some minor complaints: the pillow feels indeed pretty heavy, so i wouldn't recommend leaving it in the hood at all times. also, the valve is easy to use but feels like it won't be lasting very long (if the latch wears out, the giant opening will not be able to hold any air anymore). and the pocket zippers should really be improved, they get stuck all the time and feel just cheap. but all in all - i love it. very comfy and very solid quality. well worth the price, even with about 30 euro in import taxes. i can understand why people are upset with the "sudden" high import taxes they might have to pay (i see someone from italy mentioning 80 euros somewhere below), but honestly: this is the case with everything you order internationally and you can't blame the creators for not informing yourself on your country's customs rules. that being said, i'm sure that with a total of several million dollars, baubax should have been able to partner with some local inner-eu facilitators to ease up the process and spare the buyers the import duties. for instance, both the "broken sword" pc game and the "ghostbusters" board game from kickstarter came via local game companies (in my case) in germany, which obvliously eased up the process for german buyers a lot. it shouldn't have been a problem for baubax to do something similar and partner up with local distributors, too.
@bk lau i too received my tracking number yesterday. @sharon i assume yours will be on the way soon. little bit more patience.
@ sharon i am from sg too! i doubt they send out all by 13th mar, just got to wait a little longer. heng ah, i just received my tracking email yesterday.  anyone know how long does it take from hk to sg? it just seems to be the start of a picking item.
from singapore, have not receive both my jackets and no tracking numbers. emailed them and all they asked is to wait with no definite answer. didn't they mentioned they will get all shipped out by 13th mar 2016? they broke their promise again. hopefully l don't have to wait till end of the year or 2017... took all the money/ profits and still can't do much... my understanding level had been used up...
i haven't gotten a tracking number yet. why aren't there any more updates?
san diegans here and just received bomber and blazer today. pretty much okay and i would say this jacket is really complicated though has a lot of features. i really like the way of they did the blazer, quality is decent enough and fit to my size. almost the same thing with bomber. however, i dislike one thing with blazer, there is no clip to attach or hide the pillow. another minor thing for blazer is the fabric quality needs to be more consistent. i feel the bomber they did better job on the pillow and pick up the quality. a bit disappointed with the blazer and long wait
@derek m taylor: you can check the profile of any backer by clicking on their icon/name. it will link to their profile showing projects that the backers has supported. it also shows when they joined and, if they choose to disclose it, where they are based.  if your suggestion was correct, that those who say they have received the jackets are fake accounts, this would have been years in the making. @all: re: built in pillow; took some time to have a close look at the pillow and hood arrangement on my bomber jacket today.  unbuttoning the hood lining reveals a second button above the closure button. on the back of the pillow covering is a small elastic loop. i think it is intended that this is the attachment method; use the loop and the higher button to connect the pillow to the jacket.  the pillow can then remain attached to the hood. to use the pillow, unbutton the hood to expose the pillow, inflate. when finished, deflate, put inside hood lining, button closed.
malang, indonesia. still no tracking code or anything for pack of 4 -_-"
@klaus, i am the same as you.  baubax has ruined kickstarter, absolutely ruined it and i will never back a kickstarter project again.
this was my first ever campaign i have backed on kickstarter. i have followed the whole story and process for this campaign and commented once for the first time last week when i got an e-mail with my tracking number. today i received my travel jacket on which the quality is very high. although some of the specifications differ from the original plan, i can appreciate the quality of what i have paid for. overall i am rather happy with the process and end result. i do understand there are quite a few people who are upset at baubax, and probably rightly so however the only part that mildly (if that) frustrated me was the fact that third party vendors were delivering their baubax travel jackets faster than the original backers from this campaign. thanks.
just reminiscing about this ol' baubax favorite! "are you still on time to deliver in november? yes we are. we are proud to say that we are on track to ship out the jackets by end of november"
@susan, baubax is lying to one set of us or another, i've asked for a refund/informed them that i'm disputing charges with my cc company. they immediately (within hours) responded with this: "i have just checked with our operations team on your order. your order has been packed and is ready for shipment. the carrier will pick your order this week. best melissa" i don't want the damn things, they can sell them on tom or ebags, or whatever. i've told them so but they cant tell half of us about our orders and the other half that it's almost on it's way.  if they were operating under an 80,000 budget or whatever their first projection was i would never do this, but they keep calling themselves a "small startup" when they've taken over 11million dollars from people and they wont allow returns, which indicates that after an initial wave of popularity, they don't even think they can sell their own product. either they can find orders or they can't... just one more incident of disingenuity from baubax
okay, received both my blazer and bomber jacket. both jackets fit really nice, im very pleased. in my opinion the quality of both jackets are great. only issue i have is what other people are saying, the pillow it is a little heavy in the hood but i'm not going to keep it in there unless i'm traveling. worth the wait imo, but then again this isnt the longest wait i have encounter on kickstarter.
received my bomber jacket in singapore. generally i found the jacket sturdy built, but for my very own taste it's a bit too heavy and more suitable for a cold and harsher climate. it even sports a ykk nylon zipper, albeit very flimsy and i wonder how long this will last. for this type of jacket one would have expected a more robust zipper. i am also not really happy with the pillow as it is way too bulky and heavy in the hood. i struggled opening and closing the thin and flimsy zippers to access the valve. the pen looks cheaply made and looks out of place and i immediately took it off. i also found the "gloves" really useless. however, having said this i can't really complain considering what i paid for it but i doubt that this jacket will be a keeper. again, nothing beats going in a shop and making your choice on site. ordering online bears always the risk of dissatisfaction. but we all knew it when we backed this project. considering all the frustration experienced with this project, namely lack of frequent updates and long waiting time i have made a new pledge never ever to back any project anymore on kickstarter and the like.
finally got my tracking # today! the email came from support@baubaux.com. it was in my spam folder. southern california, ordered 1 male bomber jacket and 1 female bomber jacket. i doubt backer # matters at this point but my backer # was 34933.
i got this response to my request for update on east coast shipments and chicago area delivery timetables. backer #9187. we understand your frustration and apologies for the inconvenience. since we have a high volume of orders to be processed it is difficult to provide an exact date when your order will be processed and dispatched from our warehouse. our warehouses are dispatching hundreds of orders daily and we are sure that your order will be processed soon. we are thankful for your support and will request you to please hold a little more patience and your jacket will be delivered at your doorstep as quickly as we can. thanks, ~anne
@creator, being a customer of your shipping agent, you as a customer, should at least request your shipping agent to send you a list of completed shipment details. and try to locate my order to see what is going on, or did they miss my order! it has been way too long for international shipment already!
@derek m taylor got my bomber and blazer a week ago (sweden). took a while, but they are shipping. i'm pretty damn pleased with the quality. https://instagram.com/p/bdnnjp-cyqd/ i understand patience is running low (and the customer service is pretty mute) but it is worth the wait.
received my jacket after paying a large bill for customs. not really happy with it as the pillow is way too bulky in the hood, the pen comes off every time i use the zip, and the "gloves" are really useless. can't get a refund, and doubt i'd be able to sell it on. :(
@thomas j joyce lll depending when it says it's been delivered if i were you i'd give it a few more days after that date. i've had items say it was delivered from usps come a few days after it says its been delivered.if it's been a week or so then i would seriously consider it possibly being stolen.
la resident here - received my 2 bomber jackets this morning. the female small is a little too small, will be looking to exchange for a medium. the gloves they provided are an absolute joke, they are tiny and barely go over the hand to cover. the water bottle is nice though. neck pillow seems a little too bulky in the hoodie. like the material of the jacket overall, not sure id purchase again just because the sizing is so wonky.
@ bruce gilliland, the usps tracking shows it was delivered while i was at home. no package ever showed up. my next thought is that the postal carrier stole it.
i'm in los angeles and i've received my two jackets: red bomber and blue windbreaker. also got mini black gloves and pocket water bottles. both are sized large but the cut is more form-fitting, more like a medium than a large. the arm holes are cut high and narrow like a shirt than an athletic jacket. i want to exchange it for a larger size but i will have to wait awhile until the order fulfillment frenzy die down. if you want to see actual photos, search instagram for thewunderluster or search #baubaxjacket. good luck to all!
quite likely was melinda. i wouldn't put it past them to do so. could always test it with an email that just says "shipping" in it, and nothing else.
hmmm, i sent an e-mail asking for shipping info for the us midwest (indiana) and received a generic response that they are shipping hundreds each day, and i'll get a shipping notification when mine is shipped <1 minute later. i feel like it was an auto response that was generated based on searching the incoming e-mail for the terms: shipping, update. suspicious and unfulfilling.
@owen i know that is highly unlikely but it wouldnt surprise me if friends and family of the team backed it and they asked them to just post positive stuff to offset the negative @kat thank you. that gives me some peace and yeah i have read several of your comments and can definitely tell you are not with them. @wonju i'm in oklahoma and havent received anything yet and to hear you didn't get any tracking info bothers me. i'd hate to find out my jackets are sitting on someone else's front door step and i have no way of knowing because of no tracking info
i'm in texas and received my items. i did not get any tracking info. got it out of the blue. have not tried it out yet but looks good so far.
@ thomas j. joyce - did the usps say that it had been delivered? i think it's a safe bet to say your jackets was not lost; it was stolen. possibly by someone in the usps, but more likely by someone who saw it being delivered and swiped it. i suspect we could see more of this before the deliveries are completed.
i ordered 2 bombers (pdx)and i have no tracking, no jackets, nothing. i was willing to forgive the tom sale, because i thought maybe they had made promises and contracted with the company before getting delayed but now that they're selling through ebags, as well, and i'm sure other sites too, now i'm just pissed. if they're soooo successful that they can start shipping our jackets out to non-backers i would kindly ask them to do a biologically impossible thing, and additionally i would like my money back. i'm so pissed off at this point that getting the jackets (if i do, i'd rather have the money back, now) will just remind me of how pissed i am. also, baubax you can take your (multiple) promises of better communication and shove them where the sun don't shine.
derek,  some people have posted photos here, and some who have posted photos have been critical of what they received.  i am no way shape or form associated with baubax. in fact, i've probably been their most vocal critic.  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@derek: only backers can post here. that would mean baubax had created however many profiles, and backed their own product, just to say that they received it.
this campaign has me believing that the people posting that they have received their jackets are profiles made by baubax to hopefully calm us down. please tell me i am not the only one that feels this way. also those of you that have received your stuff can you link us to your instagram or some site that has pics of you wearing them? be nice to see some consumers with their products
on east coast and have not received a tracking number yet....sigh
1 bomber jacket in sf bay area, still no tracking email :(
just wondering for those who ordered xlt  did you actually receive extra large tall? my email indicated extra large(xl)but doesn't say anything about it being xlt
would like to get a better time frame when my jackets are coming in ordered 2 sweaters and have not get any e-mails. would like to get my jackets before my overseas trip that was the whole reason i get the sweaters were for the trip would be really upset if i got them after i came back from the trip.
in texas ordered 2 sweatshirts and 2 bombers.........no tracking nothing nada.......when or when will it arrive??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
nice to hear some people on the east coast usa have received a tracking number. hopefully canada will be soon to follow!
in italy received today. € 80,00 custom fees. if i had known i would not have ever taken.
@james kong    from canada, absolutely no news here as well (tracking, shipping, etc). this was supposed to be a november birthday present for my brother. i feel like an a##
been road-testing the bomber for the past two weeks in taipei and san francisco.  feels great, except that (1) sunglasses pocket a bit small, and is better for keeping your glasses while you sleep on the plane; and (2) neck pillow pocket can be unwieldly and it's hard having your hood on when it's raining outside.  other than that, extremely satisfied!
got my order today! ordered a bomber and a blazer and both look great. the bomber looks more royal blue than what i have anticipated but its a good jacket -chuck
the us post office lost my package, how can i get a re shipment? usps will not allow me to file a claim because insurance wasn't purchased for the shipment?
just received my bomber in singapore.  i must say it's a very well constructed jacket, the material is of good quality and looks and feel like a premium product indeed. thanks for delivering team!
in washington, dc, and just received my shipping notification.  i'll confirm when received.
anyone in canada get  a shipping notification, tracking number, or anything yet?
@andrew conrad, thanks for the response. i would be happy if they would respond to just one of my many emails.
hey bruce!  good to see you!  how's the garden?   comments have been fast and furious and hard to keep up with. remember that reporter from the chicago tribune who wrote about delays in december?  maybe she'd like to hear more about how retail is being fulfilled and run ahead of backer fulfillment.  her name is amina elahi and her email addy is aelahi@chicagotribune.com. also, wired mag is doing another fluff piece about them at the end of the month to coincide with another retail sale at touch of modern. their senior editor on twitter @snackfight and tech writer @pierce should hear from backers in order to provide them with a balanced view. reviews, rants and commiserating can be done here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
i'm in ireland and i received my jacket today, on initial impressions it's very good quality material and looks good in person. for once i'm actually happy that it is still cold here so at least i will get a few weeks out of the jacket before summer kicks in.....despite some of the annoying delays and lack of communication i will give baubax credit and will certainly be happy to recommend them to my friends.
@larry you aren't the only one. people have been waiting, i know it's been 2 months for me, for email responses, while some people seem to get them same day. i believe once they have responded so many times they cut you off. at least that's what i feel happened to me. trying to get updates, after having them promised, should not be this difficult.
@chris whitmore, i can't believe the line, " they're aiming to have all the kickstarter orders out before ebag.com orders start shipping.' pisses me off so much. wth does 'aiming' mean! they should have our orders in our hands before they worry about their retail side. it's insulting.
@werewolf i also live near chicago and have posed the same  question by email (16103 and 17187), twitter, comments here and facebook for nearly two weeks. regrettably, no response.
no jackets or tracking number portland or- 1 mens sweatshirt and 1 mens blazer.
in norcal just got my tracking number right now through fedex!
take it for what it's worth but after i sent an email complaining that ebag orders are going out april 6th and ks appears to be nowhere near being fulfilled, i received an email that they're aiming to have all the kickstarter orders out before ebag.com orders start shipping. they also said all international orders would be fulfilled by march 12th so i'm more on the pessimistic side for this.
in san francisco, ca. still haven’t received any updates for my bomber jacket. my coworker pledged after me for a windbreaker and received her jacket about 2-3 weeks ago. we have the same delivery address. i tried on her jacket and it seems to run small even though the jacket was ordered based off the size chart. hoping the bomber will fit as stated on the size chart.
@fmotta: i can see the epaulets on the female on in the pictures, the male one you can't clearly see the shoulders to be able to determine it. a lot of the pictures really aren't the best for showing the jackets.
san jose: received my two jackets.  my first impression on the mens black large bomber: - size - seems like this is really not a large, yet not a medium.  i cannot wear more than a light shirt  under this (theoretical) large.  with all of my other large i can wear a regular shirt or even a heavy one - epaulets - i did not see epaulets on the pictures.  possibly my error.  i cannot determine who decided epaulets were a good idea still as seldom will most wearers have rank on their jacket - many will carry backpacks... torn epaulets anyone? ok the good. seems well put together and warm (however we have not had a cold day since receiving) i've gotten a few unsolicited comments (i think they were intended to be positive)
east coast (columbia sc). no tracking, no jackets, no info. ludicrous.  i noted that some commentators have had responses from baubax. i have sent them multiple emails (8) over a 45-day span with not one response. please advise what email address you were using when you got a response. thanks
i'm in los angeles and have heard nothing about my 1 bomber jacket and i see that a couple comments below me, someone in los angeles received their 2 bomber jackets. great.
the comments are coming so fast here and are so similar, it's hard to tell if i'm missing any or not.  i try to read back to the first couple of familiar comments each day. that said, has anyone in the middle of the united states heard anything yet?  i'm in chicago, and ordered 1 hoodie/sweatshirt, i'm guesising that chicago would probably ship from the east coast shipper, but it could go either way.
taiwan backer here. just got my tracking number. shipped by hk post 3/21 12:00.
i'm in atlanta and haven't gotten anything, i live about 5 miles from where fedex, usps, and ups have shipping hubs. i have a hard time believing that shipping would begin going out and baubax wouldn't be out on with their megaphone bragging about how wonderful they are accomplishing such a monumental task, and probably having to walk 5 miles up hill, both ways, barefoot, in the middle of the desert, in the rain, sleet and snow to make it happen.
we received our 2 bomber jackets yesterday. 6 days after shipping info was sent out. we are in los angeles. they are awesome.
i'm in nj and still no tracking info. the shipping is taking a while......if you did get your stuff can you post pics on the facebook group?
re shipping methods - i did take a few minutes to read the last few hours of messages. i think they support what i said some time back. baubax had said it would send out 1-jackets orders first and then multiple jacket orders later. however, when you read the messages, it's clear that many people are just now getting 1-jacket orders while others have been getting multiple jacket orders for some time. and it's not just the location or distance that's involved. in my opinion, the shippers are filling orders based on the boxes they happen to open. if they happen to have a couple of boxes open with jackets to match an order, they fill it. if not they skip the order for now. how else do you explain one person in melbourne getting a 2-jacket order today and another person in melbourne not having heard anything about their 2-jacket order? it's about as random as it can get.
@ michael chorney - thanks for the update. i have not read all the posts lately, so i missed seeing any posts about east coast shipping. since the only posts i saw were from people like me who had not heard anything, i assumed they still had not started shipping. a few posts down are two comments from two people in melbourne, australia. one just got their jacket while the other still has not received theirs. rolts got his more than a week ago. i find in strange that they have taken so long to finish shipping from hong kong since they got a head start on the u.s. if the east coast facility does as hong kong and the u.s. west coast facility have done, it could take more than a month for most people to get their jackets.
@michael chorney thanks :)
@laura anne:  some backers on the us east coast reported receiving tracking numbers late last week.  apparently, they are shipping from the atlanta area.
any usa east coasters get their orders or even tracking info? i'm in pa and have received nada.
for those lucky enough to get their jackets or at least their shipping notifications, which courier service is being used?
i'm enviously stalking the comments and being jealous of everyone's who has gotten their jackets... can't wait for mine!
i, somehow, just got my jacket today without any e-mail notification. maybe yours are on the way too. btw, i'm in thailand and my numeber is #9762.
any update for shipping information ? i'm in macao , last time i receive the email for project update #19
omg classic. just 2 mins ago got my shipping notification! murphy's law
waiting for my jackets in melbourne. have heard nothing. sigh.......
can i just have a refund? this is unacceptable already.
i'm in melbourne, australia as well,but yet to see the jackets which i bought for my in-laws, who are leaving for their overseas trip in a week. these were supposed to be christmas present as i knew they were planning their trip and now they have to get new jackets. baubax last update stated that the international orders should be done by the 12 of march, and i am yet to hear from baubax. i also sent couple of emails, but no response. its getting a little annoying and i'm disappointed that my in-laws have to buy new jackets for their trip.
received my 2 jackets today :) trying to remember what each pocket is for lol but otherwise am happy with them! (i live in melbourne, australia)
hi, i've been leaving messages to have the company contact me. i have not idea of the status of the jacket shipments
i've got my tracking number in the reply mail from baubax today! it's 6 days after my mail! but it doesn't look like a formal notifying mail, 'cause there is no link or name of the delivery service.  anyone know which package delivery service baubax is using?? thanks!!
still no jackets, no information, no tracking number.
got my blazer today in austria - had to pay 34€ import duties. the package was in the post for an annoying full month. please use a different carrier next time. unfortunately, i seem to have chose a size a bit too small. will have to exchange it.........
hello all, do you pictures on blazer? mostly i only see bomber but haven't seen the final outcome for blazer - thanks!
i'm in singapore and i just received my bomber and blazer today. both fit perfectly. thank you for your awesome innovation.
im in perth au.    got my jacket today. wont get to try it out for another few months still a bit too hot.   but so far very happpy with the quality of the jacket
i'm in sydney, australia and today my two-blazer package arrived. no shipping notice but i am happy with the quality of the products!
edit: don't mind the second part. i just re-read the update and i'll have to contact hong kong post directly.
how are people seeing their estimated delivery date on the aftership website? i only seem to be able to see where it's been, not when it'll arrive. i'm in australia and it was shipped with hong kong post if that helps also, i can't seem to find where to change my address. i believe we were told in an update that if we missed the cutoff we would be able to change addresses directly on the aftership website.
still.....waiting..... from singapore . probably by the time i receive it, i gonna celebrate my jacket's first birthday.
hi, i still have not received any shipping notice for an order with 2 bomber jackets...any updates or possibility of refund?? i'm in usa, colorado. thanks!
still waiting for 2 bombers in norcal here's hoping it comes soon.
i got a bomber today. i live in seoul, korea. bomber is fit on spring in korea, and will be good for fall. this is worthy to wait. perfect.
anyone in europe get their jacket? i never wrote comment because i try to understand their problem as new company. but until now i haven't received the shipping email.
i just received my black bomber... 10 hours after it landed in singapore. here's the review i posted in kat's group: the jacket is definitely a man's cut, very snug around the chest, although i have no hips so that's not a problem. baubax obviously doesn't understand the concept of boobs or hips on women. forget about keeping anything in the pockets while traveling, i'd look like an overstuffed christmas stocking. if i put a tablet in the chest pocket, i'd have one rectangular boob. i got an l, my usual size, but wish i'd gotten an xl just so i can actually use the darn pockets. i'm going to keep them nevertheless. i just tried them in front of the mirror, and it looks surprisingly flattering. my worry about uni-boob was unfounded. the outer material is decent, workmanship too. it's a dark black, which i like a lot. things i hate: it makes so much noise when i move around, just from the fabric brushing against itself. the zippers look cheap. the pen/stylus keeps coming off, i'll need to stow it in a pocket. things the jacket could do without: the annoying half-gloves... i'm gonna have to cut them off.
still waiting on my jacket... not sure i will ever get it at this point
two jackets received.  however, i pre-ordered another one when i was filling the two jackets' survey. haven't heard anything yet nor confirmation email. what to do?
pledged to raise money july 2015, supposed to receive 2 jackets. just outside philly-on the beaten path-no jackets, no tracking. and today an automated response when i queried retail sales while i still have nothing. disappointed and disillusioned.
received package here in ut. glad to see us orders are flowing. quality is great and i am excited to use it when i travel this week.
alberta, canada. still no tracking number. i will be having a vacation this coming april and supposed to bring the jackets as gifts but i do not have an idea when they are going to be delivered. :(
still sweet fa in singapore while they sell retail. pricks.
brisbane, australia.  received the tracking number from hong kong post on march 11th.  it made it to australia on march 17th.  there were no further updates after that until 4 days later, and i received the bomber jacket today (march 21st).  have only made a quick inspection so far but the size is correct for me and it seems to be quite warm.  the extra gloves that came seem odd as in they barely cover the palm, so they appear to be intended to wear under the gloves in the jacket.  i'm not sure how comfortable that will be.
california, 1 jacket, still no tracking, mail them and only receive words say they still work this out....
two bomber jackets received in utah.  quality seems reasonable and the fit is accurate.  some instructions would be nice but it seemed somewhat likely that the small loop on the neck pillow was to attach to the button on the hood.  luckily it's just chilly enough in the morning that a light jacket can be worn.
oops, didn't pay for a blanket, but the size issue stands.
what a ripoff - lies, lies lies. i want my $ refunded.
in massachusetts. no tracking # yet.
received my jackets last week. i'm in dfw, texas area
two jackets arrived last week - both are far too small and don't reflect the size chart.  they jackets are very short and the women's cut seems more suited to a man's jacket. i'm told to wait a few weeks for the exchange process to be in place.  if it's too much hassle, which i suspect it might be, i'll give them away.  no blanket included and the gloves are terrible and mostly worthless. they don't fit either.  wondering how all of this will be resolved.
got my tracking friday. should be at my house monday. i live in arizona, so currently with the 90 degree weather it won't be to use full but i got it for traveling which will be used soon!
hoodie turned up earlier this week, overall it's great quality, definitely a winter hoodie though given it's thickness. i do have a couple of gripes though. it's smaller than expected given the size chart, the zip on the pillow came off 1st time i opened it and now won't go back on (not a major issue as it doesn't open too much even when inflated, but still), and the hood is large enough that pulling it on fully means the eye cover drops down! i'm thinking a button of velcro strip to hold it up would have been a good idea to stop something like this happening. as i said at the start, overall great quality, but a couple of things has let it down for me.
march 20, still no tracking number, no communication at all (oregon, usa). i will be moving to a new place next month. i don't understand how baubax can be so silent while so many people are complaining about the lack of communication.
still no tracking number.
@david i might try contacting fedex if i were you. that is odd that 3 days later no changes have happened. maybe they only ship every other week. or by the phases of the moon.
yay! i received my blazer and bomber yestersay, without any tracking code. there is one doubt. i have received only one gloves and pillow. cos package was open when i receved.
alberta, canada, nothing yet !
so i don't understand - i got a ship notice 3 days ago with a tracking number from fedex.  as of this morning, fedex still does not recognize the tracking number - not that a ticket has been printed or a package accepted.  just a plain "we can't find that number".  so how did you actually get a number to send?
please leave reviews for baubax, the baubax experience and, if you have them, jackets here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
oh....my....gosh.....the jackets are superfantastic!  i feel sorry for you guys....how can you possibly better this great creation??? kudos! well done! great job!  absolutely worth the wait!!!!! from : blissfully happy with baubax jackets in bangkok, thailand!!
@erika. that is one big freaking blanket!  i bet it's even bigger than the blanket they sold as an add on!  what a group of players they are.  they're not inexperienced, because they said so.  they're not overwhelmed getting jackets out to backers, they're stumping for third party sales and photo shoots and press.  they aren't communicating because they do not want to.  not because they can't. i believe, as soon as they finished saying "holy crap, we made 11 million dollars!" they immediately set to work to establish retail channels. i believe delivering to 3rd party sales became an objective the would supersede kickstarter and indiegogo commitments. this was, in all likelihood, deliberate. i believe their corporate ethos trickled down from the founding couple. what other ceo, who has studied toward an mba at kellogg, would ever allow their employees to tackle the mess they've made with such utter antipathy? accumulating wealth was the goal no matter how dishonest they had to be. ''honesty is a very expensive gift. do ont expect it from cheap people.'' ~ warren buffet
5 months later and still no jacket or tracking number.   the best part is thst i have since moved and they cannot update my address.  i was told by anne in support that there was an email telling us to update our addresses by 2/23.  i got the email on 2/22. 24 hours notice?  seriously baubax, this is bush league and can result in the early demise of a company.  customer obsession. jeff bezos lives it.   learn from him.
i am in taiwan. when jackets start selling in shop of taiwan. where is my tracking numer?
no email  no jackets  ordered 4  indpls indiana
@kunhan thanks for the update, i will wait for another week see what happened!!
hi there im from israel, still no tracking no' or nothing.... takes long time....hope they will arrive one day.
@erika it seems they have finally updated their canned response.xd but hey, that's a good step for their improvement.
so still no tracking number or shipment here in the uk. lol apparently i must be one of the very few that haven't gotten theirs, right? how unlucky! pmsl!!!!!!! but i finally got a response (canned) to my email from last week. here it is!  agent 005 (baubax) mar 19, 21:27 hi there, because we are getting so overwhelmed with emails at the moment i would like to try something to help get to as many of our backers as i can. yes i know this is a blanket response but hopefully it will answer many of your questions. if it does not please reply back and i will personally look over each one and give you the best answer to your question i can. q1) where is my jacket? a1) short answer is it is on it's way. i know a lot of you are worried about the many delays that our project has encountered but i have confirmation that almost all international orders for kickstarter have gone out and they will be starting indiegogo in the next few days. and both us based warehouses are up and running now. so your jacket is coming. q1.1) i got my tracking info but it looks like my package hasn't moved in the past x days. a1.1) for the most part this is the same answer as the first question. we are aware that a few shipments seem to be stuck in port, and we are already working on it. q2) can you give me an exact date or tracking number for my order? a2) short answer is no. the distribution company is processing all the orders as quickly as they can and has given us very little information as to the timetable for individual orders and there is no tracking number until it is actually sent out at which point you will get an email directly from the distribution company. (all we have is a file with your order id and that means absolutely nothing when it comes to when your order will go out. q3) i received my jacked but i don't like it, something is missing/defective or i got the wrong size. a3) glad to hear you got your jacket, sorry to hear something is wrong. but yes, we are setting up an exchange system, it is still in the early stages but please do the following. if the problem is the jacket itself, make sure not to throw anything away and keep everything in the box it came in and let me know what you received and what you would like to exchange it for. if something is missing or defective please take a picture of it and send it to us with your reply ( <1mb please) if your problem is anything else please reply to this email and i will go over your email and give it my personal attention. thank you for supporting us! -price
@sunny lee that's say, the baubax support team member, price, has given me a brief update for the international shipment may be completed by mar.19 due to the logistical problem (see my comment below).  so, let's wait for one more week to see what happened!!
got mine today, which was a surprise, since i got no tracking mail. excellent quality. the fit is a bit tight around my shoulders, which usually happens if i get a l so i went for xl here. definitely echo the xl feels like a l comment below. windbreaker, unfortunately, is _way_ too warm. that's kickstarter for you, getting something sight unseen is a risk. i'll find someone to gift these jackets to, because they deserve to be worn.
my acct on kickstarter says received but i have no email with tracking and no jackets! sending an email to customer service fwiw at this point. greatly disappointed in delivery service!
ny backer here still no tracking #.
received a sweatshirt and bomber jackets today. mountain view, ca. the tracking # i received was never found by ups so that was kind of weird. but at least they did arrive!
i wonder what happened to my jacket...
i received my order today, and both the jacket and the sweatshirt are great. thanks from california!
any chance i'll get this before may? i'm in florida now, but will be moving for gradu ate studies soon... i wanted this for an audition season that was january through march... oh well.
still nothing from taiwan, you know how close is hong kong to taiwan about one hour forty-five mins flight time (or maybe they go by sea), if it leave the hong kong warehouse on the 12th, it should be here already. wtf.
@lynann evans. you needed to add $25 to your pledge to add on a blanket.
@ej. there's three spare ink refills in the top left outer pocket.
nothing here for toronto ontario canada....... wtf.... i wonder what type of shipping would it be so i know what to expect....
i received my order today (bomber and windbreaker). i'm in san diego. i ordered women's small for both jackets and they are a snug fit. i can zip up both if i wear something relatively thin underneath. for reference, i am 5'4" and 115lbs. definitely could go a size up, but not enough of an issue to warrant an exchange, especially since it might take forever and a day for the process.  the jackets themselves are pretty good quality; pillows inflate/deflate easily but are bulky if wearing the hood with pillow stowed. the built-in gloves are good; however, a bit of a pain to tuck in when not in use. the gloves that came separately seem to be designed to use with the built-in gloves since they only cover about 2/3 of the palm. i don't think they are meant to be worn as stand-alone gloves.  the stylus/pen combo is nifty and is clipped to the main zipper. i accidentally separated the pen from the zipper pull by pulling quickly. not a big deal. i hope they sell these separately. otherwise, it's just a stylus once the ink runs out. overall, i am satisfied with the jackets.
this is absolutely ridiculous, how about some specific updates for the us backers since we are seeing everyone else get them.
received jackets today, both neck pillows had issues. one zipper pull fell off immediately because there was nothing to stop it at the end and wasn't even sewn shut! the other pillow's air valve just stayed open and wouldn't retain any air at all. hope i don't have to return the jackets just to get the pillows replaced.
southern california, still no tracking number nor an honest update of whats going on.....
hi fellow backers from the philippines, i created this group on facebook so that we can keep track of the progress of our jackets. hope you guys join the group so we can help each other in sorting the details and/or problems! thanks! https://www.facebook.com/groups/489664824559491/
looks like some people are getting theirs.  i'm in al, still no tracking number or feedback
still waiting. no sign of the jacket.
this whole circus has been a joke...
still no delivery in nj. anyone from nj get theirs yet?
i'm in the us in north carolina and i have not received any of my ordered items yet. please contact me with an update. alex wilson
i got two bombers in xl. i followed the sizing chart yet the xl feels like a l. i'm not happy at all with how it fits. it feels great and very well made. i would love this jacket if it fit properly. guess i have to pay two way shipping to get a bigger size, then wait who knows how long to get the replacement. i also thought each jacket cam with a blanket? i didn't get one.
@jennifer60  what size does your son typically wear?  i ordered a 3xlt, and getting nervous...
got my jackets today (one windbreaker, one sweatshirt) in dallas, tx. great quality, really well made! the mediums were just the right size. definitely frustrated by the timing of delivery, but overall, a solid product! will have to see if the products stand the test of use/time!
i received my world's best travel jacket baubaxwomen's bomber jacket. the materials and construction seem to be very high quality. my only complaint is the women's jacket really feels and fits like a men's jacket. there's a bunch of extra room in the shoulders and waist, but it's very snug across the chest and hips. the arm holes are cut very large and low, so you end up with all this extra shoulder room and wide, baggy sleeves, but you can't raise your arms without exposing your stomach. when laid flat, the jacket is very square. this is typical for men's clothing. i'm very disappointed because this women's jacket does not seem to have been made for a woman at all. it really seems like you used the same pattern as the men's clothing and just assigned different sizes. women's jackets and coats typically taper in in the waist, flare at the hips, have darts in the chest to allow for a bust, have arm holes which are narrower with slim sleeves. this jacket lacks all of these features which are typical for women's clothing.
just got mine today ... live in az, it shipped priority mail from henderson, nv.  got 2 blazers (different sizes).  i got a l and i thought that it would fit me on the size chart ... and it fit perfectly. i have to say it is really well made!!  they've done an awesome job with the packaging and the quality of the materials.  i, like everyone else, was concerned that this jacket would never arrive, but it did .... and they nailed it!  worth the wait :)
missouri, west of the mississippi. nothing? anyone?
just got my jackets, bomber and blazer, out here in san diego. really well made. i thought we were going to get blankets with each coat? i only got one... love them both. husband is happy. i think the blazer is a bit light but it's nicely made. can't get over it.... really happy with the end result, thank you for pulling through.
my son just tried on his xxxl bomber jacket and he say it fits like an xl now my mensxl jacket was snug like it should have been a m or l.  i am 5ft 2 (there is no room for a sweater underneath) so i tried on his xxxl and it fits how i expected the xl to fit (you know room for other stuff besides a bra) my son is not happy with the product, he has been supporting kickstarter since the beginning and has advised me to file a complaint about the companies quality control. i mention how many backers have already complained and that at the time i was along for the ride just waiting the process out. so watch out for the size differences people!
i received my sweatshirt and blazer. i'm pleased with the fit.  i thought i'd opted for too large of a size, but the fit works out nicely. i love the fact that the hand-cover is removable on the blazer and wish the same were true of the sweatshirt.  i haven't tried to inflate the neck pillows yet. love the pen/stylus attachments. overall, i'm happy with the products. if i were to suggest future enhancements, i'd suggest beefing up the zipper a bit in terms of quality and make the palm-glove things on the sweatshirt removable for folks who don't want them.
today in dallas, tx i received a ladies red bomber (m) and men's sweatshirt.  they arrived in a cardboard box two to three times too large with no packing material and the box looked the worse for the wear, with the tape broken through on one edge .  the bomber did not come with a pen/stylus.  the fit is ok however the shape is boxier than i prefer and the shoulders a bit tight (i am 5'6" and 128lbs).  i wish there was less material in the middle and more in the shoulders. i am impressed with the pillow, it really does blow up quickly and deflate easily.  the zipper over the orifice does not glide easily and i do wish a higher quality zipper had been used there.  i had assumed all pockets would have zippers and surprised by the two interior pockets that were designed without them.  all in all i am happy and just need baubax to send me the missing pen.
@alex jarman hahaha yes i do get the simpsons comments from time to time. i am actually married now and have a different last name, so i don't hear it as often anymore. just havent updated my name on kickstarter. :)
@alex, @jin. welcome to kickstarter :/ . these issues are some that have affected many many mannnyy projects. giving bad reviews and not supporting them on social networks seems to be the best way to get their attention as that is where they market. like i said,i personally try to just sit back and let it happen when it does.  if it can be fixed, they will try. if it doesn't, well this is kickstarter. it's a risk you take :(
any news ? backer from ho chi minh city, vietnam ... :(
i'm in central california. got my jacket today. no email sent prior. thank you. my issue, the extra large sent is like a medium. will see if it can be exchanged.
got my jacket the other day and love it :) only suggestion i'll make is that maybe there should be something that holds the eye cover up, as it drops down as i walk :/ maybe a pocket to tuck it into or a couple buttons to connect it to the hood?
where are my jackets. you keep saying next week and next week has come and gone, repeatedly. if you can't deliver then refund all my money, asap.
i haven't heard a word about my order. in nyc.
san antonio texas saturday 12:52 pm fedex just delivered my order of 2 bomber jackets.  no tracking number sent by email so it was a surprise delivery.
i got my sweatshirt charcoal yesterday! it left hk on the 11th and arrived at the northernmost town in svalbard on the 18th. size was perfect, the color is better than i expected and it feels really soft and nice. the pillow is not build in, more likely 'hidden in'. overall, i'm happy with this jacket i waited for:-) oh it came with gloves and the pocket bottle too.
i'm curious, considering that the campaign specifically said there was a "built-in" neck pillow and many people have said its not built in at all but detachable and that they are not going to leave it in the hood, how is it that the jackets can be considered "great"?  for us, the built in aspect of the neck pillow was the coolest thing and is what prompted us to pledge.  if it doesn't have a built in neck pillow isn't it really just a jacket with a lot of pockets of which one will be used to carry your inflatable neck pillow in?
reviews for your experience with baubax, jackets if you have 'em, here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
from singapore and i just got mine! it's great. :)
i have a bomber/blue/men/s size, i want exchange with someone who have a bomber/{blue or black}/men/xs size, please contact me if you want to exchange, thanks. email: uit.lvt@gmail.com. from vietnam
hi everyone, just sharing my 2cents worth. maybe we are all so frustrated now because we cannot seem to see bb's logistics logic. i am from singapore and i ordered 5 bombers. logically speaking, they should have consolidated all orders from the same country and shipped them out together. in my case, i received the tracking info 2 days back and they r currently on their way there. if we were to scroll down the comments, there are some fellow singaporeans who have received their jackets and some who havent heard sh*t. so, my only conclusion is that they are handling the orders randomly. hopefully this helps to explain all these. considering that i have been looking at my mailbox twice everyday and refreshing my email acct every hour since february, i can understand that frustration we are all going through. hang in there guys, we will get our jackets. eventually ;)
and i ordered 2 sweatshirts.
still nothing here and no response to my email.
no tracking number yet. i am from singapore. what is happening? no update at all.
nothing yet in new york. still waiting patiently!
chia,when can i get some infor about my jeckets
pasadena, ca.  just one jacket.  no tracking or jacket yet.
vancouver canada, no tracking or jacket yet!
fantastic news sharon!  i'm still waiting for my blue add-on bomber. sigh!
been busy the past few weeks so didn't read comments here but just dropping by to inform i receive my tracking yesterday for my 6 jackets!!!!
just received my shipping notification. 3 different variations. singapore.
live in southern california today i received my jackets i think it was worth the wait only thing is i wish i could wear the jacket but it's just to hot outside. happy none the less.
ordered two jackets, just got the shipping notification! i'm in texas
hi, please answer my messages, i have sent you three already and have no response at all.
got the shipping confirmation and a fedex tracking number. the wait might just be over yet. west coast shipping seems to be from henderson, nv box 24x16x6  item#: 1296-box 24x16x6                                    1 collapsible water bottle item#: 1296-bxb001wht001         	2 gloves black m item#: 1296-bxg001blk00m                      	2 bomber black male l    item#: 1296-bxm003blk0000l          	1 blazer navy male l item#: 1296-bxm004nvy0000l             	1
holy sh!t i got a tracking number. san jose, ca (west coast)
east coast still no tracking or jacket
hey everyone! received my jackets today! super fast too apparently. processed in hong kong warehouse march 16, arrived in seoul, south korea march 19.
uk. still nothing. slowly dying on the inside.
hi all,  just received shipping notification from ups (via my ups) of delivery of the 2 sweatshirts i ordered.  delivery expected wed 3/23 via usps.  i am in sf bay area. still have had no word from baubax regarding shipping,  but this is not surprising.  seems as if us shipping has no rhyme or reason. they clearly are not following single, multiple,/more complicated orders.  i have been following the comments for weeks now, and can't wait to see if i will be happy or continue to be frustrated with this experience :-).  extremely unhappy with the communication as all others have posted.
good to have you back @bruce, you were missed
back sooner than i expected - re: folks wanting to exchange jackets for a different size - i got the following response to an e-mail i sent a few days ago about swapping my daughter's bomber for a larger size. (i don't actually have the jacket yet. i am in the eastern half of the western hemisphere that cannot get any jackets.) please note carefully the requirements for them to accept an exchange. if you no longer have the original box and all the tags and packaging, you are probably out of luck. however, if you want to exchange your jacket, we may eventually find out how to do it. "thank you for writing to us. we are happy to offer an exchange. "as we are a small team, currently focused on shipping out the jackets from our warehouses to other backers we will get back to you with the next steps within a couple of weeks. please do not use the products and keep them stored in the shipping box. please make sure the hang-tag on the jacket is not removed and the items are placed in the original polybag, otherwise we will not be able to exchange the items."
@alyssa - headphones.
i got my sweatshirt about a week ago.  it fits well.  it's soft and comfy.  i don't understand the gloves though.  i have very small hands and got smalls and they don't come down over my wrists, and it looks like they were made that way.  anyone else have this problem, with the gloves.   also at the neck of the sweatshirt between the body and the hood, there are 4 elastic, what look like button holes, or some way to hold something there.  does anyone know what those are for?
i'm glad to see some string of people reporting getting tracking numbers on the west coast but i am still extremely disappointed that i do not have my tracking number yet and baubax is not responding to my email asking what is going on. even if we assume that half of all orders are on the west coast, the rate they intended to ship at in the march 1st update would have all of the west coast orders shipped out at this point.
millhouse is my middle name, elizabeth. do you get a lot of simpsons comments?
nice to see someone in alaska got theirs! i'm in ak as well but still no tracking number :(
in seattle, ordered 1 blazer and 1 bomber. just got tracking # but it is not in the fedex system yet. fedex said it could take up to 24 hours to update info so will check tomorrow.
i'm in  alameda, ca. ordered a black bomber jacket. haven't received tracking info or the product yet.
rule #1: baubax is always right and any problems must arise must be made by the customer or another counterparty. rule #2: see rule 1.
hahahaha!  well, i'm screwed.   turns out that they don't make the jackets any larger than xxl, and the xxl they sent me fits like a medium, and i normally wear a l-xl...so an exchange will make no difference.  my first kickstarter backing, my last.
btw, i'm in san diego (just posted my comments about receiving my shipment).
got my sweatshirt and my windbreaker today.  i normally fit into a woman's l or xl.  based on their measuring chart, i should have ordered an xl.  i had a feeling i shouldn't trust it, so i ordered xxl figuring that it's often ok for a jacket to be larger but you can't get it smaller, and when traveling, i wear layers.  first, the sweatshirt.  it feels really nice and soft.  the features are fine, a bunch of pockets, no wow-factor for the price, but ok.  the neck pillow inflated fine and stayed inflated (blow into it, zip the cover) and deflated fine.  i'll only be able to wear a tshirt under it and not a sweater or heavier shirt.  the windbreaker, however, is ridiculous.  remember i would have needed an xl at most from any other manufacturer, and these are xxl.  i can get into it, but i can't move my arms, and i can't zipper it because it won't close.  the material feels pretty nice, the quality seems pretty good.  the gloves? forget it.  they don't even go up to my wrist.  they're labeled a size m (for xxl jackets?).  i wear the so-called "magic gloves" often that expand in size and never have a problem fitting into those.  these seem modeled on that concept, but they don't fit. now all these months and false promises later, i'm just pissed that i not only can't wear it, but i'll have to wait 2-3 weeks for them to tell me i have to pay shipping both ways.  i've not seen a single statement by them that maybe, just  maybe, there is a manufacturing or sizing error possible.  they want us to be responsible for their errors.  i can only imagine what it's going to cost now for them to make it right.
going on holiday for 3 weeks next thursday... doubt i'll recieve it before then, maybe sometime in 2018... nice one baubax, can't i just go to your hk warehouse and collect it myself as i life in hong kong?
@kat &@owen i'm 29 and go with my two brothers to see all of pixar's movies when they come out. make a point to ride our motorcycles to really throw people for a loop.
got my bomber here in germany. the only problem is that the company bb outsourced the delivery to forgot(!) to attach the bill and other important information thus custom seized the package. stupid me was on vacation and only now did i get the information about custom and that i had to personally go there. now the deadline is over and my jacket is send back. trying to contact bb and see what can be done.
@chris: no tracking info, or random delivery, here in calgary.
southern california got tracking today ordered 1 blazer 1 bomber shipping from nv through usps
anyone in canada get a tracking number yet?
@kat: you don't need to have a kid, or be looking after a kid, to go enjoy those movies. i still watch them and i'm a single 28 year old male.
i think the best part of all of this is the experience they boast having. the experience that would keep them from having any issues getting product in country, promptly delivered, and to ensure accurate, and often updates on goings on. now they use being a new company, with no experience, and no knowledge of these processes as an excuse.  so they either have a: tons of experience and know how, and have simply been beset by a unforeseeable chain of events that led to legitimate delays.  or b: they were dishonest, or exaggerated the qualifications and abilities of the people they have to earn our trust, knowing ahead of time they would not be able to fulfill the promises they made.  if it's option a, which is unlikely i believe, what a terrible string of luck. option b, what a bold way to try and operate as a business. and not sustainable at all.
received 2 bomber jackets in so cal today! anybody know how to inflate the neck pillow.  i can blow into it and fill it up but there doesn't seem to be any way of keeping the air in, it just collapses as soon as i stop blowing.
m.a.  yep, that's the one!  i miss my daughter being little for a myriad of mainly obvious reasons but missing out on all the new animated films, particularly pixar, is one i hadn't thought of until now.
@joe,  omg. the tiny arm t-rex!   hahahahaha!  i'd forgotten about him!
@kat the animation is [up]
i too have made a compliant with the bbb it is really easy.  lets make sure they know how we really feel about them.  the time for posting comments is over.  it is time for decisive action.
i "think" it's from meet the robinsons. same one as the t-rex lamenting his tiny arms...
i live in sf and got my shipping notification yesterday ... one blazer and one sweatshirt. it's finally happening!
lol @joe.  what kid's film was that dog from, the one who'd be mid-sentence then... squirrel!
i am backer #70 with only one sweatshirt and i have yet to receive my order.
support team*
i got my xs bomber jacket and it fits well on my body even after wearing a teeshirt and sweatshirt underneath. however, the hood is extremely disappointing because the eye mask that was attached to it does not even cover my eyes. even when i am sitting down the eye mask is too high. my head is already pretty small, about 6 5/8? i even removed the neck pillow from the hood but the result is still disappointing. it irritates me now that even after i receive my jacket, i can't wear it because i might need to send it in for an exchange. what's more, the support time will only reply my email after 2-3 weeks. also, if i were to exchange for a bigger size, i have to pay for 2 way shipping and wait again? sigh...
was just thinking....if your jacket is the wrong size/ color, you might have better luck selling it on ebay and reordering from ebag or somewhere else rather than paying shipping both ways and wondering if it will ever get to you!
goose egg, squat, nada here in central ca.  no tracking number and no product. coming up on the 3rd long flight this year. was hoping to have it to use for one of them.....it will be 105 degrees here before long...!  ah well. there's always next winter.
@chris, thanks! i must have missed those!
they are now advertising on ebag with a shipping day of april 8th! i have yet to receive my tracking and i am on the east coast - backer in the high 3000!!!
i still haven't gotten tracking info for california. any updates?
@jack, there has been 2 comments of people within the last day who said they received a tracking number that originates outside of atlanta so it appears east coast has finally started shipping.
live in sacramento, california.  ordered one bomber.  no tracking info yet.
@baubax, it's been a week since the east coast were supposed to have shipments coming out, there's been no updates and as far as the comments here goes, nobody has received any sort of notification. it's high time for an update on just where you're at with shipping and fulfillment. please send out an update so your backers can be informed. at the very least, it will stop backers from making uninformed claims of incompetency.
so if it's not based on backer number, and people with one sweatshirt got their order before my one bomber.....then i don't see how there's a rhyme or reason to their claim of shipping logistics.  i just feel completely lied to about their claims of shipping and time frames.  i'm waiting for the next excuse.  also if they can't track my order and tell me when it'll be shipped, then how will they know  all orders have been fulfilled?
was told these would ship last week to east coast usa, never received anything, no further updates, no response from baubax, no response from kickstarter.  i've contacted amex request a refund based on the fact that this company scammed me out of $129, i suggest everyone else contact their credit card companies and do the same.  i ordered this in august 2015 and have been led on with lies and empty promises for 6 months.
next, they will blame their delays to next weeks holy week.
for everyone, regarding backer numbers, those typically have no bearing on when you receive your order. typically something like this is based on how complicated your order is to put together at the warehouse. that being said, they could be going to opposite of what they had initially said(that being single jacket orders would all ship before multi-jacket orders) to throw even more curve balls, and frustration at us. but, that is something that they would need to address....probably after five years have passed and people think that it has all come to an end(last person finally getting their rewards).
i saw that one gal in alaska had received her sweatshirt.  i'm wondering what # backer she was and if that had anything to do with her getting her order before me.  at this point, i have tried contacting them through twitter, facebook, and email. i'm in alaska. i am very used to long shipping times. i mail order quite alot. so, for baubax to say be patient and your jacket will ship soon is so frustrating since they can't track my order and tell me when. i feel like we enabled them to start this venture and the thanks we get is a feeble promise of a jacket that i'm beginning to think i will never see. i'm absolutely infuriated by the fact that they immediately sold items on retail before fulfilling the kickstarter's orders. i am still sitting in alaska waiting on an email notification. i'd love to get this jacket as it is still in the 20's here. *sigh*
just received email notice of shipping from support@baubax to be shipped via fedex.  i live in colorado and ordered two bombers.  will update when they arrive.
i'm still sitting in alaska waiting on a delivery notification email for my bomber....   a single bomber...  i don't know how baubax has orchestrated it's shipping logistics but it's a joke.
some of the comments have become the only worthwhile aspect of pledging to this travesty.
@kat, ingenious
crap, another firefly. i swear i'm laser focused. anyway, the "claims" are just absurd....phew, made it...
sorry, i got distracted by the fireflies. as i was saying, the "claims" they make are just
to be fair, i don't think it's a laser they're using to be focused. more like a thousand fireflies. oh look, it's another one!
taking reviews of all aspects of this campaign here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@alex, it just so happens i am crowdfunding a laser repair shop!  we have, collectively, 150 years in manufacturing and our team is ready to go!  all we need is your pledge!  we only have one pledge option, so as not to confuse the process, and that is called, simply, "you're too much! thanks for supporting our laser repair shop!  by selecting this option you are committing to the "surprise!" pledge wherein we will have a monkey flip numbered die in a boggle like device, add up the numbers (after we lure him away with a banana because he's quite viscous), multiply that number by 6 and charge your credit card that amount.  you simply pay the two way shipping to send your laser to our shop where we will repair it and send it back to you at a highly inflated insured value (which may or may not result in customs and duty charges) at some time in the future, though we can't, no, won't say when.
no tracking number and package yet. we ordered 6 bomber jackets t_t
@philip, i was in your camp of thinking until i saw that tom orders are being fulfilled before kickstarter. do you see nothing wrong with that?
can i has jacket now pls hai thanku ;)  - massachusetts
within 24hrs i got my tracking number and my stuff is arriving today.
got my sweatshirt on wednesday here in alaska.  very comfy & fits great.  thank you.  �
you mean the outpour i can count without taking my shoes off?
i think the outpour of positive feedback has trickled into the mechanism and jammed the system @owen
@alex: it needs to be higher powered, and used to fuse the connections that aren't working properly in the brains. so, repair and overhaul shop is where it needs to go.
just another day without a tracking number and no honest update here in southern california
does the laser that they use to be laser focused need a trip to the laser repair shop?
there are a large number of people in se asia that have yet to receive a tracking number. which, considering that half the jackets had been manufactured by the factories and were sitting in the se asia warehouse on 15th january (that is, if you believe baubax) is totally pathetic.
@merliza don't worry, you are not alone. i have yet to receive any tracking number as well. from singapore.
woo! paid my £25 customs charge, now expecting my bomber on monday.
i still have not received anything, no shipment number nothing - canada
received my black bomber. quality is great. worth all the wait.
anyone from the nj/ny received their jackets?
so we've got lots of cash, a few guys in the warehouse that we're likely paying a very low day rate to and each guy can only manage a certain number of parcels per day. if only there was a way of increasing the speed of sending them out!!!
backer 23,475th and still got nothing. the jackets are being shipped out with a very, very, very slow rate. well-played, baubax.
i'm living in singapore and a few of my friends have already received the jacket but i have yet to receive any updates on the delivery.
cool, phillip. if yours comes in 2017 in the wrong size, wrongly invoiced, in a different colour to what you ordered and you have to pay two-way postage to return and then they can't find your returned item and then ignore your follow-up mails, you will of course be a picture of relaxation. as it's crowdfunding...
i was backer #507 and still got no information yet and i'm in oregon. people need to just relax. it'll come when it comes. if you haven't noticed by now, this is what happens with crowd funded projects. you should plan on them taking longer than expected to be delivered and just be happy when you get it or return it if you aren't. they are obviously trying to ship them out as quickly as possible as you can see from the comments below.
@faith hi i'm from philippines and was wondering if you received a tracking number and what did you tell is the postal office?
hi all ! finally i got my 6pack to taiwan tracking# just now!! hope you'll get yours soon.
i didn't get a tracking number or email saying it was shipped but my jackets arrived today and love it.
i'm in az, i ordered a single bomber jacket. no jacket or tracking number yet. i e-mailed them 4 days ago and got a message stating they were shipping and i would get a tracking # soon.  not happy with the communication on this project at all, i should get it about the time the temp is over 100 degrees.
finally received a shipment tracking number yesterday! it's via usps to california (from henderson, nv); expected arrival is saturday. i'll try to post a brief review for bomber and windbreaker jackets once received.
still nothing in taiwan! what time i will receive?
@melissa yes, i was also wondering if cheryl's shipment is supposed to be our first sign that the east coast facility is operational. i sure hope so. i still wish baubax had been more honest/forthcoming about it.
fun fact: this is a split screen of leonidas when i found him - the same month i backed this project, and him tonight. hehehe.  the pockets need to be bigger!  https://www.dropbox.com/s/n1ccy45ktv47mx2/2016-03-17%2017.51.55.jpg…
thanks for sharing, cheryl!  hopefully that does confirm that there are actual shipments from the east coast.  let's see if other people check in on here as well. did someone mention lasers?  leo now recognizes the laser pointer.  if i even pick it up in his sight, he gets in hunting-wiggle-butt position.
@daniel - that depends on your customs, different customs impose taxes on certain items as well as value. for example, where i live, the customs would try to charge anything that is of high value.
we havent received tracking number or package.
still nothing in nj. ordered 1 of everything
haven't received my tracking number yet.... :/
i'm in dallas, tx and received my tracking number today from fedex. the shipment is coming from lithia springs, ga. my order has 1 sweatshirt and 1 bomber.
@peggy that's confirmed to be delayed. see my comment about 6hrs ago. @daniel that's to say, it's your government to have you paid the duties/taxes. it depends on how much the declaration on their package to pay the duty or not. for instance, here in taiwan we don't need to pay any tax when the package value is under 100usd. so, take it easy.
i have two blazers on the way to the dallas area.  according to fedex they are in fort worth scheduled to be delivered tomorrow. they were originally shipped from the atlanta area so hopefully that means the east coast is ramping up. based on glenda's info below, it would appear that the dallas metroplex is considered both east coast and west coast.
we havent received tracking number or package.
@andrew: really?!?  i don't know how i missed that!  they should have made it more prominent possibly & then i would have first looked into the additional cost before placing the order.  the whole point is that we are supposed to be buying a quality item at a discount, but now, by the time things are rectified, the discount will have been lost!
don't you suppose to ship all international orders by march 12th? i haven't received my tracking number.
@daniel they did say you would have to pay the taxes it coming in. it's on the main campaign page.
hi all i received my blue size small bomber last week (live inlondon, uk), after getting a surprise letter stating that i had to pay £29 import duty tax.   (ive bought loads from ebay where its come from hong kong & never paid import duty before)! was this actually stated anywhere in the campaign that this additional cost would be incurred?  im not very happy about that in the slightest, especially as i will need to return it for the next size up!  normally, when you buy i coat in your size, it is made slightly bigger to account for the fact that you will be wearing something underneath, but here it feels like the cut is like its a t-shirt!! & the actual blue is not too my liking either... for the cost, i am very disappointed & now that i will have to pay extra to send it back & undoubtedly more import duty tax, its not going to be worthwhile at all & for the money, i very probably could have bought something i much prefer!!  lesson learnt - dont buy clothes through  crowdfunding websites... why couldnt they have shipped them in bulk to europe & used a central distributor?  answer, because they want as big a profit margin as possible!  well, this experience has put me off the brand for good! no idea if anyone agrees with any of what i have written but i hope that in the end, we all get something that we are pleased & happy to wear, however long that takes...
i'm in macau , and didn't receive any delivery info yet. could you help to check?
just got mine from melbourne. the quality of my sweatshirt seems good i love it. i got a tracking on last monday. thanks baubax
i forgot to mention that i pledged my reward back in july 24th 2015 and as everyone knows. it doesn't mean anything as they seem to be shipping them at random and as available.
i'm in downtown dallas texas and got my tracking number today. no expected delivery of package yet from fedex. i ordered 2 blazers and the tracking says picked up from henderson nv.
@jose romero  i've got my 2-pack of different jackets. mt.view
on the east coast... no shipping info... no nothing. ordered on 9/3/15. spring has now sprung, so i hope i have it by october. fingers crossed.
so far so good, i just received my email with my shipping confirmation and tracking number.  so i guess things are headed in the right direction.  i'm still not sure when i'm going to the my jackets, but i'll keep my fingers crossed.  i'm in southern arizona.
@jose romero yeah a few people in california have received their jackets i know at least one in norcal did.  however, i don't think they kept with the whole "shipping out single orders first" system they told us. i've seen people in my state who've received their orders (at least 2 jackets) first, iirc.
has anyone in california gotten their jacket? are they still shipping out single jackets first?
step 1. laser focus of cat step 2 (re)tail $$$ step 3 now fat cat
@owen you know, i think that suggestion wins the match u- oh hey, shiny dot!
@alex @john @kaiserkai: or the laser focus is like when you get a laser pointer and play with a cat...easily distracted from whatever they were doing.
maybe it was a typo @john @kaiserkai and they meant a 'later focus'...
i wonder if by "laser focus" they really meant to imply they were going to mess up everything they touched? you know, like a light sabre or something.. lol
ha, kaisekai, the 'laser focus' cracks me up every time!
portland or, no jackets or tracking. i am so sick of this bs! there are people that bought on tom and are now walking around with their jackets, and here we sit with nothing. not at all happy our donations were used to help you make a profit, rather than receiving the promised award! and don't blame the shipping company, you picked them!
you are of course correct alex. and the "laser focus" is not to be forgotten either.
@kaiserkai you forgot to be humbled by the mere outpour of positive feedback. if you like up 'false modesty' in the dictionary, you'll probably find the baubax logo...
just got an email with a tracking number through fed ex. i'm in texas and ordered the sweater and blazer.
here is your answer to all questions : these are not the droids you are looking for. you will love our jackets. deliveries are on schedule. east coast deliveries have of course started. we can sell fridges on the north pole we have 50 years+ combined experience this is the best kickstarter ever. buy more jackets.
when baubax go silent about delivery dates, it's because they are hoping that no one has noticed that they are behind their re-re-re-re-revised schedule.
@rafael - they keep saying (on twitter and in kunhan's reply email below) that east coast is shipping, but no one on these boards, twitter, facebook, or anyplace else i can see has mentioned getting any tracking information or shipment on the east coast. ps @kunhan, thanks for asking for us! shocking to see they actually replied to that specific query (though much less shocking that it was to claim to be "on schedule").
backer #34,933 and i haven't received my jackets yet. i backed for 2 x bomber jackets. in california.
has east coast shipping begun? last update was march 1st.
oh, i was backer #3,211 forgot to add that.
received 1 black women's xl windbreaker 3/12/16 (san francisco) i guess i thought it would fit somewhat more loosely. i am the exact measurements for that size on the size chart but it's a bit tight on my chest, hips and shoulders.. debating waiting for the shipping madness to be over and returning it for a larger size. a instruction diagram with what and where things are would have been helpful, i ended up going to the website. outer material is thicker than expected, though i am concerned that the thin fabric on the ipad pocket will reduce it's useful lifespan, seams seem to be well sewn and zippers all work beautifully.
i am trying to contact baubax about my order. the last pertinent update i received was on march 1st stating "east coast: we still have 2 more shipments/containers in transit to east coast warehouse. shipping will begin early next week. sorry for the delay." their support email address is coming back as not in service. i'm feeling a little concerned about my order. does anyone have a contact other than support@baubax.com?
southern california for a single bomber order. no tracking number yet. i see people getting multiple jackets and i'm backer 9000+. this is frustrating especially since it's mid to high 80s now.
received fedex tracking for norcal, bomber and windbreaker order. hope the quality is worth the wait and the price, i'll take the logo off of mine though. refuse to advertise for them after this experience.
finally received my tracking number here in phoenix, arizona!
waiting on a bloody letter from parcelforce about my customs charges. why they couldn't email me so i could pay today instead of at least tomorrow i don't know. maybe they wanted to add more admin to the situation so they could charge me more admin fees on top of the duty. it has been in the same county as me for 12 hours, they could have delivered it today if they had just emailed me the information.
it's ironic that the supposed purpose of the claimed trial run was to "evaluate the services offered by the carriers". and supposedly if you believe them, after adding this extra step they end up choosing a carrier that has made a total screw-up of their job.
why are you guys not responding to emails?
still nothing! what is taking so long?
@kunhan: fair enough. it would be rather redundant to do so, even unknowingly.
@owen interestingly, my english name is also john. xd if i don't scroll down to see who john is, i thought you're calling me for twice. (just kidding)
i have my jacket. navy blue and awesome! alas, i have already lost my pen somewhere. is there somewhere we can buy replacement pens, etc?
received my bomber today! i'm really pleased with the quality and it was a good fit! i wish the neck pillow was actually attached (can't wear the bomber with the pillow stored inside the hood as it obstructs full coverage of my head) but this is just a minor concern. thanks baubax!
i'm in california but no tracking number yet.
@john and kunhan: lets see if they give us an update here, you know, a quick one along the lines of: hi everyone, sorry for even more delays, we had to resolve the screw up where we didn't ensure that the shipment company was putting the wrong value on shipments causing most of our backers to have to pay a lot more than they should ever have had need to. in hindsight, we should have checked on it early to make sure they were being sent out properly, but we didn't think ahead about it. as for the us east backers, stuff is "going" out of the warehouse, you should be getting notification in the next 400hours. here's a coupon to buy more jackets from us!
did not receive my tracking number yet... still waiting...
@kunhan thanks for your update, it's certainly doesn't seem like a canned response (which seems to be price's preference i've noticed)- and thanks for checking up on the status of the east coast warehouse for those of us whom that may apply to! now lets see if the shipping notifications start rolling out..
there is some typo though, but i think it's still okay to read through them. haha
hi all this is what i got just now it seems not a canned response. what i send them dear baubax team thx for giving me the kindly response. however, in your update#19, said all the international delivery will be out on mar.12. seems it’s mar. 17 now in taiwan. would you please give us a brief update to let us know what’s delaying our reward? thx a lot!!! also, lots of easterus backers would like to know what happened to their easterus warehouse? joping to get some news soon. thank you! thamk you! thank you! kunhan from taiwan the reply from price hi there, i understand your frustrated and i would be too if i had to wait as long as you have. yes, we did say that we predicted we would be done by the 12th but we had some logistical problem creep up this last week and had to stop shipments for a few days to resolve them (basically the shipment company accidentally quoted the product at a much higher price then they were and people were being asked to pay externally high duties/taxes on them.) we have since resolved the problem but the timetable was pushed back as a result. right now we are looking at the end of this week for our completion date for kickstarter orders (assuming nothing else pops up). as far as the useast orders we have started shipping already and are on schedule. i hope this answers your question and you have a wonderful day. -price
sorely disappointed in the jacket. i feel like a fool having spent this much money on an overrated jacket. the pillow is horrible, not incorporated, the hand warmers do not slide out but hang there misfitted, the gloves are for a barbie dolls hands, hence....if i could return it for a full refund, i would. i waited all this time for this?!! ugh!
gladly received baubax jackets - 1 bomber, 1 sweater, 1 blazer + blanket  :) together :) plus all the goodies (3gloves+3waterbottle) cool :)  lucky ready for my japan trip next friday 25th march 2016 :)  awesome to pair with the spring season :) - singapore backer
deutsche kunden / german customers hallo - wer hat in deutschland für die seine jacke keinen zoll bezahlt? der preis der jacke lag mit 142€ inch versand unter der verzollungsgrenze und sollte daher zollfrei sein. in hamburg kassiert der zoll dennoch 15% zoll. würde mich über kurze erfahrungsberichte freuen. mail bitte an kickstarter@schapp.de
@kat so, if you were curious, it looks like they don't like it when we throw the t&as in their faces on igg.. your posts have gone *poof* yet again.
hello, i got my jacket a few days ago, the dark blue colour looks more dark blue purple. hence, i would like to exchange it. how to proceed? thanks
package received in france, 83 euros of custom fees for a pack of 2 (total pledge 229 usd + 25 usd for shipping).  i won't be able to open it until mid-april, so cannot comment on the stuff yet.  but for that price, i don't believe it will worth the price.
@faith - hi! i'm from cebu too!  how do i know if my package has arrived already? does it update automatically in aftership? my jacket is already in the ph but its been 16 days already and i still haven't got any update. do i just inquire directly in the post office? thanks!
i'm in california and got my tracking number. it doesn't work yet, but i have a tracking number.
@ernst: several people from the western us have received their jackets. as far as i know the rest of north america has not so far. in texas i would think you're in the group that is shipping now. i'm in ga and hope is fading i'll get mine first half of this year.
i'm in texas, ordered 2 jackets, and received a tracking number this morning finally.  looking forward to finally getting something.
yessss today i have an email with tracking number!!!! i live in argentina, then keep calm, the jacket will be arrive!!!!
anyone from california, let alone the us, got their jackets yet (or at least a tracking number)? i still don't have any information regarding the pack of 3 bombers i paid for.
@crow feather: i'd rather not have my name on their site and associated with those clueless idiots from baubax.
hi all, backer 11215 in singapore, i have now received an email saying my order will leave hong kong on the 18th.
i finally got my tracking number!!! and i'm happy because here in australia winters are starting soon!  good timing!
after retuning from leave i found my charcoal sweatshirt waiting on my desk. all there including water bottle, blanket and "those" gloves. not sure if i will ever use them. i am really happy with the quality and fit. well done baubax for producing such a high quality item. the pen and the big valve for the neck pillow are very innovative. would i buy more in the future? that depends on future pricing. i got in as an early bird and that is probably the max i would pay for this in the future. $99 is still prob too much, as it is still only a hoodie, just with lots of pockets. a little instruction graphic would be a nice addition in the future for people that are not familiar with the campaign. something similar you find in items from scottevest. (omg i have mentioned them)  otherwise really happy that i backed this campaign. i did not mind the delays, change in fabric specs and understand that they got overwhelmed by the huge amount of orders. even more surprising that they managed to produce such a high quality items.
backer #41xxx from singapore. 10th march received tracking information from support.baubax 17th march received my single bomber from singpost totally satisfied with this investment. top notch quality without a doubt. the bomber jacket is suitable for autumn/winter climates. definitely not in singapore. one will sweat to death wearing this outside your room/office. nonetheless this is a must have for frequent travellers especially to cold places.
@creator.  east coast? ??.. hey ! hello! remember us?  what's going on????? update? you have a whole huge amount of backers here on the eastcoast in need of an update of some sort.
yes, it's living in the wardrobe until may.
@ steve: given our current temperatures, not in a hurry to wear mine at the moment.
*unclip and store the pen
mine has just arrived. i had received the email from baubax advising of its dispatch on the 10th, but nothing since then. i have been tracking it on aftership though, and was expecting it around now. the value was marked as uss149.20 (i paid usd164 including a blanket and shipping). the description was "apparel". male blue bomber in blue, size m, fits perfectly. located in adelaide, south australia. im very happy with the quality, although i'm not too sure about the fitted half-gloves. i might end up removing them. i will probably never wear the finger tip gloves either. unless i'm travelling i'll i clip and store the pen. my travel wallet has a pen built-in too, so i probably won't need two. overall i'm happy with my reward, and not too distressed about the weight.
from cebu, philippines and just got my jacket from the post (no taxes paid, only postal fee and yes we have to pay to get packages from our postal office here). was a bit bummed out that the gloves included are size small (although i have medium-sized jacket). so far, i was satisfied with the jacket :)
got my bomber jacket today. fits perfectly which was surprising as my wife said i was heavily intoxicated when i was measuring myself lol. looks and fits great. i only wish the ipad pocket were made of the same material as the drink holder (neoprene?) the material just feels cheap and i don't think it will last very long if you carried an ipad in it so i probably won't be using this pocket for its original purpose.the detachable neck pillow also doesn't sit well inside the hood so i'll be leaving this off when i use the jacket other than travelling on planes etc.  overall opinion, it's not bad for my first kickstarter backed project. at least this one delivered even if it was delayed. my wife's other backed projects have hit a wall or run out of money so compared to that i think i got the better deal. maybe if they reduce the price by $40-50 due to the flimsy material for the inside liner that might reflect a fairer price.
oh my god, still no information,  no jackets. my friend will leave hong kong soon.  and she is order the jackets with me.  but you still not shipping our jackets! give me the exact day of delivery!
i know this isn't really anyone's priority, but out of frustration and boredom waiting for my jackets, i noticed that we're all meant to have our names on their "founders family" page on their website. did this actually happen? i couldn't find it anywhere...
hi, anyone from singapore with a female xl bomber jacket interested to swap with a l? i'm pretty sure i followed the measurements but it's still abit tight. so if anyone is interested pls let me know :) thank you
@ jack - absolutely agreed. i'd love to see an east coast update myself. things are really confusing around these parts, and baubax has to realize that the vast majority of people would be ok with the delays if they were just communicated promptly and respectfully. there not being grounds for a lawsuit is no excuse for poor communication.
@olga, you're right, i don't see how this would do well in court. but all the same, it feels really crappy to read about people getting deliveries of multiple jackets, tom orders being received, and here we are sitting on the east coast with nothing. at least baubax can acknowledge the issue. that would be nice.
@ kat - i see people are talking about filing court cases there... i don't know if people will listen to me if they're really out for blood. i understand the frustration but i can't see a case getting anything but thrown out of court. small claims cases have a lot of jurisdictional issues, blah blah, legal mumbo jumbo. i mean there's a reason that the only successful action by a state ag (i am not aware of any private actions that have been successful, i imagine they'd be highly publicized) is for a washington state project that provided nothing, nada, zilch to backers. it seems at this point that everyone will get their jackets, however late. that alone would defeat any contract claim i can think of. :\
@kat - i'll check it out. i hadn't joined because i haven't gotten my jacket yet (nyc). thanks for thinking of me.
@ glenn: exactly. it was necessary to measure for each type of jacket. a sweat shirt is cut differently from a bomber and differently again from a blazer. and that is before gender cuts of items are addressed. the added complication of long fittings adds further complexity.  an example: in men's wear (in australia) traditional trouser sizes went regular, half and quarter. this had nothing to do with incremental steps. size 4 = 32" waist and 30 to 32" inside leg; 4 1/2 = 31" waist and 32"+ inside leg; 4 1/4 =  34" waist and 30" inside leg.  the cut for each varied considerably. this rarely occurs in many stores today, usually just regular or slim fit and alter to suit. tl:dr; backers really needed to measure for each type of jacket backed as cuts vary with style. measuring for one type and assuming that size would fit in all styles would be naïve.
funny thing is both my brother (live in sydney) and my partner (live together with me) got theirs weeks ago.. they did only got the pack of 2 and 3. i'm envious but also frustrated with this situation..
still have not received the email notification nor the tracking number ..not even straight forward reply of the package delivery status so far to sydney, australia for pack of 4 jackets! anyone in sydney ordering pack of 4 and received theirs or got the email? please lemme know which courier they use.
i was backer 22,000 (and change) still haven't received mine here in michigan. :-(
i received my jackets yesterday in melbourne australia. 1 x bomber, 1 x sweatshirt. they have actually been sitting at the post office for the past 2 weeks. the postman failed to leave a card saying they had it. only found out when i received an urgent reminder note to pick it up yesterday. no extra charges for me. really happy with quality and fit. looking forward to being able to use them properly.
44,949 backers on ks and 8,461 backers on igg, a month since the first ship and like they say around 1,700 orders were shipped per day. i wonder why i still not receive the tracking number or the jacket itself.... california -_-
@rolts if you look at the sizing charts you'll see tha, for example, an xl is different waist / chest measurements depending on style.
@olga kogan  are you still checking comments?  i'd love it if you would join the facebook review group.  your opinion, but not legal advice, would be really welcome there.  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
i have not got my 3 jackets in singapore too!
let's do a kickstarter to fix this kickstarter.
hey guys- hope you're hanging in there.  i see bruce is taking a well-deserved break, and rolts has been reading like i have, not really commenting much.  looks like we still haven't had any word from east coast- myself included.  sigh.
here's the lovely vague response i received about where my jacket is..... thanks agent 005 for basically telling me that it'll ship when it ships. agent 005 (baubax) mar 16, 17:36 hi there, thank you for writing to us. our jackets have been shipping out of our warehouses and we have also received confirmation of deliveries by many of our backers. your order will be processed soon and dispatched from our warehouse. we will provide the tracking number and carrier details once your order has been dispatched. thank you for supporting us! -price
these are false excuses and i strongly believe if someone has received their jackets. i am planning to file lawsuit against them. anyone who agrees to me, please join me raising our concerns.
got my bomber jacket , everthing is pretty awesome. i love it, but the eye mask keep fall down when i walikng. does anybody have solution for that?
just got tracking #. san francisco, ca. 2 jackets, same style.
it is very likely, not absolutely certain, but 99% likely that david pierce is going to be penning the wired article slated for the end of the month.  his email address is david_pierce@wired.com  his twitter handle is @pierce
@rolts, thanks.  i wasn't certain if it was one style fitting small and another style fitting large.  that certainly clarifies it for me.  appreciate it.
@kat; if one style was running small and a different style was running large, that would suggest differences between manufacturing plants.  usually, you don't get major size variation out of one plant, you do get minor variations between machinists and cutters, but not to the extent i've seen recorded here. i've seen backers saying bombers were too big and too small. this suggests backers have not measured with sufficient accuracy in some cases. on the other hand others are reporting a good/acceptable fit. hope that clarifies.
@rolts, do you think that them having a separate factory for each type of garment might have something to do with size differentials?  i can't quite wrap my mind around what's going on with the fit issues.  i get everything you said but it seems to be too small and too big are the primary problems.  i didn't think to make a mental note about too small = bomber, too big = sweatshirt or vice-versa as comments came in.  you seem to have been paying more attention to those details.
hello from the uk! i received my jacket today! looks really nice and fits well. yet to use all the feature but i'm excited to try them out.  some fairly hefty import charges but they weren't unexpected.  good luck to everyone still waiting for their jackets - i hope you get them soon!
maybe my threat of going to their office in redmond worked. just got shipping email for my 2 bombers.  for reference i'm in washington.  now lets see how long shipping takes.
@rolts: that is all very true. some of it could also be that they didn't measure, and guessed at what it could possibly be(myself included, because i kept getting side tracked). if it doesn't fit me, i'm not going to pay postage both ways to get a new one, i will just sell it. if it does fit me, and is decent quality, i *may* keep it, or sell it(don't really need 3 blazers after all...and i spent $260 for two and a shop here in town).
@ bruce gilliland: likewise, i've been tracking the comments, but have had nothing constructive to add. i've arrived at the same conclusion; moving away. for what it's worth, the jacket i received fits, and is of the quality i would expect for the funding i provided. it will be useful for my travels.  my final observation is regarding sizing. there seem to be backers finding their jackets too small, too big and just right. (goldilocks and the 3 bears scenario). the jackets can't run small and large. if one style was running small and another style was too big; that would suggest issues with particular materials (allowing a greater amount to avoid seams fraying) or issues with different manufacturers' cutting and/or production techniques.  that doesn't seem to be the case here. those reporting sizing issues, have been backers of sweatshirts and bombers, from my observation. having worked in garment retail for 4 or 5 years (second job), many customers have only an approximate idea of their actual size and few realise that marked sizing on clothing varies substantially from brand to brand. careful measuring ensures correct fit and/or permits clothing to be adjusted as needed. off the hook clothing is not the same as a tailored item in fit or price.
hi all - backer 6704 in the seattle area and just recieved my tracking number (fedex). ordered two bombers - a male and a female. we'll see ...
germany, bomber women xxl red - if someone is interested: https://www.ebay.de/ulk/itm/152013739334
backer 109, on west coast, two of same type of jacket... still no tracking number.  any eta on when all orders will be shipped?
@owen, @raoul, melissa must be new to baubax since she's actually doing her job.
finally got a positive reply from baubax, knowing why i still have not got my order. so i will give them a couple of days starting from now. following is the latest reply from baubax: agent 002 (baubax) mar 16, 10:56 hi eric, we will soon ship out your order. shipping was delayed due to incorrect invoices being generated at our hk warehouse due to which backers had to pay higher customs duty. we have fixed this issue and have resumed shipping from our hk warehouse. we regret the inconvenience. melissa
@raoul: that is much more direct answer than 90% of the people have gotten when contacting support.
@ raoul, thanks for the update. i see it's your first ks campaign.... too bad, probably one of the worst project! @kat, thanks a lot, very helpful for filing a formal complaint.
@emmanuel marot, i am in seattle and am in the same boat buddy. i got this response via email from baubax after emailing them via their support page: "hi raoul, thank you for writing to us. your order has been packed at the warehouse is waiting a pickup from the carrier. we will send an email to you once it has been dispatched from our warehouse. thanks  melissa" so yeah still waiting patiently for the jacket but at this point i am expecting it to show up in the dead of summer and not ready to use again until the fall.
emmanuel marot, i am in seattle and am in the same boat buddy. i got this response via email from baubas after emailing them via their support page: "hi raoul, thank you for writing to us. your order has been packed at the warehouse is waiting a pickup from the carrier. we will send an email to you once it has been dispatched from our warehouse. thanks melissa" so yeah still waiting patiently for the jacket but at this point i am expecting it to show up in the dead of summer and not ready to use again until the fall.
i really begin to wonder if they're really shipping something, and if they'll ever do. i'm backer #1046 in seattle. they said they shipped 1,121 orders from their west coast warehouse 2 weeks ago. yet i haven't received even a shipping notification....
robert lowe  i have not received  my sweater yet. please advised thank you
@michael: yea i know. but 6 months? my point is if all companies on kickstarter start doing this, then who's left in kickstarter? what if i started a kickerstarter project and come up with this "great" product and leave customers waiting for 6 months, or a year... my point is that its unfair. and btw, i've heard from some customers getting refunds after filing complaints through bbb.
@ jan qin, i have posed the same question several times. it sure would be nice to get some feedback. backer 9,178
i have not gotten my jacket yet.  is there a problem in shipping it?
@stanley:  not offering refunds is standard practice on kickstarter.
nov, nope... dec, nope... jan, nope... feb, nope... mar, nope... where's my 10 jackets shipping to bay area california!!! and this company doesn't "allow" refunds? is this even fair to consumers? after paying in september, its been 6 months and i don't even need or want this jacket anymore. but the company is denying my refund...! crazy. wait till other companies do the same...
@matt brown: impossible answer as they never look here. and most likely will get a cookie cutter response if you email them.
did u ship any east coast orders yet? easy question and easy answer
hello, does anyone have any idea of midwest orders? would that be considered west or east coast? thanks!
@kat jking about the igg backer.. i'm mixing up letters now.  and the work day is only half over. :|
@kat no problem! as you said, it is pretty deceptive how they're removing the comments - keeping them so that the poster believe they're still viewable when they really aren't. oh, looks like one of the igg backers (marie conover) is trying to get a hold of you.
oakland, backer number 2546... no information sent (no shipping or anything)
@john,  thanks!  since i can still see all of my comments i will have no idea if they scrub the last one from public view.  i appreciate you keeping an eye on that!
lol @alex.  i'm retired at a young 54.  too much time on my hands?  i was on the warpath when i saw they blocked @megan on twitter.  that was too much for me.  i am a thorn, indeed.
@alex haha, i know, right? @kat i screenshot'd your post(s) so now we have proof should someone not like the t&a being using again them and try and.. make them disappear. without seeing the actual reply, i get the feeling that he doesn't entirely care. but maybe thats just my connotation with "interesting"
baubax should rue the day they ever mistreated you @kat pick your opponents wisely...
i received a reply from michael calore on twitter.  basically "interesting" and "thanks".  he's paying attention at least.  anyone else using twitter might want to shout out to him.  @snackfight
@john, so would i.  i've emailed a complaint.  i've also just posted from their very own terms of use and demanded they release the creators contact information to backers so we can engage them in resolving our collective disputes with them.
@kat i'd like to hear the reasoning behind removing your comments (and the ones very similar/pointing out yours was removed). there were only 2 sectioning in the t&a i could find that might vaguely cover them.* *i didn't really look too hard, so yeah..
ffs.  i reset safari, cleared my cache.  *i* can see all my comments.  all the comments about mine being deleted are now gone.  what a great place for backers indiegogo isn't.
@john.  it's weird.  they're there one minute and gone the next.  maybe two different people with two different views on staff at indiegogo are having an in-fight with one deleting my comments and the other restoring them?  lol!
@kat you had three comments or so on igg and they were deleted. an hour ago you had one comment on igg and i now see that this has also been deleted.
wired contacts, as best as i could find to date: mat honan - senior writer: mhonan@wired.com michael calore - senior editor: twitter handle: @snackfight scott dadich - editor in chief: twitter handle: @sdadich liz stinson - staff writer: liz_stinson@wired.com
@barry @kat so i don't know about you two, but i just went to check to see if barry was right, and i'm not seeing any "negative" comments posted on igg (those along the lines of what kat has been being vocal about - bbb and whatnot).
@kat as a fellow backer who also extremely frustrated with this campaign, i am also waiting for an update, and my two jackets that i backed for. i appreciate anyone's efforts to get information about this company and their actions to honor their promises to us. i myself have been trying to email their support representatives and, despite receiving their typical copy-pasted replies, have been consistently trying to get someone on their end to tell me the truth so i can convey something of value to everyone here. like i said, i like to be an informed consumer of anything i read on the internet. i would've liked to know where you got this information so i can also look into it, make an informed decision, and probably would've also emailed wired about my experiences and urged them to provide the backers perspective in their article. when you announce that wired is going to be publishing an article about a company that we all backed, you made it our business. idk why the source isn't.
anybody from the uk received their jacket yet?
kirsten, not to be rude, but my source is non of your business.  my focus is on providing the most up to date information for backers who are still sitting and waiting for a measly update, let alone the jackets they expected for providing this company with seed money for their startup.  maybe my google skills are just a tad better than yours?
kudos to those filing complaints seeking to reach a solution through valid channels. i also wanted to let you know that you can file a complaint with the federal trade commission. their website is https://www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov/information#crnt&panel1-1. i just did and encourage all of you to do so as well.
@kat you are back and visible on igg...for now.
@kat unless you're infringing on people's privacy, i don't see why it would be a problem to provide your source on this information on the wired article. i like to think i can navigate around google better than the average joe. however, i myself could not find any information on the wired article. i like to be an informed consumer of anything i read on the internet, which is why i asked you for your source.
march 1, shipping out of nevada location - backer # 9,726 - west coast very close to las and nothing!!
@john, thanks for checking.  so my comments original comments are only visible to me?  nice.  i've emailed indiegogo and seems some backers there are repeating what i put in my comments so, that's good.
@kat i just checked too and i don't see your original comment either.
@kirsten, not to be rude, but remember, you're talking to the woman who found hiral's private number.  let's call it superior google skills.
also, for those who haven't seen, facebook group to rate the baubax experience and your jackets if you've received them.  here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ group is open and, unlike baubax, comments will not be edited or deleted.
@kat not to be rude, but if they haven't announced it, how do you know they're writing a favourable article?
kirsten, i've been digging.  nobody has announced it.
on baubax*
@kat where did they announce an upcoming piece of baubax?
oh crud, link:  http://www.wired.com
this is the link to wired's home page.  at the very bottom they list all of their social media.  i haven't found a useful email link yet (other than subscription services) but will post it when i find one. they do facebook, twitter, pinterest, tumblr, instagram and youtube.  i have accounts on two of the three.  may have to really get into social media, the old dog that i am!  lol
alex, would you do me a favour?  have a look on the indiegogo page again and tell me if you can see my comments now?  people posted about them being deleted but i can see them.  is it just me?
i am a backer no 19298, live in macau and still haven't got my tracking number ;(
@kat: got a link to wired? i'll send them a piece of mind on lunch.
i'm from philippines and still haven't got my tracking number. :(
so, this is new:  wired is writing a favourable article about baubax to appear at the end of this month.  baubax is going to be holding another touch of modern sale at the end of the month to coincide with the wired article. i would encourage everyone to email/call/tweet/facebook/whatever-other-social-media wired and suggest they might want to engage campaign backers and those struggling to have faulty/wrong size issues addressed.
enjoy your time outside bruce!  i wish it was that nice here!
@caroline:  you are seeing multiple jackets being shipped primarily from the hong kong warehouse.  according to your profile you are in chicago, and will likely have your jacket shipping from the east coast warehouse.   there are no reports of any jackets shipping from that warehouse yet.  when (if) they do, they will start with the single jackets, and then move into the combinations.
looks like they will meet their goal of distribution by december, problem is that its the wrong year! can we please get a serious and honest update?! the only time i received this many lies was from my ex who just so happened to be cheating on me, so using that same logic, baubax, are you also cheating on me?
didn't they say back in january, "those who placed orders for a single style of jacket(s), such as, one sweatshirt, one bomber, two windbreakers, etc. will receive their jackets before those who have chosen different styles/combinations of jackets in a single order (i.e. a bomber and windbreaker)"? so why am i seeing some people say they are receiving their two items (ie - bomber and sweatshirt) when single styles still have not been delivered?
an update from baubax regarding east coast shipping would be good, though i doubt we'll see anything about it until the containers do arrive and then they'll be like "good news!!! east coast shipping is starting!"
@ owen, @ rolts, @ alex, @kat, @melissa tc (and the kitten), @et al - i just spent a while reviewing the last 24 hours of messages since i was doing other things yesterday. still no notifications of east coast orders. still no "update" from baubax. seeing that there is nothing new i can add at this point, i am taking a sabbatical for a while. until i get an e-mail notifying me of a shipment, or an e-mail about an "update," i am going to give my eyes and my brain a rest. it's in the 70s f here and the sun is shining. i will have more fun working in the yard. bye, y'all g'day, mates
@jumi nope, i'm in nyc, still no word, nothing....nada...zilch.....blech
nyc backer here...has anyone on the east coast received their orders/even an e-mail? baubax - please provide a shipping update that you will actually commit to. in your last update you stated that east coast shipments would be sent out the week of march 7. still no word. 3+ months delay after multiple false assurances and broken promises. unbelievable.
worst idea i ever had: backing baubax.
* * update (us only) * *  - no jackets have been delivered  - no updated shipping information ...and finally... - no refunds (so stop asking)
@mirolhado:  according to baubax's last update, shipping was supposed to start early last week (on march 7th/8th).  there is no evidence from backers that shipping has started.  based on what we've seen from the other warehouses, expect them to take 4-8 weeks to get to all the orders after (if?) they start shipping.
@mirolhado, fellow new englander here. rumor has it that east cost should have started shipping earlier this week.  i have yet to notice anyone from the eastern us confirm a tracking e-mail, but i admit i could have just missed it.  i believe we should get them eventually, perhaps in time for fall.  i've requested confirmation from support@baubax.com, and got the same canned response as everyone else.  i sent a reply back asking for a simple one word reply, "have you started shipping from the east coast usa warehouse? y/n."  i'm expecting that e-mail will be ignored, or get the same identical canned response.
i received mine today. i will provide feedback on the support email. thank you for seeing this project to its completion, baubax.
i live up in massachusetts in the united states.  i kickstarted this project back when kicking for it was the cool thing to do if you know what i mean.  anyways, i'm just looking for an eta here.  i confirmed my address back in december and all that jazz.  if someone official or someone who lives up in the northeast has any ideas, i would love you to throw them my way. thanks.
mine just shipped, just in time for summer! could of really used it this winter... hope it was worth the wait
for backers like me that had the issue of wrong excise duties for shipping mistakes, i confirm that floship (the shipper) is sending around a letter acknowledging their mistake. unfortunately  the custom officers does not accept such type of apologies and is asking to pay the tax as they appear in the shipping document. in my case they amount to 193usd for a jacket that i have paid 129usd. it seems that baubax does not deserve my trust and my backing. i am now struggling to have my money back
anyone had get hands on their jacket in korea. mine had arrived korea on 3 march but untill now its says customs inspection pending and i never received any contacts from the customs by any means.any suggestion on what should i do?
got my 2 pack bomber and blazer. fits perfectly, amazing stuffs. it would be great if we have the manual for all the pockets and stuffs.
just tell me your warehouse address and working hours.  i go to take my jackets by myself.
got my 2 pack here in south korea. male bomber and female sweatshirt, sizes are right, and fit perfect. built in gloves irritates a bit, but not that big problem, but separate gloves are a bit small for me. i like it, thanks.)))
so @kat's comments on indiegogo have disappeared. no freedom of speech in this autocracy (though you are free to say nice things about baubax).
i am a backer no 15404, lived in perth, australia and ordered one red bomber jacket. i got the shipment email from aftership.com on march 11th and just got my jacket today, march 16th. despite of disappointment from poor communication and the delay, i am pretty happy with my bomber jacket. however it was bit confusing finding out the features of the jacket, no instruction, guidance, or so whatever.
backed this project in july and hope to receive my jacket in the uk today. i've had to pay over $40 in customs charges on top of the initial $20 charge.  marvellous! guys, i appreciate that this project was massively over funded and it has been a really steep learning curve for you etc. and for that you have my support and no complaints. i know that i have backed a project rather than bought from an established retailer. however if you can learn one thing from this it should be customer service. you could have done a much better job in keeping us all informed and answering our questions, even if that involved extra cost. reputation is everything.
still waiting for mine. my friends have gotten theirs and i don't even have a tracking number yet. c'mon guys...
i don't understand... if they already sent them off to shipping, why is it taking this long to receive something? i am a very patient person but it has been almost a year.
i thought according to some of the updates received in february that by now the east coast us shipments to the distribution center would have arrived and started shipping by now.
no jacket, no tracking number. hello, baubax, you still there? can you let me know now, if you plan on shipping me my jacket, so i can start demanding a refund?
i live in hong kong - just let me know where is the warehouse and i will go to pick up my jackets. do you guys actually check the comment here and reply to your backers?
backer #18,959 in northern california. still no tracking # - i've pretty much given up hope of ever receiving my sweat shirt and blazer. and unfortunately, based on the reviews from those who have received them so far, it doesn't sound like they're going to be worth the wait. worst. kickstarter. ever.
maybe the campaign meant in time for christmas 2016?
i live about 2 1/2 hours from the baubax hq.  no tracking numbers.  no idea if i'm ever going to receive my jacket.  at this point i'd just like to know what the hell the final outcome is going to be.  i will not be doing business with this company ever again regardless of the final resolution.
i have not yet got my tracking number . will it arrive when will ?
@jay ha! from the profile: "overall, diligent and hardworking professional - seeking career opportunity in which a company will enjoy!" classic todd. what a way with words that guy has.
backer* #3,675
back #3675
fresno, ca. no tracking number, no delivery for single bomber.
ive got my red bomber with the size xl but its to huge for me. anybody with n l size whatever tyoe want to trade? here's my skype id, you can text me there . skype id : are-zam
@olga good to know- it's always good to learn something new! love a comment from fb from jared. "random thought: i wonder if 10yrs from now, we pass someone on the street wearing a baubax jacket, if there will be some sort of head nod or wave. just as a symbol of 'you finally got yours too'." lol- this made my night! with that, i am signing off of the baubax comment page. i've done what i can, now i'm going to forget about it and maybe one day a package will show up on my doorstep. take care all- and peace
even more fun is reading the bio of baubax director of sales and business development: an award-winning, results-driven sales professional with several years of experience in increasing revenue through effective account management, prospecting, training and education, product expertise, new market penetration, and exceptional client relations. outstanding success at building and maintaining relationships with new and existing clients, team members, diverse departments, and national and international sales managers. https://www.linkedin.com/in/ageil…
wow.. our todd-the-canned-answer-man made it to general manager.... https://www.linkedin.com/in/todd-frassetti-2a4a015
bbb resolutions to customer complaints do not set judicial precedents. whether they set a precedent with the company is an internal and ultimately opaque matter. i believe the refund was issued to a customer who did not like that the fabric composition of the sweatshirt was changed. i wouldn't rely on this for similar results in the future. disclaimer: the above is not legal advice nor is it intended to be legal advice. it is just my opinion, though i am an attorney.
any attorney people want to throw their opinion in about the kickstarter customer who received a refund through the complaint they filed with the bbb? does this set some precedent for others who may want a refund?
@alex, i figured it was money well spent to provide the indiegogo crowd with a place to express themselves.  besides... more fabric for my "burn baubax burn" campaign!
@avi.  i wish i could have only spent one dollar.  i think that option wasn't there because the indiegogo thing is for preorders and post kickstarter campaign.  $30 for a crappy piece of flimsy fleece was the least i could pay to comment on the campaign itself.  i couldn't comment there otherwise.  believe me, i tried!
is anyone here interested in speaking with a blogger about their experience? send me a message from the facebook review group if you're up for it.
bbb complaints:  https://www.bbb.org/consumer-complaints/file-a-complaint/get-started washington state ag complaints:  https://fortress.wa.gov/atg/formhandler/ago/complaintform.aspx baubax's address:  15600 redmond way suite 302 redmond, washington 98052 facebook group to review and rate your experience with baubax.  rate jackets if you've received:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@susan scherr, yeah, she tweeted about that but it looks like she was the first and only to get a refund.  anyone following on her heels has been rebuked.
@carol- scroll down on the comments. the links to both the washington bbb and washington state ag's office are on another post from 4/15.
what seems very likely is that the jackets haven't arrived in the east coast facility and, rather than be honest about it, their strategy is to bury this issue to buy themselves some time. pretty pathetic, really.. pretty pathetic, really...we're all adults.
susan can you give me the website where we can file a complain?
after i completed my complaint to the bbb of washington state, i looked at baubax's reports. interesting factoid- according to one complaint, baubax has refunded (through paypal) one kickstarter customer's pledge of $119 as a result of the complaint.
@owen yes indigogo charges the moment you pledge. even if the time on the project hasn't run out.
from what i just read...does indiegogo charge you the moment you pledge?
yeah @kat you sure are a masochist :) buying more kickstarter stuff! giving more money to baubax! i haven't got the stomach for it...
@kat you should know that you don't have to buy a perk on indiegogo to comment on a campaign.  giving them 1 dollar would have sufficed.
@jussijaatinen i just got the blazer and it had 109.2 printed on it.
still no jacket can you please let me know about my order? thanks
@honest buyer and kat. thanks for the info on washington state consumer protection office. i filed my complaint. for anyone else who is willing, here's baubax's address (which you need for the form) 15600 redmond way suite 302 redmond, wa 98052
seattle/burien, wa - no tracking or shipping info received to date.... and i guess i'm not alone from reading through the comments. :\
interesting that they're still claiming "built-in inflatable neck pillow" in their marketing copy to 3rd party retail customers, given that all the reviews i've seen make it pretty clear that was an unfulfilled design promise. i wonder how many returns/complaints they have to look forward to from these other sites.
got my blazer and bomber today in united kingdom. had to pay custom duty of £16 (half of that processing fee). bomber jacket blue is much darker than as shown. happy with blazer as i can wear that when travelling for work.
i have just received my e-mail for tracking information. i live in auckland, new zealand.
@jack and @rony: based on the update i believe they are waiting to have possession of 100% of the jackets to send from the warehouse before they begin shipping. not sure what train of thought that makes sense on but it's not one i can think of. so little of this actually makes sense so far. i am glad they have their customer service reps focused on shipping?
@jon a they are definitely slow.
san francisco, ca here. no tracking number or jacket yet for me either
backer #43773 from mt.view, central california.got shipment notification for windbreaker + sweatshirt + 2 bottles + 2 pairs of gloves. e-mail sent by support@baubax.com. shipping method is fedex. tracking number is not traceable yet.
@rony more like turtle shipping. what i'm not really understanding is what are they waiting for the other shipping containers for, do they actually have 0 stock on the east coast? if they have stock they should really start sending it out and not waiting for everything to arrive.
i've been a pretty quiet backer, but the constant delay for those of us waiting for this east coast warehouse is ridiculous. give us an update please.
nah, @rony, they walked them over to e-bags to sell to other people.
maybe they are "walking" the jackets from west coast to east coast.. i dont understand whats their issue with east coast shipments...
got my tracking. ca, usa
@alexander: that makes me second guess the blazer i ordered...hopefully it's not quite as bad as the picture you just painted in my mind.
alexander, will you please leave a review where it can be easily seen without having to scroll through hundreds of comments?  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
finally received my blazer and sweatshirt in the uk. on reflection - the quality of the blazer is pretty poor - wouldn't want to wear it in public. the sweatshirt on the other hand is ok but overpriced especially as the customs form was incorrectly filled out so paid more in taxes than i should have. the pocket for the ipad seemed a good idea when i bought it but i'm unlikely to ever use it - nor the drink holder. the neck cushion is a pain and i've removed it. the bottles and gloves are also going straight into the bin. so overall - it was a good idea but poorly executed. i got a much better quality item from american giant for a lower price.
@michael chorney.  welp, that is entirely possible.  is it probable?  i'd suggest not.  if they did make enough then why hasn't the east coast warehouse (if it even exists) been in receipt of the product they need to begin shipping?  nope.  those are my six jackets six other people are wearing from the touch of modern sale.
san fransisco, california. still not received any tracking number or my bomber. anyone else northern cali who have not received either?
@kat -- it is highly probable that baubax's production run made significantly more jackets than were pledged for in the kickstarter/indiegogo campaigns.  they were likely anticipating that they would sell their jackets through other retail channels when they planned their production.
this is how seriously determined i am to make sure people know what an appallingly horrible company baubax is in their treatment of their backers/customers.  i pledged on indiegogo today for their crappy blanket just so i can post there.  yes.  i gave these duckers (per siri) more money. that's how stupidly angry i am.  lol
@kat - thanks for the bbb link. i'm going to file a complaint there today.
@honestbuyer,  good for you.  i've filed complaints with both the bbb of western washington state here:  https://www.bbb.org/consumer-complaints/file-a-complaint/get-started and with the washington state attorney general's office here:  https://fortress.wa.gov/atg/formhandler/ago/complaintform.aspx
@kat - this is in part what i wrote price. again, i encourage everyone to file a complaint against a company that is so willing to disregard their promises and representations made to the public. price, hi. i actually find your latest email very disrespectful. number one, i didn't "donate" you anything. i offered you money in exchange for a product. that is a "sale", not a "donation". second, your response shows me how little you care for your initial backers. you seem to have forgotten that, per your kickstarter page, your company wrote, among other things, that kickstarter backers "can be proud of being the first few owners of the baubax jackets". this was written in your first update, which you conveniently now forget. furthermore, your first faq states that: the only way to get one is through our kickstarter page here! people who back the project on kickstarter get to have their very own baubax jackets earlier and save a bunch over the future retail prices ranging from $160-$200. needless to say, neither your kickstarter backers got their jackets "earlier" nor will "save a bunch over the future retail prices", as the jackets have been sold at lower prices elsewhere..
ny backer have not received anything yet!
baubax, if there is a problem with the east coast shipments then please just tell us frankly what is going on.
and it abso-freaking-lutely does contradict what they promised to kickstarter backers.
@honestbuyer, did you reply to price to remind him of the numerous promises they made on kickstarter that backers would have their jackets first and also to remind him that their contract with the buyers is the campaign & whatever they pledge in their updates so that they are, effectively, in breach of contract?
got my bomber yesterday in taipei, taiwan. but the size m is a little tight for me. does anyone have a "l" size bomber in taiwan and want to exchange with mine?
@kat and @michael - that is clearly what they are doing. to that effect, please find the relevant part of an email i received from price today: hi again, selling a product on another platform and delivering ones to backers who donated previously are two completely different things. as a business we are not going to just stop everything after kickstarter and indiegogo. the sales rep is doing her job by selling jackets. that in no way contradicts anything we promised to the kickstarter/indiegogo backers. we have been and continue to deliver the jackets to everyone who has already donated to our company in the funding phase. i guess price forgot to read their faqs and updates, in particular, their first one, which reads in part: "the only way to get one is through our kickstarter page here! people who back the project on kickstarter get to have their very own baubax jackets earlier and save a bunch over the future retail prices ranging from $160-$200." once again, i encourage you to file complaints against them with the washington state attorney general. it doesn't cost you anything, and: 1. we can file enough of them, so the ag can see that there is clearly a problem with baubax, and thus take strong actions against them, and 2. we can potentially discourage other businesses like baubax that are hoping to make money while deceiving customers. 3. warn people that might be thinking of buying a baubax product that they should stay away from them. again, complaints can be filed at https://fortress.wa.gov/atg/formhandler/ago/complaintform.aspx.
will arrive at the same time as the dogwhistle shirt then!
joe stolnicki, nah, i bet dollars to donuts that e-bags orders will go out on time.  just like the touch of modern ones did.
what's hilarious is the "expected" delivery date from ebags is a month away. so, judging from their previous timeline estimates, anyone who orders from ebags should get their jackets around christmas.....
@michael chorney,  i do believe that baubax is selling to retail customers at the expense of kickstarter backers.  why?  because they in no way, shape or form had the time to do a manufacturing run for touch of modern.  they are supplying from the kickstarter funded run.  so, the jacket you, i and everyone else backed for are being supplied to third party retail backers.  someone else is wearing your item right now. (it might look like i'm mad at you with the all caps in places but i'm not - not at all -  just using them for emphasis). reviews... good, bad, ugly, indifferent can be left here.  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
was really hoping to get mine before my next big trip (in 2 week)  but looks like i won't hold my breath.  ugh!  good thing i have my first class hoodie... a kickstarter project that i actually received!
@bruce, yes! also there are known unknowns, there are also unknown unknowns and then there is baubax. it is a known known that they are not willing to let us know what they know.
@trevor reite please print out a dozen pages from this message board and take it with you when you visit them. i have high hopes for the projects i back on kickstarter.  a big part of me hopes you find the people at baubax unaware of how their poor communication has affected the customers, and ultimately their reputation. friend me on fb and i'll chip in for your gas money.
@susan, whilst your effort is noble, they make a point of not answering questions like this. (oh and if unreassuringly "several backers have received their orders", only another 49,000 to go then...!)
received my bomber jacket 2 weeks back and am happy with it. a pity the pillow when deflated, cannot be firmly attached to inside of the hood to prevent it from 'moving around'
@ alex - i could tell you were taking a nice satirical jab at baubax. while your views and mine differ somewhat, i don't disagree with your analysis. whatever they are doing, they don't seem to be "doing the right things the right way for the right reason." by the way, i claim that as an original quote from me (although it's probably not original with me).
just received a reply to an email i sent on 3/15. (oddly, my original email from 3/7 remains unanswered.) "hi susan,  thank you for writing to us. as mentioned in our latest updates on kickstarter, our warehouses are continuously shipping out orders everyday. there are several backers who have already received their orders. unfortunately we do not have the exact shipping date for your order.  we will send an email with the tracking number and carrier details once your order has been dispatched from our warehouse. thanks, don" here is a copy of my reply- "don i appreciate how hard you guys are working to ship out orders. however, there is not a single ks backer who has replied to the ks message board from the east coast who has received their reward. can you give some specific information about when east coast products will be going out? my second request is that your company address specific concerns about touch of modern orders being filled, while ks backers are still waiting for their rewards? even if you guys just say- 'hey we screwed up, we're sorry.' the vague, canned answers are wearing thin the patience and good will of your original seed money backers. some transparency and timely, non canned responses would go a long way to restoring the faith of the customers who have had high hopes and patience for your start up company. i have been one of the non vocal customers- but scrolling through the increasingly angry posts on the ks message board has me concerned for your company reputation. please invest some company time into honest and transparent communication with your original backers. we think we deserve at least this much from you. thank you and peace"
@michael, that's just what i said i thought. "i think they're doing it as sitting on inventory hurts a business but they're probably chaotic and are sending stuff out slow" i think they're prioritising retail insofar as it's quicker to get a batch to retail who handle distribution than wade through their own orders.
@owen:  i am not excusing anything.  i am extremely frustrated with them. @alex:  i personally don't believe that baubax is selling to retail at the expense of kickstarter backers.  i don't think this is like the "coolest cooler" where the creator had a shortage of product.  i could be wrong, though.
ny here also, i'm getting the feeling they are going to run out of money before anyone on the east coast even receives their jackets.
@jay, nope still waiting on a tracking number for my jacket. i'm in ny.
good point @owen. as i've said before, arrogance and incompetence are a toxic mix...
@michael: i won't excuse the logistics issues, considering what they put under risks and challenges(i will copy paste this as many times as necessary): our team is comprised of seasoned entrepreneurs, fashion designers, user experience designers, and supply chain experts with more than 40 years of entrepreneurial and manufacturing experience, so rest assured the jackets will exceed your expectations. we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. we have identified and locked in our manufacturers who will be able to ship within 60 days of successful project funding, so you can enjoy your very own baubax jackets before the winter travel season kicks in.
@ all east coast backers - so far, it does not appear that anyone has received any notices, let alone any jackets, in the eastern u.s. or in canada. they were supposed to have started more than a week ago now. there is clearly a problem, but baubax does not want to admit to yet another delay. michael chorney (below) describes the situation very well.
@michael. nail on the head! i don't think they planned properly, although i can forgive them their logistics disasters (unlike their ludicrously poor communication). @bruce, in the same way as i was joking about the paying for three way shipping, i don't think baubax are getting rich yet and was joking about jacuzzis... that said, these jackets are expensive and i would guess a high margin on them. and so far, so a high level of demand. this could have become a valuable little business if was able to keep its overhead down (reduce the skus for one), improve logistics and grow its customer base properly. i don't think they're selling to retail out of desperation. i think they're doing it as sitting on inventory hurts a business but they're probably chaotic and are sending stuff out slowly. it's likely a scattergun approach without too much forward-planning. the trouble with this case is that the normal rules of business don't apply with crowdfunding, as the source of their seed capital is also their core customer base. i think if they're prioritising retail at our expense, it's poor practice and will hurt their bottom line, though they might not realise it. baubax is like that guy who pledges for your charity run enthusiastically but when it comes to collect the cash, you're met with a look of resentment...
i have yet received the jacket, and no update information from them at all.  i have sent several emails since december, no reply at all.
i suspect the real issue is a logistics problem -- not a "desire to get rich quick". their retail partners are likely handling the packing/shipping for their customers. however, baubax is struggling with throughput on the shipping to its backers.  they clearly have a limited throughput in nevada/hong kong (not sure what the issue is in the east coast).  i suspect they have the product  -- they are just struggling sending it to each of us. i believe it is really easy to sell/ship 10 boxes to a retailer, it is much harder to pack/ship 40k jackets to individual customers. like many kickstarters, they probably left the logistics/shipping issues until the last minute -- and are struggling to work through it. my frustration with baubax has mostly been with the poor communication, and what appears to be horrible planning/project management.
wondering if i can get any response if i just go visit their "office" since they are only 30mins away from me in redmond
i want to ask if anyone in the east coast (new york, boston, philly) have received a shipping order or their jackets yet?
uk backer here, received mine today (mens bomber).  thought i'd share some comments on the shipping etc. for those interested as i've been following this for a few weeks and was unsure along the way... i got an email from baubax 26/02 to confirm shipment and order number. i tracked the shipment daily and it seemed to get stuck in the uk 29/02 (the status awaiting customs clearance didn't change). i finally received a letter from customs 12/03 (sent around 09-10/03) for payment of taxes and i paid online immediately. payment was £26.85 - this being £18.85 vat and £8.00 clearance fee.  the package when delivered appeared to have a declared value of $99.21 (3 items i presume jacket, gloves and water bottle at $33.07 each). shipment cleared for delivery with a stated delivery date of 15/03 and arrived today as stated. first impressions - wow!! quality is superb all round. feel of material inside and out is great.  warm on the inside, looks to be fairly rain resistant on the outside. fit is perfect all round.  sleeve length can be a problem for me and i'm sure i ordered an xlt but it just says xl (fits anyway!). blue - the colour is exactly as i'd hoped when i originally ordered (the recent update pics baubax sent out don't do it justice). neck pillow works great but doesn't appear to be integrated as such (flops around a bit in the hood) - maybe i'm not using it correctly but not an issue either way really it will probably only go on when i need it. integrated sleeve glove things are great.  they do pop out everytime you put the jacket on, which may get annoying for some, but i kind of like it (for now at least!). the extra gloves were too small for me (large) - again not an issue i wouldn't use with the integrated glove/sleeve thing anyway. overall very happy with it.  clearly disappointed at the delay but considering the start-up nature it's something i'd expected to a degree.  in the end though the quality of the end result has blown me away.
@amanda rossman i believe i've seen one person from the seattle area mention receiving their jacket(s).
@ sarah, @ conrad - as i pointed out yesterday, baubax is probably selling jackets at retail in an effort to raise more cash. but i doubt it is to "get rich." they are probably trying to stay afloat. unlike alex and his "project," i doubt the baubax people are eating caviar. if we are lucky, they will get all ks orders out before they collapse.
curious if anyone in the nw, portland or seattle, has received their jackets.
@jussi jaatinen,  i haven't received jackets but from the comments here i have seen declarations on jackets delivered all over the board.  some have been under-valued, some have been declared at triple or more the value, some have been marked sample, others not.  there has been no rhyme or reason to it.
those who have received jackets already: can you tell, what was the printed value and was it marked as sample or commercial product for customs?
and for all those asking where your jacket is.... it's probably here:  http://www.ebags.com/brand/baubax
hello! i'm from spain so i do not have any information about shipment to my country... i supported baubax for 2 bombers.
@sarah i think you nailed it on the head. they really are just trying to maximize the cash flow as quickly as possible. and if that means, what to them is probably, a small number of customers gets left behind then that is simply collateral damage and to be expected on the quest to get rich. i don't think they have a ton of money right now. i do think that is their goal, not saying all businesses don't want to be successful, they are just trying to go from a to c without spending any time at b.
come on over and leave your reviews!  rate your jacket (jackets? jackets?  we don't need no stinking jackets!).  rate your experience.  leave a rant.  commiserate.  and if you are so inclined and think baubax is the cat's meow, you can say that too. https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
i received an inquiry from kickstarter integrity (also canned). not sure what that means, but this all started by initiating a dispute through my credit card company for defective merchandise. i re-iterated my claim, and hopefully it will be processed. at the very least, this has been a different route (with actual response) than emailing support@baubax for a canned response (which i had done and received as well).
switzerland calling....still no update or tracking code or mail or response to anything here either. come on guys....stop feeding us a line and tell us whats really going on!!
hello. karenne tun from singapore. writing in again to ask about my order as i received no response to my query sent last week. a bit disappointed with the lack of followup. would appreciate an update please.
hi, i recieved my blazer today and it looks and fits perfect. i only can't figure out how to attach the neckpillow to the jacket. can anyone help pls. thx a lot
hello, what value is printed in package if i ordered 2 jackets with 294 dollar? my jackets are in customs and i need to know, if you have printed (i hope) a different value for them from paid here.
looks like no one on the usa east coast has received jackets still :(
netherlands here. got my bomber jacket last week. good fit and very comfortable, i'm very happy with the product :)
i just email them, and here's the reply... "hello, thank you for writing to baubax. your request (16137) has been received and is being reviewed by our support staff. we are currently experiencing high email volume, but rest assure our team is working hard to get back to you as soon as possible. if you are writing to us for exchange of size of the jacket received, we will get back to you with the next steps within a couple of weeks. please do not use the products and keep them stored in the shipping box. please make sure the hang-tag on the jacket is not removed and the items are placed in the original polybag, otherwise we will not be able to exchange the items.​ if you have package delivery related issues, please contact the carrier directly to update your contact information and reschedule your package delivery. our support team will respond to your email as soon as possible. to add additional comments, reply to this email. wishing you a great day ahead! team baubax"
received my blazer in norway just over a week ago. very good fit and comfortable! looks like people forget this is not an online store where you put what you like in your shopping basket and get them delivered the next day. it's a crowd funding campaign, not a shop. the estimated times are guesses at best, as it has not been done before. thank you for the blazer i received as a reward for helping you fund this campaign.
me too also...no news about shipment no tracking number, no jacket ...indonesia here... =( please response, it this project is a b***s*** ?? what do we do then ? can we sue the baubax ? im kinda tired waitting...oh..crap
no tracking number and no jacket.. finland here.. :(
baubax in a nutshell. you'll get what we'll give you at a price you didn't pay for at the speed we don't really care to discuss with people we don't want to listen to and it doesn't matter because we're busy working on how to sell more jackets than we know how to people who do it better.
really, touch of modern and now ebags? seriously? baubax sucks. you arrogant and greedy people deserve to rot under this horrible experience. this entire campaign and thousands you've offended will haunt your reputation. kickstarter should also be accountable for allowing such horrible practice.
san fernando ca shipping address, nada tracking yet...
singapore. no jackets, no tracking number, no updates. i think your guys must be getting sick and tired reading the same comments from backers over and over again, but let me tell you that i am also now sick and tired with all of my kickstarter/indiegogo pledges and my newest pledge is not to waste any more time and money on this in the future.
@joe - i'm in sf and i received my jacket.
@joe, my team is busy eating caviar in jacuzzis so i can't accept any dog whistle shirt returns for now. try me again in a month. to advise, to qualify for the return you will be have to delete 15 negative comments about our dog whistle shirts on social media and pay for three-way shipping.
@creator, now that you obviously broke your deadline promise to all international backers! why don't you just be brave, give us an update stating that you are sorry for not being able to fulfill the orders. and provide us your best accurate estimation. stop hiding like a chicken!
hi i've received my jacket but the blanket i've payed form isn't in it.  any ideas on how to get this fixed ?
but, my dog whistle shirt is defective! i can hear the whistle and my dog is ignoring me!
has anyone from the san francisco bay area received their jackets?? just want to see if i should get excited or not..
are you baubax people kidding ?????? one of the first to order and still waiting here !!!! where the hell at the east coast orders ???????
indonesia. no jackets, no tracking number.
please adivse my tracking number. its already 15mar already.
i'm pre-preparing my canned responses for a successful dogwhistle shirt campaign. i think i'll just send everyone this as it covers off all backers' concerns: per our dogwhistle shirt backers requests, we have informed them of dogwhistle shirt shipping timelines per campaign of which we have included that you will receive dogwhistle shirt tracking information once shipped from the warehouse. have a great day! - per larsson
@alex jarman, even though baubax might have a good design of clothing, doesn't mean we have to buy it if this is a shit company. same as the scottevest, i would not buy anything from them either in future.
@h.t. i like your logic but i wouldn't trust baubax to deliver the jackets to ebag. now i think about, thank god we didn't have to give our credit card details to baubax. i wouldn't trust them to look after them either. the only thing i would trust baubax to do is overpromise and underdeliver in everything they do in future.
@alex.  crap.  you're on to me.  i think i'm going to run my burn baubax burn performance art campaign on indiegogo.  i'll donate funds in excess of what my pledge here cost me to a local shelter.  i just can't come up with something as brilliant as your dog whistle shirt.
@h.t.   that's brilliant with a capital b!
@alex jarman, so this is a good news for us backers, you can go ahead and order it from ebags now and for sure getting it sooner. after you receive the original kickstarter order, all you have to do is to return the kickstarter order back to ebag^^
@ kat - yes, i see what you mean. yes, ks will get its money regardless of how well or how poorly, its client projects do.
us east coast backers and thousands of other backers with no jackets can today go on ebags today and: - order eg. a bomber with a 20% discount - get free shipping, so pay $143.20 in total - get free return/full refund if unhappy with the product or it doesn't fit - see the actual product before buying - not have endless hassle and broken pledges - not have money tied up for six months because of baubax, i will never be a kickstarter backer again.
@alex - either them or the customers at ebags or indiegogo...because it certainly doesn't appear that they ever intended to serve their initial customers well. i encourage you to file a complaint as well.
@honestbuyer, did they mean to say 'your order has been manufactured and re-sold to a touch of modern customer?'
baubax was nice enough to send me the following response earlier today: thank you for writing to us. we have received your request for refund but are unable to process your request. your order has already been manufactured and your pledge amount has been invested in our production activities. as a startup firm we have limited funds and it is difficult to provide refunds at this stage of our project. wishing you a great day ahead! -price given the response, i went ahead and filed  a complaint with the washington state ag. it's very easy to do, for those interested. just go to https://fortress.wa.gov/atg/formhandler/ago/complaintform.aspx and you can get it done in 10-15 minutes. hopefully enough of us will file it and motivate the ag to act and baubax to respond.
@kat - no worries! just here to provide boring technical and strictly non-partisan legal commentary. :)
no offence kat but how do i know you're not using it as a chance to rip off my ip and launch a rival dogwhistle shirt with the same state of the art built-in dogwhistle tech and then adding integrated wifi* to it? i'm planning on making history with these shirts... *a router dropped into the other pocket.
@emmanuel - my state has a simple online form that didn't extend beyond proving what i bought and requesting contact information. if you follow @kat's earlier post, you'll see that you can file a complaint in washington state. baubax is now incorporated there (as shown in the link i earlier uploaded), so you can file your own complaint here: https://fortress.wa.gov/atg/formhandler/ago/complaintform.aspx. it's not that difficult. hopefully enough of us will complain so that baubax can understand that there are consequences for mistreating their customers, in particular, those who first trusted them.
i have received my jacket today 15 march. melbourne, australia. no tracking information was sent to me prior. everything is as expected. trying to figure out how the neck pillow inflation works.
thanks again olga!  i apologize for not remembering your name and being too lazy to scroll through the comments to find your previous comment.
lmao alex.  can i get in on this?  i don't mean back you, i'll supply whistles.
uk. no tracking number, email or jacket.  i'm patient, but its wearing thin!!
i thought i would share with you an inspiring story about how baubax have helped me invent a new product. it's the world's best shirt with a built in whistle for calling your dog! i've bought a lot of shirts with buttoned pockets and i've bought a lot of dog whistles. as i write this i've got all my nieces and nephews in my garage putting the whistles into the pockets. it's the only shirt you'll ever need with its cutting edge built-in dogwhistle technology. once i get the stock ready, i won't send any out to customers for a while while i figure out how to get the mutt-shirt (r) into retail but they won't need to worry as it will be coming soon and i've told them april. i mean may. june's cool, right? ok july...august? september has a nice ring to it. right october it is. let's agree november? oh my god it's the perfect dogwhistle shirt christmas gift, just as i planned!
in terms of breach of contract, a contract is generally an exchange for consideration. in this case, consideration is money. it's likely that the contract would be interpreted as "money in exchange for jacket(s)." the promise to deliver here before any other platform is a promise, but i'd probably consider it ancillary (or in support of) the original contract rather than being a key term. the problem of damages, which kat mentioned below, also remains. damages for waiting a long time for delivery are awarded in cases like "i couldn't manufacture my widgets because a key supplier didn't deliver on time. therefore, my business made 10,000 fewer widgets than they made the previous month and i list money." in other words, it would be very difficult to show actual damages in a case like this. additionally, courts very rarely grant punitive (pain and suffering) damages in breach of contract cases. and even if they did, the damages would be nominal and thus almost impossible to litigate. almost no one will go to court for five dollars (unless they're very bored and do not need to earn a living i guess). disclaimer: the above is not legal advice and is not intended to be legal advice. it's just my opinion, though i am an attorney.
i think baubax has repeatedly used the dark arts to maximise its sales and has been hideously evasive on communication. or to put it another less formal way, they have treated us like shit.  but i don't think they have done anything that might imply litigation.
@emmanuel marot   i can't speak for others but mine covered the following:  breach of contract by promising ks backers would be first and then selling and delivering product to third party retail.  copies of screen grabs from ks and indiegogo where backers who also bought on tom stated they received their purchases from tom.  copies of screen grabs from updates here where they promise to deliver to us before any other platform.  i also provided a link to the campaign page and referenced the video where the edit of the magical "built in" neck pillow takes place and cited deliberate deception (since the largest number of gripes i've seen has been with regard to the neck pillow).  i had some personal issues i complained about as well, lack of response to email, blocking me on twitter and facebook.   hope this helps.
@bruce.  i think you misunderstood my post or i didn't make it clear (i do that sometimes), i meant kickstarter makes oodles of money without any risk/responsibility/accountability.
@ kat - i'm not sure baubax has "oodles of money." and i'm pretty sure that the coolest cooler does not have any money, based on an independent article i read recently. both baubax and coolest cooler need additional cash. coolest cooler ran out of money because they priced the ks rewards too low and technical/production problems cost them more than they had. this is one of the main reasons why the coolest cooler has been on amazon for some time (in addition to the fact that they made an agreement with amazon), and why baubax is selling (or taking pre-orders) on other websites. they need the additional cash flow to cover their ks costs. i think baubax stands a better chance of completing their "rewards" than does the coolest cooler. they had to suspend production with thousands of coolers still to be delivered. but i doubt baubax will make "oodles of money." too much negative feeling out there for them to get many follow-up or new sales.
@honestbuyer can you share your complaint? i guess it will have more weight if we all complain about the same facts...
@owen..  i think the mindset looks like.... a ferrari!
i want to say something regarding the ks backers getting theirs first...not to defend them, but probably what their mindset is...but i don't want to give them ideas to use in court if it ever gets taken that far.
@jack yuan, i totally agree.  however, even after the coolest cooler and zano kickstarter still prefers to be a glorified craigslist.  they make oodles of dough while have zero responsibility or accountability to anyone.  however, after some digging and elevating my conversations to a higher up in the kickstarter tree i have determined the following: we don't have a formal contract with anyone but baubax.  and that contract isn't a "contract" as we know it to be.  what forms the contract?  the campaign itself.  the promises made by the creator(s).  so, essentially, since baubax mentioned in three separate updates that kickstarter backers would have their jackets ahead of any other platform (and it's something they repeated on social media and in complaint files to the bbb), they are indeed in breach of their contract to us. what can we do about it?  not much.  a nice woman, who is also an attorney, posted in reply to me some time ago that this isn't likely to be something a lawyer would want to take on.  what damages would be sought?  stress?  aggravation?  some here would suggest that i act like i'm  suffering from ptsd from my dealings with baubax.  then again, probably not because they're cheerleaders and making such a suggestion would give me ammunition against the team they're cheering for.
for those interest, they used to be incorporated in chicago but dissolved their business: http://www.ilsos.gov/corporatellc/corporatellccontroller for those trying to find them, you can find their new corporate info here: https://www.sos.wa.gov/corps/search_detail.aspx… they are now registered in washington state.
@kat - thanks for your post. just filed a complaint with my state's consumer protection agency. given the number of comments placed here, i have plenty to show them.
@ owen - they did say 2-3 weeks, but 34 might be closer to the eventual time. :)
i think it may be a good idea for kickstarter to work into future projects that all kickstarter backer orders need to be fulfilled before retail orders. i mean delays are understandable, but when you don't value the people who gave you the initial capital to get started in the first place...that's just disrespectful.
@bruce.  yeah, alex never replied if he really sent that so i'm assuming he was kibitzing so i had to try and see what happened.  a pre-emptive move in thinking you might have to exchange one or more items is actually brilliant!  by the time you get yours you should be up next in the queue!   @jaime farrant you wouldn't be the first filing a complaint.  most filing with their cc companies are finding it is far too late for a charge back.  there are, however, other avenues you can take which become a matter of public record.  i listed them earlier.
can i go ahead and file a fraud complaint? give the lack of communication, i doubt you are interested in fulfilling orders.
@bruce: please tell me that's a miss-type with it being 2-34 weeks...that's almost an entire year(close enough in my books) from now.
@ kat - i have not gotten my daughter's jacket, or mine or my wife's. i was conducting a preemptive strike.
@ kat - i had planned on sending an e-mail to support@baubax.com just to see what would happen. however, i see that about 4 hours ago, you did that very thing. thanks. the results were what i expected they would be. however, a few days ago, i did send an email to them, asking what i needed to do about my daughter's jacket. (i really think it will be too small. she works out and has more muscles than i do. (: ). i got a canned response within a short time, but it did address their plans, sort of, for exchanges. it said they would notify people in 2-34 weeks about those plans. still not the answer i would like to see.
i also want to be clear... the facebook group to leave reviews is not just for angry/upset/disappointed backers.  it's for everyone.  there are a full range of options in each category;  you can say you love your jacket and you love baubax the company (though i'm not clear why anyone would but that's just me).  all reviews, no matter where they fall on the scale, are welcome. it is an open group.  that mean that group member can add or approve pending requests... not just me.  i'm happy to add on additional admins no matter what their personal view is of baubax provided one rule is followed... no deleting/editing/scrubbing comments or blocking/kicking members (unless they are simply being abusive). https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@violet, it's 20% off not 17%! (form the site: "click save 20% on your order")
@heather  what owen said...x2
@heather: oh, and what @violet just said too. that's another reason to complain.
with ebags having a 17% off your order sale right now, i could just buy a sweatshirt from them for less than what i paid on here. i really feel like a valued backer now.
@heather: the lack of clear communication, the lack of fulfilling backer orders before third party orders, the lack of any ethical business practice, the lack of proper email responses...those are just some off the top of my head.
i love my new jacket and want to order 2 more.  don't know what everyone is complaining about!
for those in the us who feel like they wish to file a complaint or to try to get a refund before these glorified jackets with an attached pillow ship, you can do so via the bbb or the attorney general's office.  here's the link to the ag:  https://fortress.wa.gov/atg/formhandler/ago/complaintform.aspx here's the link to the bbb for west washington state:  https://www.bbb.org/consumer-complaints/file-a-complaint/nature-of-complaint/ i just filed with the ag.  we have a  winter home in california so i was able to use that address to initiate the complaint using that and finalize with with my canadian province and city.  canadians with us property should be able to do it the same way.
you're right @kat but in fairness, i think false advertising doesn't apply to the product itself on the promotion as they are prototypes and this is kickstarter. if they did this initial knowing that the pillow wasn't built in, then that would be unethical but they could get away with it. what is false advertising however is to induce a sale by quoting a retail price that is higher and then to actually sell to retail at a price that is lower.
going to the false advertising theme.... there have been so many comments from people who received their jackets saying that the "built in" neck pillow isn't really built in and is weird and/or is uncomfortable to leave attached to the hood.  so, the "built in" neck pillow became a neck pillow that attached to the hood.  huh.  so, i went back to the campaign page and watched the video.  it wasn't something i picked up on at the time but they very clearly edited their video to make it *appear* that the neck pillow was built in. watch the airplane scene and pay close attention to the woman in the red bomber jacket.  she reaches behind her..... there's the edit..... and a deflated neck pillow magically appears on her shoulders.  that, if not fraudulent or false advertising, was deliberately deceptive in my opinion.
no response from customer services on returns in next few week on returns as they are "laser focused on shipping out jackets to other backers." er, they're not the ones sweating up and down factory stairs... "currently focused on shipping out the jackets from our warehouses". er, or busy flogging jackets to retail channels... imo baubax is a moral vacuum and its communication to its backers shows obfuscation and half-truths that a company that respected its customers wouldn't resort to.
for everyone stating their backer number, as nice as it is that you have one of the lower ones, it actually has no relevance in 99.999999999999999~% of campaigns aside from being a bragging point for when you found out about, and joined, a project. there are very few that ship according to the backer number, this is definitely not one of them.
received mine today and had to pay €38 taxes! plus i'm going to have to return it, its to small at the shoulders
it's monday march 14th on the east coast. still no tracking number.  not banking on getting my blazer in time for my annual corporate meeting in california.  would have been nice to have for the 5 hour flight. sigh
no tracking number in nj. had the sweatshirt. backer 5,500ish of 44,000. come on baubax.
in boston.  no blazer. :(
come on guys!! west coast early backer here. nothing. not a tracking number. no jacket. nothing!
follow up: especially considering some of the 3rd parties have fulfilled ordered before even indiegogo (igg) orders were supposed to be shipped out. igg *should* have been behind us in order of people who received merchandise.. but well.. baubax.
@megan i'm glad to finally meet (see) the famous (infamous?) backer who was blocked over a bot comment! congrats! haha. @alex does point out a valid point - depending on your definition of "retail" baubax has potentially opened themselves up to a lawsuit over false advertising with these string of 3rd party vendors that are popping up (and out items) quickly.
sorry that should read 20% off (so $143 for a bomber).
@alex: false advertising is something that, even here, can lead to court arbitrated instances. hell, when i was going to school to be a chef we were highly discouraged from false advertising(perfect example, eggs benedict - if it doesn't have the shaved truffle on top, then you are falsely advertising the dish, since classically it came with shaved truffle on top) as it could lead to someone suing the restaurant(not many people except for the really snobbish people would do that, but still a valid reason).
postscript: zero chance they will get through the ks and igg orders n the next two and a half weeks.
@megan,  thanks for that, i can give credit where it is due now.  i got blocked right on your heels because i was demanding answers and criticizing them for blocking you.  that was ultimately a stupid move on their part because in blocking people they have no idea what is being said about them and cannot respond in an attempt to turn bad into good.  instead they seem to want to live in an echo chamber where all they hear is how great they are (by themselves and their moms and the few people who actually do think they're great).
so in the latest in a long list of baubax treating their backers like dirt, they're selling to retail. this is morally bankrupt, given they haven't sent out kickstarter orders placed 4 months ago. they're selling the bombers at $179 when they enticed us to sell on the basis that future retail would be $200. in my country that is considered false advertising that is protected by law  and the final insult, you can get a further 30% off as well as free returns and none of the hassle we have had. backers have been used, abused and spat out.
@jay.  lovely.  upside, if there is such a thing, is that if you go to add one to the cart is states items ship april 6.  somehow i doubt very much that baubax will have fulfilled kickstarter backer pledges by then, never mind indiegogo preorders.
someone should really give the edge desk people a heads-up that they don't want to be associated with this company. anyone still invested in reading updates here is probably someone who is disappointed once again by lack of realistic delivery timelines/honest communication/anything approaching an effective customer service plan. (and @kat @john(sabuu) - it was me who got blocked for the bot comment, which was a follow-up to a couple tweets i sent them that went (of course) un-replied to: "it's nice that baubax has someone responding to social, but if you have no concrete info abt where shipping process is, or are not empowered to actually disclose anything you do know, it's ultimately really bad customer service & frustrating.")
i just replied to the email chain they sent back with the canned reply asking since ebags.com has a 4/6/16 ship date, does that mean that a third party vendor will be shipping out before all of the kickstarter backers get them. if it gets to the end of the month and i still do not have a tracking number, i will be putting in for a chargeback from my credit card.
could be they went with what was actually in the email address it was sent from, but honestly 99% of the time, people will respond to the name signed at the bottom(i know i do at work since a lot of the admins have a shorter name signed, or nickname that they prefer).
look!  i just called you owne instead of owen!  maybe baubax would like to hire me on to their comms team!  sorry about that.
@owne,  yeah i found that weird but then my email address has they "hy" in it (because someone else with the same name by my internet provider also uses the same abbreviation i use).  that tells me that they are using some kind of automated system. or not.  who knows?
they are selling now also on ebags.com http://www.ebags.com/brand/baubax…
@kat: not to mention they added the -hy to the end of your name. attention to detail, and reading comprehension, should be worked on on their end.
sent: march 14 @ 9:56  your last update on kickstarter made no mention of the east coast warehouse receiving goods or whether there were still delays. according to your second last update you were to begin shipping from your east coast warehouse by early the week of march 7th, 2016. as of today, march 14, 2016, there has not been one report of anyone in canada or central and eastern us having received a jacket nor notification of shipping. instead of replying with a canned response i would appreciate a direct answer to this direct question: have you begun shipping from your east coast warehouse and if not, when will shipping from your east coast warehouse begin? kat received @ 9:59 hi kathy, thank you for writing to us. as mentioned in our latest updates on kickstarter, our warehouses are continuously shipping out orders everyday. there are several backers who have already received their orders. unfortunately we do not have the exact shipping date for your order. we will send an email with the tracking number and carrier details once your order has been dispatched from our warehouse. thanks, ~anne timestamp noted is indicative of west coast time as received and sent by baubax. so, yeah.  everything and anything is getting the same answer.
@owen, i wish that was the case.  but it took them a week to get back to me which makes it even worse because that would mean someone is actually taking the time to reply with the same canned response rather than an auto-reply bot.
it seems like they turned the auto-reply function on for their support account if almost everyone is getting the same answer.
＠shun yuan hsiang yes, i believe i've seen at least one backer with single jacket in taiwan received his/her reward. but most of us have not yet!! six pack from taiwan...
@alex,  really?  did that really happen?   @john, i can't take credit for that comment as much as i'd like to.  that was said by the first person i noted as being blocked by baubax on twitter.  i wouldn't be surprised, either, though if it really did happen.  i think i'll conduct an experiment.... lol
nothing in western canada so far!
i am super early backer #189 in texas and i have heard or received nothing!!!!
@owen i've been paying special attention to texas backers.. i believe only 1 or 2 have received notification/delivery. approx. 3 more of us have yet to receive anything. as well as someone from seattle, iirc. @alex as much as i'd hope that is a joke, i honestly wouldn't be surprised at this point if that were to happen. ironically, they're giving us very (poorly) automated responses, yet as @kat (i think?) pointed out - bots could do a better job at this point.  talk about the fire truck being on fire, am i right?
the sleeves are a little tight fitting. if i exchange for a larger size, would the sleeves be looser? currently it is rather tight - i am unable to wear 2 layers/long sleeve shirt and put the windbreaker over it.
@andrew: as far as i've seen, that is definitely the most accurate information. i believe i saw one from texas say they had shipping notification(please correct me if i'm wrong), at least 3 in california saying they received the jackets, and i *think* one in arizona(could be wrong on this, but not sure).
email to baubax: dear baubax,  i would like to give each of your staff a gift of million dollars. all you have to do is write back saying 'i accept' and the money is yours. alex response from baubax: dear backer. thank you for writing to us. our jackets have been shipping out of our warehouses and we have also received confirmation of deliveries by many of our backers. your order will be processed soon and dispatched from our warehouse. we will provide the tracking number and carrier details once your order has been dispatched.
any updates on shipments to canada?
i had wishful thinking in that emailing support to ask if east coast jackets were actually going out or are they still delayed but all i got was the canned copy/paste reply: "thank you for writing to us. our jackets have been shipping out of our warehouses and we have also received confirmation of deliveries by many of our backers. your order will be processed soon and dispatched from our warehouse. we will provide the tracking number and carrier details once your order has been dispatched."
@jobert i believe i have seen several west coast backers receive their jackets in the comments. i know i have not seen any east coast backers posting that they had received theirs.
instead of sifting through the big list of comments (us backers): - no new news (west coast/central/east coast....nothing shipping yet) - no updated shipping dates / tracking numbers yet - no...you cannot get a refund **final answer**
anyone in taiwan received your jackets?
getting a little warm outside for a jacket... guess there's always next year!
west coast, usa backer here. anyone in this region receive their's yet? i haven't even been sent a tracking number.
yeah...until i receive a tracking number, or people on the eastern delivery list start getting theirs, i won't trust anything that baubax has to say, since everything they say needs to be taken with a freight ship worth of salt.
...the latest start date for the east coast ...
@ owen - yes, it's been a full week now since they latest start date fro the east coast - and not one word of anyone getting any notifications of shipments. if we don't start seeing some in the next day or so, baubax will have a lot of explaining to do. not that we will get one.
@ mabel - unfortunately, baubax will not issue any refunds. they stated so on the campaign page at the beginning of the campaign last year. the chances are that you will get your jackets - eventually - allowing baubax to say they completed their rewards to backers, however late it is. if you truly don't want your jackets, you might be able to sell them on line, such as on ebay. but i hope you have your husband will get to take other trips in the future, with or without your baubax jackets.
anyone on the east coast, usa receive their tracking# or actual jacket?
just got mine, great stuff, too bad customs wanted 40% on top. i still want to order more jackets
so...i go away from ks for the weekend...and nothing new. doesn't really surprise me.
@mabel, they didn't "state they just ordered recently". your annoyance is understandable but you have totally dreamt that up.
also, why have all these new orders from people overseas been fulfilled already, while the orders for the backers from months ago have yet to be addressed? all the comments i'm seeing are from people from other countries who state that they just ordered recently. however, from the comments section, it doesn't seem like the  majority of the original backers have received their jackets. this is unfair and makes no sense.
is there any way to cancel our contribution to this or get a refund? i pre-ordered this so it could be a christmas gift for my husband and i (the original promised receipt date was nov 2015). the goal was to have it for our trip out of the country in february. the shipping date has been pushed back so many times that i honestly just don't want the product any more. i am incredibly frustrated and just want my money back.
today i finally received both jackets. the fabric and quality seem ok, they're lighter as expected. my kindledx incl protective cover fits in the side pocket! however: both of the bombers are a wrong size: for my co-worker his xxl is too large, and for me the xxxl too small (i ordered a xxxlt, but since chest and waist size is the same, that doesn't matter here): i can barely close the zip. i didn't want to sit down, out of fear that the fabric or zip would tear. both of the bombers will be returned...
@christophe brun : tu penses qu'on va devoir payer les frais de douanes nous aussi ?
@firequang from france, got my tracking number few days ago but still waiting for receiving the product.
@haroon rashid how much did you pay? i am yet to get any information. i ordered one blazer and a bomber. and i am leaving country for three weeks. :\
hello here from singapore, i've ordered a bomber jacket and received it \(^.^)/ exactly as what they have promised~ the bomber jacket met up to my expectation and i'm really thrilled with it~
@firdausrm  if you wish to leave a review on the facebook group, please feel free to do so.  if you like your jacket and the honesty/integrity/responsiveness of baubax, buy another jacket.  choice is yours.   at the review group https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ reviews are aggregated.  you can, at a glance, see how many people love their jackets.  how many people received incorrect or faulty products and whether or not baubax is being responsive to their needs.  here, there are over 8,600 comments.  this is clearly not a place to come to to get an overall view.  unless, of course, you have endless hours on your hands to load and read all the comments.  thanks for your input though!
has anyone in france received theire product ? and did you guys pay any taxes ?
hi, i am still waiting for the 2 jackets to reach me in malaysia. any i still have not receive any tracking email. please let us know what is going on? thanks. regards, kl kwang
@bartels klaas and others from europe (belgium): i got mine! i still had to pay about  € 38 taxes and postal costs (cash!) to the postman. i don't know if that's a lot or not. first impression: good quality, nice features. i got a black sweatshirt size m (female), it fits perfectly and it looks pretty cool too. the touchscreen gloves are 'made in china' poor quality and really rather short at the pulse (and i don't have big hands). i'm not sure if i blow the neck pillow up properly: it unflattens again straight away. and what about the handwarming pockets? i do not feel a difference with any other pockets. but it's not really cold today, so... the hood with the eyemask is funny but useful i suppose. ;-) all in all: good stuff. i'm still quite happy i backed it. i will be able to comment a bit deeper once i've tried it on a bit longer and tested all the features properly. if i'm happy, i might get a bomber as well. good luck to all of you, it will arrive one day.
helll baubax why hello - another week gone and another * nothing * from you guys. and every update from you is about all the supposed hundreds of people that got their jackets and are happy - while all the comments on your site and on your "updates" are full of people that are unhappy and have not got their jackets. hmmmmmmm....now lets see - where does the truth lie?  i can easily accept someone saying "hey we messed up, mea culpa, let us tell you where we really stand" - but this "we are the greatest and all going well" when it clearly isn't is infuriating! we want real updates now regards christina
14-03-2016 : 13h21 france timeline, no email, no tracking, nothing.... thanks baubax.... everything will be shipped by 12 march.... right !! forgot you were a bunch of amateur.
finally received my blue bomber (m, fits perfect). i am from belgium and had to pay 44 eur extra ( 15 eur administration/formalites, 29 vat), but really like the jacket.  test everything like the jacket review https://www.youtube.com/watch… (thanks!) can somebody tell me how to put the blanket back ? details of tracking: 24 febr - sending from hong kong, singapore 4 march - arrival at international exchange office 11 march - manuel registration 12 march - shipment was sorted 14 march - jacket delivered wish to all you got your jacket soon, for me it took 3 weeks from sending.
heelo ...still don't have my jackets??????
hi i m from india received mine very good quality n fit but i had to pay heavy customs...
hi i m from india received mine very good quality n fit but i had to pay heavy customs...
i asked for an address change over the last couple of months and heard nothing from them, is there a customer support email or something?
@kat (related review in fb), i think better to make it simple (since already too many review in here). if you don't like it, just don't buy it again. if you like it please feel free. choice is yours :)
got my bomber on friday, it got stuck in german customs (was wrongly reported as 'delivered' by tracking). decent workmanship, i like the quality and it fits well.   if only the eyemask wouldn't slip down into my eyes when walking with the hood on
backer 6k+ from singapore. still no sight of my two bomber jackets. do you think will arrive before end april? hmmmmmm
@nugroho received jacket about 3 weeks after email notification. got tax about 40% from the invoice :(  indonesia tax is very expensive....
i received my tracking code last friday for blazer + 1 other option jacket. it's currently in transit in hong kong so i'm hoping on next week delivery.  to belgium, and i'm in the 40k backer number so i came in late
quoting from 2 mar update: we’ve shipped over 60% of all international orders from our hong kong warehouses. at this pace we should complete shipping all international orders by march 12th. it's 14 mar today, and i've yet received any tracking number, let alone receiving the jackets themselves! the deadline baubax has set for themselves is a rubber band deadline - it's elastic, they just stretch it further when they need to, and i no longer believe their promises i'm from singapore, and i'm leaving on 18 mar for a holiday and doubt i'll receive it to be used for my trip
@firdausrm. jaket sudah ketrima? berapa lama sampai setelah menerima  email tracking number?apakah kena fee dari bea dan cukai? berapa biaya tebusnya? thanks
leave reviews here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/…
from indonesia received well and satisfy with the quality. i think the final conclusion is, let us be patient and soon will arrive... if you don't like it then don't buy it again. if you like, then please feel free ;) choice is yours.  let's be respectful and considerate
my backer number is less than 10k; i'm in california. still no jackets (2) or any indication that my order is on its way. anyone from the west coast receive their order?
backer no 20k+ frin singapore. no word on any jackets arriving anytime soon :(
backer number 1,180 here from singapore ordered 2 bomber, so far no jacket no tracking not even a single word reply from baubax.. truly disappointed, was hoping to use this jacket for this weekend oversea trip, doesn't seem like the case now.. basket!!
funny how they like to take our money and instead of concentrating on original backers who made it possible for them to grow their business. they keep taking orders, new territory, new orders, new innocent unsuspecting customers. i am close to report fraud on my credit card :-( if i don't hear from them by the end of this month.
"setting up internal processes to ensure better customer support" (from the last update) baubax-speak for automatically sending every backer the same utterly meaningless email.
finally,  i got a reply from baubax. but they just copy and paste the  reply from 2 weeks ago!! ""hi there, thank you for writing to us. our jackets have been shipping out of our warehouses and we have also received confirmation of deliveries by many of our backers. your order will be processed soon and dispatched from our warehouse. we will provide the tracking number and carrier details once your order has been dispatched. thank you for supporting us!  -price"" f_u_ck you baubax!
baubax's response to the better business bureau makes me laugh they wrote "we love our backers" ('we' in capital letters), rather than "we love our backers". great freudian slip - showing how as far as baubax are concerned it's all about them. backers are just an irritation (despite, cough, giving them £10m in capital that seeded their business) when they could be selling more into retail which is obviously what they really care about...
14 march 2016 07:56 am here in malang, indonesia and no jacket, no email, no tracking code...
see how baubax   f_u_c_k __us   up! they don't even bother to update us and say sorry to all the international backers that they can't finish the shipment by the deadline they had set.
yes @morgan. zero contrition, the important info on shipping status incomplete and buried in the update, a soliciation for future sales and an advert for a partner. classic baubax.. also love of blamegame - implicitly blame backers for their jackets not fitiing “if you follow the sizing chart carefully, then the jackets shall fit you just fine. - blame their ignoring emails on the pathetic excuse that they are "laser focused on shipping out jackets" - blame fulfillment partner - blame backers for not completing the survey  - blame everyone but themselves
by the way... anyone else a little upset that baubax thought the last update was an appropriate time to advertise for their friends' kickstarter page? they have strung us along for months now, given us scarce updates, and completed delivery to their retail customers at touch of modern all while the vast majority of us, their first customers, have yet to even receive a tracking number, let alone a physical jacket. they have effectively alienated the community of kickstarter backers who made them what they are today, and, knowing this, they decide it's a good idea to solicit this same group of backers to invest in their friends' product? sorry faux-bax, but we're not that gullible.
order #1597. order just a single windbreaker in west coast. still no item ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
backer 2,406 in sw florida. ordered two sweatshirts- like everyone else on the east coast, nada.
i'll add that to the facebook group @kaiserkai!  fire and brimstone?  nah, i don't believe in hell.  but... may the fleas from a thousand camels infest the armpits of the creators!  was that an 11?   ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
i think we need to implement a scale of disgrunteldness. from the pom-pom wavers (mike kopack) to the fire and brimstone crew (kat) has to be 1 to 11, cuz kat certainly goes to 11.
backer #14,821 from canada ... not impressed so far; nothing seen in the mail....
i'm pretty sure i qualify as west coast, but still waiting for 1 blazer and 1 sweatshirt, or even a tracking number portland or.
backer # 15609 from uk. still no email, no jacket, no mail from parcelforce..
i've finally get my jacket! but, i had to give ~40 eur more for taxes... not cool but that happen some times. from 2 days with it, i can tell that is a good product but not already perfect. for example, the glasses pocket is a little bit to high and tus, not really easy to use. the pocket for the neck pillow is useless and i can't figure it how to put the pillow properly... very very annoying. the eye mask is always dropping and finish to cover my eyes even if i don't need to... very very annoying too. the gloves are a cool and surprising feature, even if there are a little bit to short (they are short to the wrist). so, i'm planning to make some tiny modifications to fix those things and loose the pillow for now. but i'm wondering, how did you miss that? anyway, the jacket seems to be a high quality materials. it looks good and feels good so i can't tell that i'm unhappy! ;-) thank you baubax and i hope you will make something even better next time! :-)
when i backed this in july (backer #2350) the shipping estimate was for november.  no problem; this start-up needed time to actually get their logistics in order for production.  fast forward to march and my patience has grown thin.  updates claim delays to due virtually every imaginable circumstance - and some plain unimaginable.  baubax must be the unluckiest start-up ever, or the most incompetent.  the first few delays seemed understandable, but in the last few months the excuses are starting to sound unbelievable and vague.  chinese new year delayed them?  that wasn't anticipated?  according to an earlier update it was anticipated.  the latest "update" began with a faq directed towards backers wishing to exchange their jackets due to sizing issues or import duties - this gives the impression that many backers have received them.  i doubt this is the case.  besides, once a customer gets their jacket(s), they are now a customer and no longer a backer.  return and exchange instructions would normally be included with the product. this can only be a strategy to dupe backers in to thinking many have been delivered.  the real kicker is the touch of modern sale.  kickstarter (and indigogo) backers were promised their jackets first before retail customers - they funded this whole operation.  yet baubax sells and delivers them to tom before backers?  this is getting beyond ridiculous.  i'll be surprised i receive my november promised jacket by april - just in time for a warm summer.
in march 2, baubax said "west coast: last week we shipped out 1,121 orders from our west coast (nevada) warehouse and 432 have been delivered.in next 72 hours we will be shipping out 5,250 more orders." so let's say 1,700 orders per day, now after 8 working day, must be around 14 thousands orders were shipped. then must be completed 15 to 16 thousands orders in west coast. and i still here, in california, waiting for my tracking mail or my jacket came every 12 hours........
really frustrated that an easy order to montreal has not been received. i dearly hope to receive it soon and that it's good quality. these guys are discouraging me from backing future projects. seems easier to wait until the product is mainstream then we'd get it faster and for much less headache! i wish there would be some consequences for such poor management and communication.
review group for baubax and their jackets: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ leave your honest reviews there.  the good.  the bad.  the ugly.  unlike baubax's facebook page, reviews and comments that are less than flattering will not be deleted.
switzerland here. jacket according to tracking is stuck in customs since feb. 29th, which is weird. now i've received an email from the shipper (floship?) that the customs value has been declared wrongly. the series of errors goes on and on and while i can understand delays, shipping issues etc. what baubax is doing here is just plain amateurial.
received my blazer and sweatshirt two days ago...good quality! i didn't need to pay any fees (germany). i guess they forgot to check so i was lucky ;).
＠ken  baubax never said shipping in backer/order number. they said they'll ship out reward by complexity, which means from the simple(single) one to the complex (multiple) one. although some >1 package has been delivered in hk, but there is still some single one do not reach their destination.
@ken they don't keep to any of their shipping projection times. failure after failure after failure. but they didn't say they would ship by backer number. geography is more important.
my backer number 24,991 (out of 44,949), according to what they said they are shipping in the backer/order number and i should be on the first half? nothing reached my email as of yet. obviously they are not telling the truth, because they said in their march 2nd update that 60% of internal orders had been shipped. i don't mind project being delayed and would understand it, given that you don't play with us and change your schedule from time to time and still can't keep your last promise. never make a promise that you don't intend to keep!
pledged in july '15, paid for the jacket in september '15, have not received the jacket or direct communication on status after 10 months.   i'll believe it when i see it, otherwise this seems like a giant scam.
@bruce *lol* i will keep you informed!
@bruce, ok , ha!
@ alex - thanks, but i was just making a joke about the translation.
@bruce, a euro and a dollar are worth about the same these days so about same price it was bought for inc duties.
@ maike m - good luck with your sale. if you don't mind, let us know how it goes. i am sure others will be doing the same. ps: my browser's ability to translate your language into mine was amazing. it said you were selling your jacket for $10 u.s.? :)
@ alex, @ john ogden, @ all others still waiting - we have seen no real shipping updates since the "update" john ogden quoted below from almost two weeks ago now. so, we really don't know just how many orders are still to be shipped. but from the comments, it's clearly too many unshipped jackets. it's obvious there is some problem with the east coast facility. they should have gotten the jackets almost two weeks ago. so, something is wrong there. that's in addition to the fact that baubax will not tell us what is the problem. the hong kong operation seems strange. they appeared to be doing reasonably well. i wonder if they don't have all the jackets needed to fill the remaining orders. are they waiting on additional jackets from the manufacturers? again, the absence of any updates from baubax makes them fair game for our speculation. for example, have they diverted some jackets from the backer orders to fill the tom orders? did they not order enough extra jackets? they should have planned an extra quantity to handle the exchanges. but i would not be surprised if they did not.
3 kickstarter backers from hong kong of all places report in the last 12 hours still no tracking number, no delivery. yet baubax *claim* jackets have been in he hk warehouse for 2 months. they could communicate about this but instead they obfuscate on this point and manipulatively give the impression of greater volume of jackets going out eg having "i received my jacket and it does not fit me" as the first question in the update of their faq. how about an update that addresses: *how many jackets are still left to send out and the realistic timescales." full transparency, no more obfuscation and half-truths is what backers deserve. instead backers are treated appallingly.
jonathan nguyen, that was me.  i have received my red bomber but have yet to hear about my add on blue bomber.
jakarta, indonesia still waiting for pack of 4.... no information, no tracking number....
@nick: "if the hong kong warehouse has already shipped the kickstarter orders why would they not then be free to start on the indiegogo or retail shipping? so far as you or i know the kickstarter orders have all now departed the hong kong warehouse and are in transit." this was days ago. still a diehard baubax apologist? how many more emails from backers (even those in hong kong) saying they have received no word from baubax will it take for you to see the evidence of your own eyes?  they have shamefully left east coast backers high and dry in their last non-update, backers who live a few miles from the hk warehouse ludicrously still haven't received theirs and yet you think it's ok for them to send to retail??
hello backers, please find below quick updates on shipping. international shipping: we’ve shipped over 60% of all international orders from our hong kong warehouses. at this pace we should complete shipping all international orders by march 12th. all mexico orders will be shipped out of our hong kong warehouses. not to worry! if you haven’t received your tracking numbers, your order has not been shipped. you will receive them soon. north america shipping (us and canada only): west coast: last week we shipped out 1,121 orders from our west coast (nevada) warehouse and 432 have been delivered. in next 72 hours we will be shipping out 5,250 more orders. east coast: we still have 2 more shipments/containers in transit to east coast warehouse. shipping will begin early next week. sorry for the delay. we are humbled by the outpour of positive feedback and encouragement that we’ve received thus far from our backers that have received their jackets. thank you for your patience with us as we continue to ship out your jackets. please continue sending us your feedback to support@baubax.com. we look forward to them to improve our products and create new products for you to better your lifestyles. received the above email 12 days again and still have yet to receive a tracking number or jackets i purchased.  reading about the people who have been able to purchase jackets from a different website is a slap in the face to us backers who are still waiting.  backer 16355
still waiting here in houston, texas for my hoodie and blazer. has anyone in texas received theirs yet? and for those who have received your orders, did anyone order from than 1? why is it that i remember someone mentioning because they ordered more than 1 item they are required to wait longer..
hey guys, made my decission: female bomber red xxl bietet mit: http://www.ebay.de/itm/-/152013739334?
i am from singapore too. no jackets no email. it's already 13 march!!!
the rise and fall of baubax. they should be in the annuls of projects with communication and pr failures in kickstarter. post it online, and future project creators can learn from not only successes but failures of projects so they can avoid such mistakes as much as they can. beats the hell out charging in blindly. @nick you mentioned we should chill and only be worried if they have not delivered after feb. well, we have passed feb and they have yet to deliver, so i guess we should be worried now.
i just lossing my patience for waiting so long from hong kong shipping to hong kong. baubax you collected $300 shipping cost and i wait over 2 months from hong kong ship to hong kong and still no any jackets today!
still no jackets,  no reply and no tracking number. oh my god
agree 100% with lena. i'm ok with everything you said. not fulfilling backers before selling on tom is shady and lame.
has anyone got the jacket in the east coast/pennsylvania?
@lena, people who bought on touch of modern absolutely have been receiving jackets.  two backers here also bought there and mentioned getting the ones from that sale before the ones they backed for.  there are also people on indiegogo reporting receipt of jackets bought on touch of modern ahead of the ones they backed for.  really bad form by baubax. facebook group for reviews/rants/to commiserate:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
i am in singapore and i backed for just 1 bomber, yet i haven't even got confirmation while most others here have got it for more than 1 jacket of more than 1 design.
just chiming in that i'm i seoul and haven't received a tracking number yet.
this is super frustrating. like many of you, i don't have a shipping confirmation, yet. living in idaho i expect mine should be coming from the west coast distribution center. does anyone know if they indicated whether all the west coast orders have shipped, yet? or are they sending those out piecemeal?
i'm still waiting for delivery and have also been quiet on the delay issue. i ordered the bomber jacket and now temps in the 80's in maryland. i want a set date for delivery!! agree with the post below mine.
so i've been pretty quiet on the whole delay issue. delays happen, it's fine; i didn't actually expect to get it on time, in my experience it rarely happens. i don't mind so much. but i just saw that the sale for touch of modern ended on feb. 8, and they were expecting delivery 5-7 weeks from before that date (meaning they're probably receiving their jackets now because "customers" are going to be a lot less forgiving than backers), and here i am still waiting for my jacket. delays are acceptable, even the crappy communication isn't that big of a deal, but getting screwed because they got greedy and started selling before their crowdfunding was fulfilled is just plain shady.
@lisa thanks for the info!  patiently waiting . . .
it's surely lgbt islamic mexican immigrants that deviously intercepted the deliveries that were meant to come from the east coast. if baubax are trump supporters, they can use that line to deflect any criticism from their always-blameless selves. #(dont) make baubax late again.
did someone mention pirates?  blast!!
hi jake- i'm not sure many -if at all anyone- has received their jacket on the east coast. the shipping containers were late- as mentioned in the most recent update.
jacket*
still haven't received a tracking number for my jacking, and im on the east coast of us. getting kinda worried that i wont ever receive it
got my bomber jacket (women's l, black) today and it looks great! love the style. there are a few loose threads, but it's otherwise much better quality than i expected. shame about the lack of communication. re: inflating the neck pillow - just blow into the large hole. it looks big, but just blow into it and it'll inflate. to let the air out, just press down on the area where you blew.
toni - i'm in seattle and it just arrived today. the ups tracking info said it was supposed to be delivered on wednesday... for everyone else, i ordered a ladies size medium sweatshirt and it fits perfectly, but i usually wear a size small in every other item of clothing. so, it's running really small. so much for being able to layer over bulky clothes.
anyone in seattle receive their jacket yet?
okay, i just have to share because i'm really stoked about this.  after i swore i would never back another kickstarter campaign i found this:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/159974695/calamityware-bowls-and-small-plates so, yeah, i backed it.  i also went to the calamityware website on the 6th  and ordered the plate series 5 - 8 and eight mugs...  http://calamityware.com they arrived yesterday (so fast!) and i just unpacked them and they are brilliant!  i was attracted to the bugs on the plates because, not that long ago, when i had my retail store, i mixed modern with spectacular vintage goods.  one of my suppliers had rub on transfers for glass and porcelain so i would find dainty little teacups at estate sales and put an ant or a beetle or some such thing in the bottom of cups.  they sold like hotcakes.  weird?  yes.  but in an awesome way!
@kat that might be how i make my millions on kickstarer... automated, environmentally friendly, customer service system.
i have received mine in france today
andrew, spot on.  that's why i keep banging on about the lack of humility and the failure to admit mistakes. just once i'd like to read something as : "turns out the two separate distribution centers in the us were a mistake, and our shipment to the east coast distribution center has been delayed due to rain / pirates / heat / cold. we currently do not know when it will arrive. apologies. lesson learned. we will update you on progress as we get it"
@andrew,  i'd put cash down on the boggle game.
@andrew, completely agree.
don't forget they are "laser-focused' on shipping product and "do not pay much mind to social media because they are more focused on getting the product out". oh what's this? response to bbb to justify themselves - see "our social media posts"... reminds me of the story of the banker who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
@alex that is the only thing i can assume they meant. because as far as i can tell a fairly large portion of backers, entire easter us, not a single person has received so much as shipping notification. i still can't figure out why a east and west coast shipping center was necessary. allowing a shipper to pick up all of the us orders from one place and handling the getting it out on their own would of made a ton more sense, to me anyways, but then again i don't have "seasoned entrepreneurs, fashion designers, user experience designers, and supply chain experts with more than 40 years of entrepreneurial and manufacturing experience" to made these types of decisions.
some very good friends of mine backed the coolest! and they are still waiting also. the delay really doesn't bother me. the way they have handled it does. be upfront and honest. the issues creators have, at least to me, is half the fun of kickstarter, especially when they are shared with the backers. @ kat: i wonder how they decide what to copy and paste into responses. my money is either on 20 sided d&d dice, or a boggle game and they are stuck with the sentence no matter how poor the grammar, or how much it might contradict the previous one. obviously zero thought is going into this.
got my jackets but how exactly do you inflate and deflate the neck pillow? when not using it i found the neck pillow pretty heavy sitting inside the hood as well.
@katharine auspost delivered mine i think. i had to actually pick it up from braeside auspost since i wasn't home. didn't received a tracking number. the jacket (bomber) is great quality in my opinion. hope you and the rest you guys get yours very soon. thanks baubax. it's the first kickstart item i've received. now waiting for that luggage... :p
half the non-us jackets were "already sitting in the hong kong warehouse" **2 months ago** if you believe kickstarter. how hard is it to get a jacket from hong kong to hong kong in 2 months, baubax? (for a backer who has paid $20 for the privilege)
come on man! still no any jackets! no tracking number! why i need to wait so long!? my friend also live in hong kong and she receive her jacket “2 weeks” before!!!!!!!! please give me a reason. you such a bad company and no any reason and not respect your backer!
hey @baubax my #bomber has arrived here in poland, great job you guys! need to exchange it for smaller, it's bigger than i thought
still not yet receive the email about shipping status?
received mine in norway a few days ago.
baubax fuzzy self-serving logic. we can say "we have assured our customers that our kickstarter backers and indiegogo supporters would receive their orders before any 3rd party customer would."  so this means in our world once we *start* sending them to kickstarter backers, we are now free to deliver to retail.   they must think we are stupid.
i have received my jacket, thanks guys!
anyone from australia - once the parcel arrived in the country, who delivered it? auspost or a courier company?
i have a silly question, can anyone tell me how to inflate the neck pillow? thanks!
i'm from california, and i only ordered 1 bomber jacket.  still have not received mine yet.  really disappointed in how this campaign is being handled...
finally got mine in jakarta - indonesia!!!! ordered 2 bombers (woman xs red, man s blue) and it fits perfectly for me & hubby. quality is great. in my opinion...it's kickstarter and definately there will be delay since we're investing in the idea-soon-to-be-product...baubax is worth the wait �
speaking of responses, i decided to check on the status of my coolest cooler, which i ordered in august 2014 - and have not received yet. (so you think you have problems because your jacket is a few months late!) i sent them a question about when i might get my cooler. i got a personal response within a matter of a few hours. while the person could not tell me when i would get my cooler, he told me they would let everyone know when their manufacturing resumes (and you think baubax has problems getting things out). they also explained their shipping plans and where my order would fall in the overall shipping plan. at least i did not get a canned answer. and it specifically addressed one of my main questions. the coolest cooler may have problems that even baubax can't match (yet), but they did try to answer my questions. in case you are not familiar with the coolest cooler, they have shipped several thousand coolers, but still have to ship thousands more. and they have had major manufacturing and cost issues that threaten the completion of the project in my opinion.
i'm lol-ing at the horrific mangling of the english language since their response to my complaint and to andrews is exactly the same in places. note their assurance that we will get our orders before any third party customer would. they must live in a bubble of some kind where there is only soothing music and mamas to tell them how wonderful they are all day long. please leave reviews here!  reviews for jackets (for those who have) and for your dealings with the company overall. https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
i feel ya andrew!  this is the response i got to my one and only complaint lodged with the bbb: "we are doing are best and have been giving updates as readily as we can with the information that we have and are in full compliance with the kickstarter terms and conditions they agreed to. (https://www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use…). baubax posts updates on the kickstarter page directly. once this is official posted to the sign all backers who have supported our campaign receive a direct email (per their email on file with their kickstarter account) yes, we have started selling to third parties, however, we have assured our customers that our kickstarter backers and indiegogo supporters would receive their orders before any 3rd party customer would. (as addressed in our latest update on 02/19/2016). to date, this holds true as our kickstarter customers are receiving our jackets (per our social media posts). thank you for your their support and hope that you are pleased with the product upon arrival. team baubax"
interesting andrew. the frequent use of 'per', poor command of english ('caveats' incorrectly used), weak grammar ('we are doing are best') and obfuscation ('we are currently on-schedule with this timeline', which clearly contradicts the previous sentence) have todd's prints all over it, our communictions man par excellence. welcome back old friend...
i've got my sweatshirt! the quality is good, no defects that i can see. synthetic / cotton weave is not quite what i was expecting. headrest is too bulky really to keep in all the time. inbuilt 'gloves' are a bit irritating to push back each time you put it on. feels warm though. i ordered the large but looks like it's slightly too big for me and i probably could have got away with the medium. if someone is looking to potentially swap medium for large in london uk let me know. the sweatshirt is blue.
pretty said the response from their is the only response i've gotten (or seen from anyone) in the last few weeks. the response is like i thought though. in their eyes they are checking all the boxes. how chinese new year was a surprise i don't know, and how was that not taken into account. and how one regions magically can't receive their shipments on time, between trucking services or even the panama canal, by boat, shouldn't add more than a couple of days to the overall time frame to begin deliveries.
i'm curious if any east coast touch of modern customers are receiving their jackets. here is their response on the bbb: we are doing are best and have been giving updates as readily as we can with the information that we have and are in full compliance with the kickstarter terms and conditions they agreed to. (https://www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use…). baubax posts updates on the kickstarter page directly. once this is official posted to the sign all backers who have supported our campaign receive a direct email (per their email on file with their kickstarter account)  unfortunately, we did not meet our initial deadline of the holidays, due to a few caveats; shipping delays per the chinese holidays and customs hold-ups as we are a 1st time company importing into the u.s.a. which has a more thorough inspection process.  with that being said, we have began shipping to both international and north america orders to our customers. this began on 2/16/2016 with international and the week of 02/22/2016 for north america orders. in a recent update provided to our backers on 1/14/2016, we informed backers that orders would begin shipping at the end of 01/2016 - and go through end of 02/2016. we are currently on-schedule with this timeline. along with our latest update provided to our backers on 03/01/2016 regarding additional shipping statuses.
good stuff lester. lucky you weren't on the us east coast. some recent touch of modern customers are receiving their jackets before any us east coast backers.
got my jacket 2 days ago - i'm from sydney, australia. love the jacket so far! tip: stick the silicon gel into your inflatable pillow to keep it dry inside.
there is an irony in you calling yourself 'pessimistic' for this campaign nick and yet repeatedly asserting over the months that jackets are surely on their way at a speed that has never materialised. some would call this optimism.
canberra, australia. ordered 2 bombers (1 male 1 female)... no tracking information yet. haha so much for "all international orders should be shipped by march 12th"
i'm from brisbane australia, no tracking information as of yet.
@ nick, @ megan - i am afraid i have to agree with megan on this one. update 15, jan. 14 - for u.s. orders the jackets are also in transit from our overseas facility and will arrive at our u.s. warehouses (we have both east and west coast facilities) by the end of january. once our u.s. warehouses have the jackets, shipping to u.s. based backers will begin immediately and run through february. update 17 - feb. 22 - after our last update on friday, we've received several requests for shipping address changes....we need to hand over the final order file to our us warehouses no later than this wednesday. so please send your shipping address change request to support@baubax.com before tuesday, february 23rd 11:59 pm pst. any shipping address change requests received after this cutoff date will not be accommodated. me: i interpreted this to mean that they would start shipping u.s. shipments by feb. 29. update 18 - march 1 - east coast: we still have 2 more shipments/containers in transit to east coast warehouse. shipping will begin early next week. sorry for the delay. me; i interpreted this to mean the week of march 7-11. as of this afternoon, friday, march 11, i do not recall seeing anyone from the eastern u.s. saying they have received a notice about shipping. if any have, the numbers are so small as to not cause anyone to report it here. so, i think it is reasonably safe to assume that shipments have not started from the east coast facility. if they have, they have shipped without notifying people first. i will be surprised if we get any word of notifications over the weekend.
@nick wallace - no, shipping to the east coast should have begun between march 6-9 if they were at all to be trusted. according to their update #18 of march 1: "east coast: shipping will begin early next week." not one person has reported receiving a tracking number on the east coast, so that seems like just one more lie. they should really start managing expectations if they want people to be patient, instead of making false promises.
for the millionth time, i'm exposing the obfuscation, self-serving communication and total lack of respect shown (unforgivable, given our status as backers), not the lateness (forgiveable).
reviews, complaints, commiserate: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
the east coast orders as others have pointed out should begin in ernest this coming week having started sometime early this week, a lot of people have reported receiving their jackets without a tracking email so don't be too surprised to have it show up on your doorstep sometime in the next week or two. a lot of people seem to be happy with their jacket from the comments here. in the us it appears from most comments ups handle to the local area then finally delivery done by usps to the door for those wondering. keep in mind there are over 24,000 jackets to be distributed, so try to be patient, they have been updating us more than usual and there will likely be another update in the coming week as well. give it a rest kat, you keep talking about them like they're the bloody fuhrer and anything negative gets you sent to the firing squad. there's already a perfectly good place for reviews that isn't being filtered, you've been using it to try and raise a torch and pitch fork wielding mob for months, right here on kickstarter in fact, the only comment i've seen removed here was one of yours. despite all your advertising and call to arms only 23 have joined you, only 4 complaints to the bbb and i suspect more than one is yours. it would appear the vast majority of people are still nowhere near as concerned as you as evidenced by the total lack of a landslide of people flooding your page. and alex, it's not naivety that drives my comments or thinking, it's a large amount of pesimism coming into the campaign from the beginning and knowing it will undoubtedly be late as it's kickstarter and not being worried about it. it'll happen when it happens and is currently happening.
helena, they know how frustrated backers 4 months on from their original estimate so they have told you exactly when they are sending out the remaining deliveries in their last update. . you can expect it....'soon' word of warning. when baubax in the past have written the word 'soon', it is in the very rarely used second meaning of the word, which is loosely translated by englsh lingustic experts as 'not soon'.
helena: no. according to their updates they are in the process of shipping from the west coast.  that doesn't mean every order has shipped. they've said specifically that single jacket orders go out first, so your multi-jacket one will be later in the queue.  have a little patience. your order should ship in the next week or two.
i'm in california and according to your postings, should have received the two sweatshirts and one windbreaker by now. please advise asap. thank you.
picked up the sweter at the customs in germany today. good quality, nice color, ordered a bigger size as the sweater is better too big than too small. fits well. gloves are certainly too small, but also not required in the plane or for travelling normally. overall fine here.
i received my windbreaker and like it overall but the sizing was wrong. it's snug in the hips and i wouldn't be able to wear layers or a sweater underneath so i need to exchange for a bigger size. from l to xl (actually i ordered an lt as i'm 5'9" but got a l). i am not an xl but according to baubax i am not a l! if anyone has a red women's windbreaker in xl you'd like to trade for a l, please let me know!
@wiggity keep up that positivity, as that has gone down the drain for a lot of people who havent even gotten their tracking numbers yet.
montreal, canada backer here. still no news nor tracking number. as long as my jacket arrives in good condition, well made, and does the job, i will remain patient and happy, as excited as i am.
honestly, jessica.  they don't care.  they see people with concerns and complaints as a thorn in their side.  if you post it on their facebook page they'll just delete it and block you.  they've been busier with deleting comments and blocking backers than they have been at communicating.  if you post it on twitter, they can't delete it but they will likely block you.  a woman (not me) was blocked for tweeting that bots could do a better job at communicating.  post it here, they can't interfere here.  alternatively, or additionally, post it here:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ people who are considering doing business with them deserve to know what they're getting themselves into.  if it were up to baubax there wouldn't be a single negative thing about them on the web.
go on jessica, transparency can only be a good thing (maybe leave out any personal names)
i've been having a very unsavory email interaction with baubax and i am on the edge of posting it online for everyone to see how ridiculous they are being. just a heads up, baubax.
i just received my women's windbreaker blue xl and it runs small. anyone want to buy it from me for the original kickstart price so that i don't have to mess with an exchange? obviously that would be more of a nightmare! it comes with jacket, neck pillow, water bottle and gloves. i have a paypal account that i can send an invoice for payment. i'm in texas in case you were wondering why i got mine already.
i just received my women's windbreaker blue xl and it runs small. anyone want to buy it from me for the original kickstart price so that i don't have to mess with an exchange? obviously that would be more of a nightmare!
andrew, nobax are just like monty pythons "spanish inquisition" which i have taken the liberty to paraphrase below : nobody expects nobax! our chief weapon is arrogance...arrogance and attitude...attitude and arrogance.... our two weapons are arrogance and attitude...and failure to admit mistakes.... our three weapons are arrogance, attitude, and failure to admit mistakes...and an almost fanatical devotion to the pope.... our four...no... amongst our weapons.... amongst our weaponry...are such elements as arrogance, attitude.... i'll come in again.
i've updated the review group to include review options for those who have received their jackets.  maybe the product is great.  maybe the product is meh.  but at least people can have their say and know that, whatever their opinion, baubax cannot discard/delete/scrub it. https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
something has me feeling like they combined the mistakes of the coolest cooler and zano. overly ambitions goals, combined with a huge lack of experience, and a poor understanding of costs. wouldn't surprise me to find out afterwards, that even with all of the money they raised, it wasn't spent well and the sales to other vendors, before all backers received it, is what's keeping them afloat. and as grand as their statements are about their, however minute, successes are, admitting that would not be a possibility. all this has me very glad it is just a jacket. and not something truly important. wouldn't be able to trust them with any more then something that ultimately is a novelty jacket, albeit one that i hope to get a lot of use out of.
after 3 months of delay, finally my baubax jacket is in my hands. everything is ok. i am really impressed with the neck pillow, which really works great!!! sadly, the gloves are too small for me u.u but it's a detail. greetings from chile saludos desde chile
thanks @bruce. i guess it's in there somewhere but no chance i'm going to waste more time looking for it. it does sound like his tone was not one that was reflective of the ceo that you might hope for....@kat, heh, despite my attempted dissection at baubax's handling of its backers, important to retain some humour. it's a poxy jacket company, not a life-or-death situation after all.
@ alex - i did not save his original comments from the comments section. i wrote him sometime in mid-to late august.
australia - received email today direct from baubax,  nothing yet from aftership. thought the content was interesting, pretty much acknowledged jackets being supplied from other platforms. i'm in the usa currently so wont get it for a week or so. "thank you for supporting baubax! we’re happy to let you know that your order no 22454 has been dispatched from our hong kong warehouse. checkout your package details below. remember, if you have supported us on different campaigns/platforms, then your orders will be shipped separately and tracking information will be provided for each order. view tracking details:  tracking number:  detail status: in transit. latest location: hong kong courier: hong kong post courier contact: +852 2921 2222 please note that the expected delivery date is provided by the courier, and is subject to change. for any questions, please contact the courier directly. our team is excited to have shipped your baubax jackets!
omg alex i just choked on my coffee!  best comment out of 8,500!
i received mine and i love it.  completely worth the wait! :d
there are some on here that insist all non-us orders have gone out. anyone giving the benefit of the doubt to baubax is taking naivety to olympic-gold-medal-and-a-parade-in-their-home-town-in-an-open-top-bus-full-of-scantily-dressed-women standard...
facebook group for leaving reviews, comments, gripes and to commiserate... baubax doesn't have a review system set up and cannot be trusted to not delete unflattering reviews should they do so.   i created this group.  it is not affiliated with baubax. https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/ at present this is an open group and i hope it can remain so.  any member can add or approve members.  if you join and see someone waiting to be added, please feel free to do so.
day 1 backer.  i made the strategic error of residing on the east coast. nothing received but updates.
malang, indonesia still waiting for pack of 4.... no information, no tracking number.... -_-'
still nothing here. anyone in sydney ordering pack of 4s received their order? or email?
i got mine and it is great!
seems to be a clear pattern here. they've failed to meet their non-us deadlines and failed to meet their us deadlines (and assume they haven't started sending any east coasters?). it's not so much the endless delays, it's the lack of transparency about them that is a flying kick in the backers' faces. the buck stops with the ceo and shame on him.
burglars.
still nothing in switzerland/france ?
march 12th they said ?!
west coast has been shipping orders for nearly a month.  how has the east coast warehouse not even received their shipments yet?  it does not take this long to move items across the country.
still nothing from vietnam, troi oi §§§
got the jacket! too bad i cant see it for myself..
i've received about a week +. quality is good. the item which i'm don't really like is the black eye shade which always drop down from the hood. other than that, all is good.
what did hiral sanghavi say in the public comment on here, @bruce?
backer from australia. received my bomber jacket :d everything seem to be in working order. the quality jacket, in my opinion, feels and fits me very well. thank you very much.
i am the backer from taiwan and haven't received any tracking information and the jackets. very upset!
i'm backer#44,948 from taiwan and i still not receive any shipping information until now. according to upate#18 said, the final shipping date is 3/12 for international shipping. but i think it have strong possibility to let me disappoint because of previous update is let us feel like fool.
i'd like to received my jacket first, if you don't mind. backer #18,576, request (14694) ,location taiwan.
@creator, please keep in mind that you have promised us not to send out any indiegogo orders until you have 100% fulfilled kickstarter orders. that said you are not allowed to start shipping indiegogo orders on the coming monday!!!!!
oh wow, at the final minute i've finally received my shipping email - nt, australia. hopefully it all arrives okay!
here is another reply from baubax on 3rd march, the wordings are exactly the same! baubax simply copy and paste the letter to send out everytime! agent 005 (baubax) mar 3, 18:28 hi again, we understand your frustration and apologies for the inconvenience. since we have a high volume of orders to be processed it is difficult to provide an exact date when your order will be processed and dispatched from our warehouse. our warehouses are dispatching hundreds of orders daily and we are sure that your order will be processed in a couple of days. we are thankful for your support and will request you to please hold a little more patience and your jacket will be delivered at your doorstep as quickly as we can. thanks, -price
another disappointment from baubax's reply again! that said they have failed again to keep their so-called promise! to international backers! from baubax: we understand your frustration and apologies for the inconvenience. since we have a high volume of orders to be processed it is difficult to provide an exact date when your order will be processed and dispatched from our warehouse. our warehouses are dispatching hundreds of orders daily and we are sure that your order will be processed in a couple of days. we are thankful for your support and will request you to please hold a little more patience and your jacket will be delivered at your doorstep as quickly as we can. thanks, ~anne
i just got the tracking number for my jacket and blanket! i think jackets with blankets will take longer to ship out.
from vancouver, bc here. still no tracking information - 2 windbreakers and blankets
@jack, lucky you, i have yet to receive trackinf info.!!!
got my sweatshirt but it is super small and i am not a big person (wear a size 2 or 4 depending on cut). i would like to exchange it. the neck pillow has a "hook" loop and it broke when i tried to button it to the hood, so i would like to exchange it. trying to get to the website but it isn't loading. :(
o, i have just receive the shipment notification email right after i posted my comment here. i am so excited. can't wait for my parcel to arrive...
hi, i still haven't get any email about shipment, what should i do next? i send 4 message in the past few weeks, but never had a reply at all. hopefully i could get some sort of a reply on here.
still no shipping email confirmation... has the deadline been extended again?
thanks and now i recevied my jacket. seriously it is a nice stuff with all the features, while only that the neck pillow is a bit funny as it is a seperated item but not as shown in the video.
@ kat - now if we could just get baubax to listen to us, we could fix everything for them. :)
hi all, i have a women's black bomber size s that is tight for me. if anyone would like to swap their size m for s, please contact me. located in melbourne, australia. (willing to discuss shipping if interstate/overseas)
@bruce.  i wasn't really serious either bruce.  i was hoping it would come across as playful nudge.  i didn't see the early comments with hiral replying.  i was blissfully oblivious and not at all engaged/enraged/outraged back then.  part of me wants to hunt for those comments but the wise part of me says 'nah, don't do it. one more eyeroll and your eyes might get stuck like that'.  i can well imagine, though. review.... rant.... commiserate......  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
@ kat - no insults intended. just a little "humor" with my rant about the unpreparedness. but congratulations are not necessary. i am not just now "waking up" to the problems of the baubax campaign. i have been pointing out problems for months, even before the campaign ended last summer. very early, there had been some negative comments about the campaign. hiral, the baubax founder, actually responded in the comments section. his comments were, in my opinion,  inappropriate. i sent a direct e-mail to him, pointing out how his comments were unprofessional and that he needed a better pr approach. he actually responded to me. if you recall, when everyone was complaining about the delays and lack of communication, i was raising the issue about the potential for poor quality products. while most jackets seem to be acceptable to backers who have received them, we do see a number of problems. weeks ago, as the first jackets were being received, i questioned whether baubax was prepared to handle the wrong-size jacket exchange. i still do not think they are ready. since the dec. 23 "update," which got a very negative comment from me, my views of baubax have been skeptical. i have said several times in the past that i doubt they have any long-term future. i said a while back that a lawsuit probably would not work because baubax will be bankrupt or closed before it could get to court. i have expressed my concerns and raised issues for a long time, certainly as long as you and alex - if not longer. i just went about it differently, focusing on certain issues that i considered important.
@dawnann as far as we know, the east coast warehouse doesn't have all of their containers yet. delivery to east coast backers will be delayed until we hear of their arrival.
has anyone on the east coast gotten tracking information?
very upsetting to see product on sale in taiwan when original backers still have not received promised merchandise.
@melanie sheridan.  really?  upfront?  selling on a third party retail site and shipping to those buyers before kickstarter backers is "upfront"? transparent is lying about a test run shipment in december?  is it "in line" that this last update makes no mention of the east coast warehouse delay which was supposed to be up and running this week?  i think you must be thinking of a completely different project.
@bruce, i'm not sure if alex and i are to feel insulted by what you said or if we should be congratulating you on waking up to the reality that baubax is a grade b horror show with customer care, shipping logistics and in being completely unprepared for the obvious. reviews/complaints/vents:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
reading through some of the other comments, it seems like a lot of people are upset about the lack of communication from baubax. i get that, but i have had emails from them pretty much every month; just the generic emails that i assume are going to everybody. in my book, that counts as pretty good communication. another project i backed has not communicated once since september. the project creators have apparently vanished off the face of the earth. that is poor communication. and because of that experience, and because of all the nastiness on this comments page, i had started to get worried about baubax, but i got my tracking number last week and the jacket arrived yesterday (all in line with what their last update said for delivery to my part of the globe). and i absolutely love it. i cannot fault it in any way. sure, it took longer than originally promised. they are a start-up. they're making the mistakes all start-ups make, but in full view of all their backers. it's understandable that people are frustrated and pissed off; i am so far beyond pissed off with the other project that has gone dark. so comparatively speaking, baubax has actually been pretty transparent and up front. in my experience.
@ owen - you're right. i went back and read the update again. it is taking 2-3 weeks to get a response. of course, that is bad in itself. 2-3 weeks to get a reply is absurd. but, if they have their plans in place, why not just post them in an update? why? because they probably aren't really ready to handle a flood of wrong-sized and messed up jackets. which was my original point - they are not prepared to deal with all their problems. gee, do i sound like alex and kat?
just received my jacket. it fits perfectly, is well made, and i love it. i forgot about some of the features, like the included microbfibre cloth, so playing around with the jacket discovering all the features was heaps of fun – i will never get tired of inflating the neck pillow in seconds! it's worth the wait, guys (in the southern hemisphere it's just in time for autumn, so the wait has actually worked out quite well for me!).
get mine bombers in mexico ! wonderfull !
just receive email from baubax, unfortunately we do not have the exact shipping date for your order.
2 jackets, los angeles, no delivery, no tracking number, no response to support email.
i'm in canada with single jacket order and still waiting for a tracking number. the processing time is much longer than i thought. please give us a brief update about the shipping status. thanks
so, the email i received from their "customer service" support march 2 - "we are sure that your order will be processed in a couple of days" - has been proven the lie we all knew it to be at the time. as an east coast us resident it does seem depressingly clear there's another delay they're hiding.  as someone whose job touches on areas of customer service, it's beyond me why they are running their shop this way. and all emails go through @support? why not have a few easy web-forms on a simple website to sort the issues and direct them to the proper teams? or even just set up separate complaints@baubax and exchanges@baubax email addresses so they can ignore the one box while working on the second?
i certainly don't understand what baubax's thought process has with shipping.  i ordered a single women's bomber.  i realize i'm in alaska but don't see how that should impact anything since there are orders world wide.  i was in the 20k numbers as a backer....  still patiently waiting....  no tracking number or jacket at this point.  i am extremely disgusted with a company that has not fulfilled the kickstarter orders before selling and sending out orders for retail markets.
i received my sweatshirt today and i'm thrilled with it, totally worth the wait.
in november, i was told to be patient by some people on here, baubax were about to update us and were on track for december, quit complaining. in december, i was told to be patient by some people on here, baubax were about to update us and were on track for january, quit complaining. in january, i was told to be patient by some people on here, baubax were about to update us and were on track for february, quit complaining. in february, i was told to be patient by some people on here, baubax were about to update us and were on track for march, quit complaining. it is obvious from the update that they still are not ready to send out some kickstarter jackets and they are using obfuscation to hide that (obfuscation is their favourite tool). why do some people defend baubax, a private enterprise set up for the profit of its owners, when they have let down and are continuing to let down their backers through neverending poor communication?
i ordered four jackets and i'm at number 20k something and have not received any kind of notification about shipment or anything else. so i guess my jackets are not in the way yet.. i hope they get here before last week of april.. or summer.. i'm patient. my current jacket is just pulling its "last".. i hope that i can get my jacket before it breaks down .. :)
@bruce: i think that 2-3 week additional wait was for every email that is sent in. as in, i could send one today, and then in 2-3 weeks get a reply, you could send one in next week, then 2-3 weeks later get a reply. that's how it read to me at least.
@ kat - yeah. it's bummer. but there appear to be some single jacket folks who have not gotten theirs when others with two or three jackets have gotten theirs. there is no logic or reasonable method to the packing and shipping.
i got my blazer today. it was posted on the 23:rd of february and arrived to me in sweden today, the 10:th of march. i had to pay 356 sek (approx 38 euros) for taxes and service money to the postal office. when there is noting in the pockets the blazer suits me fine but when i have filled the pockets it is too tight. maybe i should have ordered a larger model anyway? my wife approves the blazer at least, i have to be happy with that.
late to the party today. working in the yard since it is 79 degrees f here, so i don't need my jacket, but i still insist on getting it - before i need it. this has been addressed, but it was very obvious in the update late last night that they said nothing about the lack of east coast deliveries. it is obvious that something is wrong, but they won't admit it. another failed schedule. also, they finally acknowledged the exchange issue i have been talking about regularly for several weeks now. maybe they got tired of hearing about it. well, i'm not through. it's going to take them 2-3 more weeks to get things ready. what in the sam hill (you know what i'm really saying here) were they doing all those weeks when the manufacturers were sewing the jackets. they sure weren't putting out updates. at least they have responded to the issue. they are now committed to doing it. let's hope they can and will do it.
i'm with ya @niko.  i backed for 6.  they did not during the campaign say "hey, if you're backing for multiples get to the back of the bus!"  that came long after our pledges were dinged to our credit cards.  if they had said multiple backers will see theirs last... i wouldn't have pledged.  period.  if they had said, "guess what, we're going to sell on a third party retail site and those guys are going to see their product well ahead of a great many kickstarter backers, never mind you peeps backing for multiples!"  i wouldn't have given them a dime.
@niko_suave: from the start they did say that single jacket orders will be shipped first, starting with on style and moving along the lines(it was in one of the updates a while back). this does not however, excuse the lack of proper communication regarding delays. also, jackets aren't like food. you don't buy one, even for winter, and never ever ever wear it again. you wait until the next season to wear it. people saying that "now that it's almost summer, i will never wear this" are really needing to ponder a few things.
i want the baubax team to understand something about my 'pledge': i got these jackets as gifts.  for christmas, originally.  remember, when it was actually winter?  yea, it's not very cold in america anymore.  i've officially gone right past the seasons i would have used these for when the order was placed, and now whenever they of get here, regardless of when that is, they will be sitting in the closet indefinitely. they were going to be christmas gifts, which obviously never happened.  then i was going to give them as travel gifts in january.  nope.  then i was going to gift them to a friends birthday at the beginning of this month. i guess the reoccurring theme here is, i can't trust any of you for sticking to an actual time line.  i am also allegedly having to wait even longer, because i busted my butt hard enough to pledge multiple jackets, while backers who only got one have received theirs or getting them much sooner than i ever will. my birthday is in july.  if i don't have these freaking jackets by then, i will no longer have any interest in wearing them.  because, you know, july is hot in the states. if you guys sent out as many pledges as you did updates for why jackets will not be delivered on time, we might have more than 75% of them delivered by now. feeling very disappointed in the general way my order was handled, then shuffled to the back in leu of smaller orders, and now yet again delayed even further......because, why exactly? signed- -a very discouraged backer of your original campaign
page to leave reviews.... good, bad or ugly. https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
oh, one more thing, i don't know where to put the pocket bottle too.
hi, i am from hong kong and i received my jackets few days ago. i like it very much. thanks guys. but i guess i need a tutorial on how to fold the blanket and put it in the pocket. i have problem with that after unfolding it and don't know how to make it small and tidy. thanks again.
texas - haven't received tracking email or item yet. we are in the 80's now,,, but i guess i can use it for this upcoming winter.
texas - haven't received tracking email or item yet. we are in the 80's now,,, but i guess i can use it for this upcoming winter.
1st place for backers are from the us and the weather in the us is already starting to get warm. by the time we recieve these jackets i'll prob be at least 90 degrees if some areas are not already... i really didnt mind the wait like 2months ago but it would be nice if we would at least get tracking numbers.
still waiting and waiting for my jackets.... getting really frustrated by the "updates" that are not... supposedly 60% of them have been shipped... but of course i am not one of the 60%... can we get a more specific update of when that might actually happen???
oh deary me. can you guys just once admit that maybe you made a mistake? -- no delivery - probably your fault for not filling out the survey -- too small to large -- your fault for not following the instructions -- tom delivery before ks delivery -- not addressed -- east coast delivery -- not addressed but hey, taiwan loves your video and obviously we can buy more jackets. once again, great idea, dilettantism in execution. boisterous claims that fall through, complete lack of humility, scorched earth pr. there are so many things wrong with this campaign.
just another socal backer filled with lots of hope waiting for that email notification that my jackets are on their way. still no word but getting excited to wear it in the 100 degree heat of the upcoming summer! hoping im not disappointed after reading the many negative reviews, fingers crossed x
received my sweatshirt yesterday ... it's fantastic. totally worth the wait (which is easy for me to say, because i didn't purchase it for a specific trip). honestly, better than expected after the hiccups along the way with delivery and communication. great job with the final product!!
@jack. no, you can't have that information because baubax don't want to be candid with their backers. based on endless past communication, where they don't reveal it's good news, it's because they are covering up bad news. therefore the shipments are surely not being send from the east coast yet. a bitter blow, given that they are sending out retail to people who ordered a short time ao. on the plus side, they have a video in taiwan that they want to tell us about..
hello,  i have picked my jacket today from the german custom office. they calculated the price by 159$ plus 20$ shipping. with 179$ you have to pay custom and vat. for 159$ just vat. this makes a difference of 27€. anyone here who have not paid custom fees in germany. would like to hear from you. pls mail me at kickstarter@schapp.de.
anyone from the uk, just got my customs charge and its £90. just a warning.
from texas and have not received any email about tracking number or shipping. are you shipping out items based on order of pledgers? if so, which number are you currently at?
can we please get an update on where the shipments are with the east coast? i still have not received my tracking number and the shipments were slated to arrive this week. can you at least let us know if it has arrived yet?
from toronto here. no email about tracking number, shipping info, etc.
i haven't even looked at the "update" yet but the comments here are telling enough.   since baubax doesn't allow negative reviews or comments to live long on their facebook page there has to be somewhere for people to leave them.  i created the parody site https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/ but i don't think that's good enough.  and, since baubax is less than underwhelming in responding to critics, i have created an open facebook group for people to review their jackets, the after care service and their experiences in dealing with baubax.  feel free to join and leave your reviews here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1581934642123168/
hi everyone! finland here. i just received my jacket in the mail and here is the review of the product. first of all, i was sent a tracking number from support@baubax.com and it was sent out with courier swiss post and the tracking was done by aftership.com. i followed the tracking from three locations: 1) the aftership tracking site. 2) swiss post own tracking site (looked it up) 3. my own post office tracking site (once it arrived in my own country). they all had the same information. the only delay that i experience with the shipping was that when it was sent out from hongkong warehouse, it stayed at the border point of the country for nearly a week before a new update was put on to the aftership tracking site that it had actually arrived in my country. mailed feb 24th -> next update arrived in my country march 2nd. that's quite many days. so if it doesn't move right away, don't worry. it will. i also received an email notification from baubax that my jacket was "close to arriving" and they also sent me a new email saying i had received my jacket. so to the review! i ordered a blue bomber m size for men with the blanket +the gloves and water bottle that were stretch goals. all of the items came with the package (thankfully). the jacket was valued "124.2" without any currency informed on the customs declaration. weight was measured at 1.88 kg. i had to pay a customs fee of around 35 euros, which is nearly equal to 35$. in the package, there was a list of items that the package contained, but those were just for the floship pickings list, so they know what to pack in the order. however, the customs will have no idea what is actually inside, except they are assured in the customs declaration that the package contains nothing dangerous. first impression of the jacket: at last! and wow! here's a picture of the jacket (blue bomber m, male): http://imgur.com/udnfhie here's a picture of the apparel that came with it (neckpillow, bottle, touchscreen gloves, blanket (it's that roll)): http://imgur.com/f0rfe0i the jacket and the quality of the jacket:  the overall quality is great, 9+/10. the color and material is also nice. it's water resistant. i found only one noticeable defect in the product which is a minor flaw really. the connecting part of the sleeves inside the jacket are not sewed correctly, see pic:  http://imgur.com/tfilsnl this isn't really a big flaw and if you want you can just sew those shut yourself, it's not that big of a deal. also since these were apparently made with a real rush, there are some lose string ends hanging about in a place or two in the jacket, but that's fine you can just cut them off. the insides of the pockets are firm and i didn't detect any holes or whatever. also the smart phone pocket is lined highly water resistant, i don't think it'll withstand water if i'd jump into a lake with the jacket, it'd probably leak from the zipper (so i don't recommend doing that). also the eyeglass/sunglasses pocket is lined with a eyeglass friendly fabric and the eyeglass cloth is attached to a rubber'ish string thingy inside the pocket. the neckpillow:  it has a silky cover in it. the pillow itself is a piece of plastic with a funny looking valve. for those who haven't figured out how to use it. you need to blow air into the whole and it fills up, and when you push the inside of the valve from the middle the air releases out. i tested it against my sofa and tried to listen if there's any leaks or that the air would flow out of the valve, but i didn't hear anything nor did it leak out. so the quality of that was good as well. i suggest that before you actually blow air into the neckpillow, you should  probably swipe the valve with antiseptic before putting your mouth to it, common knowledge. i heard some people pull out an issue with the "bulkyness" of the hood if you have the pillow with you, but i don't mind it at all, can hardly notice it and it's not "annoying" at all in my opinion. the water bottle:  well, as you can see from the picture, there's a little holding knob that you can attach the bottle to anything and the bottle has a separate cap in it that prevents leaks from the bottle when it's full, even though it has a pop out pop back in type of mechanism found in sports bottles the cap is something you dont wanna lose. if you dont like the bottle, you can always buy another one from the dollar store, it probably costs less than a dollar. i didn't fill mine with liquid yet. the blanket:  i opened the blanket just enough that i could see how it's like. it's really thin. the thing with the thinness is that if you want, you can fold it over twice to make it double, but it's great because it's actually quite big.  dimensions: width 90 cm, lenght 140 cm. (lenght is around my arms spread wide open). functionality combined with the blanket pocket = bulky. i found it more pleasant to fold the blanket so that it fits the "ipad pocket" because a for one i don't even own an ipad or a tablet and you can still put your tablet to the same pocket because it's quite roomy/wide. touchscreen gloves: the gloves seem really cheaply made (quality isn't that great) and i happen to have a pair of touchscreen gloves of my own, so i decided to just throw the gloves somewhere and use better ones. i tried and tested them on my iphone and i could barely get them to work. they do work, but the contact with the screen isn't great. built in gloves: the gloves are non-detachable, unless you cut them out. also they are not "gloves" but more like hand sleeves with a thumb hole in them. if you put the jacket on, you need to tuck the gloves inside the sleeves every time you put the jacket on. the eyemask: well i haven't gone out and ran with the jacket with the hood on so i don't know if it'll drop on my eyes, but most likely it will as it's not attached to anywhere, but hey, you can just put a sticker hold in it if you want. there's quite a lot of thing you can "tune" on the jacket and this is one of them. the stylus pen/pen/zipper: the styluspen is made to be telescopit, it streches out. on the other end is a replaceable pen and the stylus is at the other end. the only minor thing i noticed with this is, that the zipper isn't attached with a screw on thingy, you just pull it out and i guess sometimes when you close your jacket the zipper may come off and due time it will probably lose it's grip if you use it a lot by pulling it out. so that might be a problem in the future and you certainly don't want it to fall out. i did make an unboxing video about the package i received and it's found here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch… overall rating of the products: 9/10. 1 minus star for the faults in the jacket and the useless gloves. if you have any questions regarding the items, i'll be happy to answer. although it might take a while for me to answer as i don't really browse this conversation panel all that much. thanks baubax! the jacket is awesome! :)
i'm from the east coast and still have not receive anything. no tracking, no emails about my order. i bought this for my iceland trip and they missed it. i thought i can use it for my malaysia trip, they missed it. and man i thought i can use it for my japan trip, nope. you have failed me, baubax. i'm not saying i needed your jacket to travel, i'm saying my sole purpose of backing this because you, said that baubax is "the world's best travel jacket". and i have yet to use it, since you missed most of the expectations. i won't be traveling in a while and i probably won't get to use it for awhile.
uk backer, got my shipping email this morning.
i'm from the chicago area and still not have not received a shipping email nor was there anything about the us east coast in the latest update.
is it just me, or is it clear that anyone from the us is being forgotten about...i know we don't have the best reputation worldwide, but we still deserve to know what is going on with a product we invested money into...
i got my jacket and love it! quick question, how do you tuck the neck pillow into the hood?
@lisa and annick, i am from belgium (same as annick) and also little bit worry about the delivery. got an e-mail 'tracking details' on 24 feb. jacket was send on the same dat, arrived 4 march  in belgium. now it is 10 march and still nothing received. did you both had a message by customs ? please let me know if you received the jacket.
i have not received my jackets yet.  i live in the dallas / fort worth area.  do you have tracking information on my shipment?
@frank from jakarta : hi how much does the pos indonesia customs cost you?
i'm in adelaide, australia. received my hoodie today (march 10) after my tracking email was sent march 1. hope everyone else gets theirs soon! x
am from melbourne, australia and have received my black bomber this morning. few things to note/share: - it arrived without me receiving a tracking number so i was quite surprised - it has some wood splinters on it - material and overall quality is good, there's no defects as far as my eye can see. - there's minimal branding on the back of the neck, it's black on black - fits well according to their sizing chart - due to the material used, bending forwards when zipped up feels like a thick paper being crumpled. also makes the jacket distort weirdly - there's three pen refills on the front left chest pocket - built-in gloves is good but can be a little annoying to handle at times - neck pillow works well i must say; it inflates quickly and sufficiently, deflation is a no-brainer - overall a really well built product and it's what you'd expect with the money you've invested. good stuff baubax. i had to add this even though i know many of you have already voiced this. baubax could really do more with their communication and be mindful of the backers sentiments. baubax, your last chance right now is that the apparels meet or exceed the standards you've implanted into every backers' minds such that the negativity can be forgiven.
@lisa and @annick, a few people have said they've used the emails from kickstarter and/or bank statements showing the transactions as their receipts and it has been accepted, would suggest trying that.
@annick same problem here in germany. i just sent an email, hopefully they respond.
finally some movement in customs for me. a customs fee of £26 and some change for me. what i was expecting for a bomber jacket. however parcelforce has said the package was labelled incorrectly and sent as express but only standard shipping was paid for. not surprised considering the mess that has been shipment.
i'm in the sf bay area, backer #110.  and nothing from baubax other than the ridiculously small 2xl blazer i got from touch of modern that i have to send back for a store credit.  btw, if anything, with all the linings and stuff in it, they should have made it fit large not 7-9 inches smaller than their sizing chart. yeah, i'm upset. i lost a few inches and expected no problems.
wtf? still....
they were using the phrase 'receiving soon' in december...
"thousands of backers have received their jackets already, thousands of orders are in transit to the backers and others will be receiving soon" classic obfuscation. baubax and transparency are polar opposites.
i am very very disappointed!! how do i get a full refund ???? fed up of waiting!!!!!
for those of us in australia, keep in mind a lot of people have received theirs without any tracking notification being sent, i'm sure there are quite a few that are getting lost in junk mail filters as well. i'd be surprised if quite a few of them didn't get trapped in customs for a while which can be ridiculously slow here, not to mention auspost don't exactly have a stellar reputation either, so don't get too worried just yet, they'll undoubtedly be in transit now or very shortly and it will just take some time to filter through the various processes.
@jade i've got no clue about my jacket too ! i order one sweatshirt and bomber and i've gotten nothing ! highly dissapointed ! i'm in tassie maybe crossing the border from mainland tasmania is hard after all !!
if any backer in hong kong would like to swap their black male bomber jacket from size m to s, please let me know as i have ordered size s and it is too small.
hi, update from italy:  i picked up my jackets from customs yesterday. had to pay ~30€ customs fee. i'm very disappointed because other kickstarter sellers make shipments without customs fee!
update #19. we're going to tell you abou tthe number of hits to a video in taiwan. this is critically important. we are going to be incredibly vague about when our patient backers might expect to receive their jackets and hope that no one notices that we don't have the jackets ready for west coast us backers yet.
hi, i'm from jakarta and i have already got the jacket and i love it. thank you for the good job. i got the tracking email on sat, march 5th and had to pick it up from post office the next monday. the packaging was very good and tidy, no damage at all. thanks again.
hi, my jacket was shipped on february 23th to belgium, and up to today i still don't have it. it's been kept by customs since then. i have to send the original invoice before they clear it: did i ever receive one? i ordered this almost a year ago. anybody? the jacket better be worthed all the waiting and hassle. ;-)
south korea, just got the email that pack was dispatched, waiting...
hi, update from germany: i picked up my sweatshirt from customs yesterday. had to pay ~30€ customs fee which is absolutely okay. the quality of the sweatshirt is great! zippers, material and even the neck pillow seem to be high quality. size fits perfectly great job baubax. worth the wait. thanks
i'm in sydney, australia and i received my sweatshirt today. i received a tracking email at the beginning of the month and only took a few days to be delivered. the overall quality is great - don't have any complaints about that. however the only thing is, i think the sizing is a bit strange. after consulting the size guide, i ordered an xl as i normally wear xl shirts, but the jumper is definitely way too big - the sleeves are too long and the length of the jumper is quite long too - probably at least a xxl. to avoid paying the two-way postage fees to exchange my jumper, i will look into just going to an alterations specialist here in town. other than those complaints, i absolutely love it! i hope everyone gets what they ordered :)
when are us backers getting theirs???
backer number №43746. they shipped on feb, 22. i hope remaining backers will receive their jackets soon :-)
russia. got my jacket the last week. my l fits me as expected. i'll need to get used to that pockets, and especially the pillow which feels highly uncomfortable. overall, i'm still happy. although it's much more expensive compared to my other sweaters which i bought on internet sales or local stores, the fabric quality is very good, and having a lot of pockets is very convenient. water bottle is great too. gloves are quite unusual and hence unconvenient, but this may change when i'll get used to them.
@creator, according to your latest update, you keep saying your warehousing partners and courier company already do their best! but why don't you explain how come other people, such as our backer "glenn" here already received orders from "touch of modern"?????? you are the one who accept 3rd party retailer, and decided to made and sent order to your customer! so, don't make any more excuse for yourself!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
am i able to cancel my order and receive a full refund as i haven't received my jacket yet?
why was "touch of modern" allowed to sell jackets when not all ks backers have received their orders yet? just curious. also haven't received a tracking number for my order yet.
no tracking number either for atlanta. in all seriousness - what the hell ? i was one of the first 500 backers !!!
ks backer #6262 in california. no tracking number yet...
so, i still have not even received a shipping email for my ks pledge, but am returning the item i got via touch of modern (much faster than ks) because it measures 6-9 inches smaller than the sizing chart shows -- i.e. i ordered a 2xl from tom and at best it's a medium. i wonder when / if i'll receive my ks jacket!!! you know, we on ks should have all gotten our pledges before shipping tom orders. that royally sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
still waiting for my tracking number..... from thailand
cherylene from malaysia. i have received my 2 baubax order, just collected them after getting custom clearance just now. they look great ! they were presents for my hubs, and he loved them... just in time for him to bring them overseas as he is flying out later tonite. 10-3-2016.
new update with exchange policy!!! check it out
no jackets or tracking. portland or, 1 blazer and 1 sweatshirt.
woohoo! i just received an email from baubax with my tracking details (lodged with hong kong post). this is the only email i have received. i'm located in adelaide, australia. one bomber + blanket.
i recieved my charcol sweater in california last week. i'm very happy with my order and it fit like a glove. the only thing i noticed that was not to pleased with us the neck pillow, in theory it was great but in the sweater it's just bulky and weighs it down. that by no means affects how happy i am with it, because it is so warm and comfy on and the quality is great.  loved it overall
hi, i am from singapore. can i know when am i going to receive my 2 bomber jacket or the tracking number. i have receive nothing till now. please advise.
@ larry - after reading the comments from the past 12 hours, while i was out doing other things, i'm glad i wasn't here. i'm staying out of all this!
i'm from singapore and received my bomber jacket 2 days ago. it is smaller than i expected, despite obsessing over the sizing numbers. i should have followed my usual size 12 (which should be l) instead of following the measurements and deciding on a m. thankfully i could still fit inside but i can't do layering like how i'd planned for it. agree with the rest that the travel pillow didn't meet expectations. the jacket was rather bulky and i can't imagine how heavy it'll be when i fit all my gadgets in. didn't have to pay customs fees and i did receive a tracking number. hoping to be able to do an easy size swap, or if anyone in singapore wishes to swap their black female bomber jacket from size l to m, pls let me know.
leaving for the uk next week - was hoping to have my jacket :( ugh
leaving for japan in 10 days; in the us; no update or anything. was really hoping to have my bomber before this trip :(
@jade, a few in australia reported receiving their jackets either without a notification of tracking or they received the tracking details after their jackets. they did state all shipments would be sent by the 12th so by this friday, so don't despair :) looks like there has been some kind of snafu with their tracking details being sent out!
@ rolts: i've checked my junk/spam folder back to the start of february and have found nothing. i'm sure it'll happen eventually. like i said previously, i was just curious if anyone has not received one, but has received their jacket, as this has happened to me in the past with some campaigns that say they will send tracking numbers but don't send them to everyone.
california, 1 bomber, still no thing....
alberta, canada checking in, nothing so far, looks like canada will be last to get them. sigh!
@jade: i received my bomber last week. prior to its delivery (local po box), i received two emails. one was from 'floship' the delivery logistics group in hong kong. it was a copy of the shipping invoice for baubax and it included a tracking number to use with 'aftership.com' (mentioned in an update). a couple of days later, i received a second email, this time from support@baubax.com, telling me my jacket had been dispatched. this had a dedicated tracking link, for my jacket. this also took me to the 'aftership.com' site. check your spam & junk folders just in case.
i'm in hawaii and a friend of mine received their tracker a week ago (2 weeks by monday) and i'm still waiting for mine, i got 2 bombers and i'm wondering if others in the us are having this problem
post box found my package!   for the west coast backers looks like henderson nv is the distribution site
ordered pack 4s from australia. still heard nothing. no email/tracking number. my partner who ordered  pack of 3s got his pick up notification yesterday. only 2 days left as per their updates for international deliveries
alright.  i finally received my sweatshirt in charcoal gray today.  i first got my shipping notification from baubax support on march 2.  it looks like it took 7 days to get to me in dallas, tx.  so far, i'm pretty impressed at the quality of the sweatshirt.  the travel pillow is stored in the hood of the sweater.  the travel pillow itself is pretty stiff and weighs down the hood when stored in the hood.  when you put the hood up, you can feel the stiffness of the pillow on the back of your head.  i ordered the medium size and the fit is pretty true to size here in the us...at least the sweatshirt i received. i haven't really done a detailed inspection of the sweater but at first glance, the stitching seems to be adequate.  the finishing seems to be really good as there weren't any loose threads hanging anywhere.  again, i'm pretty impressed by the overall quality right now.
@ baubax love! the bomber jacket it's a perfect fit very satisfied
@creator, what???? you already started to ship for 3-party retailer shop????? i don't even get mine??? could you just response to my request and ship out mine asap????
@ luke thanks! that's what i was wondering. i've recently moved house so my mail is all being redirected. if my jackets has been sent, then it's probably the redirection that's the cause of the hold up. just trying to figure out if it's on my end or theirs.
i'm backer 93 and still waiting for two jackets.  my wife was skeptical and now she is reminding me.  j
i didn't get a tracking number if i did just didn't see it in my emails
i should probably clarify - in my post below, i meant to ask if every australian backer who received their jacket/s received a tracking number, as it's been my experience that i sometimes don't.
@andreas: that's disappointing. i think the general consensus has been that their customer service isn't wonderful. nevertheless, i'll keep my fingers (and toes) crossed we hear something positive soon!
i received mine last week in the uk. i didn't have to pay any customs fees (maybe because i'm in wales?). really great quality - much better than anticipated after this long wait. but anyone in the uk willing to trade...i have a women's bomber black small, would like to trade for a medium. also seems like it would withstand a light rain without getting wet, so that's a huge plus!
@jade nothing over here in sydney. wrote an email to them for refund but got rejected. totally disappointed.
australian backers - did you receive tracking numbers? i've backed projects before where tracking numbers were supposed to be emailed out as i've never received them. i'm starting to get a bit worried and disappointed. i was a super early bird backer (#467), only ordered a single bomber, and i've not heard anything. i know someone has to be last, but given that they said they would be mailing the single jackets before the multi-packs, and people have received their multi packs, i'm beginning to wonder if i've been skipped over or if my 'v' surname has something to do with it.
hopefully that can provide some encouragement to those out there, that are still excited for their jacket to come, despite frustrations that we have all shared.
i will say: the quality of the jacket is pretty good. there were no cut corners on fabric/materials/workmanship. i'm pleased with the cut/fit of the jacket. i wouldn't 100% classify it this way, but it seems to have a little more of an athletic cut to the sweatshirt, which is the style that i personally prefer. i'm still kinda playing with all the features and pockets, but my first reaction is that the neck pillow was better in concept than it was execution. its by no means bad or unusable, but just not as streamlined as i had imagined. it tucks into a pocket within the hood, which allows it to be contained in the jacket, but the downside is it creates a little weight in the hood, and creates a clunky look. the ladder possibly fixes itself through usage, or even by placing to pillow in there a better way, that i just haven't had time yet to play with. but, when i just completely remove the pillow, then the hood works as good as any other hooded sweatshirt, but with the added feature of that eye cover for sleeping. the built in hand warmers/gloves (whatever you want to call them) tend to automatically pop out when you put it on. requiring you to tuck it back if you don't want them. but to be fare to that point, i've yet to see a jacket (with that feature) where that is not an issue. thus, that really isnt a complaint as much as an observation. the other pockets and features i feel work as advertised. like i said earlier, the quality of work is great, and this applies to the various pockets. i personally like the earphone holders, that run from the pocket you would presumable put a phone or mp3 player into. those are my initial observations from having it for the last 45 minutes. i'll wear it out tonight and try to find a little bit more in depth opinion.
@luke, luck you, i still have not got anything!
i just received mine about 10 min ago from international australia post
@john(sabuu) no problem at. i only ordered the men's sweatshirt
@cr7 thanks for the info on the delivery, might i ask what jacket you backed for? i'm waiting on the blazer, so i'm obviously a minority as far as quantity goes..
allow me to clarify that previous statement... ups delivered it to the post office, then they brought it to my door
@john(sabuu) i did, about a week ago i got an email from "support@baubax.com" saying that ups would be fulfilling the delivery, however as i followed the tracking number, what they did was deliver it to the local post office, and then my neighborhood post man was the one who just dropped it off. however, the entire time the tracker did say that it would arrive today on the 9th, ever since getting the email
@cr7 what delivery company?
@cr7 did you happen to get any delivery notifications prior to the delivery?
in north texas, received my jacket about 25 minutes ago
any one in los angeles california got their jackets or tracking numbers yet? i saw some people posting from san francisco stating they have theirs already. it's nearly been a week since the last update and i have yet to receive a tracking number or my jacket.
i'm in colorado and have received my female blue windbreaker, size l.   i can't say if i like it or not as it is too small.  anyone in colorado who got a female blue windbreaker, size xl want to trade if yours is too big?  sorry to everyone who has not received theirs yet.
hey all! wanted to drop by and tell that i got my sweatshirt. there was a small issue in the sizing (initially ordered xxlt and changed to xlt but got xl, which was a non issue because the size ended up being much bigger than what my european standards were expecting, so perfect there!). the quality of the sweatshirt is really good. i have absolutely no complaints. i ordered the charcoal and it was much darker than expected (almost black though it says charcoal on the packaging. again, no issue for me. the sweatshirt came with a flexible bottle of 16 oz and a pair of gloves which was nice of baubax.  the only thing i was surprised was the way the cushion was inserted in the sweatshirt, i thought it was integrated and kind of part of the sweatshirt but it's not. it means that you always have the feeling of the cushion weighing a little on the hood but you can easily remove it. all in all, very glad of my jacket! recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable, versatile and functional piece of clothing :) cheers!
full ack for @andrew conrad and hoang tran. 2 days ahead and still no number. it's wasn't frustrating as nobody got the jacket. right now it is very frustrating. maybe they should blame the carriers or whatever, but for me it's baubax fault. period.
where are the us west coast the tracking numbers? still haven't received anything...
canada west coast, still no shipping / tracking notification.
still no tracking number for me (uk), hope to get it soon.
i've emailed, posted on the facebook wall, and even contacted them through the bbb in the past week and not received any response at all. i imagine they are ghosting us until they can come out talking about how amazing they are for navigating all of this, and that all of the jackets will be delivered soon. as much as i want to have their back we haven't really been given a leg to stand on while we wait.
dear baubax, this is only my 3rd comment in this project. i'm very patient. no rushing-things, no bad words, no email-need-you-to-reply-immediately. to be honest, this have been the longest time i stay calm to myself. but it's march 10th right now, and i still have no tracking number in my mailbox. and i saw at least 3  from my country got their jackets, and one of them had 2 kinds of jacket. what did you say before? that all of single-kind orders will be shipped before the multi-ones? so where's my jacket now? my cc was charged 149$. yes, i did not buy your jacket. i backed your project. but with only 129$. that extra 20$ was for the shipping. i paid that to make sure that baubax can ship my jacket to my house, no matter what way you use. i could pay more if required for faster delivery, but 20$ is the limit. and now you kick your-responsibilty-that-i-paid-for to the delivery company? oh c'mon. that's ridiculous. after this long comment, i'll be back to my "calm" mode, and wait for my jacket. as you said in 18th update, all the international orders will be completed before march 12th. i'll wait, as i always do. but just want to express my thought on baubax: "very disappointed. you guys *bad words*." hope i'll get my number tomorrow. hoang.
@joe @kat, thanks for the update, it's a bit disappointing to see 3rd party retailers get shipments before the rest of the kickstarter backers but from a lot of the other comments here it seems like the jackets are going to be pretty good quality. i just wished that the team was more communicative and paid more attention to their backers. well...there's two more days left in the week...here's to hoping that i'll get some sort of shipping notification soon.
uk backer here. any sign of the jackets soon?
@john: they probably will say: "wasn't us, it was the shippers fault for not adhering to the schedule we placed, and we have no liability in regards to this, thus we are liars who don't hold true to our word because we want to grow faster than we should, and not ensure our original supporters(who we said were going to be taken care of first) are happy."
@julian fernandes: the last update said the distribution center should be getting them this week, not the backers.
@kat way to go, you just ruined the chance for anyone to state that orders via 3rd party companies won't get their buyers before original ks/indiegogo peeps. /s :p on a more serious note though, having written out (legible) proof is upsetting, but by no means was it unexpected... to some of us. so baubax person who replied to that one bbb complaint, what says you now? :o
@jack yaun,  this just in from indiegogo, and sorry to be the bearer of bad news (please don't shoot the messenger!):   helen gollobin 1 hour ago i have received two of the bomber jackets-through touch of modern which is wonderful site for new items. on their site-they warn about delays since many small companies are new and learning. the jackets are beautiful-almost like a spaceman’s suit that has everything right there within reach and memory. please don"t feel rushed-that’s when errors happen. thank you
still no notice of a tracking/shipping number. i live on the east coast of canada and they said in the last email that we should be receiving them this week. another disappointment. i wasn't even allowed to pick the navy blue option for the blazer that was agreed as one of the pledge goals.
@ricky - i'm with you there (i'm in central texas). so far i've only seen one other person (dallas area) who has received any notification/delivery.
i'm so glad i'm not the only one having problems receiving their jacket (solidarity)...  has anyone in texas gotten theirs yet?
there's a good possibility you'll be disappointed then jack.... and no, no sign of east coast jackets yet...
has anyone on the us east coast received any sort of information? i'd be highly disappointed if 3rd party sellers are already shipping out their jackets and there are still kickstarter backers who have not received their jackets.
@kat - makes sense, and you have every right to make sure people know how this kickstarter has been run. i read a column on wonkette called "off the menu" where people post stories of bad and abusive restaurant customers. one commenter there had been treated very poorly at a seattle restaurant almost 30 years ago and she still tells people what a jerk the owner was and not to patronize his establishment (probably doing a lot of people in seattle a favor). i just think an attempt at a lawsuit would be more trouble than its worth.
just my opinion but i think gifts should not be branded to be called gifts. anything branded handed over without payment says 'i see this as a marketing opportunity'.
@alex: which will be instantly put into the "for a garage sale" box we have at home...don't need another water bottle when we already have too many, including collapsible, plastic, glass, and metal.
the water bottle would have cost 20 cents, i mean...
good point @owen. i kind of had that covered under conceited but yes! the whole campaign has been a total disaster but on the plus side we have a plastic 20c water bottle.
@olga.  thanks for your opinion, i know i, for one, appreciate it.  fraud?  no.  deception abounds though.  from the sketchy "built in neck pillow" to the unproven claim of having done a test run shipping 1,000 pieces in asia.  pr is possibly the worst i've ever had first hand knowledge of.  i don't know of a company anywhere that would block their backers from social media for something as innocuous as, say, when one woman on twitter suggested bots could do a better job communicating.  oh, wait.  i do know of one other business that would do so and that's (crazy) amy's baking company.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amy%27s_baking_company does baubax live up to their self congratulatory and glowing self promotion?  abso-freaking-lutely not.  i don't know about anyone else, but i am making it a mission to ensure that the full truth be known about them far and wide.
@alex: don't forget that they were over confident, i mean the following is still on the campaign page: risks and challenges our team is comprised of seasoned entrepreneurs, fashion designers, user experience designers, and supply chain experts with more than 40 years of entrepreneurial and manufacturing experience, so rest assured the jackets will exceed your expectations. we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. we have identified and locked in our manufacturers who will be able to ship within 60 days of successful project funding, so you can enjoy your very own baubax jackets before the winter travel season kicks in.
baubax isn't a fraud. their behaviour has been incompetent, conceited, patronizing, disingenous, manipulative, unethical, inconsiderate, underhand, controlling...but not fraudulent.
yup, mine got stopped by german customs too. went to pick it up today and had to pay €24.50 to get it. was almost funny, when i started explaining what it was, the lady said she knew already.. several people had alredy been there with the same problem.. "just pay and leave", her eyes seemed to plead, hahaha! btw, i like it.. has feared i´d hate it after reading some comments, but mine is really nice made, doesn´t feel cheap anywhere, and the pillow is sort of integrated through a couple buttons. i guess they must have diferent manufacturers. happy camper here   :p
so if even mark harris's extensive report on zano didn't find any evidence that could support a claim of fraud (as one of the base elements is scienter - that is, an intent to deceive from the beginning of the enterprise (and this deception has to be about the core characteristics of the enterprise in question, not about delivery dates etc.), i think it can be safely said that there is no plausible lawsuit here. it sucks, but they are delivering jackets. it looks like in the end everyone will get a jacket. furthermore, i very much doubt any attorney would take this on, as it has almost no prospect of the attorney making any money in return for their extensive time and effort. disclaimer: the above is not legal advice nor is it intended to be relied upon as legal advice. just my opinion, though i am an attorney.
sweden here: got the blazer, after paying $52 in customs.  size s according to the chart. i would guess that a m is the smallest one i can use with anything in my pockets...
getting very impatient with the long wait.........have yet to receive any type of shipping information!
i have no problem with backers payng their fair rate of import duties. i have a massive problem with backers paying high amounts of import duties as the wrong prices were declared by baubax. baubax's silence on this issue tells you so much about their integrity as a business.
yes @ege and backers are impatient after four whole months of waiting since the predicted delivery date, otherwise they are very patient...
hi, i have just checked my tracking details, and, i have the same issue as aisah, also detained by customs, did everyone else in the uk pay this money?
anyone remember zano on kickstarter?  we *almost* backed that but were really skeptical as to how advanced they claimed the technology was.  so glad we didn't. anyhoo...  zano was, and still is, the most funded european kickstarter campaign.  and an utter dud. kickstarter hired mark harris, a tech journalist, to investigate what happened with zano.  seems they wanted to appease ticked backers and restore some faith with the crowdfunding community in doing so.  you can read mark's piece about being commissioned by kickstarter here:  https://medium.com/@meharris/an-unusual-commission-f5171a156a05#.ydy9prpqx he did as asked and then wrote a rather detailed, but really well investigated and brilliantly written, piece which was published by kickstarter.  it's a long read but well worth the time and you can find it here:  https://medium.com/kickstarter/how-zano-raised-millions-on-kickstarter-and-left-backers-with-nearly-nothing-85c0abe4a6cb#.cbwlfb7zj i emailed mark earlier in february.  he was busy with other projects at the time but said he'd keep an eye on this debacle.  (debacle is my word, not his) maybe if he hears from a few more backers he will find this worth looking into further.  i, for one, am astonished at the sheer number of publications which promoted baubax and yet, nary a one (except for the chicago tribune which wrote in december about backers being frustrated at delays but totally missed the mark regarding the entire mismanagement and horrific pr) has followed up to see how things are going (in spite of it being suggested they do so and not just by myself). mark can be reached at zano@meharris.com suggestions for where and how to file complaints and leave reviews can be found here:  https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
hi i've sent you guys an email on your support@baubax.com saying how my products are being detained by customs due to insufficient shipping and handling costs from the company. they are asking me to pay an extra 89.74gbp to get the products or else it will be shipped back to the hk address. please can someone reply to this comment. i will not be stolen from especially a cost of approximately 180gbp for products i am unable to attain.
i was impatient at the very end because my package was lost, otherwise i was very patient...
@ege 'you are not buying a jacket' yes we are. and telling us to be patient after you were so incredibly impatient? really?
juhu, in germany angekommen� total klasse jacke , genau wie ich es mit vorgestellt habe! super danke�
@thomas considering baubax's communication history, no news is bad news. so it's safe to assume that no, east coast has not received all their containers and as a result, shipping for us has yet to start.
i live in singapore, which is very close to hong kong, but still haven't received my tracking number! when are you going to send it please?
hi, have the shipments for taiwan started? i didn't got any updare but seems citiesocial taiwan started to sell your products.�
any updates from east coast us shipments?
some guys here need to calm down... you are not buying a jacket, you are just giving money to some guys to make they idea a reality, in return they give something to you. just because your jacket is late isn't mean that its fraud. there are more than 45 000 backers so just be patient.... even me i was angry but you just have to be patient ( mine was shipped on february 22th and i got it on march 7th !!! )
@jennifer nguyen: i don't think anyone in canada has received any shipping notifications, or their jacket(s). i know i haven't see anyone saying they have from western canada at least.
im from ontario, canada and i still haven't received word of my jacket yet. anyone from the province received theirs yet?
@ julian - some chinese manufacturers have a bad habit of putting toxic chemicals in their products. see the situations involving drywall boards and "wood" flooring made in china and sold in the u.s. see the adulterating of milk for children in china a few years ago. you can try washing it to see if they helps the smell. but if you buy another folding water bottle from an online retailer as i did, it still could very easily come from china. of course, if you fill any bottle with water from flint, michigan, it will be bad for you.
i receive two bomber jackets for me and my girl friend without any customs fee. we like them but i'm afraid it will be too hot material.
@ larry - thanks. i generally agree with what you say. this has been a poorly managed project. at this point, i doubt anyone could make a case for fraud in the true legal sense. but i will ask my daughter who is an attorney when (if?) she gets her bomber. they are delivering jackets - slowly and sometimes not in good quality - but we are getting (generally speaking) what we were promised. however, i am beginning to have my doubts about their willingness or ability to accommodate exchanges for different sizes as they stated on the campaign page. if they fail to do that, then you might have a basis for a class-action lawsuit. but i doubt they will have any money left. so, we are still stuck. our recourse is in the court of public opinion and with our money. i doubt few of the 45,000 backers will buy another one. our reviews on any online site will likely be negative. as kat has done, complaints can be filed with better business bureaus. i think you can see that my opinion of baubax and this project are not very positive and supportive at this point. they might have been last december, but not any more.
3rd-party factories make good jackets - those are baubax jackets, haven't we made great jackets, feel free to praise us and we will drop everything to publicise it! 3rd-party shipping company makes errors - nothing to do with baubax, leave us out of it...
@kat to circle back on yesterday and the theory hole poking.. looks like you were right to keep your stick to the side.. they've already started on that path, it appears: " yoshua cendarto about 8 hours ago no tracking number email until now.. reply from baubax support isn't satisfied me "hi there, we (baubax) are not the ones sending out the tracking email. there are two company's, aftership for international orders and rakuten for us/canada orders." that's it? after production, no after sales services? what if i never received the email? no responsibility? "
i really like the jacket. it is not cheap - ok - but i like the features and material (bomber black). anyway, the sizes seem to be for very small centimeters, but i can deal with that. only thing i'm wondering is the bottle. it stinks. i'm a little worried about the ingredients. can i fill it and drink from without any concerns?
i know with certainty that the non-us kickstarter orders have not all departed the hong kong warehouse @nick. it's not just all the many comments about not receiving their jackets yet, it's baubax's 100% track record of not delivering to match the timelines on their updates. if every single time you stroke a pig it bites you, at what point do you stop putting your hand near its mouth?
@konstantin walter: den ausdruck der ks seite
@rolts, thanks for the response. i appreciate any support or information sharing that can be provided. i simply wanted to clarify that @bruce gilliland was an interested party and nothing more.
@bruce gilliland thanks for responding to my question and curiosity. i don't have an issue with the frequency and/or length of your posts. i was simply curious as to your involvement. this is the first of two projects i have backed on kickstarter. the other appears to be near reaching fulfillment and the producers are being timely, complete, and forthright in their updates. as i have expressed previously i cannot even remotely say the same for baubax. if you don't consider what baubax has perpetrated on their backers over the last 6 months as genuine fraud i don't know how you define fraud. they have lied, obfuscated, and failed to provide sufficient, adequate updates or respond to communications and based on many, many comments are providing an inferior, damaged, or incomplete product. not to mention the numerous posts concerning fraudulent customs valuations. that's how i define fraud. numerous commentators keep suggesting to get in touch with baubax. i have sent them emails and posted on their kickstarter page multiple times over a 8 week period with not one reply. i have requested a refund with no response. completely unacceptable. btw, as of today, 03/09/16, i have still not received any shipping details or my jackets. equally disappointing to me is the responses i have received from kickstarter. i was aware of kickstarter's tos, however, when a project of this magnitude ($11 million) has been such a disaster i would have hoped that kickstarter would have exercised a greater amount of responsibility and shown a modicum of professionalism to the backers. this will be the last project i back on kickstarter.
@ kat - of course the easter bunny is real. how else am i going to get my jackets in a reasonable time if the easter bunny doesn't bring them?
@nick wallace that is how i did it. my ex-wife measured me, then matched the measurements to the size chart. at least i think that is what you meant. the problem seems to be a general undersizing on the whole. what really bothers me is that they might not go to great lengths to resolve this issue or might expect me to cover the shipping both ways despite it being somewhat obvious that this was an error on their part. when a sizing chart gives measurement ranges, and you fit within a certain range one expects the size of that range to fit you. in my case it did not. there was no way for me to have known this would be the case and i can say i'm very disappointed as i've basically bought a blazer i can't use.
from baubax reply to west washington state bbb:  "yes, we have started selling to third parties, however, we have assured our customers that our kickstarter backers and indiegogo supporters would receive their orders before any 3rd party customer would. (as addressed in our latest update on 02/19/2016)." not a single order has left the east coast warehouse.  people in asia are still asking where their jackets are.  people who ordered, retail, on touch of modern are reporting receiving theirs.  yet, baubax vehemently denies they'd ever send out to retail purchasers ahead of fulfilling their kickstarter obligations. yeah, and the easter bunny is real.
re: "large" jackets too small - @ maike m and others - several reports this morning of women's large or xl and xxl jackets being too small. i guess chinese manufacturers still don't understand that american and european woman tend to be somewhat larger than asian women. however, i will say this about the sizing charts. i looked at them, but i didn't go by them. i looked at the sizes of the jackets i already have. but if someone wears an xl in another jacket, they should be able to order an xl and have it fit. it sounds like there is a systemic problem with women's larger sizes. re zipper - @ staubsauger - your comment surprised me. i thought all the zippers on the jackets were left-handed. now you report you got an "american" zipper with the pull on the right. re: customs issues - @ penelope - your description clearly supports my contention that the valuations on the packages are totally incorrect and illogical. re: east cost shipment - @ ivan - still no reports of anyone east of the mississippi river getting a notice or jacket (unless i missed something in the overnight notices). :(
alright... i finally got the blue windbreaker in my hands, after paying the customs duty. one thing i learnt from a few other items shipped from us or china, is that they usually mark a much lesser price on the package, so that the customs calculated on it, is also lesser. however, i was disappointed to see too much honesty on this package, that resulted in around $52 duty :( anyway, rants aside, once the jacket is out of the pack, i must say i'm thoroughly impressed with the design and quality of the materials. thanks for the nice additional pocket bottle and the touch finger-gloves. the neck pillow shape and design is truly impressive, and the fact that it can be inflated and deflated so quickly and effortlessly, is awesome.  this jacket is certainly gonna be my companion for all the travels, except the really hot places, though. would've been a great addition, if the inner lining for the wind-breaker was made with some sort of net-like material, to keep it a bit less warm. but nevertheless, i loved this one, even though it set me back quite a lot cost-wise...
so, i just got my bomber from customs (zollamt bochum). i  got a notice that i have to pick it up and took my pledge overview as well as my credit card bill with me. i paid $184 ($139 + $25 + $20) for jacket, blanket, shipping (around 165€). i now had to pay 19,82€ customs + 35,16€ vat (=54,98€). outside of the package was a value of 124.2 declared but no currency or whatever, so maybe this is why i had to pick it up at customs and show the receipt. my first impression is *meh....  1. size - i ordered a womens xxl bomber and it barely fits. i expected it to be a little tight around the hips but what bothers me more is that the sleeves and the jacket itself are very short - and i'm only 1,65m. the sleeves only fit because of the attached gloves. 2. neckpillow - inflates and deflates quickliy, nice lining but not built in - nothing more to say 3. overall quality - i don't like the lining inside the jacket, it feels cheap and made me sweaty right away. the stylus looks very fragile as well i would not back for this jacket again if i had to choose. it is way to expensive for the actual realisation not to mention the crappy communication. maybe ebay brings a bit of my money back but i doubt that....
sorry, it was delivered on 9th march =)
italy. just received my bomber, size l. love it!!! for info: i got the notification that it was being shipped from hk on the 2th march, and it was delivered to my house on 8th march. i did have to pay 46,36 eur (usd 50-51) for customs, my package was marked 'others' with a value of usd 124,20.
i got an email saying it will be shipped after december and the tracking number should  email to me within the next few days but never hear anything after where is my tracking number can you tell me what's going on? please!
may i know what is the detachable pillow?  as from the campaign. it says all designs will have the detachable pillow
is it normal to have the zippers and buttons on the right side for the men's jacket? i live in the eu and have never seen that. and the quality of the blazer is nod really good. it has already a lot of wrinkles and creases...
anyone received a spoilt stylus?
@julian schary was hast du als rechnung vorgelegt?
still haven't received any tracking number. i am in italy. it is normal?
just receive my xs red bomber, but i found the hood is way too small that the eye mask can't  even cover my forehead lol.  i think i need s size ,red one. does anyone in hong kong want to exchange my xs red bomber? but i have already removed the price tag since i have a trip on saturday. if anyone in hk interested plz contact me ( email:kiu0315@yahoo.com)
@all german backers: just recieved mine today. not opened yet. for the taxes (in generel): you have to pay 19% vat (mwst.) only, if declared value is below 150€. meaning i payed a little more then 20 bucks.
hi guys. i received the largest ladies bomber jacket and found the sizing is way too small. i measured myself as well and found that i should of been fine with the largest ladies size. i am so dissapointed that the jacket is about 2 sizes too small. the quality is amazing but there is no way i can zip this up. is there anyway i can send my jacket back for a mens jacket?
just received the women's blazer, size m. much like other comments here, i was very disappointed to put it on and find that it is tight across the chest and arms. i measured myself carefully and also painstakingly checked the banana republic charts to order this (as the website said the fit would be similar). i'm very happy with the quality, but very disappointed with this serious mistake in sizing for the international market. please let us know what you are thinking of doing to rectify this.
just received my blazer in singapore – absolutely love it :d for those who care or need reassurances for anxiety's sake, i got the notification that it was being shipped from hk on the 26th of february, and it was delivered to my house on 7th march.
@chirag patel, the processing took place in hong kong on 24 february and was sorted with customs charges in london on 5 march. just got the letter yesterday. hope you get yours soon. thanks to everyone who's been a massive help!
just received my sweatshirt - shipping took long (22 feb - 8th march) to get to paris from hk. the sweatshirt is v good quality, and well packaged and delivered. no major mismatch compared to the description. only thing i am quite disappointed with is the colour. i ordered the charcoal which appears much much lighter in the photos and is borderline black in reality... quite a shame as i was hoping for the colour to be matching with my requests. all is all i'd say 6/10.
amsterdam calling in! recieved my bomber 4 days ago. i had to watch the campaign video again to see all the features cause somehow nobody thought of adding a features leaflet to the box. with all the features mentioned its easy to forget what the purpose of all the pockets is. anyway.  i did receive a track and trace and all went according to plan. bomber is great! fits really good, material is durable and looks like a very decent product. just discovered a pocket with two pen refills. and have to agree with penelope on the neck pillow.. it's just an inflatable neck pillow that stores in the hood (which makes it uncomfortably heavy) but when you want to use it, it has to come out. inflate and deflate nozzle is great though! i think i will store the pillow in my ipad pocket :). hope you guys get yours soon!
australia chiming in - had two blue bombers (1m & 1f) and a black mens blazer. we're very happy with the quality and fit of these and can't wait to use them on our next travels. sorry to hear stories of disappointments from others, but it's going to be hard to please 44k orders without issues.
@maike m. it could just be the one i got.  fingers crossed your item is good.  but i'd look at maybe getting your paperwork in order so that if the shipping info is incorrect you can correct them and not pay unneccessary money in customs charges
@penelope looking not so forward to my bomber anymore :/
@tgs, just checking, but when you measure yourself you are meant to find your size and then choose the one that is made to fit, the sizes indicated there in inches are not the size of the actual jacket but the size of the person it is designed to fit, i think some people may have made that mistake in how the sizing charts work. @alex, the us shipments have all departed from the hong kong warehouse and according to the latest update the last few non-us orders should be sent out very shortly if not already. if the hong kong warehouse has already shipped the kickstarter orders why would they not then be free to start on the indiegogo or retail shipping? not to mention it's quite plain to see that the tracking numbers are very unreliable as people are either not receiving them at all or receiving them days after the jacket has already arrived and/or been sent. so far as you or i know the kickstarter orders have all now departed the hong kong warehouse and are in transit.
new zealand reporting in. i ordered 1x bomber (blue) ladies size xxl and 1x blazer (black) ladies size xl for reference i'm 175cm/5'9 blazer blazer was tight across the top of the arms as well as the chest.  this was the largest size they had for ladies.  i measured it carefully and it should have fit but doesn't without pulling.  it's also somewhat short in the waist. the hood and eye mask combo is good but probably because its a soft/not stiff material and as such easier to pull further down. the neck pillow in the hood does not work if you leave it in the hood.  it's uncomfortable and awkward.  so basically you are getting a neck pillow like pretty much every other neck pillow that inflates.  nothing to see here. the 'travel' version of the blazer, when done up, looks like you are wearign a hoodie under your jacket.  and whatever claims they made about it being wrinkleproff/resistant are a joke. bomber the bomber was also a bit weird.  considering i'm the same person as bought the blazer in a xl size to then find i"m a xxl was a bit...odd.  i should have sized up too.  the shoulders ans elbows are a bit tight.  the sleeves would barely reach my wrist bones although the black fabric finger things extend to cover my palms. the neck, with the hood down, isn't too bad although mine seems to have a hard bend point right in front of where an adam's apple would be (i don't have one of those by the way).  however when the hood goes up, it really presses into your throat. the hood... well it is.... weirdly shaped.  if the front is touching the top of my forehead, thereby allowing the eyemask to rest over my actual eyes, then there is enough space to put a fist horizontally on the side of each ear andstill be able to move my head.  it i draw the sides of the hood to my ears then teh top goes up.  it goes up far enough that i can put my hand in vertically with my wrist on the top of my head and my fingers touching the top of the hood. for some strange reason the bomer has no drawcord/drawstring on it (which would be useful) but the blazer hoodie insert has an extra long one.  we're talking to my waist. on both sides. the pockets on both are not exactly as i expected. the box that they came in was battered and broken and ripped open. the paperwork was also extremely wrong.  how wrong??? well my items list looked like this: #   description    net weight       value               quantity 1   apparel          0.050               usd124.00      2 2   apparel          0.100               usd124.00      2 3   apparel          1.150               usd 62.00       1 4   apparel          1.100               usd 62.00       1 total gross weight   2.400 total value  372.00 category   other my paperwork was in both chinese and english. pretty sure that going by weight lines 1+2 were the gloves and water bottles with lines 3+4 being the actual items. why the f*&k would you rate those cheap gloves and water bottles at usd124 each????
i just got my blazer jacket and despite having myself measured upon arrival of the survey which asked for sizes and referencing the chart it is way to small. it barely fits. when i had myself measured by my partner who is fairly experienced in measuring and tailoring, we both were surprised that according to the chart i fit within the small range. i just had my partner measure me again and check the scale to see if i fit in it, and according to the scale i do. i was a bit on the high side of small but i did stil fit within it. you wouldn't know it though with how tight it is. if someone from the company could get in contact with me to correct this i'd appreciate it. i am putting it here though because i'd like to know if anyone else is having a similar issue with the sizing being off?
@nick wallace, you can stubbornly ignore the evidence of your own eyes but it is painfully obvious that a large number of non-us backers have not received a tracking number. i also fail to see why you think imply it is ok to send jackets to non-us retail and indiegogo before sendng us kickstarter their backers. it is sharp practice by baubax. baubax also definiely indicated that the neck pillow was more integrated than it actually is. you're one of these people who is never wrong so it's pointless arguing with you. let's just agree you're right.
anyone from the philippines got their jacket?
@stephanie central valley here. package got here 2 days before the email. not sure how that works but that's what happened
received my sweatshirt shirt today--quality is excellent! considering how big the campaign numbers were and its complexity (multiple jacket models, sizes, colors), the shipping delays were not unreasonable.
@stephanie   i havent even gotten an email yet so i don't know. if the package has been sent already i won't know until next week since im away for spring break. thats why i was hoping that id get an email so i can see where its at.
@wei h:did you receive tracking information on your email? i'm in socal and i haven't received anything. not sure if i should still expect one or not. also, what company did they use to ship yours? @ivan chan: sorry i got confused. i remember reading abkut delaysfor east coast deliveries
@ivan chan: did you receive tracking information on your email? i'm in socal and i haven't received anything. not sure if i should still expect one or not. also, what company did they use to ship yours?
melbourne, australia reporting in! bomber jacket arrived today, no tracking email ever recieved. the fit is a bit weird - big in the shoulders, small in the waist, length okay. neck pillow not really what i was expecting considering the images we were initally provided with. quality okay. feel like i would definitely overheat wearing this on a plane. gloves too small - unsurprising but annoying. all in all, a little bit more expensive then i hoped and not quite living up to the initial hype. also, re customs: marked as 'other' with a charge of $99 usd, but we don't pay taxes here for most deliveries i believe, so no extra charge for me. all of the above said, probably good for general winter weather here.
just received mine in singapore. i'm liking it! only issue is the the inflatable pillow in the hood is a bit bulky. it shouldn't be too much of a problem though, i can see myself taking it out for regular use and stowing it in the hood for flights and such. same thing with the blanket, it only fits in the "blanket pocket" if you use a tight ranger roll, which would be hard to do anywhere other than on the floor. otherwise, everything is as advertised. can't wait to use it on my travels!
did anyone from the east coast recieve their tracking email yet? i havent gotten one yet and i was just wondering because the update said they were going to start sending them out early this week.
northern california here...just received my windbreaker today. the fit and quality is surprisingly good for small size. honestly only complaint i have is the detatched travel pillow. cant help but feel a bit mislead since i expected some custom pocket/design that would allow quick access to the pillow when im seated and when i want to put it away (vs putting in a lining in the hood that renders the hood unusable). if i dont think too hard about how much i paid for the jacket, i would say i generally like it so far.
@ nick. good points, and i understand what you say. but i still have a problem with what appears to be unusual differences in the descriptions and valuations put on the packages for what appear to be the same or similar items. but i don't think any of us here will be able to solve it. maybe sabrina's efforts with her facebook page can help some people. i can't help but wonder if some people might have had better luck if they had printed out and taken all the e-mails we got from baubax.
@bruce, i thoroughly believe that if people had researched their own customs import duties beforehand and been prepared with the correct documentation as required they would have been able to avoid a lot of these problems. some people seem genuinely surprised they had to pay any taxes at all which is odd and those that did didn't seem to go to much effort to try and fix what seems to be an incorrect valuation. honestly the problem with trying to figure it out  here though is we simply don't know why any particular customs officer charged what they charged, it could come from being sent by one non-english speaking country to another and therefore the way the declaration was written is ambiguous, i personally believe this is the case from what i've read on here but it could just as easily be the fault of the shipping company not doing it properly to begin with, most customs departments are used to valuations being incorrect on labels, it often happens when people want to make sure insurance coverage is high enough so they apply a higher valuation and as such there are usually procedures in place to correct this at the time of receiving or not too long afterwards.
i guess i'm one of the "lucky" few to receive my jacket. i got a size small, the fit is okay, but the pockets on the top right are located in the same spot (front and back) and create a lot of bulk. it looks terrible and fits awkwardly because of this design choice. i waited this long to be terribly disappointed with the outcome. i'm going to stick with backing trusted clothing companies on kickstarter like rpmwest.
@ rolts - somehow i missed your response to larry. thanks. you made the point very well for those of us who keep lurking around here.
@ nick - re naim's fees versus sarah. you're probably right. but this is just what we have been talking about. there is no logic for such wide differences in fees for what should be the same or similar valued packages.
@ larry - re your questions - i am just a backer of the baubax project like you and all the others here. i have no other connection to baubax - other than my money i paid for three jackets. i have backed several other kickstarter projects, which you can see if you click on my icon. i also backed a few other projects on another account i created a few years ago. as i said some time back, i probably won't back any more projects because most of the ones i have backed have not provided products, or the products i got did not meet their objectives or my expectations. the jury is still out on this one. do i respond to every post? no, not by a long shot. but, i do respond to the questions that get repeated too regularly from people seeking answers. since they cannot get their answers from baubax, i and several others such as rolts, nick, alex, steve and a few others, try to help them as best we can. we have tried to provide some logic, sense and order to the chaos created by the baubax project. do i respond to a lot of posts? well, maybe. i respond to those where i think i can provide useful information, often because no one else has responded to their questions. people come here looking for help and answers. if no one else has helped them, i try to do so. plus, i find this has been an interesting and enjoyable exercise. why? well, i have a lot of time. i am retired. and i am already at my computer doing other work, or projects i am involved with. am i an expert? not on the clothing industry. but i am an mba. i am a certified public relations professional. i worked in two corporations over 37 years, including managing a corporate communications organization for more than a decade. i also spent 27 years in the u.s. army reserves, retiring as a lieutenant colonel. i say all this to make the point that i believe i am qualified from my experience to comment on many of the issues and problems of this project. are my responses too wordy? yes. please feel free to skip any of my posts. you certainly are not required to read them. i hope this satisfies your curiosity.
h.t.  i've listed places where one can lodge complaints here:  https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/ i'm currently investigating the possibility of starting a class action lawsuit.  i'll be posting more about that there.
hey, alex!  where did you confirm indiegogo people are getting jackets ahead of kickstarter?  i don't see anything new on the indeigogo page and i'd like to document it.  thanks!
@kp, i am in australia, and i don't even get any tracking info. up to now.
according to indiegogo, baubax will start to ship for them beginning 14th march. if we don't receive any tracking info. before that date, that means baubax has breached the promise! we should not let baubax to go away with that!
is there anyone in australia that did not get jacket (s) and also do they forward shipping info before delivery..?
@ruben zurita: when your package is dispatched, an email with a tracking link is normally sent from baubax.
@ larry; the question you posed, has been asked of a number of backers, including myself, during this campaign. bruce is not associated with baubax; he is here trying to help out fellow backers. some backers have had the time available to try to assist fellow backers and / or analyse what is going on. the backers posting frequently have usually had experience from backing multiple projects and tend to read all of the updates closely. on a project of this size, there are often many new to crowd funding and as a result explanation and clarification is required. we don't always agree with each other, but in each case, the posts are an attempt to inform or highlight relevant information. when the creators post comments, the comment appears in a blue box, the logo is clear and the word 'creator' is highlighted in yellow. hope this helps.
well received from singapore. thanks guys, i'll be trying them out when i get home from work. can't be anymore excited than this. cheers
i have not yet received my pledged jacket.  can you help track my delivery?
alex, it's possible that all the non-us orders have now been sent (or very close) and that is why they are sending the indiegogo ones from the hong kong fulfillment centre, the fact that the us ones have been delayed should certainly not cause them to not send out the ones from hong kong. touch of modern undoubtedly have far more mature shipping procedures and may be sending them via better postal methods that have allowed them to arrive before the kickstarter ones. the only way to make sure of this not happening would have been for baubax to purposefully hold onto the jackets from tom and other sites until all other jackets have been confirmed delivered, instead i would bet they've started sending them as soon as the kickstarter ones all cleared the hk fullfillment center which makes sense. if you were an indiegogo backer and you discovered that your jacket was just sitting in a hong kong warehouse ready and able to be sent out but wasn't just because there were other jackets in transit, how would you feel about that? also, once again in relation to the pillow, the gif and the video on the campaign page clearly show and tell you that it sits in the hood, yes they said "built in" but it clearly indicates and shows how the pillow works in conjunction with the hood. @bruce, in regards to the difference between say sarah and naim for instance it could just come down to plain luck, a lot of people would be able to tell you that they don't necessarily check every single parcel that comes through. for those of you that overpaid in the uk there is a system in place to recover tax from overdeclared items, this is an extract from https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/notice-143-a-guide-for-international-post-users/notice-143-a-guide-for-international-post-users#postal-packages-imported-arriving-from-countries-outside-the-eu 3.6  where can i ask about or query a customs charge? if you have any questions about a particular customs charge you should contact the border force at the postal depot shown on the charge label as soon as possible using form bor286. when you write to the border force you should include as much detail as you can, including the customs charge label, the customs declaration and the part of the wrapper with your address on it. if your claim is about overcharged tax because the declared value of the goods was incorrect you will need to supply evidence, for example, an invoice, receipt of purchase etc, to support your claim. the border force deal with thousands of packages every day and without this information they may not be able to trace your particular package in their records. in the event of a claim you should retain copies of all wrappings and documents until your claim is settled. others have said they have had to provide a "receipt" and in lieu of baubax sending them (which they didn't) i would gather they have used either a bank statement showing the charge for the items and/or the pledge amount from here on kickstarter. the 8 pound fee seems to be unavoidable for the items being sent as all the items from this campaign are over the threshold and as such incur duty and therefore the handling fee, so far i checked parcel force, royal mail and several others and they all charged that same fee and should all be charging the same legally required import duties, don't be afraid to question them and make sure you take in your evidence as mentioned.
@naim when was your bomber dispatched? and do you happen to remember when the customs process started? mines currently awaiting customs and has been since the 29th. so hoping to get an understanding of what the timeline maybe.
@bruce, i ordered 1 bomber jacket for usd139 + usd20 for postage. i don't mind paying vat but it drives me mad when they are not consistent! i just hope that it turns out alright. good luck to the other backers.
i got my sweatshirt and blazer. execution on the hood is soso... lining on the sweatshirt does not look like it can cope with a tablet... i have a long flight coming up... sweatshirt will be a good companion
@bruce gilliland i am curious. what exactly is your relationship with either baubax or kickstarter? you respond to almost every post. are you an official or unofficial representative or spokesperson for these two entities? if not, why your keen interest and expenditure of a significant amount of your time posting to other backer's comments?
#all good
dll good points bruce. i also think there is also value in the whole buying experience itself, which can be added or desctructive. for me, no matter the quality of the materials and construction, baubax have made the whole experience bitterly disappointing. the two latest example are when they tell backers today that they can't reveal their returns policy yet (perhaps they need another 9 months to work it out...) and when it emerges today that they are sending jackets to indiegogo customers before kickstarter ones.
ok - naim said he would have to pay 28.45 pounds. sarah yip said she had to pay no extra fees for a package valued at usd99. so, tell us naim and sarah - what did you order? what accounts for the difference in import fees here? is it the type and number of jackets?
@ naim - your last post came in while i was typing my last one. but your comments confirm exactly what i was saying. i hope you are one of the lucky ones that gets a well-made jacket and that the import costs don't add too much of an extra cost to the total.
@ steve, @ alex - back from supper (dinner for non-southerners). steve's point is right on. the features that set baubax jackets apart have some problems which i won't repeat here. we all know what they are now. the point that alex raises is are we getting real value for our money? for those who got jackets with problems and for those who had to pay high import fees, they may say no. if your main objective was to get a jacket with several pockets, there are other products - some that cost less than what backers paid, but also a lot that cost as much or more than what early backers paid. yes, a lot of backers, especially those in the u.s. who won't have import fees (we better not) and who got bombers will be more likely to be satisfied. but we are going to see a lot (a significant minority?) who will say they did not get their money's worth when all costs are considered as well as the overall quality.
@nick, the point of this post was to know if other backers were charged differently and if the charges were actually based on the indicated price. no need to be a wanker. anyone could do that and get the generic answer from parcel force. thanks @alex and @sarah, i appreciate it. anyway after all the hype, it is really interesting to see if we got what we wanted to believe we were buying, which essentially is a jacket with multiple compartments + extras �
i'm in the uk and i didn't have to pay anything for customs, my package was marked 'others' with a value of usd99.
@nick wallace no need to be a prat to @naim. and thanks for the patronising tone...no way they would have made $9m in sales based on 8 pockets. it's all the the other features obviously that got people interested - you can't just dismiss them as 'a few extras'. the built-in inflatable neck pillow that easily hides inside the hood of the jacket is not really built-in and not easily hiding in the hood. i'd call that an issue. and the "hood mask", as you say, doesn't stay up properly.
thanks @nick. seems that i must suffer this mortal coil.
hi @alex, they said i could pay online, phone, cheque or cash at the depot. did you face the same situation?
@naim, let me google that for you: http://www.parcelforce.com/help-and-advice/receiving/i-have-received-customs-charge https://www.gov.uk/trade-tariff about 557,000 results (0.66 seconds)
@alex, then you obviously weren't aware of what you were purchasing when you backed this project as it's obviously a jacket with a myriad of different pockets designed to try and make life a bit more convenient when travelling along with a few other extras such as the stylus/pen, gloves, neck pillow etc... look at the picture, it even says the word "pocket" a total of 8 times right at the top of the screen. so far the pillow seems to not quite be what people were expecting, though they never actually did elaborate on it or exactly how it worked during the campaign, we all decided for ourselves what it is and it has not matched everyones expectations, the description even says that "it hides inside the hood" and the woman in the gif using it with the blue jacket quite clearly shows it is detachable and even says so when describing, so not entirely sure what others were expecting? the gloves i'm 50/50, not sure if they are actually small or if it's more a case of people not realising the built in ones are half scoop and/or haven't found the most optimal way of putting them out of the way when not in use and the stylus seems to be fine, only a handful of reports of problems with them which is well within the realm of expectations. infact it seems the "hood mask" is the only part that seems to be a universal issue in regards to it staying up when using just the hood, can't really comment on that till i've gotten mine and can see it for myself though.
how did they ask you to pay it?
hi naim, that sounds about right based on uk tax law.
hi guys, anyone here received their package in the uk? i've received a letter from parcel force saying that the custom charges amount to £28.45! breakdown is import vat of £20.45 and clearance fee of £8.00. seems quite high to me! anyone in a similar situation?
@bruce, i think that was alex's point. it's those "travel" features that are getting the most criticism. most people seem pretty happy with the pockets (except a few that have a pocket stitched closed).
hi @bruce. agreed. thought i was presenting a gloomy picture for our heavily-delayed, troubled, overpriced purchase and you've met my hand and raised it! i definitely didn't spent $200 for a jacket blessed with a technological innovation they are calling 'pockets' that i could put travel things in. i have several of those already...
@ alex - i'm not even sure about that. not counting the front '"hand warming pockets," which all jackets have, there are seven pockets based on the picture at the top of the page. i can find any number of jackets and vests that have two or three times that many pockets. it was the pillow, hood mask, glove, optional blanket, and pen/stylus that set the baubax jacket apart from others already on the market.
@ kat - mexico is part of north america, so yes, any orders there should come from one of the u.s. facilities. skimming through the latest messages - i hope you are rolts aren't getting into a "kat" fight about what is legal and illegal for customs declarations. the main issue, which i think we all agree on, is the illogical and incorrect valuations put on the packages that bear no resemblance to what the backers paid for the jackets.
thought for the day: given the varying degrees of satisfaction with the 'travel' elements of the 'travel jacket', have we all essentially spent $200 on a jacket that (wait for it...) has a lot of pockets?
@sabrina,  my guess, and this is only my guess, is that us backers will not have to pay duties/taxes.  baubaux would have had to pay those fees on their shipments when they arrived in the us.  canadians will have to pay duties and taxes, based on where the garments were manufactured and china has one of the highest levies on clothing for canada customs. i'm also guessing that the requirement for baubax to pay duties/taxes are exactly why all other orders are being shipped directly from china.  i recall a point in time when shipments to mexico were supposed to come from the us.  or am i wrong about that?  i know they are now shipping to mexico directly from china.  there are fulfillment centres around the globe they could have mass shipped to and distributed from there.
commercial sample product, value $89 is what was declared in my case as well. as customs held back my parcel & i had to present the receipt in order to get it, it was taxed the correct amount in the end (this is germany - €25.42). it's all rather curious. am i correct in assuming that us backers will not have to pay any duties/taxes due to them receiving the jackets from a us-based warehouse?
received my windbreaker on saturday in socal. i also received two emails with tracking info.
@john... lol  my theory hole poking stick is set aside for this one.  mainly because i believe your theory to be more of a... probability.
@ owen gm  i would't be so sure about that.
@rolts.  i ditto your sentiment.
@kat @rolts @owen regardless of the illegality of it - i'm sure if any action was taken, the blame would *probably* be pushed onto the shipping company - i'm sure baubax just kind of dropped everything on them and anything that is faulty with the shipping(shipping damages,customs duties,timing,etc.) wouldn't be their fault.. as far as they might be concerned. that being said i've yet to receive a notification even (let alone any sort of invoice) so someone please poke holes in my... theory?
@ kat: i pledged in at $us129. the declared value should have been that amount, i believe. still no tax implication for me, but carries the risk of interception by customs on grounds on incorrectly completed documentation (although unlikely one on package of clothing). that would have been an area of red tape to be avoided unless you are a masochist.
@kat: i completely agree that the way it's being done, with the random declaration of goods/values, could potentially lead to legal action if anyone actually looked into it. that being said, i'm not sure if anyone would actually look into it.
@rolts, they under declared the value of your bomber then?  even if the sum total was supposed to add up to the value of the bomber alone, the cheapest pledge for a bomber was $99.00.  so, what they did there is illegal anyway.  if it's illegal to mark a package as a gift, it would also be illegal to mark a package with a lesser value.  and wouldn't it also be illegal to mark a package as a commercial sample? i'm totally cool with paying duties and taxes, as it's expected.  i think everyone should really expect that and i don't think it's fair to *ask* them to send the jackets as "gifts".  that said... illegal is illegal is illegal.  there aren't *degrees* to legalities.
@ steve: it's almost as if they have used a random generator to fill in that section of the docket. as an aside: saw you backed the qualmeter project, did you see this one? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/echolondon/ironwire-10-cables-strong-enough-to-pull-a-car
@rolts. yesterday @ege celik from france posted that his was marked "commercial sample product" with a value of $89 instead of$149 that he paid. he was not charged any import duty. very inconsistent.
@elizabeth millhouse  thanks for letting me know.  once i do hear something i plan on posting immediately.  i'm very frustrated by the vague information that is being provided to us on shipping.  and trust me i understand logistics and shipping especially with this magnitude of a venture.
has anyone in nyc received their coats yet?
@kim someone from norcal received theirs yesterday - they also received the tracking info twice before the delivery, iirc.
has anyone in california received their tracking/jacket yet? i understand that the demand was really high for these jackets but i don't think that once a month updates are really acceptable, especially for people who are super new to kickstarter projects. every day that is going by is just building on the huge amount of regret i have for funding this project.
@ kat; although we have disagreed during the campaign, we are in complete agreement regarding the declared value of the jackets for customs.  the declared value on my single bomber jacket was just bizarre; three garments @ $us25 each. luckily, here in australia, this had no impact on duties and taxes, but i thought it most peculiar. the elevated/random declared values being put on the packages has substantial repercussions for many backers. baubax should have ensured its logistics partner got this right. once fees are paid to import an item, it is often a nightmare to have them refunded    the gift comment was made by a uk resident, asking why it couldn't be marked as a gift to save taxes. others have pointed out that this an illegal practice. i don't believe any have been shipped marked as gifts.
i'm in the uk and £28 customs (which is about what i expected) for my blazer, which should be in tomorrow's post and i cannot wait!!!
i am also backer #187!!!!!
karin, i am in the dallas area and i have not received any notification and i have a bomber coming!!
@ michael - if baubax does what they say, you will be able to exchange the jacket for another size, but you will have to pay shipping both ways. so far, baubax has not announced how they will handle this.
jacket arrived today(arizona, usa ) intact.  quality appears to be solid upon initial inspection. the sizing however...i ordered and received a large. it is quite small compared to other jackets made in the same country and is a very snug fit.  if i was thinking about layering with this jacket it would be uncomfortable.
@desiree: may i direct you tohttps://www.facebook.com/baubaxfunders/
@desiree: was it declared accurately for the cost of the items?
got my bomber jacket and sweatshirt today. had to pay 132,14 euro's on import duty & taxes! ofcourse i expected to pay import duty/tax but this is ridiculous
@jason: no one from baubax is reading this, otherwise they might have chimed in sometime in the last 2 months. as for refund, 99.999999~% chance of that not happening. the only thing you can do is wait for the jacket, and use it next winter(not like it expires...) or sell it yourself.
hi guys.  not sure who is reading this, but at this point i would like my money back and to cancel my order.  i was hoping to have my jacket through winter and now it's march.  i'm not even remotely interested anymore in this jacket as i've had to move on and buy a few others to support my winter needs.   i feel that based upon customer feedback of those who received theirs, coupled with the super long wait time, that i be compensated with a refund.  what can we do to get that rolling?
@ kat - i have to agree with you on this one. there is enough anecdotal evidence from many comments to indicate that the same jackets had different values on them. it just doesn't make sense. were there problems in trying to translate u.s. dollars into chinese money and then into currencies of recipient countries? and having to pay taxes on cheap water bottles and cheap gloves? i don't think people objected to paying import fees, but they should pay on the value of the jackets the backers paid. the documents on the boxes should have listed the value in u.s. dollars (what the backers paid) and let the customs officials work from that. baubax screwed up on this one.
@mandy richards i live in alaska also and have not received any notification of shipping. :(
what i find even more amazing @jan ellermeier, is that shipments are being sent out with such inconsistencies as:  values declared as triple the pledge amount, contents declared with a lesser than pledged value and noted as "commercial sample" and, forgive me if i'm wrong  because i don't care to scroll through all the comments, i recall seeing at least one comment saying it was noted as a "gift". that's most astonishing.
@daniel kim in dallas - what delivery service did you receive notification from? i'm in dallas too but haven't heard a word about tracking or delivery on my pledge. did you order a bomber?
amazing that people are surprised that they need to pay taxes for shipments arriving from non-eu countries or even suggest that the sender should illegally declare them as gifts...
re sweatshirts - based on the comments from euling and peter below, it appears that baubax has a definite problem with the workmanship, quality and fit of the sweatshirts. this matches other recent comments about the sweatshirt. baubax said they would exchange jackets for a different size. i wonder what would happen if you requested to swap for another sweatshirt of the same size? of course, this assumes that baubax follows through with its commitment. they have made no announcement concerning this.
i sent an email march 2, have not received a response (aside from the automated response). since i am deeming the product to be damaged - i have initiated a dispute inquiry with my credit card company. baubax is welcome to send me a pre-paid shipping label for return if they want the product back (sweatshirt hoodie). to re-iterate, the product was opened just to inspect. stitching was coming apart from the main zipper (on the outside), stitching was separating on both inside zippers as well. glove hole was not present for the integrated glove on the right hand (only present on the left hand, and properly stitched there).
i have not receive my bombers yet from taiwan. only 3 days left from latest update 18, hope can get shipping information tomorrow morning when i wake up and receive my bombers soon.
live in australia - received mine at the end of last week. i ordered a sweatshirt and a bomber. still satisfied with the purchase, but do agree with most of the comments on here. the bomber was quite nice in my opinion. i ordered xs and it fit pretty well. only issue was the bulkiness of the pillow when in the hood - don't know if this is worse for the xs size, but having it in meant i couldn't pull the hood over properly and the eye mask was sitting on top of my head like a headband. the sweatshirt was nice enough and a decent fit, but the hood also had the same issue. in addition, the neoprene wasn't of the same quality as used in the bomber, only one of the zippers appeared to be ykk, the interior lining material was quite thin (meaning frequent use of heavy items e.g. ipad pocket would probably result in faster wear and tear), and my passport pocket was sewn shut. all in all, i'm not overly upset with the purchase, but definitely prefer the bomber. i'm happy i bought these both via kickstarter though, because i'm not sure they would be worth the full price. hope this helped :)
march 1 update said: west coast: last week we shipped out 1,121 orders from our west coast (nevada) warehouse and 432 have been delivered. in next 72 hours we will be shipping out 5,250 more orders. it is now march 8 and there is no indication my 2015 christmas gift is on its way.
@ angel g - here is what i posted about an hour ago on shipments in the eastern u.s. - re: east coast backers - as owen noted below, we don't know for sure if the east coast facility is up and running yet. it was supposed to start shipping this week according to update 18. but until someone reports getting a notice we won't know for sure.
if anyone else in alaska ordered a jacket,  have you received your shipping notifications yet?  i'm trying to figure out if we're considered the west coast.  thanks!
any sweatshirts shipping to windy city?  what is time frame?
@ jason - unfortunately, you are not the only person to comment today negatively about the windbreaker. re size - baubax said they would exchange jackets for a different size, if you pay the shipping costs not ways. but they have not yet posted any information on how to do this. re zippers - someone earlier today or last night noted, in response to my comments yesterday, that right-handed zippers may be an american thing. in other parts of the world, the zipper pull is on the left for males as well as females. re gloves - i would not be surprised if all the gloves are the same size. others have commented on their small size. re pillow - if you want to carry it with you, put it in the ipad pocket as someone else suggested.
never got any shipping info for us still.....
no shipping information. no jackets till today from taiwan
@owen yeah, i know.. i'm trying to apply "wurm logic" (from a mmo "wurm online" if you're familiar) basically, you flow what would logically happen with what wouldn't logically happen.. @daniel kim thanks for the heads up, do you think could you provide the email address the email came from?
rec'd my first order of the windbreaker. first would like to know from others if it is expected that the zipper on the male jacket is on the wrong side i.e. zipper on the left not the right. want to make sure i got the male version as it is an l but a bit small. also, gloves that came were s not an m like i ordered. and boy are they small. i've written to baubax with no response yet. did not come with blanket though it say it has it on the packing slip (also says the gloves are m though they have an s on the item themselves.). a bit disappointed in the pillow as it really doesn't fit inside the hood nicely. if there is a trick to this then please let me know. otherwise, the product is nice. i like the styling. if it wasn't for the long wait and blaming the chinese holiday for delays i don't think i would be upset, but with all the delays and then to receive wrong size gloves and no blanket...
not seeing many comments for west coast usa.  i'm in california, no tracking number received yet.
checking in late this morning. re: east coast backers - as owen noted below, we don't know for sure if the east coast facility is up and running yet. it was supposed to start shipping this week according to update 18. but until someone reports getting a notice we won't know for sure. re size exchange - baubax said they would accept swaps for a different size. but they have not yet posted information about how to do this. you must write support@baubax.com and ask when this information will be provided. please post here any responses you get. re quality and fit - we are still seeing a mix of positive and negative comments about the quality. it does appear that the sweatshirt and windbreaker tend to get more negative comments, and the bomber is the main one getting positive comments. as i discussed yesterday, this may be a manufacturing plant issue. re pillows - i didn't see many positive comments. the best suggestion was to take it out of the hood and put it in the ipad pocket when not in use. another person reported the pillow case zipper breaking. re customs duties and taxes - i did see where one person was able to get their customs fees reduced when they presented a copy of the invoice. it is very unfortunate that the shipper made such a gross error in mislabeling the package value. but there is little in the way help we can offer here. each country is different in their fees - and in their procedures. please check out this page set up to try to help those who are having customs issues: https://www.facebook.com/baubaxfunders/ re: no notices yet - don't forget to check your junk or trash folders in your e-mail app. also, i assume they hong kong facility has not finished shipping yet. we can be sure the u.s. nevada facility has not finished shipping. as we know, some people get their jackets without getting any notice. if i am lucky, the easter bunny may bring my jackets. i doubt saint patrick will.
backer from germany, package is now at customs, since baubax didn't put the receipt on the outside. i now have to pay extra customs and storage and drive far to retrieve my package. not to even mention the delay...
i'm a backer from texas (dallas area).  i received shipping notice 3/2 saying my sweatshirt was on its way.  then the same shipping notice on 3/4 with the same info from 3/2.  last i checked, it's scheduled to arrive tomorrow.
no shipping information , no jackets nothing till today! from hong kong
no shipping information (germany) - no jacket - nothing till today :(
@john: logic (which as stated, i believe, by bruce sometime yesterday doesn't apply here) would dictate that it be from nevada, but this is baubax.
also - @alex as much as i like being told i right - i'm totally up for someone to prove kat and i aren't about that.. and on a side note, i'm hoping someone else from texas is able to mention once they get a notification and/or delivery.. i have no idea if we were classified as east or west coast..
backer from hong kong..i hv order a bomber jacket since last year.but i still got nth.i hv try to contact manytimes.but still dont got any reply..
@alois hierlwimmer how did you manage? i got charged over sixty euros between tax and duty for a single jacket here in germany :(
@tara: this was mentioned yesterday: midori hirai 1 day ago "@kan jin - norcal here, received mine. i got my tracking number twice before i got my jacket. .. mine came via ups, final delivery by usps."
us backers - did your item come usps or fedex/ups? did you receive shipping notification at all? thanks!
backer from singapore who ordered 3 bombers, 1 male and 2 females. have not gotten anything at all so far!
hong kong received my windbreaker yesterday, totally over priced  the pillow is just hidden in the hood, nothing to do with built in, its now too bulky/ heavy to put it in the hood i end up paying over price for a windbreaker with just a lot of pockets the gloves and the eye mask were with cheap cloth quality too my first time to back a clothing in kickstarter and will hesitate in the future thanks to baubax
from the sounds of it, the pillow wasn't thoroughly tested with all the different sizes. i'm wondering if everyone who is having issues with it have the same size jacket/hoodie/etc
sorry, not today, this week
@rony: as far as i've been able to see, the freight containers might not even be at the port yet. i *think* they are supposed to arrive near the distribution center(i think) today.
anybody on east coast got anything yet? tracking, jacket?
i have not received my order and i am in australia i bought 2 jackets. i will contact them as well
just left a note a couple of days ago. i just wanted to say that, yes, i am very disappointed with how delivery was handled and yes, i am very disappointed i had to pay £28 to clear customer but i have the bomber in my hands and man, oh man, it's pretty cool! :-) so, not a positive buyer experience but at least the product is worth it!
backer from singapore. just got mine yesterday, ordered 2 bomberes! very pleased with them :)
interesting comments about the "built in"neck pillow.  i just watched the campaign video again and you can very clearly see editing when the girl in the girl in the red bomber reaches behind her toward the hood *splice* and pulls out her "built in neck pillow". https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
still not even shipping notification in chicago usa. maybe this week?
it's a great product and very smart design.  but i think there are lots to improve on both the production side and delivery cycle.  i only bought the sweatshirt, so i can only comment on that.  first, it probably chose the wrong kind of knitwear machine for production or even the wrong kind of apparel factory.  since they have so many different kinds of apparel, they probably couldn't figure out how to spread to different specialized factories.  since we know it is made in china, the sweatshirt at most should be only $60-70.  seriously, the front zipper is ykk and the rest looks hmmmmm china. if heavy delays were by factory, then baubax might have been compensated, but we as consumers didn't get anything for backing them early.  the delays might well be instead the inexperience miscommunications between baubax and the factory, which is a bigger concern going forward.  delivery is not only about shipment, but instead it is the understanding of both fabric and garment during production.  honestly, the ipad and cellphone pockets could've been made with a different fabric and technique, making it less stretchable. these are only my thoughts for the sweatshirt, but i do feel that there are lots of improvements in all the whole series.  they have done a great with the design and marketing, but real deal is still lacking.  respectfully disappointed.
can someone from baubax please respond to my emails. my jacket got returned to sender due to a delivery issue.
extra £27 for customs!!!
picked mine up from the local german customs office. i had to pay 20€ extra tax, but you should know that if you order from a foreign county... the only thing i'm really frustrated about is the neck pillow... i can relate to earlier postings: "...and since there's no real way to securely keep the pillow inside the hood, just a giant flap of fabric that is all floppy," "...the neck pillow is a hoax! this is just a standard 10$ neck pillow throw into the hood. completely not integrated nor the same material."
wow ! i received my bomber jacket , today. fitting is perfectly wonderful , great product. thanking the entire baubax team for a creative jacket.
@andrew mcnally, probably because that would be illegal and they probably didn't want to be fined up to 45,000 times because you figured you should be exempt from paying the customs fees you're legally required to pay and should likely have been aware of before placing an order for something that has to be imported. this is an entirely different situation from others who paid more tax than they should have.
received mine today. living in taipei, taiwan. ordered a charcoal sweatshirt men's medium size. agree with comments from other backers, the sweatshirt has somehow awkward fit. i am 177cm tall and weight about 70kg, the entire thing feels a bit baggy (longer sleeves, wide sleeve width, jacket runs loooong), but somehow the shoulder lines are perfect; which makes me a bit hesitant to exchange for a size small. all the features are fine since we all watched the campaign video and bought into this product, but the neck pillow is definitely a blow imho. it is not integrated whatsoever, and feels extremely heavy and clumsy in the hood, not to mention the little buttonhole is not reinforced, so i suspect that buttonhole will deteriorate pretty quickly just by holding the weight of the neck pillow.
been charged an extra £28 for customs! why you don't write gift on the parcel!!! i should have just waited until they came on sale in uk and i would probably have saved myself some money!!
@dang khoa nguyen you're not alone. no email, no shipping notice from a backer living in rome (it)
any news in south east asia ? im living vietnam ... didnt get anything yet, no tracking number, no email, so frustrating ...
i got my hoodie 2 days ago, and i'm super happy with it. i hate bulky jackets, and tend to just wear a hoodie throughout the winter(in colorado), and this is way thicker and warmer than normal ones! my only complaint is that the first time i opened the zipper to inflate the pillow, the zipper immediately split and the zipper pull popped off and i still can't find it in my carpet. and since there's no real way to securely keep the pillow inside the hood, just a giant flap of fabric that is all floppy, i'm going to keep the pillow separate and just bring it with me if i think i'll need it. apart from the pillow fail, though, i do love the hoodie, and am happy with my purchase! :)
i have not received any shipment tracking but a couple of days ago the sda express carrier, contacted me for the delivery of the sweatshirt and the bomber. the package was almost open on one side so that almost could see inside. they also asked me to pay almost € 110 for customs fees, a huge import taxes that because hong kong shipment company has overestimated the value of the bomber and the sweatshirt ... i refused to take package and i refused the delivery: the parcel conditions was terrible and could miss something inside. at the time of the your fundraiser campaign, it was not specified that i should have to pay customs costs. why you have not thought to have a logistics base in europe? i have joined with enthusiasm to your project but now i am very disappointed because of the long delay in deliveries and for these excessive customs duties. now, how can you solve?
just a special request for an urgent shipping,  as i leave on 18th of march.  would it be possible to have my order shipped soon? i noticed a lot of pimple have had their 4 packs delivered already.
hi i received my jacket today, the top left pocket was stitched inside when i tried to open it just got torn. really poor quality material of the inside pockets.
received my bomber jacket and windbreaker today. was shocked to find out that while i paid 208usd, there was an extra 104 usd declared for the (cheap) water bottle and the gloves. i had to pay 50% more import taxes, due to these cheap very heavily over rated items. my total taxed where 112 euros! so in total i paid more then 35) usd for these 2 jackets. the windbreaker feel very cheap, and yes as other have mentioned the neck pillow is a hoax! this is just a standard 10$ neck pillow throw into the hood. completely not integrated nor the same material. i do not understand why both jackets are the "same" price as the bomberjacket is a much nicer product. i am really disappointed with the quality of the inside pockets for you phone. they are made of the same inliner material and are flimsy and provide no protection for you phone / ipad. all in all, the bomberjacket is ok, the windbreaker is way over priced. compared to normal jackets out there on the market, sorry, but the baubaux is not extra special. i have a hugo boss jacket here, with the same amount of pockets (expect the "ipad pocket") and is of much higher quality build. reading about their poor customer support, i feel hopeless to even complain about why on earth they declared 50% more value then i paid for, increasing my import taxes. i seriously doubt baubaux will be a lasting company. which is said, as i really had hoped they would make more new innovative products. but seeing the first one already is a hoax, no hope for the future.
the post man delivered mine  here in ireland today thanks ...no import tax to pay ;-p
@ashley chan: mine is male/bomber/blue/s size, and i want to change xs size, blue or black. can you exchange with me? please contact: uit.lvt@gmail.com thanks
for backers staying in singapore. eva have started a facebook group. this facebook group link is for singapore based backers only, some are trying to swap sizes so less jackets will be send back for exchange and u guys could split the cost, which will be much cheaper. putting our heads together to try to solve over declare price so won't be charge high gst. join the group if u are staying in singapore --->> https://www.facebook.com/groups/783956771737069/
@kat @john(sabuu) - nord you were *right* indiegogo backers are receiving theirs. this goes against what kickstarter said publically. to send out retail and indiegogo when many kickstarter backers have nothing is a kick in the teeth to kickstarter backers.
@ashley chan. sorry to hear that. they've had over six months to come up with a simple process for returns how hard can it be?  and their customer services people/management aren't the ones sweating up and down factory stairs. "currently focused on shipping out the jackets from our warehouses" or absolving themselves of their responsibilty, like they absolve themselves of nigh on every responsibility? pathetic.
apologies for the typos in my previous post, i.e. "to"instead of "too" and "had" instead of "head". clearly must work on my proof-reading skills.
after having received my red bomber jacket size m yesterday, here is my verdict: the jacket looks great overall, the colour & material is just as advertised. i also like the weight of it, it does not feel too heavy. it is a good fit, so i am happy with the way it looks on me. the finger gloves work well with the handwarmers and are a good fit for my fingers (size s). the sleeves are a wee bit on the shorter side, but with the gloves not fully popped back into the sleeves it looks & feels fine (the black matches the inside of the hood). the hood itself feels a bit to small - in order to cover my entire head comfortably, the jacket gets pulled up slightly in the back. i have never had the impression that my had is too big relative to my body, so that's a bit surprising. i cannot confirm issues with the eye mask slipping down, probably due to the issue of the hood itself being small. when pulling it down it barely covers my eyes, so it won't be of much use in terms of its original purpose. the pockets are as described - the "can holder" would only fit a smaller-than-usual can. however, i never intended to make use of it anyway. unless you are a fairly flat-chested woman (no offence!), i doubt many women had planned to do so based on general experience with jackets and chest pockets. equally, i had been aware when ordering that there is a general trade-off between using all the pockets (i.e. ipad, iphone etc) and the jacket fitting tightly enough to look stylish. therefore, i will not complain about looking a bit like the michelin man when stuffing the pockets with all the devices it was designed for. the neck pillow, as mentioned before, is different from what was advertised. the video clearly suggests that it would be integrated into the hood (note that the same material/colour of the jacket/sweatshirt covering the pillow is shown in the video). in that sense the advertising was rather misleading. aside from this, the pillow itself in- and deflates quickly and i will make use of it separately when travelling. i haven't used the jacket extensively, given that i only received it yesterday, but cannot see any faults in terms of seams, loose threads, zippers etc. only time will tell how well it manages daily use. personally, i am happy to have a nice-looking jacket. however, i probably would not have spend a total of approx. 180$ to buy this jacket, as i could have gotten a higher-quality jacket from other producers. on top of this, the total lack of communication as well as repeated reports of irregularities relating to perversely high customs charges due to incorrect declaration on the part of the shipping company has really upset me. i believe that kickstarter is a fantastic platform for start-ups and the baubax campaign looked very promising (the high number of backers is testament to that). however, i'd be hard-pressed to come up with a worse example in terms of customer/backer service. their whole approach of "if we don't directly address it, they can't hold it against us" is completely unacceptable in this day and age. the most successful companies have realised a long time ago that being problem solvers for their customers beyond the production of the product is what you makes you a great company. not sending out a wishy-washy shipping timeline. not showering yourself with compliments reporting an "outpour" of love from customers having received the jacket when there is plethora of other urgent issues that needed addressing at that point in time. not going awol when sh** hits the fan. i have worked in business for 17 year now and can only offer this word of advice for the founder's mba and further career - keep the bs level low and focus on one single thing: integrity. that's what differentiates you from the rest. lastly, i repost the link to the facebook page where backers who have found themselves having to cough up too high customs charges can share their story and collaborate with others. i believe that additionally to a single complaint to baubax's support team, being able to also back this up with a number of similar complaints may come in handy. so here's the link: https://www.facebook.com/baubaxfunders/
@patrick ng well,i got the same problem too, i got a xs bomber and windbreaker and it's a little bit small for me . so i sent a email and ask about it .here's their reply:  agent 002 (baubax) mar 3, 10:33 hello, thank you for writing to us. we are happy to offer an exchange. as we are a small team, currently focused on shipping out the jackets from our warehouses to other backers we will get back to you with the next steps within a couple of weeks. please do not use the products and keep them stored in the shipping box. please make sure the hang-tag on the jacket is not removed and the items are placed in the original polybag, otherwise we will not be able to exchange the items. thanks, melissa
aus: got my jacket today, and it is great. thanks for a high quality product. i didn't have to pay any customs tariff. thanks everyone.
@rene weber please leave an update, if you had to pay customs or not.  i'm still waiting for my tracking number in germany. ;)
@chris s. yes i think the ipad pocket will be where i put the neck pillow if i don't keep it in the hood as i don't tend to travel with an ipad, just a small ereader so there should be plenty of room. i guess i'll see when i load it up for travel. and in regards to the drink pocket, i never really got it with the intention of using it for that purpose (i'm the kind of person who would forget it's there, lean over and spill it everywhere) but i will probably find plenty of use for it for other items that i want handy, perhaps snacks or maybe things like sleeping pills for travelling!
got my blazer yesterday here in norway. haven't tested it yet in action but it looks great. tracking for shipment worked fine too.
received information from german customs. the package comes from switzerland and since it has to customs declaration, no invoice and no delivery note, they kept it and i have to get it from there by a 20km drive.  for sending to germany, it would be great to declare the content and price, so the package can pass customs.
i got my order today in sydney australia. fantastic product. i didnt expect the jacket to be that thick and warm. what a great product. thanks all
@katherine schussler: (or any other delivered owners) esp for the bomber, a lot of the reviews i've seen have indicated that if you have mostly small gear, and no ipad, one side is heavier. how about putting the travel pillow in the ipad pocket? that any help at all?  also, the koozy pocket (upper r, as worn, i believe) is that practical and useful? or another sacrifice to reality vs marketing?
got my bomber and sweatshirt today in perth, western australia.  i'm impressed at the quality of the fabric, it's a lot thicker on the sweatshirt than i had expected. i got a womens xl for both and while the sleeves on the sweatshirt are a little long on me, i'm quite tall so i'm happy to live with that. plus it will make it more snuggly for plane trips! i must say the inbuilt gloves do seem a bit clumsy but i think once i'm used to wearing it, i'll find popping them back into the sleeves if i don't want to wear them will become an easy habit.  eye mask on the hood of the sweatshirt covers half my face! slightly smaller or perhaps just more elastic on the bomber so not quite as covering. bomber looks very smart and i like the detachable hood. again quality of the fabric surprised me. the neck pillow is super easy to inflate/deflate and while i'm not sure i'll be storing it in the hood (makes it pretty heavy), i definitely think it's easier to carry around than the travel pillow i've been using for years and i will probably end up putting it in a pocket if i need easy access to it on a plane or in my main luggage once i'm done with the plane journey. i did buy these with the intention of using them for frequent travel and with that in mind i think they will be fantastic. time will tell though i guess!
still no confirmation of shipping for my uk order, fingers crossed i get it soon! :)
no tracking or info yet. this is ridiculous, still waiting for my bomber and i don't know ever if it has been shipped. kickstarter should do something on this, really bad service.
i just got my order today it's perfect,awesome,great product,same as expectation thanks baubax and all of the staff and member
@patrick ng: can you trade with me? i have a blue bomber s size, and want to change xs size, please contact me: uit.lvt@gmail.com
in regards to a lot of people having an issue from baubax providing the wrong declared value on the shipment and then being charged horrendous amounts of duty and gst/vat etc. we had one of your sweatshirts declared with the value of us$349 (for a purchase of us$109 + us$20 shipping). the process here in new zealand works in a way that nz post holds the parcel, customs inspects it and you get a letter from nz post with a customs invoice and when that's paid, the parcel gets released and shipped to you. providing a pdf of the kickstarter pledge "invoice" and a redacted pdf of a the credit card statement to customs sorted that out and they were happy to accept that the shipper has declared the wrong value and re-valued it at us$129 as it should have been done by baubax. i know, this doesn't necessarily help people in other countries or people who've already paid a ridiculous amount of money on overinflated import duty etc. but it shows that it might be worthwhile questioning the wrong declared value with your customs authority. what is absolutely annoying though is the lack of communication from baubax. they should be ashamed for ignoring the problems they've created and for not responding here or via their support email address.
＠kevin j. liao ＠aaron chien hello taiwan backers~ i'm in tainan! @kevin i'm still waiting too. how many did you pledge for? i pledged for 6......that may be a reason why i didn't get anything neither tracking #. but i believe it will come around next 2 weeks, seems some custom thing need to be deal with. @aaron  i would like to know whether you need to pay the tax or not. i'm worried about the terrible high taxes we need to deal with.
dear sir, i have ordered totally 4 jackets and just well received, but i find that one of the xs jacket does not the fit size to wear. as i know you have the warehouse in hk, thats why i am writing to ask how can i change from size xs to s. how can i send back the xs size jacket to you for exchange? looking forward to your reply. thanks patrick ng 852-92506260
another try - watched this: https://www.facebook.com/baubax/posts/1016706825074229 - what the heck is with the pillow?! this was my favorite function and seems to be realized badly....
just watched this video of a backet
just received my blazer. quite happy with it at the moment. fits perfectly and all the seems appear to be in place, no loose threads. i haven't been able to wear it for a long period of time yet (i'm in brisbane and it's bloody hot), but will be next week on a flight to japan.  hopefully it lives up to its name!
after reading the feedbacks from today alone... i'm already concerned about the quality. i didn't mind the delays as much, but to get your moneys worth at least.  lack of communication i can brush that off as well.  but the quality?!   california shipping address here, no tracking yet.
finally got my two bombers in hong kong. they went out delivery without notice in advance and was failed in first attempt. i need to call the courier to re-arrange delivery.
a couple of notes after wearing the sweatshirt for the day. one, the stylus/pen feels awkward and bulky walking around. i clipped it to the inner phone pocket, and it's a little better there. additionally, because of what i'm carrying in the jacket (phone, phone charger, cord), the jacket is really weighed down on the left and completely empty on the right. i suppose i could balance it by putting an ipad in the right side, but that still feels/looks a little silly. the only time i'd think of doing that is maybe when i'm on a plane. also, i think i hate the earphone holder things (little elastic loops). if you're not going to just leave a headset attached to the jacket at all times, they just take forever to thread the earphones through four different loops.
sorry, i meant @bruce.
@ susan scherr - here is what i posted about 4 hours ago. re: north american shipments - or lack thereof - i will repeat what i posted a couple of times last week - update 18 from baubax said bulk shipments to the east cost facility had been delayed, and they would not begin shipping until what is now this week. i take that to mean today (monday, march 7 in north america). if they are on schedule - and that's an assumption, not a fact - then backers in the eastern u.s. and in canada should start seeing notices this week. however, that also means that it could be a week or more before the first jackets are delivered to backers. in summary, you won't know when you will get your jackets until you get a notice. and you won't get a notice (maybe) until the jackets are ready to be shipped or are shipped. that's about as accurate as anyone can be.
@brian. regarding the zippers. all jackets i have seen in other than america have the slider on the left hand side, both men's and women's. it seems that the tradition of having the men's slider on the right is only in america, although i have seen photos of people in america wearing both. classic photos of james dean wearing leather jackets are about 50-50 right and left side sliders. i note that in the baubax promotional photos the sliders are on the right, both for men and women. if the mechanisms are made of metal it may be possible to swap over the  slider & retainer box and insertion pin sides.
my email is theguiltshow@gmail.com if anyone wants to trade haha
received mine in the uk yesterday. it was shipped on the 23 feb and arrived in the uk on the 1st of march, but was only delivered to me yesterday. it was quite underwhelming, to be honest, given how many months we've waited for it. ordered a black female bomber in s and the fit was all fine until i tried to test out the hood. it is small (still fits, though) and the eye mask won't even cover my eyes. am not sure if i've simply ordered a size too small or if the hood on mine is just disproportionately small compared to the body since the fit elsewhere is fine. i was also under the impression that the inside would be fleece-lined but only both sleeves are. the inside of the body is poly-lined and hence not soft and fluffy. whenever you put it on your hands automatically slide into the hand warmers, and taking them off and stuffing them back in makes the sleeves feel awkwardly tight. i too took issue with the pillow, initially under the impression that it was built into the hood. instead you have to unbutton the inside of the hood and take out the pillow separately to blow it up. it is in no way attached to the jacket. the hood also feels heavy and odd with the pillow inside it. so underwhelmed :( if anyone has a black female bomber in m or a black male bomber in s in the uk or singapore, anyone up to trade?
anyone in florida get their reward?
hi got notice last week my order had shipped! followed tracking # that said it was delivered on 4/4/16. after an hour today at my post box talking to management, no package, no anything.  best guess is ups dropped it at local post office here in las vegas and i will have to wait and see if it shows up.
anyone from malaysia received their items?
@kevin j. liao  i will get mine by today, i ordered 4 pack of jackets.  3/1/2016 - i wrote email request tracking number 3/2/2016 - they have new update 3/3/2016 - they sent me tracking number. until today 3/8/2016 i call tw post office they will arrive around noon time. it will takes 1-2 days open up by custom in taiwan. probably takes 5 days to get it, hopefully this information helps
@ rolts - sorry, i meant to say rolts, not bolts below. i apolgize.
indonesia.. pack of 4s..  still waiting..
ps: i said some time back i hoped i would not write another doctoral dissertation. i'm sorry i lied. ;)
re jacket quality - alejandro's and shane's comments are very interesting, especially in shane's case where he has had the jacket for a week now. i wonder if others who said initially that they like the quality and fit will say otherwise after using it for some time. we have definitely had a number of backers describing various problems with fit and quality. but we have to recognize that many people had said they like their jackets. why such a wide difference? well, we can be talking about different styles of jackets. to be honest it could be the workers. one seamstress could do a great job and another do a poor job of cutting and sewing the materials. so two bombers coming from the same plant could have widely differing measurements. how likely? i can't say, other than it is possible. however, on let's say the blazer, why do some like the fabric while others call it cheap? were they using cloth from different sources? very possible. take the zippers, please! why do the men's jackets have zippers reversed from the traditional zippers on men's jackets? it's really simply. baubax or the manufacturers bought all the zippers of one type - women's zippers - and put them in both men's and women's jackets. of course, this might relate to only one type of jacket - or one of the plants. now about that inflatable pillow. we all fell for the video demo on the campaign page. i don't recall seeing any really favorable comments about the pillow. baubax had a good idea but the implementation failed to meet the reality check. the "good" news is that it can be removed if you aren't going to use it. but i suspect people taking long plane flights (say australia to scotland - bolts), or hour-long train commutes would like to have it handy. the "gloves." again a lot of less than positive comments. again a good idea that failed to translate into reality as hoped. you have to wonder if the jacket models ever said anything about the problem of the gloves. what do you want to bet that the only jacket that actually had gloves was the only that showed them in the pictures? i would not be surprised if the demo jackets shown in the photos did not have gloves. also, i doubt there was ever any picture that had a fully loaded jacket with every pocket loaded. you can bet there was never a blanket and an ipad in one of the sweatshirts or windbreakers in the demo photos. the only comments i have seen about the blanket have been largely negative. but, like the pillow, it can be left behind. the "drink" pocket. i wonder if many people have tried it. a couple of people have had negative comments about it. but i will reserve judgment until i get to try it. the pen/stylus? again, several negative comments - missing, easy to break off, cap falls off, etc. i guess for people who normally wear t-shirts and tight jeans, having a pen is a unique experience. but since we paid for it, it ought to work at least for a little while for all of us - even me who carries one or two pens and a pencil everywhere i go. and we have to also recognize that people who are unhappy are more likely to post their comments here. it may be a few more weeks before we can get a better gauge of the overall quality and fit of the jackets. but i will point out that many weeks ago, well before the manufacturing was underway, i said on a couple of occasions that the issue of quality, fit and usefulness would be the make-or-break issue - not lack of communication, not scheduling delays, not costs. the jury is still out on whether the vast majority of backers will be happy with their jackets.
i have a blue bomber, s size, but it's not fit in me. i want to change xs size, bomber or windbreaker, blue or black. please contact me if you need to change too. email: uit.lvt@gmail.com
i live in taiwan, i was wondering will i be getting it sometime this month? spring is here, already
@creator, 4 days left for international shipping!!!!!!
still no news in sydney!
so @alejandro that jacket cost you more than 230 euros in total, was 4 months late and is worse than the prototype (not forgetting the horrific communication these last four months). baubax, snake oil salesmen couldn't do any better than you at extracting money from people.
my jacket arrived at germany... 67 euros (duty plus taxes) afterwards i got it home. i won't have a first hand opinion till my girlfriend comes for her gift but out of my first impressions i am really disappointed. the finishing and quality seem cheap, the pillow is so clunky i can even figure out how it is supposed to be stored in the hood. i might change my opinion after she gives me her feedback but right now i am considering having backed this project as an absolut disaster.
@shane but this can't be right? for baubax are humbled by the mere outpour of positive feedback on your jacket. inch-by-inch it has been designed with you in mind and with baubax's attention to detail, love and passion for each jacket produced. you as a backer are loving their jacket.
ok so have the bomber jacket a week now. originally gave it 7/10. but need to change it  jacket heavier and bulkier than expected and not a great fit  pillow a load of crap, thought it looked good in promotional video but it's stored in lining of hood, didn't fit neatly back in after use, inflation behind zip and awkward  to get at.  hand warmer/ built in glove total disaster, will not go back in comfortable after first wear, constantly coming out every time you put coat on.  gloves are tiny even for small hands.  eyes cover keeps falling down when hood is up.  pen is cheap with hook holding it on zip breaking after a few days.  pockets in lining flimsy.  not worth the money if i seen it in shop most i'd pay would be $40-50. far better jackets out there for the price new rating 4/10.
delivered.  not ordered.
oh, and alex, baubax also said, in response to more than one bbb complaint, that there is no way they would fulfill third party retail sales orders until they had fulfilled kickstarter and indiegogo orders first.  but, their word and a couple of a bucks will get you on a bus somewhere in the world.  so, again, wouldn't surprise me in the least if indiegogo backers get ordered ahead of some, or many, kickstarter backers. https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
@ owen, @ brian - it looks like brian has a better answer than mine. thanks, brian.
@brian: not entirely accurate with the toronto or montreal. there is also vancouver that it could go through. i've received international mail, with tracking numbers, go from florida, to vancouver, to calgary(final destination).
@kat, it might be that the backer speaks little english and has misconstrued that he will have to pay $185 as someone else has reported that figure elsewhere (e.g. on large number of jackets plus overdeclared price). i think no indiegogos received but do agree with you about not being surprised about anything baubax do. baubax are totally chaotic and probably barely know what is going on themselves, plus perhaps their focus is on trying to make new sales on channels like taobao. if a cow is producing, milk the hell out of it and screw everything else.
@ owen - yes, it would make sense for western canada backers to get jackets from nevada. but i don't think "logic" or "common sense" is in much use here. and given that we have not heard any reports from western canada, i assumed that they were coming from the east coast facility. the only other explanation is even worst - that they are mailing u.s. jackets before canadian jackets. there is no logic in that given the hong kong facility seem able to ship all of the rest of the world at the same time.
@owen: in kickstarter land, canada gets shipped from one location, not two. my guess is that it's been put in the east coast batch. @ all canadians: please note that the shipment has to go to either toronto or montreal for customs processing, and to expect *at least* a one week delay from that as well — i'm getting 3-5 days for a baseball card through the mail! based on all my past backings here, the best way to gauge when canadians will get is to take the point after the average american gets, add two weeks, and that's when canadians will start to get theirs.
@alex.  i was initially stumped by the usd185 thing but then thought it might have something to do with duties and taxes... which also is perplexing.  hong kong is a free port with only a few items subject to duty/taxes.  i have no idea what it means and can't ask since i didn't back the project there.  it sounds to me, though, like someone having the same issues with declared values/duties/taxes.   as i said.  not 100% sure, but i wouldn't be surprised.
@bruce: that's all fine and dandy, and understood, regarding eastern deliveries(unless all of canada is being shipped through the eastern hub), but western canada should, in all logicality, be sent from the nevada hub.
@rolts : i have not really follow the news, because english is not my language (so you have already probably guess). but my bad point was not angry point, it's may be a poor choice of word, it's just an opinion on the bomber with the product in hand. for the ipad pocket, i have no regret, the surface it's too heavy anyway. for the size of the pocket i'm little disappointed, i like to have more pockets, i have two wallets, a big phone, and some stuff. but it's not serious, tomorrow i will try the most important point : is this bombers warm ? and for i can say right now, it look like it will.
re: north american shipments - or lack thereof - i will repeat what i posted a couple of times last week - update 18 from baubax said bulk shipments to the east cost facility had been delayed, and they would not begin shipping until what is now this week. i take that to mean today (monday, march 7 in north america). if they are on schedule - and that's an assumption, not a fact - then backers in the eastern u.s. and in canada should start seeing notices this week. however, that also means that it could be a week or more before the first jackets are delivered to backers. in summary, you won't know when you will get your jackets until you get a notice. and you won't get a notice (maybe) until the jackets are ready to be shipped or are shipped. that's about as accurate as anyone can be.
@kat @john(sabuu) - nord i don't agree on indiegogo.  baubax have said themselves *no* jackets have gone out (and they would love nothing better than to boast about sending jackets plus ease the pressure they are under). "i ordered from hong kong and you have warehouse in hong kong, why do i have to pay usd185 for shipping?!" - this comment doesn't make any sense, is not a multiple of $20 and i would discount it. it might mean why do i have to pay the full shipping amount, the same as backers who live in a different country to the warehouse. "having difficulty inflating neck pillow?" -this comment is more suspicious, i agree, but is still too vague to be taken seriously. both backers might also have backed under both ks and igg but commented on the wrong site.
@gouaux alexandre: i too have a surface, but i knew from early in the campaign it wouldn't fit. some backers asked early on whether some of the new, larger ipad models would fit. the answer was that it was designed for the earlier types. i tried it with my ipad with fitted case/keyboard/stand by kensington and it fits comfortably.  with regards to security of the pockets, on the exterior of the jacket there is the zipped passport pocket, the stud closure on the left breast pocket. the other two are described as hand-warmer pockets. you also have the internal phone pocket which is zipped closed. so in summary, three really secure pockets for a wallet, phone and passport. with those available, i would be reluctant to put anything of value in the hand-warmer pockets.
thanks for the response rolts, as a sew-er i have a hard time understanding why you would cover a fleece lining with a poly-lining? it's just counter intuitive, i/2 the point of fleece is that it's soft and doesn't feel cold on the skin like a poly lining....gahhh! but thanks! :)
@ jess thetip: i have received a bomber. the fleece lining is obvious in the sleeves, as they do not have a poly lining. the body of the jacket has a poly lining over the fleece. this appears to be to allow for a couple of the light weight pockets and allow easier movement with fully loaded pockets.
so i've been looking for a photo or anything that shows the inside of the bomber jacket as i was assured by baubax (when i finally received a response) that the bombers were still "fleece" lined. this is the first vid/pic that i could find https://www.instagram.com/janyn_sen/ (it's about 1/2 way down the page) and the inside does not look fleece lined, it looks like a standard poly lining... i don't want the thing if it isn't as originally stated!!! fleece is not poly lining, fleece is fluffy even if it's a poly fleece, thus why i was concerned when the indigogo campaign had a different description than the kickstarter. can anyone with a bomber jacket confirm (with photo) that the lining is in fact fleece?
@ege: it seems like there is a vast difference in what is put on everyone's package. some have paid a lot to get theirs, others almost nothing, still others paid nothing. it seems there is no rhyme or reason to what is put on, other than the possibility that either baubax is trying to screw themselves over by screwing over their customers, or the shipping company is screwing people over.
@serena i don't think you'll pay any duty. on my package, baubax said that this was a " commercial sample product " and the price was 89 instead of the 149 i spent
i am still waiting on confirmation of shipping here in arizona
after 2 days my package arrived in italy and now is "pending customs inspection". i hope it does not take too long and that i do not have to pay any duty on it, or at least, not too much.
finally got it ! i'm very happy, thank's baubax. i haven't got much time to make a video right now, but when i can i'll do it. for now, if someone have questions i'll be pleasured to answer to your questions
hello, unfortunately my xlt is a little bit too small (arm length). is there any way to exchange it for 2xlt?
i'm from atlanta, georgia, and i have no tracking number or anything. is this going to be emailed to us? i ordered 2 bomber jackets, 1 in blue and 1 in black said that shipping would complete in february, it's about to be the middle of march, so i guess i won't be able to wear the jacket until november '16 at this point. and i heard that you guys are already shipping retail people? what's up with that?
i'm from singapore and i ordered one bomber and a blanket. have not even received a tracking number yet. how are they going about delivering our products? is there a sequence?
@owen "great mountain" middleton - i'm in canada too (vancouver) and i haven't received any tracking info. i ordered the pack of 4. my friend ordered the pack of 2 and haven't gotten any tracking info either.
still nothing in midwest usa......
just got home having picked up my black blazer at the post office here in norway. one immediate nitpick would be how the neck pillow kinda hangs awkwardly when not in use, but you can easily remove it and overall i'm quite happy with the blazer. we'll see how it stands up to time and wear.
@sharon: i would love to know when the single ones going to canada are going out...i haven't seen anyone from canada say they received shipping notification at all.
anybody receive any tracking for 6 packs yet??? i'm still waiting!!! when are the 6s going out???
@kat  i agree - those comments did give off the feeling that they had received their jackets already, at least to myself.
i have mine! then in the bad : the pocket for ipad is a little too small for a surface. i would put an ebook reader instead. the pillow is not built-in at all, it is just stored in the hood, which is  annoying when you put the hood. when not in use, it is better to remove it completely. the exterior pockets are quite small and do not have button or zip, hello pickpockets. for the rest of that it's all right, the bombers is warm, gloves are good, and the look is great. i like it.
alex, i can't say with 100% certainty but i'm 99% certain based on two comments at indiegogo.  one: 3 days ago i ordered from hong kong and you have warehouse in hong kong, why do i have to pay usd185 for shipping?!! and two: 6 hours ago having difficulty inflating neck pillow?
@kan jin - norcal here, received mine. i got my tracking number twice before i got my jacket.   @melissa nicole - mine came via ups, final delivery by usps.
threatening to release private information isn't very respectful and considerate either. you can use all the proper language you want while doing it, doesn't change the fact that it's a dick move.
i am still waiting for two bombers and blazers in canada and i am not sure about customs though. did anyone in canada received the jackets??
@kat, you're probably right but are you sure about that? i really see no indiegogo reporting receiving theirs. where did you see this?
same timeline as ilkka: got the tracking number on feb 23rd, paid customs last week and picked up the bomber today. the jacket is really nice. the size is perfect for me, sleeves included. the gloves don't bother me when i stuff them up the sleeves and they feel nice in use. the neck pillow is heavy and i doubt i'll keep it in the hood, but goodness it's fast to inflate and deflate. i don't really like the blanket fabric, but i'm sure i'll find use for it. oh, and my package had pretty much the correct value stated on it. all in all, i'm happy with the product. i don't appreciate how baubax has treated backers or behaved. i'd be hard-pressed to recommend baubax to anyone regardless of how nice the jacket is. but it is nice.
my bomber and hood fits nice and i like both of the products. the price of the product got a litle bit steep when i had to pay almoast $150 more in tax to get it out from the post office here in norway...
received mine here in uae. ordered a blazer and satisfied with the product.
@sarah lui: i don't advise putting your personal email out on a public forum such as this. you're best bet is to use the "contact me" button after clicking on baubax llc under the "pre-order now!" button. also, check the faq on the campaign page, as that issue was mentioned there.
i received the jackets last week in hong kong. but the size is not suit to me. can i exchange the size? please contact me for further advise. thanks. email: lchingwah@yahoo.com
actually, alex, there are people on indiegogo reporting receiving them.
amanda, technically indiegogo backers aren't getting theirs (who backed in some cases six months ago) but retail are (who backed last month). they are also getting increasingly angray at the obfuscation.  agree with you on all your points. i think the worst aspect has been their communication. it was brilliant when they wanted our money and then...
i'm sorry, i've tried to stay rational about this. i understand they received far more orders than they originally antisipated, had production issues and other unforseen problems. but when i see that indiegogo backers and retail sites are getting their jackets first i can't help but feel like a sucker for having backed baubax from the start. yes we did get a lower price as early bird investors, but we also took the most risk, we didn't know if this would pan out in our favor. i am disappointed in baubax for dropping the ball on this group. not only for the shipping issues, but also for those that are being charged outragous tax. i really hope when i do receive my jackets they live up to quality and funtionality baubax promised.
has anyone in canada received a shipping notification?
finland here! got the tracking number on the 23rd feb, payed the customs last week and picked up my blazer today! first reaction: i'm absolutely loving it! guys and gals, even with some delays and all, it is worth the wait! thanks baubax! not sure if it's been answered somewhere, but those who are wondering about the weight (for the customs), one blazer was 1.62kg. too bad they didn't tell me the value of the jacket beforehand (109.20). i payed some extra for customs, but like i said, it's worth it!
@winnie yip:  my bomber is blue men's s size, we can exchange, please contact with me: uit.lvt@gmail.com
singapore - still waiting ... and waiting ... and waiting ... where's my tracking number baubax?
scotland - received my blazer today. quality is great. should've provided "user manual", in which you explain which is which, how to use the pillow, etc.
meanwhile, over at indiegogo, people there are reporting receiving goods ahead of kickstarter backers.  someone has also noted in comments that they are currently selling at two additional retail sites. facebook has gone dark with no replies to comments and nothing has been deleted from the page in the last few days. https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
thanks michelle, hope you're happy with it.
@gwyn lloyd, i received mine on saturday. i live in london.
has anyone from the uk received their order yet?
just collected my windbreaker from post office in singapore on sat. the quality is definitely there and as the weather here is more tropical i definitely see myself using it more in offices as it's lighter and easy to bring around. thanks baubax for the good fit. excited to use it for my future holidays!
hi, can you check on my order?  ordered 10 and still no tracking number.  this is worrying :(
finally got my sweatshirt! it's thick as hell and i look forward to using it on my next trip! just one question: how on earth do i secure the neck pillow?
@bernadette: absolutely not, sadly. the link leads to a facebook page set up specifically for customs duties and is not affiliated with baubax. it will be very hard to coordinate a response with regard to exorbitantly high customs charges due to incorrect value statements merely based on this comment section, as complaints are scattered all over this campaign page!
singapore received bomber + jacket today. quality looks good. but i feel its quite heavy too. imagine what itd be like afterloading up on gadgets.. will have to test it!
italy. backers be aware of unexpected custom duties. my sweatshirt has arrived to the courier in itaky. it asked 193 usd on taxes for just 1 sweatshirt to deliver it. this make my backing to the project absolutely not worth. i have asked twice to baubax to clarify how is it possible that one sweatshirt had such enormous tax and if there was a mistake. i have received no answer so far even to my request to have my money back if that amount is confirmed. i have been patient since my backing in june, delivery was expected in time for xmas gift. now comes march with the bad surprise of the cost of the sweatshirt being more than double of what i expected, this is more than unacceptable even from a startup.   i hope it is useful for other backers that will soon experience my same problem.
i live in australia and still haven't received either of the 2 jackets i ordered. i've sent two follow up emails over the past 2 weeks - no response. hope my jackets arrive soon!
japan - my sweater and blazer arrived, and they are beautiful and amazing!!!! (4800yen ($48-$50) in taxes, but i didn't mind.  ps. the shipping box was huge, it could have fit 4 blazers hehe).   great quality, and the blazer is too good to wear outside.  i'll need to get another.  the blue sweater is also very nice quality.  the fit is fantastic.  luckily i bought the l size for both.  love them both.  if you ever make a green version of the sweater :) i'd like to get one (for the ingress enlightened team :) ) for those waiting, i received a notification a while ago saying it was shipping.  then when it arrived in japan i received another notification...on the day it was dispatched to my place (i missed the pick up) found the slip a few days later, and got another email reminder.  so hang in there.  the notification system was very good.
prediction:- baubax will take the credit for the quality of the jackets (made by chinese factories they hired) baubax will not take the credit for shipping problems (by shipping companies they hired).
@sabrina do they respond better in their fb page? thank you.
singapore - just got it today! really very good sweatshirt!  though it's a little heavy. but for its many features, the weight isn't going to be an issue. love it! :d
singapore - got my bomber and blanket. although it was delivered late the quality is really good. kudos to baubax
got my baubax blazer today,it's great!!!but i have a question....where to store the neck pillow????
just to bump this up regularly: for everyone with customs issues, please leave a note her: https://m.facebook.com/baubaxfunders/
have yet to receive anything...from singapore
hi, i'm from dubai, uae.  haven't received any tracking number. who else doesn't have their tracking numbers?
@chirag patel, yes! same consignment as you and totally stuck in customs. not baubax's fault but if they've declared the wrong amount...
oh! i forgot in my previus message. i don't know how i can put any drink in the special pocket : it's much to small. no french can can fit in. and the gourd "offered" with neither...
i'm from the philippines and i got my tracking number. i keep checking it and all it says is that it's in transit. i'm worried i'm going to have to go to the post office to pick it up and pay some exorbitant tax (i've had to do it with on or two other orders from abroad). has anyone else from the philippines received their jacket?
from france (lyon). got mine friday. thanks. the pillows is not very pratical where it is in the bombers : the hood is to rigid ans so not useful when it rain... not warm enougth for the actual wheather.  remark : i have small anh thin hands. and the complementary gloves are juste perfect on my hands, but a little short (don't drop enougth). how is ti on bigger hands?
from singapore. got mine finally. thanks.  one small comment: the position where the pillow is kept in my wind breaker is a bit awkward. maybe a change in position for your next great idea?
mmmm...snickers. us backers that received items- who delivered? ups, fedex, usps...? hoping ups- because my guy is quite attractive and reliable.
anyone from philippines? :(
just received my sweatshirt.  very nice in general.  but pillow cannot stay inflated!  any help or advice??
this facebook group link is for singapore based backers only, some are trying to swap sizes so less jackets will be send back for exchange and u guys could split the cost, which will be much cheaper. join the group if u are staying in singapore --->> https://www.facebook.com/groups/783956771737069/
@gabriel tham - since we are both in singapore, do you mind letting me know how you come up with the right size for your blazer, mind came a little too big. i can probably let u know on the features available for the jacket =p. my email is ajazz102@gmail.com @bruce gilliand - thanks i will find out more on this! support team at baubax seems to be overloaded and hasn't been replying since last december
i did not receive my jacket yet but have been thinking a lot about the built in gloves since so many complain about them - can't you use them as in bench jackets? if you don't want to use those you just don't put your thumb through and shove them around you wrist. the sleeves are a bit longer normally so you don't see them....
just received my blazer in singapore today! fits nicely but i would have liked a guide. i have trouble with some features such as keeping back the hand gloves. now it kinda forms a lump at the sleeve when i stuff the gloves back. not sure how i am supposed to store the gloves back in the sleeves
@ setyo aribowo - baubax says on the campaign page they will exchange a jacket for a different size, but the backer has to pay shipping costs both ways. however, they have not yet provided any information as to how to do this. i believe someone from singapore had set up a social media group for backers from singapore. however, it was probably 2-3 days ago. if you can locate it, or someone can provide the link, you might contact them. maybe two of you can arrange a direct swap.
@laura et al… the last update was east coast shipment was still not received. it has to get to the east coast, then be split up for shipping — so expect a two week delay from the west. @ all other canucks: usa first, canada second. that's the way every kickstarter seems to operate… including those from this country. :-(
@janal when they sent tracking was it from a kickstarter email or theirs?  just wondering if tracking may have found it's way to my spam box?
going to start a new kickstarter campaign to buy a pallet of snickers for kat dawson, really think she could use them. we'll make sure we send them super express for fear of litigation! i never knew canadians could get so angry...
i ordered 4 jackets - backer 34,122  ca shipping address.  no tracking yet.
thank you! got my sweater. it's very comfortable and soft. for those curious, i'm in california, got my it's been shipped on 3/3/16, and received this yesterday 3/5/16. i love everything except how the pillow is blown up.. the valve is almost too big for me however i do have a smaller mouth.. please do check all pockets prior to washing as there are spare pen fillers in one of the pockets :)
@kat, thanks, and it dose suck. i was an "early backer", # 2,918, so much for that.
sorry, wrong link... too many tabs open. https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
parm kang.  fellow canuck here.  haven't seen any reports of any canadians having received yet.  people who bought on touchofmodern.com sale in february are receiving theirs, though.  nice, huh?   https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/notifications/
any of my fellow canucks receive any thing yet, last time i checked we were part of "north america", thought someone in the west might have gotten something by now :(
@winnie yip: mine is s size, i think xs will fit in me, please contact with me: uit.lvt@gmail.com. thanks
hi ,  i am in singapore and i have received mine. though, would it be possible for me to exchange to smaller size? and how do i do this?
anyone south korea? i've ordered male bomber and female sweatshirt, still nothing
@creator, according to your last update, all international shipment will be completed by 12 march!!! let's see how well you can keep your so called promises!!!!!!!!!!
no news yet, can u help chk?
received mine - singapore...
its been too long waiting for this i almost forgot i order the jacket
anyone in california got the jackets yet?? do we get any tracking for our jacket??
@alex jarman did yours arrive in the uk on the 29th? if so, ours is probably in the same shipment. the whole customs lottery is going to leave a sour note on the kickstarter for me. i'm okay with delayed products it's part of backing on kickstarter. i've had other kickstarter items take a year longer than anticipated. but the stories of incorrectly labelled items (someone further down paid £86 in customs, which is ridiculous) would be the final straw.
oh, and kirsten, i was referring to this post:  “ http://homeport.apl.com/gentrack/trackingmain.do… this is the tracking info for the add-on touchscreen gloves. looks like it arrived in la on the 12th but not showing having cleared customs yet. i have a copy of the bill of lading but won't post that here as it has hiral's private number on it and as pissed as i am at him and his team for their atrocious communications, i just won't make it public. feb 16 2016 on the world's best travel jacket with 15 features || baubax
kirsten, pretty vulgar language for someone who "works in law", particularly where, right next to the post comment button is this:  "be respectful and considerate." i could respond in kind, but won't.  i think we can see who is being what here.
@laura no update on whether the east coast warehouse has received all of their containers, so they haven't started shipping yet. hopefully this week. with you here on the east coast.
anyone in usa: pa or nj receive their jackets?
kat. "i haven't published it *yet* but might just do so soon." is not equal to "i wouldn't release it." but whatever. you can make hate groups and rants all over the internet all you want; you can threaten with class action lawsuits (which, considering the loose liablity issues of kickstarter in general, is pretty weak) all you want. but as someone who works in law, you're looking for a world of trouble if you release his phone number. these creators are running their business terribly, sure, i won't argue with you there. but they're people too, and they're entitled to their privacy. don't be a dick, that's all i'm saying.
guys calm down, they didn't just take our money and leave. i got my tracking number (syd australia) a week ago, it currently says it is in australia awaiting processing. they're coming. it must be hard trying to ship $11 million worth of jackets by people who have never done it before. be patient
curious, anyone west coast usa gotten 2+ jacket pledges yet, or shipping notifications? sorry if i missed a message. patiently waiting for my bomber/blazer shipment to get sent to me :d
@paul: 'aftership' is the tracking service. when mine was shipped, the first email came from 'floship' the logistics group in hong kong, and then a second email came from baubax. @ mark brown; the amount listed on indiegogo includes the funds raised on kickstarter. the total raised from all backers was $11.5million. @ jennifer cheong: i must admit i haven't played with jacket's features, really just checked it out and put it in the cupboard. the heat wave here has deterred me. i think, from the initial inspection, i would not use the pillow as a built in. boarding a plane/train, i will probably stow it in the hood, then take it out to use (easier to position). for general use, i would probably take the pillow out.
@ mark - baubax did not get $11 million from indiegogo. baubax used the ks number - $9.2 million - as a starting number when they started taking orders on indiegogo. since it appears from comments made here - and a few "updates" from baubax - several thousand jackets have been shipped. so, i doubt they took $20 million - which they never had - and went to the caribbean. in fact, after ks took its cut (and indiegogo took a cut?), baubax probably had $10-$11 million, at best, to pay for the design, manufacture and shipping of maybe 70,000+ jackets. however, the rest of it you got right.
@ vivainne visrin  - unfortunately, your backer number (mine is about the same as yours) and proximity to the distribution facility really had nothing to do with when your order was/will be shipped. we were told that single jacket orders would be shipped first, and that is what appears to have happened. granted, now that they are shipping multi-jacket orders, you woul/d rthink the single jacvket orders are done. the hong kong facility was shipping to all non-north american locations, not just asia. in my opinion if there was any rhyme or reason to the process, they just opened a box of a certain type, color and size (assuming the manufacturer packed them that way and not in some random order, which is highly possible), and the shippers filled orders that matched the jackets they had in hand. the last report from baubax, a few days ago, indicated that about 60% of the orders had been shipped. i certainly hope they have done better than that by now. but i suspect they will not finished at least for another week.
mine's been stuck in the uk all week. know i'll be paying an extra 20% and a handling fee but no idea what random amount baubax has declared...
im in the uk and my bomber is with my carrier now. it didn't take long to get from hk to the uk, so have hope!
$9.2million from kickstarter.  $11million from indiegogo.  more than 8 months since initial order date.  more than 4 months past stated delivery date.  multiple shipping updates...none of which were accurate.  starting to think baubax management has taken their $20million and permanently relocated to the caribbean islands.  this particular kickstarter experience has been extremely disappointing.
don't forget baubax told us recently:  "we are right on schedule with our shipping timelines for international orders (end of january-february) that we provided our backers in the last update!" it's a toxic mix, arrogance and incompetence.
still no email shipping notification here in rome, it... my navy blazer is still far ahead. very sad :(
in australia, melbourne. have received no shipping notice from aftership. also no response from baubax support. as it is not in us my understanding should have received by now. will update if i i) get shipping info or ii) receive the goods. am very disappointed at the shoddy process.
backer #9998 here - pledged for a bomber to be delivered to china. in the nov 30 update, the jackets were "scheduled for december delivery, during the week of dec 21st". the jan 15 update promised tracking numbers "anytime between end of january through february." the latest update now tells us everything will ship before mar 12. the warehouses were in hong kong. the factories were in china. why haven't i had any sort of info whatsoever, despite my geographical proximity? why hasn't my jacket even shipped? considering baubax's history of customer service - or rather the distinct lack thereof - i'm not even sure why i'm commenting. i don't know, maybe we disappointed backers can commiserate and find comfort in each other's company. if and when i receive the jacket, it'll have to properly blow my mind to compensate for my current prolonged frustration. at the moment though, it seems unlikely that i'll be a returning customer. baubax, you had such incredible potential in the beginning - you simply failed.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i agree @kirsten. ok to expose their dubious practices, not ok to go down the vigilante route. the moral highground is lost when entering into such territory.
seriously kat? i get it, baubax has not been the best as far as kickstarter companies go but getting the creators private numbers and threatening (low key as it may be, you're still threatening to do so) to release them. i get the frustration with baubax but not your open hostility. releasing private information is crossing the line. don't you have better shit to worry about. seriously wtf.
@cassie chow- where are u from? i'm in hong kong , i received my bomber and felt a bit small , is it available to exchange with you? my bomber is blue men's xs size .
received!! in uk, no tax imported, expected and nice jacket except the pillow is so strange to keep it in the hood.
you want hear what is ridiculous .....i live in las vegas, and the warehouse is located i las vegas. it was send on 3/2- and promised to be delivered on3/4-- until now -- it has not been delivered--- missing and losing somewhere most likely... that is ridiculous!!!!
just got mine two days ago in south america. nice fabric, a little heavier than i thought.
backer no.32000+(sweatshirt) from singapore received. everything seem ok except the eye mask keep dropping down when the hood is up. neck pillow also feel weird hiding inside the hood, recommend to remove it and keep somewhere else when not in use.
finally received my jackie. very comfortable. btw i'm in uk and they didn't ask my to pay the import tax.
@jessica law -- i'm in albany too but haven't received my jacket yet. when did yours arrive? i'm not really sure what you could do about the sizing. usually you could just contact the business and get it replaced, but i'm not sure that's going to happen in this case :(
seems like only backer with backer number 7000++ that just receive them while im at 22000 might need to be patient -.-
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@all does anyone know of a more direct way to contact baubax other than on here or their email? i sent them my updated shipping address when they sent out the update about last chance to update addresses for north america, but never got any confirmation. i've sent multiple messages asking to confirm thru ks msg and email bit never got a response.
@juha happonen did you pay any taxes?
@ kat - re: class action lawsuit - while you might have grounds for legal action, it would have to be filed in the u.s., probably where baubax has its legal headquarters. there are tons of lawyers who like this type of case - if it can make a lot of money for them. have you consulted a lawyer about the case? however, before you can get the case filed or into court, baubax will be probably be closed or bankrupt. the best we can hope for - and i am not counting on it - is that baubax will exchange jackets for those who got a wrong size before they run out of product and/or money. i am concerned that i will not get my coolest cooler. there are reports they are out of money and still have to manufacture several thousand more coolers.
@ rebecca sawyer - you said the jacket was too short for your 5'9" height. did you order a tall jacket or just the regular sized jacket? the tall jackets were about an inch longer.
oops sorry @rolts, i have the bomber like you
@rolts, you're usually the fount of all knowledge baubax.  do you have any idea how to place the neck pillow in the collar? feels extremely heavy in the hood and inaccessible from the hood.  i might have to carry it in the ipad pocket for ease of access. the other thing i don't like are the built in gloves.  if only those were shorter and tighter around the wrists that they gripped wrists. perhaps then they wouldn't look so weird. not sure where to put the blanket either without it bulging from the jacket.  might have to fold it another way. other than those issues, overall i'm pleased with bomber - good quality jacket, perhaps just a tad heavy.
it is my second time to leave the message n i sent the email to baubax last week. i received my bombers which i ordered. but the size is not correct n i need to exchange it. is anyone can contact me for exchange?
it is my secon
from kickstarter terms of service: a creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: - they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; - they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; !!!- they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; !!!- they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and - they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. the creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. if they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. the exclamation marks are mine and exemplify the failings of fiduciary obligations to backers on baubax's part.  i intend to pursue litigation.  although i am in canada, i will be consulting a us attorney to initiate a class action lawsuit as the market share in the us is far greater.  i've already spoken with a canadian litigation attorney. although i started the parody facebook page to mock baubax for the fun of it, anyone who may be interested in signing on to a class action suit is welcome to make note of it in the comments.  i will (soon) be creating a facebook group dedicated to pursuing/ensuing litigation against baubax llc. https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
1) baubax: "we are bound by law to disclose the price that you paid for our products and cannot offer an undervalued invoice." -but we're cool with our shipping agents 'disclosing' an overvalued invoice that hurts our backers unfairly... 2) baubax in january: we have had our heads down with one primary priority - to get your jackets to you with the highest quality and as quickly as possible. during this intense process we haven’t communicated often enough and for that we apologize -fail on the highest quality (too many issues being reported). -fail on the as quickly as possible (how can backers in hong kong and singapore etc still not have received theirs?). -fail on the communication (even now have gone into hiding on indiegogo, fb etc and too many people reporting questions to support going repeatedly unanswered)
in uk and still not received it... 4 months late on estimated shipping... will i ever get it? can i just go to the hk warehouse and collect it myself as i frequent travel back and fourth. bet this is the most unreliable campaign yet
havent received any yet,  from singapore backer
i didn't receive any mail before my jacket arrived and i missed it because i have already moved to another city. again, i feel upset to the delay of anything of this team. i won't support them anymore in the future.
@nick, the second person who got their touch of modern and still waiting for their kickstarter is in the comments of the last update.
re: the extra gloves;  - these were provided as a reward to all backers when the project reached a stretch goal. - they are not intended to cover the entire hand, that is why they are referred to as half scoop gloves. - they are designed to supplement the fingerless gloves/hand warmers sewn into the sleeves of the jacket.  - when worn together, the entire hand is covered. hope this helps.
@alex, was that person on here or somewhere else? i didn't see any comment about people receiving touch of modern items other than the one i mentioned.
hey i receieved my jacket and im from albany western australia, ordered one big xxxl bomber jacket but never recieved a shipping email or tracking just a note to say i missed the delivery, i thought being american size mens it would fit me but to no avail it still doesnt fit me in the gut area, but the sleaves and hood and everything else is huge on me!! :( im disapointed about sizing and wondered what i should do? also the other pair of gloves that arent attached dont fit right and the water bottle is ok i guess but other then that, its heavy! like wow i cant believe how heavy it feels on me and when you add the weight of all the things listed it feels off balance. any advice?
@nick, another backer jay has also reported not receiving their kickstarter but quickly receiving their touch of modern. baubax are now sending out touch of modern retail before their original kickstarter backers. sharp practice.
still hasn't receive my jacket.. i'm singapore backer :(
@fel wijaya: i received two emails; - the first was an email with the attachment, being a pdf, copy of the shipping invoice. this included  a tracking number to use with 'aftership.com', as mentioned in a previous update. - the second email followed about three days later from baubax confirming my reward had been shipped. the jacket arrived about a week after receiving the first email, showing it as dispatched.
i haven't had time to really look at the jacket - was too tired and fell asleep after checking out the neck rest and boy i'm glad i picked that item to check out first. in my sleep derived situation that neck rest was amazeballs and i let out a wow when i realised how easy it /really/ is to blow into it and expand it in less than 2 seconds. that was a perfect first impression.
received my windbreaker today. fit is good for me. i'm 5'-11", 170 lbs and went with the l. i usually wear 34"-35" sleeve length dress shirts and the windbreaker fit was pretty close. i'm satisfied with it so far.  couple notes: i received the shipping notice yesterday. i'm in vegas and it looks like the west coast distribution was shipped from literally 11 miles away but delivery transfers meant it took 40 hours to get to the house. i chuckled a little but not terrible i guess. i could have picked it up myself if i knew they were that close. i was backer # 7000-ish for anyone wondering. the separate pair of gloves, quite oddly, covered my fingers but not the entire palm of my hand. i'll probably never use them, but i stuffed them in one of the many pockets and called it a day. last thing, fyi - check all the pockets before you wash whatever you ordered. there was a little bag with 3 pen refills in one of the pockets.
oops that was supposed to be 29 thousand something...
backer 69 thousand something... texas, will we be receiving an email soon regarding tracking info? i believe we are past the last update schedule.
alex, where are you seeing reports of touch of modern customers receiving their jackets? only thing i could find was glenn whom posted after your comment, didn't see anything on their facebook and on their website it would appear their "sale" for the jacket has finished?
@rolts: did you get any shipping information through email beforehand?
@fel wijaya: i'm in adelaide, south australia. mine arrived at the p.o. on monday, collected tuesday a.m. (1 x men's l black bomber) re: zipper; appears the usa market is a little different from jackets produced in europe and asia, the zip runners appear to be largely on the left side (same as baubax) for men's jackets. this is from jackets from 4 different manufacturers i purchased here in australia.
i received mine today. it looks pretty good. tried it on. sleeve length is great, usually they're too short. my only problem is the body length is way to short. i'm 5'9" tall and it barely goes to my waist. not sure how to remedy that... maybe sew a lacy fringe on the bottom? overall i think it's ok. i probably won't use all of the pockets for their intended use. we'll see how it goes. i'm traveling in april, so i'll see if its all it claims to be.
anyone in australia got the jacket?  i am in perth, only ordered one bomber jacket and has not received any shipping information.
btw i ordered 1 medium sweatshirt . :)
from singapore, just in case some of you fellow sg-ians are curious, received my tracking number on 1march, left hk on 2nd and arrived in sg on 5th so hoping that i'll get it tmr or tuesday!!!
got mine today. my reaction is mixed. i ordered an xl which is what i usually wear and it's too small for me to wear comfortably. it came with gloves which is nice but they're a size l and i need at least an xl (large hands). haven't worked through the neck pillow issue yet but it is heavy and i also don't like the zipper on the "wrong" side.
@ brian - you are the second person (rolts was first) to note the zipper being reversed from the traditional side for men's jackets. however, given the comments i've seen the past few days, that is the least of the problems people have.
got mine today (sf area), seems pretty nice overall. rather confused why they put the zipper on the traditionally "female" side for a "male" jacket, would be curious to hear what the reason was. i wouldn't really mind except my left hand only barely works so it's kind of annoying...
i received two sweatshirts on 3 mar (that day was half year anniversary because i ordered the sweatshirts on 3 sept). the sweatshirts are amazing. my friends were having fun guessing each item's functionality. the pen was cool (i used it to cut open the tape on the delivery box. it is convenient).  the only two drawbacks i found: 1) neck pillow: it smelt bad. my friend tried to blew up the pillow and it left nasty taste in his month. i suggested people to disinfect it or wash it with soap first.  2) the inner side of the sweatshirt attaches the fur or dust easily. the fabric seems worn-out after wearing the sweatshirt for two days. also, i choose charcoal, the actual color of the fabric is darker then the promoted image. overall, i am satisfied with the finished products
@ege - it also depends on the type of jacket and the person's expectations. i ordered a sweatshirt, and my expectations weren't that high because it's a sweatshirt. one of the annoying things i've found is that it's hard to put the hood up while the neck pillow is in it, as the pillow is heavy. but i guess i can just take the neck pillow out (though that also seems to defeat the purpose.)
@ ege its because usally people that like items or so, dont really care to post positive feedback/experience. but with people that have a problem with something they make sure it gets heard. if that makes sense.
some guys are loving the jackets and on the other hand guys dont like it all...  are we sure that we bought the same jacket ?  i mean, ok, productions errors exists, but the contrast in the comments is too damn high...  i will have my sweatshirt maybe tomorrow since sunday my local office dont work, so when i got it i will make a video for those who wants a review or might buy it
nothing here in western canada so far �
steve, i was thinking of starting a kickstarter campaign for a performance art piece whereby i sell off segments of the six jackets i pledged for and burn the pieces in the names of my backers.  i will never wear their product.  but, i'd rather people feel secure in knowing their campaign dollars will get them both respect and what they pledged for so i'll do it via ebay. ;)
@kat. maybe you an start a kickstarter campaign for that.
anyone in west coast us (cali) got close backer number to me (i'm 40,544th backer) i'm still waiting the mail for tracking number....
can anyone say class action lawsuit?  i can.  i'll be investigating further come monday morning.
just received my windbreaker. sizing is completely off. great concept, poor execution (like most kickstarter campaigns). disappointed in the quality of the materials, very cheap.
are you kidding me?  touch of modern people are getting theirs ahead of fulfillment of the kickstarter campaign?  why am i even the least bit surprised by this?  guess what, kickstarter?  i am so done with you.  you have absolutely no controls in place to ensure the creators adhere to your terms and conditions.
just got the blazer. heavy, not sure how it's good for travel, boxy jacket with large sleeves, drink coozie is a joke...sizing was wrong, can't fit much in it. material was cheap, no instructions and definitely not worth the wait. is there a refund page?
@pei shan, i am from singapore too. no tracking number yet.
@pei shan, from singapore also. never receive any tracking number so far.
oh, and i think i will not use touch of modern for any purchases.
does touch of modern accept product reviews? if so, alex, have at 'em.
i feel like touch of modern customers receiving their jackets is a real slap in the face after the delays that kickstarter backers have been put through. especially following up their promises to ship to the backers from kickstarter, then indiegogo, and then to retail sales. a little bit mind boggling that they would be this bold.
i just got the item i ordered through touch of modern, but no sign of my kickstarter pledge!!!!
so east coast backers haven't received a thing and in general i'd estimate about half the backers haven't received anything. many backers have waited patiently since september. and yet... now touch of modern customers are reporting receiving theirs and ahead of the kickstarter orders.
i have not received any tracking number email nor 1 bomber. any one from singapore have the same situation?
i just got mine (i'm in the western us) and i am very pleased!  i like it a lot.
from colorado here. just got my sweatshirt 1hr ago. i'll rate my sweatshirt 4/5. i did order the blanket too. but i'm really disappointed with it as there is no stitches along the edges. seems like they just cut the fabric and thats all
how many did you order adam?
wow....£86 import charges to the uk... another kickstarter regret. lets see what i end up with but i feel the disappointment already.
anyone in india got their's? i am yet to reveive any mail. :(
re: bakcers with customer issues - please don't forget to give your country. also, go to this web page and post your concerns there. see if anyone else from your country is there. https://www.facebook.com/baubaxfunders
well still nothing.... maybe monday !
from vietnam and still no tracking number... don't know if the shipper works on weekend.
mar 6 2016 i have received my pledged bomber jacket & the blazer.  it's been really late delivery. no chance to use it for this season.  no comment with the bomber jacket yet, but really frustrated & surprised to see the quality of the blazer.. it is really a low grade product. no way to attend a decent meeting wearing this blazer. not even a thing to wear & move around in an airport lounges. i am in a dilemma, can't throw it in garbage bin (as i have paid for it) & also getting irritated watching it in my closet..  any comment about it, mr. hiral? real question is, do you ever attend a business meeting wearing such quality blazer?? i know, i will not get a response from you, as i can feel your up bringing. but wish, you have the guts to reply.  "idea is good capital, but exploiting it, is not a good idea"
received my (charcoal sweatshirt) jacket this morning in sf. weirdest part about it—and i saw this on the shipping notice too—is that the box that the product came in shows up on my invoice. i have no idea why, but it's. strange. overall, the jacket itself seems to be fairly good quality at initial look. the "gloves" that were added on, however, are already fraying. i'm glad that they were just a stretch goal, not an integral part of the jacket. there's also no great place to store those "gloves" or the water bottle in the jacket itself. the hand warmers that are part of the jacket( those are not gloves, no matter what baubax says) work pretty well, except, as others have noted, they don't hide well if you don't want to use them. so far, best option seems to be to just push them up so it looks like you have a slightly oversized long sleeve shirt under the jacket. this isn't really a huge problem for the sweatshirt, but i can see it being annoying if the blazer has the same issue. the neck pillow works as advertised, but the hole to blow into is bigger than i expected. i mean, i guess that's why it works, but it seems like it's almost an inch across. it's hidden behind a zipper, so it doesn't look off, but for younger or smaller people, it could be an issue. the "eye mask" is essentially holding the neck pillow in place with a button, so it took me a little bit to figure out what went where when i was taking the pillow out and putting it back in. the stylus/pen works, but whatever they used to cover the tip of the pen (a little glue-like substance) is actually really sticky and hard to remove. well it's hard to remove all of it. i concur with everyone who said this jacket should've come with instructions. even just a printout of the layout on the campaign page would've been helpful.
i do not understand why you guys (baubax) don't answer our kickstarter inbox messages! and you always have an excuse. it is taking too long, even for a large logistics such as this.
@bruce gilland sorry my bad not write it clearly... i live in indonesia, i only order 1 bomber, they made it into 3 prices for jacket, bottle and glove.., i don't remember it clearly ( i already tore up the document ), if i'm not wrong, $39 for each item, $50 is my country duty free discount , so $39 x 3 = $117 - $50 = $67~$69.. my custom wrote it so close to that amount about $67~69, $69 x 47,5% ( duty tax from the customs) = $33
@ andreslim - what country do you live in? was your jacket valued at $69 or was that what you paid in duty fees? why does fransan have a value of $699? what is going on here? we are trying to better understand the customs and duty fees issues among the differing countries.
got notice from my gov customs that my packet come. immediately take it, pay my duty 50% from the price they wrote it $69. i open it . the size is perfect ! ( this is the most important thing) then i try every feature on it... must say the quality is superb, the material, the features.. especially the sleeping bag so comfortable and easy to use. well for me this is well worthed.
@fransan.  that is really awful.  there really wasn't a "best" choice, was there?  lose $109 or double down.  imagine if someone paid more than the value in duties and taxes and got sent the wrong size!  there's a worst case scenario and one i think we might just see.
*in* certain countries.
@ fransan - what country do you live in? obviously not all the non-u.s. backers seem to have this problem, or are not reporting it. this can also be more of a problem is certain countries.
fransan's post came when while i was writing my previous comment. it clearly confirms the point that kat and i have made. baubax and/or the shippers really screwed up. one question, which only baubax can answer - are they valuing the shipped jackets at a "retail" value rather than the actual, "discounted" reward price we paid? in my opinion, regardless of any future retail price, backer should pay import fees or taxes only on their actual cost. but we also have to consider that in fransan's case, part of the problem is the customs officials who out to get as much money as they can, regardless of the facts.
@ kat - while you said it a lot more forcefully, you said a lot of the same things i said earlier about the poor handling of invoices and values of jackets. i just can't understand how the stated values could get so out of whack. why are some people getting charged a little and others getting charged too much? there doesn't seem any logic or pattern to it. but there is no reason for the value of the jackets to be listed several hundred u.s. dollars mroe than what was paid. i wonder if there is a problem with currency translations and with then incorrectly identifying the type of currency. assuming the e-mail documents people got from baubax stated the prices in u.s. dollars, then that is what should have been on every package. one or two people have said they used that when collecting their packages. but it's probably too late for those who have already paid. we do have to keep in mind that different countries do charge high import fees on some items, more than other countries. but still there is a bigger problem with the shipping documents mis-stating the true value of the items.
some people don't understand what is the problem with duties and taxes... they wrote the wrong value : $699... i paid taxes and duties about $699... i baked $109 ! i tried to explain it when i received the jacket. they didn't care my mail confirmation. if i didn't want to pay, they keept the jacket... so 2 choices : i lose what i baked ($109) without the jacket or i pay $130 more as taxes and i receive the jacket. what was the best choice ?
the ineptitude just keeps on keeping on, doesn't it?  i'm blown away some people are paying more in customs/duties/taxes than they pledged.  of course they aren't responding to people querying about this.  why would they?  anything that doesn't involve glowing praise is merely a nuisance to them.  we've seen this time and again.  people could try to contact them by email but they certainly aren't going to fix the amount already overpaid for delivery.  they could try to make notes to them on their facebook page here https://www.facebook.com/baubax/ in an effort to proactively and collectively help the thousands of other backers who may face heavier levies than they should, but any comments in that vein have mysteriously disappeared from their facebook page in short order.  definitely note on sabrina's page here https://www.facebook.com/baubaxfunders although do so quickly before it's hard to find.  remember, baubax asked another backer who created a group for singapore backers to shut her page down.  she merely changed the name, but still.... or if one merely wants to vent their frustrations in an open environment then feel free to do so at the baubax parody facebook page https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/ after all the misleading information, obfuscation, outright lies, lack of communication and utter disdain in the treatment of their backers i can't say i'm really surprised by anything anymore.  i feel really badly for the people who are shelling out more than they pledged.  i feel even worse for those who have received items with defects or in the wrong size.  i can't even begin to imagine what a horror show it is going to be for them to have things corrected.
received it today. overall very happy with the quality. the one thing that's annoying are the built in gloves that come out every time you put on the jacket and when you push them back in they don't really look that neatly. flying tonight so i can take this puppy out!
@ nick, @ alex jaman, @ steve - i am beginning (belatedly) to see a pattern here. the problem seems to be with the shippers who are not accurately labeling the contents and value of the products in the boxes. i consider this an oversight of baubax in failing to provide, in detail, the actual values of the products. the failure may be compounded by the shipper in not doing their job correctly. while most people seem to be satisfied with the jackets, we see enough reports of incorrect sizes to see a pattern of failure in the manufacturing and shipping processes. of course, it's gone beyond what baubax can fix now. the problem lies in the hong kong shipping facility and the majority of jackets are now shipped from there. the horse is out of the barn as we say. it's up to individuals to have the necessary documentation and deal with their customs offices. another headache that should not have happened.
i'm still waiting for my jacket (stuck in customs for 6 days). so i'm expecting to get hit with a hefty customs charge as others have experienced on here. for those in the uk we can use this https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/vat-customs-dutyimport-vat-relating-to-imports-by-post-bor286 to claim back an incorrect customs charge. i've already filled all that i can in anticipation.
anybody from indonesia received their jacket yet? juat curious about tax amount...
irene chua: i am from finland and i have got my jalckets to customs 1.3.2016. sitähän sää kysyit?
alex, in all fairness to baubax, it sounds like people could have saved themselves a great deal of hassle if they have simply checked their own customs and duty charges first and how their system works. someone has already reported they just took in a printout of their pledge from here as proof of the actual value and many of us have suggested others do it, if they had asked their customs people what could be done they may have been told that it was possible but it seems a lot have paid without checking first. most companies will tell you that when they have posted something it is your responsibility to check your customs and duties requirements. yes i also understand that items were not valued correctly, or that the labels used were ambiguous in their wording, it undoubtedly makes matters worse when going from one primarily non-english speaking country to another but the people working there often understand that items may be valued incorrectly and there are generally systems in place to fix these issues. i believe that in a lot of cases the items may have been valued correctly, from the reports it sounds like the issue has arisen from the wording on the packaging where it makes it seem that all the items inside were valued at the same as the jacket instead of there being several items with one of them valued at a certain value. of course people are not obliged to collect their items immediately and in a lot of cases there will be systems in place to allow for refunds if it can be later shown the items were not valued correctly.
there's a great irony in baubax giving us a baubax-branded plastic bottle (20c production costs) as a 'generous gift' as well as gloves that we didn't ask for and some baubax backers reporting that they are experience additional customs charges in the tens of dollars due to the cost of the item not being correctly reflected in this, as well as broader overstating of the price paid (causing extra costs above $100). for baubax to continue to ignore this issue, adding significant costs to their own backers who have, taken as a whole, shown great patience towards baubax and supported their business aspirations is nothing short of disgusting.
for everyone having had trouble with customs duties, could you please just leave a note here: https://www.facebook.com/baubaxfunders this page was set up for the funders of the baubax travel jacket. this is to facilitate the exchange of information about customs charges upon arrival. it is not affiliated with baubax.
@ralf - danke für die info, @alex - werde ich machen!
just picked up my jacket here in sweden. never expected the quality that was promised on this page but man, were i surprised! the jacket, i picked the blazer, is awesome! great job! even a painfree shipping which is unusual for me!
@gloves comments. see update 8, they are half scoop gloves only for fingers. jacket already has hand warmers and they work together with the gloves.
oh, and i had the mail with me (printed out) that states how much i really paid. that was taken as an invoice by german customs.
sweatshirt is here (germany) and it's great (just a bit heavy, but if that means heavy duty, it's ok).
@alex ich habs eben abgeholt vom zoll, 12% zoll wenn über 150 euro + 19% mwst auf alles. mein sweatshirt + blanket war bei 147€ (164$), ich habe 27,98 bezahlt.
@erik hui the other half of the gloves is inside your jacket sleeve.
@maike m.  kannst du bescheid geben, wenn du dein paket hast? sprich, wo du es abholen musstest und wie teuer es noch wurde. wartend aus dortmund alex
well received in hong kong. good quality and practical :) but the black gloves seems too small to fit the whole palm?
got mine in france. bomber m blue. value on package was 99$ so i didn't pay any tax. good quality! m size fit well for 1.80m/80kg.
i just received the jacket. i paid more taxes than the amount i baked. they declared that the sweatshirt value was $669.
@irene, finnish backer here. my jacket should now be on route to my local post office after getting stuck in customs. there's another finnish backer, arto, who i remember commenting that his package had arrived at finnish customs the same day mine did.
also i want to point out about the size of the gloves, shouldn't referred from the size of the jackets. my bomber size is s, and it's fit to me, but the gloves with size s? its too small for my hand to fit in nor the size m gloves came with the size m blazer. i know they are free and i appreciate that but still i don't want to waste the gloves.
i am a backer from hong kong and i have received my blazer and bomber today, they are great however 2 blankets are missing as i have added an extra order and paid for it through the final survey, please follow up and re-send the blankets to me. also, my dad found out that it's a little bit tight from the blazer, if i wanted to request a size changing, what are the procedures will be? thanks and looking forward to your reply.
any finland backers here?
i've just received my jacket. according to the tracking, it took 12 days to arrive to france.
can the people that get there jackets state were they are from, just so we know what areas deliveries are happening, thanks
i receiced my jackets few days before but no tracking no. or noticed in advance. anyway, i got it finally. but there is two question now. firstly, there is no neck pillow attached with my blazer, i think someone missed (hope baubax will send me back). secondly, how can i fix the neck pillow on my jacket(e.g windbreaker and blazer) and store it in the jackets???? anyone can tell me and help me, thanks
any canadians receive anything yet ?, alberta checking in.
this business with the incorrect value declaration is beginning to get me annoyed. for baubax to ignore their backers concerns is unforgivable. many are paying sometimes 100s of dollars, euros or whatever more than than they need to because the shipping agents have declared an incorrect import value. now, failing to communicate by providing updates when there's really nothing to report is one thing, but hiral sanghavi's inaction here is just plain wrong. at the very least, he needs to send an email or update and promise to: 1. have the hong kong shipping agents declare the correct values for future shipments, and 2. provide all backers with a detailed invoice showing the purchase price of jacket(s), blanket(s) and shipping, and $0 for bottles. i have been pretty calm and forgiving in this forum, but unless this is fixed pdq, i might even join the kat & alex fan clubs: such is my ire. oh, and this issue doesn't affect me personally, but i really hate when people stuff up and don't care who it hurts. just remember: this is the personal responsibility of hiral sanghavi; he needs to address this.
hi, received two wind breakers today, one male, one female. mine is an xxl and fits in, sleeves seem very long and the additional hand warmer bits seem to have no place to go. also the free gloves (one l and one m), are very bad quality and do not fit at all. the water bottles, nice touch, but also hit the best. but the above are not really my issues, as the gloves and bottles were free. my wife's jacket is supposed to be a l, sleeves seems ok, however the rest is not proportional and it does not fit. can anyone advise who to contact to get it changed? has anyone already tired to change size? thanks
it would be nice if someone from baubax could finally comment on how they're planning to deal with all the people who are facing massive custom duties because the value of the goods was declared incorrectly. i'm not keen on paying more than i paid for the jacket just to release it from customs because they made a mistake.
@bruce from pix i've seen so far posted by backers who got theirs, the pillow is attach to the jacket by button.
@ rolts - thanks - about 14 posts in the past 24 hours. too much free time on my hands. but it's after 10 p.m. here. i'm going to bed.
@ njam njam - about the short sleeves. someone reported earlier today that their sleeves were too long. maybe you two can get together and swap sleeves. ;) seriously, a bomber jacket with elastic bands at the cuffs should reach over and cover the wrist bones at a minimum. i hope baubax was not expecting the "gloves" to take care of that. i have not gotten mine yet but i assume that when not using the gloves, you would have to push them back up into the jacket sleeves after putting the jacket on. i can't see how they would not pull down when you slid your hands through the sleeves.
@ rolts - questions about the pillow - is the inflatable pillow inside a cloth container? does the pillow just sit in the hood or does it attach to the hood/jacket some way? where does the pillow sit if you want to use the hood but not the pillow? is it possible to inflate the pillow while around your neck as shown in the video on the campaign page?
@ michael schwartz - any product defects or missing items need to be reported to support@baubax.com. in theory, baubax should replace those at no cost, but they have not yet said how they will handle such situations. at least one person said they will get a local seamstress to fix a loose zipper because it would be quicker and cheaper.
@ michael cagulada - the reason you have not gotten a tracking number in illinois is because no one in the eastern u.s. has gotten a tracking number. update 18 specifically said there had been a delay in shipments to the east coast distribution facility. they said they would not start shipping until next week (march 7+). of course, they did not say why there was a delay. the nevada distribution center has been sending out jackets for several days and some western folks have gotten theirs.
in japan. with earlier, i received a long-awaited sweatshirt. it was nice a thought as great wear. however, it is a neck pillow is difficult to use a little ... thank you.
i just received my jacket as well as the notice it shipped on the same day. looks like a good quality product, except for one problem. the zipper on the pillow was loose inside the material, like it wasn't finished being constructed yet. so, what do i do about that? i'd rather not send the entire jacket back to you. thanks.
norcal here. received my shipping confirmation 2 days after it arrived. oops?
i just received my sweatshirt in california. i'm glad i sized up to a m! they run a little small and it's heavier than i expected. i don't know how often i'll use the neck pillow because its a bit bulky but i'm pleased with the jacket overall. thanks!
i'm in melbourne, australia. received female bomber jacket in m on march 3. i am happy with the overall quality of the jacket. there's 2 minor areas of improvement though. first, as mentioned before, keeping the folded neck pillow in the hood is just heavy, bulky and therefore awkward. second, i'm not a particularly tall girl (5'5") and i found the sleeves a little too short. ...and where are you supposed to hide the extra  arm warmer extension when you're not using them? taking into account the price paid minus the extra time spent waiting for my jacket, i'd say it's almost worth my money :)
received my men's charcoal sweatshirt from original pledge on wednesday, and the tracking number today (friday).  however, no sign of the women's blazer i placed as a follow-on order in september - are they shipping those out later and separately?
i had ordered one of each + blanket... still nothing yet, to australia :(
this is made of nice think material, although it comes with a neck pillow pocket as opposed to a built-in neck pillow, unlike the video suggested. i'll probably not use this awkward pocket (in the hood). other than that, it's nice. also, to fellow buyers, note that there are pen refills in one of the pockets, so remove those before washing. i didn't, but thankfully the plastic bag didn't burst... but it could have.
i too received a tracking number today, but received my sweatshirt 2 days ago. (in arizona)  i'm pleased with the quality and the fabric is much heavier than expected.
michael, yes to everything you've said. i get the strong sense that baubax view us as an irritation, despite charging a premium price for a product in prototype and being able to get $9m in capital from us, which is a figure 99% of startups can only dream of. i find their communication disinengenous and arrogant. i think there was a lot of goodwill at the beginning from all backers - and there would have been much more patience if we were treated with respect. entirely of their own making they've turned the cream sour.
just thought i would report in that i received the tracking number for my sweatshirt about an hour ago.  funny thing is that i received the sweatshirt about 2 days ago (with a  review).  still waiting for my bomber jacket.  at least there is consistency with the communications. i am very happy that this is finally winding down.  it started out being very exciting and unfortunately turned into an disappointing event.  i am not unhappy with the product itself.  i am whole heartedly disappointed with the lack of updates and the general inclusion i expect from a startup.  i'm still at a loss for words to describe the feeling of being sidelined from updates because of "being too busy".  it has really marginalized the whole experience. when i invest in a company, i want to be excited about what's happening.  i want to feel the pain of the growth and to be able to show my support.  when i wear the product, i want to feel good about the experience of helping a startup company.  it's about being proud of the product and the company. now i have a sweatshirt (and hopefully a bomber jacket) that i will look at and wear with a "finally got it" and a "what a pain in the ass that was" feeling. a company is built on communication just as much as a product.  that should have been learned before starting this effort.  hopefully it'll be absorbed now.
so i got my jacket two days ago. no real complaints about it. it's comfy and feels very good quality. i also received an extra water bottle with it which is lucky, but it was strange that i never received an email about it being sent out or got a tracking # anything like that until today. not me again i received or two days ago and just got an email of shipment today
hey baubax, why is the declared customs value of a us$129 sweatshirt jacket on your package us$349. let me repeat: us$349, that's nearly three times what i paid. apparently that's a common issue/theme here - very respectfully asked: wtf and how do you imagine fixing this?
@ leigh thal: sorry leigh, it's been too hot here in adelaide to spend much time playing with the jacket, so haven't really looked at the pillow/hood organisation yet. i checked it would inflate, then put it away. i think i would take the pillow out unless travelling, as it made the hood feel a little heavy for day to day wear.
@ james byrne: the neck pillow has a unique valve, it's quite large so it inflates quickly simply cover it with your mouth, two o three 'puffs' and its inflated. to deflate, lightly press the centre of the valve and it deflates very quickly. it's very different from conventional valves on these things, much faster. you'll need to undo the zip on the pillow to expose the valve obviously. @ bruce gilliland: good job on answering so many queries and balancing on your head to read my postings ɹǝpun uʍop ɯoɹɟ
has any one in the west coast in the us whose received their jackets ever get a tracking number or was it just delivered?
received 2 bomber in melbourne today , happy with it ! thanks baubax
i got my windbreaker black m in la.
this company is crap. i live in illinois and still no tracking info.
*received* cost total, with sales tax added, was €188 for one sweatshirt, blanket (and bottle and gloves). is it worth it? well it's a really nice hoody, material feels quality, i'm still figuring out what all the parts do and there's quite a bit that comes with it, it also has spare pen nibs in one of the pockets and fits very well. so i'm happy with it, but probably not €188 if i saw it in a shop happy. i filled some of the pockets with the tablet etc, and yes you can, but no, you probably won't most of the time (stretches the fabric and it gets heavy to carry).  i like the built in hand warmers, but getting used to where to fold them back when not in use. has anyone figured out how to use the neck pillow? seems like i'm missing a part or something...
@ tammie hutto - see melissa's suggestion right below your post. also scroll down to sabrina's post about her facebook community on import taxes. you might post your issue there as well.
wow, i'm really excited to receive my sweatshirt but otherwise i'm afraid of having to pay much taxes... i paid 145 dollars so i hope if i have to pay, it'll be low taxes...
we received our jackets today. i paid $254 for 2 jackets and 1 blanket. i did not receive the blanket. however, the customs said we paid $1011.90, which resulted in 140 swiss francs in import taxes!!! i am used to paying import taxes.. but an incorrect amount of over 700 means a significantly larger amount than expected. additionally, the women's jacket is not true to size. the upper arms are really small. this measurement was not included in the list. i'm so sad. i was so excited to get it :(
has anyone tried printing off the kickstarter invoice and taking it with them when they pick up package, opening it at office? i'm not sure if that will accomplish anything- but since the packages are mislabeled as "3 items"(bottle, gloves, jacket) at "$1xx amount" they a multiplying the jacket value times 3.
yay ege!
i have received my blazer and bomber in france but i had to pay 120 euros (usd131) on top of the usd298 (usd273 + usd25 for shipping)  for custom taxes... 44% extra...
i'm thinking of starting a pool to determine when sabrina is going to be asked, by baubax, to shut down her facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
@ amr tamimi - baubax said on their campaign page that they would let backers exchange jackets for a different size. but the backer has to pay the shipping costs both ways. however, baubax has not released any details on how this works. you need to send an e-mail to support@baubax.com asking when will they make the details available so backers such as yourself can get a better size.
https://gyazo.com/f63f2a8434f3f26459d3f2af17578a38 i just cried a little lel hope i will get it tomorrow
thanks @ bruce gilliland, i am hoping that as many people as possible let us know what they paid for customs. in particular, discrepancies between the value of the order and the value stated on the parcel is of interest, in my opinion. https://www.facebook.com/baubaxfunders/
hi,i am from singapore. had not receive any tracking number for my order.  may i know what will be the estimate date for people in singapore to receive it? many thanks.
received my women's bomber in london, uk. posted from hk 23rd feb and received 4th march, sooner than i expected as it wasn't updated at the tracking link. came with gloves and bottle. jacket itself is heavier than expected but largely comfortable. inserts at the wrist are quite irritating and too long but does the job for the most part. all zips in working order, but collar is quite high and therefore takes a bit of getting used to as can be a pain for women with long hair. haven't yet figured out the best way of inflating and inserting the neck pillow but for now, works great as a day-to-day jacket with lots of pockets, although the open pockets on the outside are quite small and i can barely get my hands in. all in all a pretty good product and should be very useful on travels
hello! i've just opened the package of black bomber (men). initially the jacket has a great quality material. but when i looked at the gloves they were too small -so i guessed it- the size i asked for is not really my size. i asked for s, but i found that i need m. any chance for exchanging it? thanks!
@ lloyd walsh - i guessed wrong. it sounds like the manufacturer mis-labeled the jacket. the question is if you exchanged this jacket for another xs, would you have the same problem?
@ jessica w - sabrina posted the following earlier today. you might want to post your comments there as well. here's a facebook page to facilitate an exchange of information about customs that had to be paid: https://www.facebook.com/baubaxfunders/ - mine is also stuck in customs. quite frankly, this is the first time i ever had this kind of problem and it certainly should have stated somewhere explicitly that customs charges were to be expected. as has been pointed out before, there are other ways to handle this issue and one cannot help but feel quite mad considering the general running of the campaign.
i am in seattle and still haven't received my order(bomber jacket) or a tracking number from aftership.com. any body else on the west coast finding this issue?
anyone else had to pay €32 for customs?
if anyone in france (or going to paris) wants a blue navy blazer size m, please contact me. i usually wear m but this time i got it quite wrong, so i can't wear :(
@heidi - shipping will likely be going on for at least another 4 weeks. hold tight.
well, judging from everyone's response, my jacket should have arrived or i should have at least received my tracking number. i am in california and have a single order. still patiently waiting.....
@ rabi: it says pretty clearly in a few places that the blazer requires dry cleaning, it's partially made of a different fabric than the other jackets (rayon).
@nasnaran，我在长春，之前邮箱收到了baubax的邮件，里面有跟踪链接，显示2月23日从香港发出，我3月2日收的货，建议你查看下邮箱
finally receive my blazer and bomber yesterday. the blazer is much better than what i expected it would when fitting on a slim guy. the only issue i am facing is that i can't quite figure out how to clean my blazer - everything in the bomber seems to be machine washable but is it the same for the blazer? or does it need dry cleaning?
@bruce gilliland: in regards to sleeve length, i got an xs sweatshirt which understandably doesn't come in tall sizes. the sleeves are just disproportionately long. the whole thing is a bit larger than the measurements on the site indicate; it's larger than other s sized hoodies i own, and the sleeves are definitely longer than anything else i own proportionately. not even my biggest issue with the thing though.
@ sabrina - excellent idea! maybe people from the same country can compare costs. i seem to recall some questions about the values listed for the jackets - some differences too high or too low. please come back later today and tomorrow and re-post your comments and link for others to see.
here's a facebook page to facilitate an exchange of information about customs that had to be paid: https://www.facebook.com/baubaxfunders/ - mine is also stuck in customs. quite frankly, this is the first time i ever had this kind of problem and it certainly should have stated somewhere explicitly that customs charges were to be expected. as has been pointed out before, there are other ways to handle this issue and one cannot help but feel quite mad considering the general running of the campaign.
@ rolts  - i tried out the neck pillow yesterday.. inflates/deflates really nicely.. i just find that it (bomber) is a bit tedious ; taking the jacket off,undoing a tight button... there's no better way to have the pillow positioned that you've found?  in the original campaign video, the female just woke it out from behind her neck with ease
@ stacy - first, you should have gotten a survey in late september where you listed your preferences for style, color and size. you should have gotten an e-mail response listing your survey choices. it should have come shortly after you completed the survey in late september or early october. do you have that? if so, what size is shown? if that e-mail shows xl, then that size was selected. it could have been an error in the survey software. i recall others having similar problems. burt the time to contact baubax to correct the problem is long past. however, if your e-mail survey response shows you ordered an m, then the problem lies with the shipper. baubax said they will let backers exchange jackets for a different size, but the backer has to pay shipping both ways. however, they have not yet announced details on how to do this. in my opinion if the problem was the shipper and not you, then baubax should bear the costs. but don't count on it.
@ h.t., @ rolts - ever since i made a "humorous" comment about rolts' jacket zipper being backwards because he lived "down under," i have had to stand on my head to read his messages.
@ stan - you did not say where you live. but if you live outside the u.s. it's been well known for many months, and well documented in recent days, that backers in some countries are having to pay additional customs or imports fees and duties. baubax is headquartered in the u.s. and the jackets were manufactured in china. i will defer to others outside the u.s. who understand the customs issues better than i do. but i don't think baubax is to blame for import duties. you need to take that up with your government.
i ordered a medium but your records show i ordered an xl? not sure why- i did not. what can i do get my actual size? please help.
i got my bomber(s) today, my backer number is 31816. but i got wrong size due to my fault, hope to replace the m size.
wow. i had to pay 50$ to get the package. not only did you guys delay this fucking project by months, we have to pay to even receive it. so unprofessional and shitty. baubax, you're done. everyone get a refund now before it's too late!
no jacket and no tracking number .. i guess they removed me from the list alr...
till now i still haven't got anything, i also from indonesia. how to know whether mine has been delivered or not ?? does the shipment free ?? as i read from the comment which is from indonesia too that have to pay the tax almost the price of the jacket ??? so does that mean i have to pay usd 400 again ?? that's scary
meine sendung geht auch ins zollamt....have to pick up my jacket at customs
still waiting from france since 22th...
package just arrived but i had to pay 107,83 euro for customs. :((
delivered today without tax to pay !! from france
just got my sweatshirt and blazer on hand in singapore, worth for the wait! good quality on both garments.
departure from hk on feb 23, delivered today mars 4 in france !! so happy !!!!!
still waiting for the tracking number...
@fabian: passiert vermutlich wegen einer unzureichenden zollerklärung bzw. fehlender rechnung. meine sendung geht auch ins zollamt je nach betrag wirst du ggf. zoll bezahlen, aber mindestens 19% einfuhrumsatzsteuer.
i'm from singapore and have yet to receive a tracking number, let alone my jackets!!!
hi everyone, got my bomber jacket (with gloves & water bottle) yesterday in switzerland! the initial look and feel is good and i used it today. their temperature range seems to be quite accurate as i wore it in 3-4 deg c and it did not feel enough. the jacket is heavier than i thought it would be. the partial glove inserts sewn into the sleeves are quite irritating and baubax will need to fix this problem before this product hits the open market. i cannot imagine anyone trying this jacket in a store and actually not being put off by these inserts. the quality on the whole is quite good and it does feel quite premium. the wait was quite frustrating, but the final product seems to be worth the wait.
update by my tracking =d mar 04, 2016 12:00 am the item will leave hong kong for its destination (italy) on 5-mar-2016 hong kong post hong kong
@rolts, that is a good one^^
台灣的支援者有人收到包裹了嗎?
@h.t.:˙buıpuɐʇsɹǝpunsıɯ ǝןdɯıs 'ʎnb poob ɐ sı ǝɔnɹq 'ǝʇɐɯ uʍop ɯןɐɔ
@bruce, or maybe "i believe you didn't say where you live." isn't english a remarkable language; so many grammatical rules each with countless exceptions, local variations, and confusing idioms (to those for whom it is a second language).
*move suddenly.
@john (sabuu)- good catch. i think that's where the misunderstanding came from. @duane- huzzah! congrats! now utah.  what shipping company delivered yours? if people in the us could let us know, maybe those who still were unable to change mailing address or have to live suddenly (common in nyc), will be able to contact that company directly.
@ john (sabuu), @ h.t. - good point. what i meant was "i don't *recall* you said where you live." i certainly did not mean to infer that i did not believe h.t. the point being that where h.t. lives might be a factor in the delivery delay. actually, this is not the first time i have had to clarify one of my colloquialisms.
i just got my sweatshirt and initial looks seems to be good. i did not get any notification of shipment or a backer number so i am pleasantly surprised. i also got a pair of gloves and the water bottle.
@h.t and @bruce  i think the lying confusion stems from "bruce: @ h.t. - i don't believe you said where you live..." i think the two different forms of "believe" are in play here. :)
@ h.t. - i'm sorry, but could you point where i said - or implied - that you were lying? had i known you lived in australia, my response would have been somewhat different. but the general issues still apply. regardless of how the hong kong shipping facility is handling its boxing and shipping of jackets, you are probably not the only single jacket backer that has not gotten their jackets yet. it's pretty obvious that backer number had nothing to do with when a jacket was shipped. that has been stated here many times by many different people. you can be as impatient as you like, but it will not get your jacket any sooner. it's a lousy process, but it's what we are stuck with at this point in time. ps: if you live near adelaide, maybe rolts will let you borrow his jacket. he probably is one of the few in australia that actually has gotten a jacket.
has anyone said what email address the tracking numbers are coming from for the us?
i received my jacket yesterday.  i live in utah.  i didn't receive any notice.  on a side note, i am really happy with the quality of the jacket.  i hope you all get your jackets soon.  good luck.
@bruce, for your info., i live in australia! and i don't have to lie to anyone!!!!!!! ok?
@ h.t. - i don't believe you said where you live. if you live in the eastern u.s. or canada, they won't start shipping until next week from their east coast facility. and shipments still have a long way to go from the nevada site. as of march 1, they had shipped just over a 1,000. plus as i said below, the notification process is not 100% perfect. a lot of people get their jackets with no prior notification. and you have to allow for a few days minimum, probably more, for the carriers to actually deliver the jackets once they leave the distribution center. and, i suspect the majority of the orders are like yours - for one jacket. and we cannot assume any rational sorting or ordering the orders. it's probably random. possibly based on grouping like styles, sizes and colors so they can maximize shipping when they open a given container of jackets. finally, we cannot assume that the support staff would have any clue as to the status of orders in general or any person's specific order. it's completely out of their hands at this point. i know this is not the answer you would like, but i'm just trying to apply a little logic and thought to what is going on.
@melissa, according to the update, they will ship out single type first, then mixed types. i am single type!
@h.t. - backer number has no role in the order that items are shipped.  as many of the updates have stated- it almost entirely depends on where you are located.  plenty of people have received jackets, plenty are still waiting.  also as the update has stated, they can only physically ship out a maximum number of jackets per day.
@ megan noble - i'm not sure the shipping was really fast. just that the notification process is really slow. a number of people get their jackets without receiving a notice (unless it got lost in their e-mail spam folder).
@bruce and @rolts- both very funny!!! i'll have to post a picture of him ...hahah...just realized it's like he's wearing his own baubax neck pillow. :)
@michael gelhause, totally agree with you!!! i am early baker and only order one simple type of jacket, still not receive anything too! if we found out indiegogo have received orders before we do, we should spread out the words to let people know how bad is the company, didn't keep promise!
how do you get the track notice ! i haven't received it yet
i just got my sweatshirt today and its awesome! i got the shipment confirmation yesterday and then the package got delivered to my door today! wow! that was some fast shipping. i love it and can't wait to use it during my upcoming trip later this month! i hope you all enjoy yours too! thank you baubax! i love it and the nice little extras you included for us!
@ michael gelhaus; it is later than initial projected delivery date, but not by 6 months. it was originally envisaged to be delivered late november and in december. 6 months delay would equate to delivery in may, june. deliveries for non-north americans began arriving in february and say march. north american deliveries have started arriving in march (see backer comments). baubax staffing, i can't comment on, as i have no information. i can speculate on ramping up production though. the size of the order would have enabled priority in manufacturing and kept cost over runs in check. this means the project didn't collapse as other high profile projects have.
i've received my order - bomber...and i'm loving it!! finally!
has there ever been a kickstarter funded product that has been under-promised and over-delivered?  over 6 month delay from the initial campaign is a little ridiculous.  i understand that demand came in steeper than anticipated on these, but wasn't a smart move to ramp up company size to meet the demand.  baubax should have grown their business slower and held to their initial campaign goals; restricting themselves from selling more campaigns (that they couldn't meet right away).  this demand will go away, and they as a company will be too inflated to sustain itself.  also, as a side effect from their choices to expand rapidly rather than deliver product, customer satisfaction (and possible brand loyalty) is most likely lost.
following is the message and reply from baubax, so disappointed! ********************************************************************************************************** hi there, thank you for writing to us. our jackets have been shipping out of our warehouses and we have also received confirmation of deliveries by some of our backers. your order will be processed soon and dispatched from our warehouse. we will provide the tracking number and carrier details once your order has been dispatched. thank you for supporting us! -price of course i know you still have not ship out my order yet! my question is why you are not ship out my order as soon as you had received my request! as i mentioned before, i am early backer and just ordered one simple type which is bomber only, and you are asking me to just patiently wait????? from the kickstarter page, people who order multiple different styles have also received their orders already!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is your so call customer service???? just ask me to keep waiting without actually taking care of what you do wrong????????????????????????? *************************************************************************************************************
me from hong kong who backed two bomber jackets finally got my tracking number, hopefully international shipping of multiple jacket orders begins today.
oakland, ca. haven't received a tracking #. any update on my order? thanks.
@ melissa; think i'm the first, not 100% won't be wearing it in the short term, its 34 degrees c ( 93degreesf) here today. great weather but not for wearing a warm jacket. hope you receiving your shipping email soon. rename feline companion le..ooh!  ɹǝpun uʍop ɯoɹɟ sbuıʇǝǝɹb
@ melissa - a local vet had a sign in front of his office: "i don't neuter every day, but when i do, i do dos testes."
@rolts- good to hear! you're the first in our little group, right?  huzzah! leo says hi.  he also had his manhood removed on monday... poor guy.  he's wearing the donut (not cone, too big) of shame around his neck currently.
kind of hoping texas is covered in the west coast shipment.. which looking at a map that would make sense.. would have been nice if they provided a map of what areas would be covered under which shipment (or something general like that for those of us in the middle of the us..) @gail lee - the shipping company should be sending you an email (i presume to the one your kickstarter is tied to) with a tracking number... however it seems, depending on where some people live, they've received their jacket before the tracking number.
@ gail - you are supposed to get an e-mail notification using the e-mail you provided when you pledged to the campaign last year. but some people have received their jackets without getting a notice. note: check the spam or junk folder of your e-mail app. as you said, you may need someone to receive it or retrieve it. if you live in the western u.s., jackets are already being delivered. if you live in the eastern u.s., they are not scheduled to start going out until next week. in either case, you could get your jacket next week or next month.
@liu chang, 您好！请问一下 你是什么时候收到的呢？货到之前有没有收到tracking number？你是中国哪里呢？
how will i be notified of shipment?  i'm on vacation and will need someone to go over and pick it up!!
no word from texas as yet! not flying out till may, so i still have time.
i wonder which distribution center will be shipping the ones to canada. i don't expect them to split it where western canada gets them from nevada, and eastern from wherever that center is.
@ melissa - no jackets yet. the eastern u.s. got hit with another delay. probably won't see any notifications until next week.
*jacket
@ melissa: hi creeper & little leo. collected my bomber from the post office on tuesday morning. good fit. definitely a cool weather jacket, as there is a reasonable amount of weight to this jacket. inside pockets are for short term carrying, as described, boarding  'planes, trains and automobiles.' the phone pocket (inside the jacket) is much sturdier. i like the jacked, mine is well made, everything works and it does what is was designed to do. might even buy one of the hoodies if the retail price point is okay and delivery is not too difficult to organise.
thanks gm!  hiya bruce! sorry for disappearance.  sometimes the comments were too much for me to keep up with and i tend to shut down when i see too many "where is mine?" no word yet for me-but i'm in nyc with two different styles.  receive yours? has rolts?
@creeper: bruce was looking for you earlier.
how's it going over here, gang?
@ victorykt - did you order an xxl jacket? if so, you might exchange it for a smaller size once baubax provide information on how this can be done. but you would have to pay shipping both ways. or on ebay you get get part, if not all, of your money back. if you didn't order an xxl, then baubax should correct the error at no cost to you. contact siupport@baubax.com if this is the case.
got my male black bomber jacket today, the jacket is great but xxl is too big for me. :( looking for an exchange otherwise it will end up on ebay~
@ lloyd, @ glenn - about those long sleeves. at least one of you, if not both, has a sweatshirt. it might not look too bad with the sleeves pulled up a little. it would be a bigger problem on the bombers and blazers. by any chance did you order or receive a tall sized jacket? the sleeves on those were about an inch longer than the regular sizes.
@alex, @ lloyd - i'm guessing a lot of seamstresses will get work thanks to the jacket manufacturers.
still waiting mine... i have a youtube channel about reviews and unboxings, sooo when i'll get my sweatshirt i will make a video, i will even put subtitles for non-french people  ;)
@maike m. ich hoffe für dich das er morgen ankommt und er passt. viel spaß!
@sophia congrats! as another norcal person i'm hoping mine comes soon. it's raining,  perfect weather for warm jacket.
whilst i'm looking forward to receiving my baubax bomber jacket i was really disappointed to be charged £32.16 or $45.49 just to be allowed to receive me jacket . . . ☹️
so, angeblich word mein bomber morgen in bochum zugestellt, allerdings ist die plz für die detaillierten empfänger infos angeblich falsch, habe aber die richtige bei baubax angegeben....falsche sendungsnummer?!?
norcal backer (bay area)  - got my hoodie yesterday through usps. never got a tracking number so i was pleasantly surprised to find it made its way to me yesterday.
you've made me wonder what the male equivalent of a seamstress is. a seamster? :)
@bruce i'll update with whatever correspondence i get. but i am setting my expectations low. if this drags out to a long support issue, i would likely take it to a proper seamstress to fix the zippers.
@ owen: looks like i'm going to have to do the same. it's dangerous; if i tuck it in, it still falls down at inopportune moments. needing to "fix" a brand new (expensive!) jacket just to make it wearable is really quite unacceptable.
received mine today. the jacket is heavier than expected, i can live with that. the blanket seems okay and the water bottle seems functional. what pissed me off was the pen/stylus that broke on my first pull, tsk tsk, that just killed my excitement. sad thing is, i have another one coming for my wife in the next shipment. i guess it's part of the risk you take when getting a product through crowd-funding. if you look at the pros and cons, the jacket comes out on top, so i'm still happy with, i "will" wear this jacket.
@lloyd walsh: there were other comments(quite some time ago) about the eye mask issue you described. some said they were going to get velcro on it to keep it in place, or sew a button in there. unfortunately, it seems to be a big oversight on baubax's end.
so in the end what's the difference in terms of the pillow between a hoodie where you rest a small neck pillow in the hood and a baubax jacket? (baubax themselves described it as a 'built-in neck pillow'?)
@kk wong - is it possible to exchange bomber with u ? my blue bomber men's xs size, how about u?
@mika - mine in sf is being delivered by ups, final service by usps.
just recieved mine; agree with some of the other commenters who say the sleeves are proportionately too long. as some people have also said, i feel quite misled by the air pillow aspect, it's very heavy and uncomfortable when inside the hood, and i thought it would be far more integrated rather than a seperate piece of kit. my biggest issue which i haven't seen anyone else mention, is that i can't put the hood up at all without the eye cover thing coming down! i thought that there would be some sort of button or clip to keep this up, and it's quite ridiculous. the hood is a very important aspect of buying a hoodie. i'm going to have to stitch it seeing as they aren't doing refunds.
@bruce: i haven't hear creeper mention anything in our other hangout. so i don't think she has hers yet. there are some nasty storms in that area this week, so it could be impacting her(not to mention the wild fur babies).
110€ import fees to pay?! i'm sorry but i refused to take the package. anyone from italy did you have a huge import fees to pay? hong kong shipment company has overestimated the value of the bomber and the sweatshirt.
@ melissa tc, @ gin - haven't heard from either of you in a while. have i missed something? are you still waiting like me?
@bruce gilliland: i thought that was if you ordered the wrong size only, and not if they sent you the wrong size(you order a l, get a m in the mail). i think they need to speak up about this, but alas, it will be a while before they do, and(based on previous communications) i believe it will be rather vague.
kickstarter says: "products should be presented as they are. over-promising leads to higher expectations for backers. the best rule of thumb: under-promise and over-deliver." baubax says "rest assured the jackets will exceed your expectations. we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. we have identified and locked in our manufacturers who will be able to ship within 60 days of successful project funding, so you can enjoy your very own baubax jackets before the winter travel season kicks in. expect the final product to be more polished and of supreme quality" baubax also uses the word 'pre-order' in big letters on their website, yet doesn't takes you to a store but to a similar crowdfunding platform (indiegogo). i believe whilst this may be legal and increase their sales, it is unethical as well as misleading for many consumers who will expect a regular retail experience.
我是中国人，我已收到我的bomber外套，嗯，虽然多等了几个月，但是总体来说并不算失望，成品跟之前展示的几乎没什么不同。不过我还是得说：细节有待加强，衣服上有不少线头，内里袖子和肩膀衔接的地方似乎都没有缝合好，填充物都露出了一点点，总之就是跟大多数made in china的商品一样，有些小瑕疵。外套很厚实，尺寸也合身，但是送的手套实在是让人失望，完全就是凑数的。baubax如果只是想赚一票就收手，那他们的目的想必已经达到了，可如果他们是想认认真真创建一个品牌，那他们就还有太多东西需要提升，不知道有没有好心人可以把我的这些话翻译成英文，好让baubax听听来自中国的意见
@ chelsea, @ vita - eastern canada has the same problem the eastern u.s. has - another shipping delay. baubax said the other day that shipments to the eastern distribution facility had been delayed and would not begin shipping from there until "next week." that would be march 7 at the earliest. so, i would be surprised if anyone in the east gets notifications until next week.
@ glenn rogers - if/when baubax announces their plans to handle exchanges, you could see if they will exchange your jacket for the correct color. but you will probably have to pay the shipping costs both ways. as i said below, if the problem is due to a shipping error - and you have documentation that you did not get what you ordered - baubax should pay the shipping costs. but i would not count on it.
@ vita r. i am from east coast canada and have not even received my tracking number yet. i really hope there are no import fees. the exchange rate is so bad i already paid like $500 cad for 2 bombers. kind of ridiculous. lol i also hope we get our tracking numbers soon. the jackets were needed for a trip that is march 23. doubt they will arrive in time at this point. so disappointing to pay that much for something and not even have it by the time its needed.
@ all backers who got the wrong size - baubax says they will exchange jackets if you got the wrong size, but you will have to pay the shipping costs both ways. however, baubax has not released any details on how to do this. you need to write support@baubax.com and ask them how to do this. maybe they will take a hint and do something. the exchange plan is intended for people who by error or oversight ordered a size that does not fit them. that is our fault and we should pay the costs. but some people are getting the wrong jacket - not what they ordered. that is a shipper error and you should not have to pay for that. again, write baubax and ask how they plan to correct those shipping errors. you will need your e-mail documentation showing what you actuially ordered.
anyone from canada receive their jackets yet, and if so did you have an import fees to pay?
@ all hong kong backers - some of you have size issues - wrong jacket size. baubax wants to charge you shipping costs both ways to exchange for another size. you might want to do what the singapore backers have done and form an online community via social media. you might others willing to swap if matches can be made.
@maike m. hi! ich habe ein kleines update. gestern hat jemand aus schweden gepostet das es nach der versandbestätigung 9 tage gedauert hat bis die jacke im land war. lg
hi marcus, here's some info since baubax won' respond to you. if you believe baubax (and you might want to examine their previous track record of meetig their own deadlines, thousnds of orders (of which yours is one) are still in their hong kong warehouses. they expect to send all of them by march 12th. they won't help you, that's all you're going to get. expect 7-14 days for it to reach you.
2nd attempt as there was no answer for 2 days: hi i am backer #2,242. i have yet to receive a tracking email from my order of 1 blazer and one bomber jackets. could you please give me an update? i live in austria.
how can i use this air pillow?
got my sweatshirt...the selves are too long even though the shoulders are rights. also, there was a colour mixup...although i ordered blue, i thought it was actually choosing their colour charcoal which is blue in tone.  when you choose a colour, the system does not link the description to it's corresponding colour swatch (which would have avoid the error in the first place).
just got my xs blue bomber in bangkok after paying import duty and vat 1400 thb (40 usd). its nice but feel a bit too small and there's a defect on the left bottom pocket (hole so it goes inside the lining). so bit dissapointed...
mine just arrived in the uk (blazer). first quick try and the size is a match, so i'm looking forward to try it on the next business trip!
@kk wong where are u from , i from hong kong , i received my bomber yesterday, i feel a bit small , is it possible to exchange  to u? my blue bomber is men's s size , how about your bomber?
i had receive my jacket in hk today,and the design are great. but the size i get are just fit or maybe too small i  wonder is there anyway for us to change our jacket ?
@fabian: hast du eine mail bekommen oder hast du das im status gesehen?
just received my bomber. l is too small, not sure if sizing chart is accurate. need to change for a xl asap!!!!!!
@fabian yes, see my comment below. local sales tax is likely to be added and possible additional delivery charge
hey backers, i am located in germany and just got this message: the shipment will be handed over to the customs office responsible for the recipient. the recipient can collect the shipment from there once he has received notification from customs.deutsche post dhl anyone knows why this happens and if i have to pay any additional cost?
hi, i just got my jacket but the size is wrong. i think i chose l or lt size, and the paper on box alse wrote its l size. but the label on jacket show it's s size.  i'd like to exchange this for my size. please tell me how to do it, thanks.
from uk here, just got my tracking number from baubax this morning.
receive d jacket today and d size fit hust nice. love the fabric and the quality of the jacket. its worth d wait and cant wait to use it on my next biz trip this coming april.
received the jacket today, it looks great. i ordered for m size and it fits me well. i love it and worth the waiting time. i am now eager to travel ;)
stuck in the customs, so looks like i have to pay vat for the sweatshirt, about  32 €.
just received my bomber. it is too big. how can i change the size?
just got my bomber and sweatshirt! quality is good but a little heavy. happy to finally try it on! fits well~ :)
blazer arrived in sydney, happy with the quality, the hood section is quite heavy.  i will definatley take to the next confrence
haven't received mine.. finland here..
just goy my bomber, really happy with it!!
just got my perfect bomber at melbourne, australia.
baubax m is 39 to 41 but feels like 43!
uniqlo m is 38 to 41,never have an issue with their sizing but baubax size for the sweatshirt is way toooo large! 3" extra!
just received mine! loooooove it!
yay for some of my norcal people getting their jackets.here's hoping mine comes soon too. nice knowing other norcal people are getting their jackets.
hey people form norcal who got their jackets, what carrier was it delivered by? i'm also in norcal, hoping i'll get mine soon! :d
once again, inviting all singapore based backers to join in our "singapore owners of the world's best travel jacket with 15 features" facebook group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/783956771737069/ it has been a good day 1 with discussions and people sharing of photos!
i got my hoodie in the mail today. i pop open the bag and the hoodie is a good weight and the hoodie itself seems pretty good. however, the gloves and the water bottle/container that came with it seems very cheap. the o-ring on the water bottle came broken and the gloves feel like 1 dollar china knockoffs.
guys did anyone get anything in canada yet ie: tracking # or product, thanks in advance.
hi guys, got my blazer in beijing.  it fits well but the zipper that attached the hood to the blazer feels flimsy, the hooking on mechanism is somewhat a hassle to detach on and off as well. i need some help though, does anyone knows how should i attach the pillow to the blazer? i couldn't find any mechanism to do so
@rolts - it does say men's xl - maybe they run exceptionally small? not sure what to say about the left hand zipper pull. maybe both issues are a result of design and manufacturing outside of western norms?
sf here, got my tracking number (one female sweatshirt) today (wednesday) with an expected delivery day of saturday.
@ rolts - neat trick. you're funnier than i am. on all of my jackets, the pull or tab and locking mechanism is on the right. the zipper on the left is inserted into the pull part on the right. in other words, i pull the zipper up or down with my right hand. i know many women's garments have the zipper reversed, but i don't recall seeing men's jackets (except reversible jackets) with the zipper pull/tab on the left. interesting. regardless, clint probably got then wrong jacket.
@ rolts - thanks for responding to kane lambert. you are quite correct. i said the same thing last summer when the "waterproof" pocket request first came up. if you are so wet that your phone is getting wet, you have other problems.
@ bruce gilliland; the zipper pull is on the left of the jacket when wearing it. hope that clarifies. ˙ɹǝpun uʍop ɯoɹɟ sɹǝʍsuɐ
@ clint - just saw your latest comment after i responded to rolts. it definitely sounds like you got a woman's jacket by mistake, even if it is xl. this is another example of where a backer is suffering an error due to shipping. any corrective action by baubax should be done at their expense not yours. and baubax needs to get off their collective rear end and address this issue soon. if they don't, they are going to be really busy. and don't tell me how busy they are. it's easier to put out a fire when it's small instead of waiting until it's burned down the house.
@ clint freeman; what did it say on the swing tag attached to the zip. my bomber had the information on the back; men's bomber, color: black, size: l even with the correct swing tag, it is possible that it may have been incorrectly labelled.
from hk, received my blazer and bomber this morning.  the quality is good, at least all zippers is fine :p but a few comments after first try. 1. no instruction in the package, the jacket have so much feature, but it really hard to tell the different. with a instruction would help a lot. 2. the neck pillow, i really cant understand how to use it. without a proper air lock, the air keep slip out and can't even hold the shape for 5 sec. make it completely useless. i would rank it a 7/10.
@ rolts - just so i understand. are you saying that the zipper pull is on the right side or the left side? you said the zippers on your other jackets are like the baubax jacket. so i assume that yours, unlike clint's, is on the right? or are you saying that because you live "down under," everything is backwards? :)
@ kane lambert: the waterproof phone pocket was a proposal for a stretch goal, but after backer discussion and further consideration by the creators, i don't believe it was added. the thought behind this is that the jacket was never intended to be waterproof. most of the jackets, apart from the sweatshirt, would resist some light moisture, but if it is wet enough to fully penetrate the jacket to the phone, that was perceived to be far wetter than the average backer would subject the jackets to, in the first place. you might have to trawl back through the early updates for more accurate information, as this is my recollection only without going back through comments and updates.
@rolts @bruce - i got the sweatshirt ... its tighter than is comfortable - especially for an xl. i've never purchased a sweatshirt or jacket before that had a left hand zipper - including upscale items. the tight fit and left zipper leads me to believe it's either a women's shirt or they run exceptionally small.
@ clint freeman: just saw the zipper comment so i checked with a number of my other jackets; berghaus, katmandu (new zealand brand) & tailor made leather bomber all have the zip the same side as the baubax. my reversible nautica jacket has it on the opposite side when worn with the primary design outside.
@ clint freeman - aside from the zipper, does the jacket fit you. is it the size you ordered? i assume you got the bomber. a woman's jacket is probably going to be cut slightly different from a man's jacket. so, if it's the size you ordered, and it fits, you probably got a man's jacket. they just put in the wrong kind of zipper. but it does take some getting used to if you've done something the same way all your life.
@ peter hwang - if/when you get a response from support about the poor workmanship, would you mind sharing with us what they say? i have stated a couple of times that baubax needs to address - in detail - how backers can get problems such as this addressed. i personally doubt they have thought this through and are not ready to deal with these problems you and some others are having with the jackets.
from colorado here, just got my tracking number from baubax
one other possible problem, did those who received get a water resistant pocket for the phone pocket? mine appears to be the exact same material lining as the drink holder of the zipped pockets. i'd barely call that water resistant material to be honest. it's better than just cotton, expected a little better. does matter anyway seeing as my phone is water resistant :)
thought i'd add a one day pros and cons: pros: *doesn't feel thin so it'll keep you warm. maybe a jacket needed on top in winter. *black is super dark, a lot of blacks can be greyish. this is spot on. *all main zips feel sturdy *pen/stylus is solid construction. bonus points for including extra ink cartridges. *gloves are warm and work with phones and tablets. excellent. cons *neck pillow inside the hood does make it heavy and uncomfortable to wear. i suggest to keep it rested on the tops of tour shoulder or remove it *neck pillow zip stiff at first and feels a tad flimsy. can't imagine using it much and hopefully it lasts out. *sleeves can be a bit awkward with the built in gloves, though nothing that a far push forward and draw back doesn't solve. minor whinge there. *eye mask could have been implemented better to avoid it falling down. maybe velcro or wire frame to support it? irrelevant to me as i'm quite fond of wearing it all as a hood. it looks like a hood/bandana cross that way. *my personal hoody has a slight non uniformity on the left shoulder where the stitch joins it to the body. it's slightly crumpled, rushed through the sewing machine i assume. not a massive problem as it's definitely secure *lack of instructions/welcome note/feature pamphlet further thoughts: i hope that once the crowdsourced side is sorted, baubax improves it's comms and ux. it's been poor though we have to appreciate how much of a mammoth task it's been for them. i'd like to see a parts store, ink cartridges will need replacing and pens may get lost or broken. specifically the stylus side of it, those rubber nubs break very easily. same with replacement neck pillow/cover for my hoody and other removable parts for other jackets verdict: solid 8/10 for me thus far. the jacket is built well considering everything and i'm looking forward to thorough testing. the price including shipping is about right. people pay £30-70 for a basic branded hoody all day long. i'd like to see the price come down maybe £10 in the future, once mass production really kicks off. i will be buying another hoody as soon as i can and will also be thinking about their bomber.
@rolts - and the weird left hand zipper?
@ clint freeman: you may be confused because the scoop gloves are only just passed the knuckles and part way over the back of the hand. they are to be worn with the built in gloves to provide full hand coverage. if you tried them on and thought they were stand alone gloves you would be surprised. the scoop gloves are a knitted fabric so there is some stretch.
got mine in northern california today. didn't get any shipping notifications so it was a happy surprise to see it on my doorstep when i got home from work just now.
hong kong update:  2 bombers delivered finally.  no tracking shipping details ever received.  carrier: floship.  bottles and gloves included in the cartoon box.   yet examined the bombers.  hope you guys will get them very soon!
what a nightmare @peter. i hope they are very responsive, given how long you have waited, the cost and inconvenience.
just sent support an email. i did in fact receive the jacket, and was disappointed. there were three different areas where the single stitches were unraveling (main zipper, and two internal zippers). one of the internal zippers is not fully secure at one end, and is already separating. this is without even trying it on. i just opened the bag and took it out.
i just received my bomber in adelaide au, surprisingly only 6 days after it left hk. value was declared as us$119.00.  if i had to find something i wasn't happy with it would be the knitted fabric at the cuffs, waist and neck but that is purely personal as i would have preferred it without it. i am going o/s next week but will only take the pillow, which works great, and water bottle as where i am going it will be too hot for the jacket.
got mine today in northern california ... except apparently they sent a female jacket instead of male - the zipper is on the left instead of the right and the gloves are barely large enough to cover my hand. let's see how long it takes support to get back to me.
i'm one of the earlier backers(#4159) that lives in la and still didn't receive jack! no shipping info, no expected date, no tracking #,etc.
@lisa johnston, did you receive any tracking info. before delivery?
i'm in australia, my husband's jacket arrived today and he is stoked! amazing quality, really warm and sooo many pockets. now we just have to wait until winter... all of you still waiting, please be patient. remember, they only wanted $20000 and got $9.1 mil. for a start up that's got to be daunting. now they need to employ some fantastic customer service people to deal with the emails and exchanges and they should be sweet.
for those needing an invoice, try just above where the "rewards",  "campaign" etc... go to "view pledge"  and take that with you. they may not accept it as it does not have the words "tax invoice", from the kickstarter faqs it says you'll need to contact baubax directly for a more formal invoice. just try talking to your customs people though, call before you go to ask them what you'll need to bring to save a trip.
@ nick; agreed. i feel sorry for those backers where the valuation has been inaccurate and they have been hit with huge customs/importation fees. not needed, particularly after the delayed arrival, it just sours the whole experience.
ahhh, rolts, i think i see the issue now. it may say 3 garments i think it should say 3 items, as in jacket, bottle and gloves, this is probably an oversight from the shipping company trying to do the right thing by customs and not put a false declaration on the boxes but has been done in typical hong kong engrish fashion! for those dealing with high customs charges i'd suggest taking your invoice and/or bank statement and getting them to physically open the boxes to see what is indeed inside to clear the confusion.
re: value declared on the carton; when mine arrived here in australia, it listed the contents as holding 3 garments (it had 1 bomber, the half scoop gloves and foldable bottle) and valued each item at $us25 = total of $us75. it almost looks like random amounts are being listed on the shipping slips. this had no impact on costs here, (taxes on imports start at $au1000) but have obvious implications for the eu. it looks like 'floship' has done something very strange and backers are paying the price. i think it is probably too late to address, but baubax should communicate with floship about this issue for any remaining items to be shipped.
hawaii here. received tracking number today for single sweatshirt.
i believe there will be alot of jacket not arriving on their destinations before 12 of march. lol!
@ jess thetip; the bomber has a smooth lining in the body of the jacket, but not in the sleeves where you can see the fleece. the body appears to have the lining over the fleece.
i live in northern nevada is it possible for me to pick up my jackets at the warehouse??
thanks, bobby, for your suggestions but i like the fauxbax thing...  phonetically, it sounds a lot like faux pas, which was exactly what i was going for with the play on words.  i'm not sure why you're so upset about a parody page, foaming even.  huh.  well, thanks again for the feedback on https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
hey baubax  i am backer #20110, one of around 50,000 and thus not alone. update 18:  if one day a package actually arrives with a b..b.x product, well, it will be unexpected, kinda like a surprise. another update, well, that's expected.
i was wondering that why i haven't got any response for the shipment? i'm from australia.
baubax team doesn't respect your backers. project's update is just the waiting endless time.
i live near chicago. will my sweatshirts likely come from the east coast or west coast?
@ megan - i hope you don't have to deal with baubax any more. me neither. but at least some people will. we already have a few reports of pillows not holding air and at least one missing pen/stylus. also i suspect we will have a few hundred "wrong" sized jackets that people will want to exchange. i wonder how long it will take baubax to address these issues and tell backers what they can do to resolve their problems.
ok if i read properly the previous comments, we are all fucked up by baubax in europe .. because they are writing a wrong total amount in our package that make us pay extremely high taxes (higher than the pledge).  this is insane, seriously, i never seen so incompetent company .. this will never end up, each time they find a way to be even worst than they were..
i'm in new mexico and just received my shipping notification.
that's brutal @james, so high
maybe in the us but in the uk i have heard faux pas much more often than faux fur. you asked why he added the extra x and that was the reason. i don't understand why it is 'easier to find' without the x.
update on previous comment, irish backers will face 23% vat on import and €7 onward delivery charge (no pick up option) from customs.
gee thanks for the french lesson.  i know what the word faux means. and a better example would be faux fur because that is a more commonly used phrase in english and more apropos since we are referring to clothing. i was referring to the fact that it's easier to find if it didn't have the x. and no, kat, you blocked me. i only made my tweets private because i was tired of your drivel.
hallo my friends, ok just want to update to my situation, i am a baker for one sweatshirt , so i spend $160 around with shipment.receive today in italy the box, the hong kong shipment company wrote in the declaration that inside the box are 3 item for a price of each of $239 so a total of 719$ . at the end the tax i have to pay is for €242, no mistake in the italian custom service , they apply the right charge, the problem baubax and the shipping company fuck it up. the put down the wrong amount of money and they even did not check! i am so list off i did not even open the box.... so i nicely demand the creator to fix this problem and let people like me and other how to get refound or ship a garmet that for with the price i already pay!!! if you receive strange request from your revenue or custom service do not worry, is baubax who f..it up!!! and off course the jingling shipment.... thank you guy for the waiting and to let me increase my italian revenue service.....
mine just arrived to helsinki airport. 9 days after it was mailed from hong kong.
correct @alex!  as in:  would it be a faux pas for a startup to scrub comments from their facebook page?  or: the startup made a grievous faux pas when they started blocking their backers on twitter.
i didn't block you on twitter bobby.  you blocked me, remember?  lol  and there is no censorship on https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/ if you want to make your own page, have at it!  free world and all that.
my favourite remains the most convoluted sentence in the history of the english language, "per our backers requests, we have informed them of shipping timelines per campaign of which we have included that you will receive tracking information once shipped once shipped from the warehouse."
ha! @owen - "anne" replied with two different unhelpful/dissembling cut & pastes when i pressed the issue, so at least there's some level of tailoring going on. @bruce - i don't think i'm up to the challenge. i really hope my order comes (eventually) perfectly, with the implicit promise of not to have to deal with them after. @alex totally. they're the best and i'm the worst for pointing out any shortcomings. (i do have *some* sympathy for the cust service team, since they are obviously not empowered with any real info or power. but the weird use of english and misguided passive/aggressive behavior on social media really marks them as inappropriate for the positions they've been hired for.)
faux is french for fake/false and also used by english speakers in phrases such as faux pas
i take that back it is still there under visitor's posts
so i posted this on the fauxbax page two minutes ago and now it's gone. so much for no "censorship" if the company that you are parodying with this page is spelled baubax, why did you add the extra 'x'? wouldn't it have made more sense to be faubax? maybe i will make a page called faubax and it will be a parody of this page.
i do believe baubax is overworked and customers are loving their jackets @megan
@kat you say your new fb page will have no censorship, you sure you can promise that after blocking people on twitter? which is funny because you were stringing baubax up a pole for doing the very same thing. what have they done to deserve the foaming at the mouth? yes, they have been delayed but shipments are being received. i think most rational individuals on the east coast have been waiting patiently for so long that another week or so shouldn't be too difficult to endure.
@ megan, @ owen - if you really want to test baubax support, try asking them the details of how they will handle exchanges as described on the campaign page. and ask them how they plan to correct problems of missing items and pillows that don't work. i can't wait to see the answers to those questions.
@megan: maybe they took your comment to heart? it's completely possible since it seems everyone is getting practically the exact same response for most inquiries. i haven't emailed them, just seen what others have posted here.
@ winnie - re exchanging wrong size - see my response to kristie several comments down. same issue as yours.
@owen hilariously, i think the comment that got me blocked on twitter was one pointing out the company might have done better to simply have bots reply - it would certainly be cheaper, and might mitigate some of the frustration in having a human being deliberately "misunderstand" questions and obfuscate answers... "i do believe..." to me, the most shocking thing about the campaign was the change from the quality of work in the first stages of outreach (from top-notch video production & facebook ad campaign etc), to the sorely lacking strategy/poor hires for social media and customer support.
@megan: cookie cutter response is strong with support.
well, that was a disappointing update for east coast us-ers. i emailed for clarification and they won't even commit to "by the end of march" or "by the end of april" as an estimate for delivery. of course, @support did tell me "our warehouses are dispatching hundreds of orders daily and we are sure that your order will be processed in a couple of days," which seems patently untrue if the jackets aren't even to the fulfillment center until next week.
grazie @alessandro testasecca!!!!
@alessandro testasecca when did you receive the shipping notice?
received mine yesterday, the quality is great and size is just right. but the built in gloves made it difficult to put my arm entirely thru the sleeves, is it meant to be like that?
received the jackets (bomber and windbreaker). i just tried the bomber cause the other is a gift. very high quality. unfortunately i had to pay almost 100€ for shipping and customs fee.  per gli italiani: ho pagato circa 31 euro di dazi, 62 di iva e 5,55 per spedizione (avrei potuto ritirarlo ma non ero neanche a conoscenza di ciò). da una campagna di 9m€ un po' di superficialità in questi dettagli ma assolutamente comprensibile data la mole di ordini!
from france, still no tracking number...
wow.  eva lim.  pretty pathetic action on baubax's part.   i think i'd like to share a page i'm working on. it is completely open.  there will be no censorship. anyone is welcome to post whatever they like there. https://www.facebook.com/fauxbax/
@ jess - pictures posted a while back show a smooth lining, rather than fleece. that is actually better in my opinion. fleece is rough and will catch on your shirt or sweater.  what counts is the amount and type of material between the inner and outer linings.
@ maria - no. when (if) you get a tracking number e-mail, you will need to contact the carrier to ask if they can redirect the shipment. if they can't you will need to contact someone at your old address to ask if they can get the package and hold it for you or re-ship it to you.
i'm from hong kong and i received my jacket today. its a bit small becaue there's not much space for me to move my arms freely. how can i exchange it for one with a bigger size? or is there anyone who wants to switch with me? i have a men's blue bomber in xs size.
received my bomber jacket today. absolutely love it!!! very high quality! thank you baubax for producing this travel jacket for us! definitely worth to wait and look forward to seeing their next products in the future! :)) xoxo
i have moved, is there a way i can change my shipping address?
hey can some one who received a  bomber post a photo of the lining? baubax assured me that the lining was still fleece after they posted 'soft shell on indigogo, but all the pics i keep seeing of bombers just look like a polyknit lining not fleece, maybe it's just the photos? thanks
received today (london/black male blazer). for some reason, my expectations were mediocre at best, however, i have been blown away by the quality, comfort and overall style of the blazer - i have never seen anything quite like it! so i'm delighted with the purchase, and actually prefer it without the gloves (easy to remove), neck pillow and water bottle (but thanks for including these if needed). really love this blazer - best part is, by far, the detachable hoodie with top notch quality metal zip and zipper. thanks, h (london)
@ kristie - there is more to this issue. if you ordered a medium for example and you got a medium, and it's too big or too small, they you probably didn't measure or guess right, and the cost is on you. but, if your ordered a medium and you got a large, then in my opinion, you should not have to pay the shipping costs. that was their mistake, not yours. i am not sure how much luck you will have with this. your problem is no different tan those who got pillows that don't work or didn't get the pen/stylus. you should not have to pay for the shipper's mistakes.
@ kristie - the campaign page says that jackets can be exchanged for another size, but you will have to pay the shipping costs both ways. as yet, baubax has not posted any information as to how you and other backers can do this. you need to make your request known to support@baubax.com. i doubt you will get anything other than a canned response any time soon, but you all need to make your problems known so baubax can start addressing this issue.
received my tracking no. today. still in hk transit.. hopefully it'll arrive by fri..  from sg
i got all of my 5 jackets today (thank you!) however one of the large size came in medium size. what should i do now? please help.
received my bomber jacket. about a week after the tracking number. in turkey.
@ costa, @ alex jarman - regular readers here know alex and i have had our differences. we certainly use different words. but we tend to agree on a lot of issues - and maybe more so in the past day or two. alex hit a higher level of frustration than i have - so far. but i have also been critical of many of baubax's shortcomings. now, for most people posting here, the product is acceptable and useful - and good quality with some exceptions. so, in a sense we got (or will get hopefully) what we asked for and expected. but i still believe the long-term prospects for baubax are not good. they have done too many things wrong - or failed to do things they should have in a timely manner - to build, or re-build, the goodwill necessary for a long-term business.
@ michael - i have not gotten my windbreaker yet to test the gloves, but i have seen other less than positive comments about the gloves. it was an idea "that seemed good at the time." i had no problems with it. same with the pillow. good idea, i thought. the reality may be a little less appealing. the pillow can be taken out. it's really intended only for long trips in a plane, train or car, and not for everyday use (unless you can hide in your cubicle at work). the gloves are another matter. i see why the idea was developed - to have a pair of gloves handy when traveling. for me, however, if it's that cold, i already have about four pairs of gloves i can use. in the blazer, the gloves are removable. but for those of us with the other jackets, i suspect at least some people will remove the gloves after a while if they find they don't use them often.
it's not hate every single time. my previous message before you sent yours was a positive message to a backer for example.  i don't like dishonesty, spin and censorship from a company we've given $9m to in sales and try and unpick that. but fair enough, i respect your view.
alex, the same can be said about you man. why all the hate? ok so communication is not the best. get over it. move on man. all this hate every single time is not good for your health.
@thanks michael for such a detailed review.
i hear you @bruce. to be fair, if he registered back in july last year, then i think it coincidental. something about his comment about scottevest didn't ring true. why as a first time kickstarter be so incredible positive about baubax? why know the number of years scottevest have been in operation? why be such a " proud backer" why "iove this campaign." "why "a tight slap on the faces of oldies of the industry"?
received my sweatshirt today.  my basic thoughts are: pros: it is a nice quality fabric and the stitching is strong.   the garment feels heavy and lays nicely on the body. cons: the eye mask is heavy and doesn't sit nicely when wearing the hood.  it keeps dropping down and blocking my view. the gloves in the sleeves are equally heavy and awkward.  it is very uncomfortable to roll up the sleeves and it takes a while to push the "gloves' back so that they lay evenly on the arm and not all bunched up on the wrists.   the loops around the back of the sweatshirt and in the iphone pocket are awkward. there is no accompanying document pointing out what the pockets are designed for or how to route earbud cables (communication is an issue with this company). the neck pillow seems cumbersome and not easily carried about.  i'm glad they didn't stitch it into the sweatshirt. overall: this seems like a sweatshirt which is overpacked and has the weight of a jacket.  some of the pockets work great, but the weight of the eye cover and "gloves" disrupts the balance makes the ends of the sleeves and hood feel unnecessarily heavy..  the inside liner could have been made from a lighter material.  i would give it a 3 out of 5 and say it was overpriced.  add on the lack of documentation and communication from the company and it drops to a 2 out of 5.
@ alex - and i have a problem with "bg" using my initials. someone might confuse him for me - or vice versa. i think i will get my lawyer daughter to file an injunction against bg to order him to cease and desist from using my initials.
@bruce, thanks for correcting my previous post. yes, it's east coast.  when an organisation that has proven to use smoke and mirrors previously writes something ambiguous, i sense that is not accidental. i doubt any east coast orders are going out and they will send the indiegogo and kickstarter ones simultaneously.
re latest shipping delays - this is old news since the update came out late last night (after i went to bed), but i have seen only one comment about it, posted last last night as well. "east coast: we still have 2 more shipments/containers in transit to east coast warehouse. shipping will begin early next week. sorry for the delay." does this mean that there are no jackets at the east coast center? or does this mean that there are some there and the rest are still coming? if it's the former, they should have been aware sooner and said so. if it's the latter, then why are they not shipping out those orders that can be filled. so, for the umpteenth time, their "schedule" has failed. yes, i was partially wrong is saying shipments would not start until this week. for those on the west coast, you are beginning to get your jackets. but for those of us in the eastern u.s., we will experience still another delay. so, my prediction was wrong for the wrong reason. i was too optimistic and gave baubax too much credit. how silly of me to think they might keep their word for a change.
@bruce. absolutely. they need to tell publicly disclose how to address your two points. 'send an email' doesn't cut it - they need a policy whilst they are not paying attention to backer concern, i have zero doubt that someone from baubax is silently reading all these comments. a little sinister when you think about it... i also wonder whether bg 'tight slap on your face' is connected to baubax. he wrote, somewhat suspiously: 1. if scottevest were really best in travel apparel, you wouldn't need to post here. 2. this is crowdfunding, a similar platform that you had used for your jackets https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/original-world-s-best-travel-jacket-20-features/x/12003102#/ the world knows how much money your product raised vs baubax. the math says: scottevest's campaign amount is 0.4% of baubax's campaign amount. you are clearly not the best in travel apparel. period! 3. i backed this product because it has an inflatable neck pillow in the hood. none of your products have that. they don't help customers get a good sleep while they are traveling. another reason why you should call yourself best in travel apparel. be honest with yourself and your customers. 4. like many other backers, i am patient and can wait to get my baubax jackets. i understand that this is crowdfunding and a company that didn't exist 6 months ago has raised over $9mn in 2 months. it's not a joke. who would know this better than you? you've been trying for last 16 years. ask yourself if you've ever made $9mn in revenue in 2 months. i am a proud backer and i am ok to wait as long as it takes for baubax to ship us a quality product. i love this campaign. it's a tight slap on the faces of oldies of the industry, such as you.
@ alex jarman - i wonder if the person who wrote those sweet comments you quoted is also reading my post - and others - about broken and missing items. somehow i doubt they are paying much attention to them.
re: broken and missing items - let me repeat what i said yesterday when someone reported missing the pen/stylus. we now have reports of pillows that will not hold air and at least one broken zipper. i doubt baubax has detailed plans to address these issues, but they better get some soon. let's hope they have a supply of spares for those promised items. since baubax apparently does read, at least some, of the posts here - right eva lim? - then they should be award of these problems. their next "update" (the dec. 23 "update" is the reason i put the word in quotation marks) needs to address two main issues: 1. how backers can get replacements fro broken or missing items - at no cost to the backer. 2. where can backers return ill-fitting jackets to exchange for a better size. if they are not gearing up quickly for these contingencies, baubax will continue to be seen as a short-term, largely incompetent, endeavor.
this is my 6th project backed and the first one that i feel didn't live up to expectations.  remember when the estimated delivery was november 2015?  lol.  good thing i didn't plan on using this jacket at all during the winter months.  i'm sure it will be super useful in july in nyc - which is when i feel i might actually get delivery.
indiegogo backers woke up to to more 'after-the-event' excuses today "the 2-3 week extra delays we have experienced are due to reasons which were out of our control". they want to start sending jackets on 14 march.  by my calculations this means some indiegogo backers in the west coast will get their jacket before ks customers. hmm. and more spin, sales bs and bizarre english "humbled by the mere outpour of positive feedback on the jackets" "inch-by-inch has been designed with each of you in mind. "done through finite details, love and passion for each jacket produced"
i'm quite impressed with the quality and the overall design of the "bomber". thank you, baubax. keep up the good work!!! personally, it worth the wait...
tried using the tracking function in the email. tells me it's in transit if that's tracking i am the president of the usa. also as you make so many more than you expected and reason for delays. your cost per jacket should have dropped and chance of some real contribution to acknowledge the delay rather than the bottle
@alex, use your credit card statement, it will have the us$ amount, the name of kickstarter and baubax. should suffice
thanks david for your reply. i did received an email confirming the amount pledged and reward but i need something more official like a real tax invoice with proper company name and amount pledge on it. i am trying to ask the kickstarter if they can provide one or maybe i should try and ask baubax.
@gianlorenzo wait shipment price declaration was of $250??? wtf?  i hope that my shipment price is correct ($174)
alex you should have gotten several e-mails back when the campaign ended about your pledge being processed.  if you have the credit card statement or other backup documentation from the payment processor that would be helpful as well.
ok, tiens nous au jus, on pourra lancer une action collective si on est plusieurs à qui cela arrive.
just received mine, quality is good so worth the wait, order is 1 windbreaker , singapore
5 minutes au téléphone et ils m'ont dit : " le colis n'a pas été scanné par nos services, donc il y aura du retard, mais il arrivera ne vous en faites pas, il faut juste attendre on ne peut rien y faire. " super... et si il arrive quand même pas ils m'ont dit que je dois attendre 3 semaines pour faire une réclamation..
j'appelle la poste mais je sens que ça va être long l'attente au téléphone...
correction: tax invoice*
malaysia here. i've got a letter from post office saying my parcel has been detained by customs. i need to bring the invoice to the customs so that they can determine how much i have to pay for the tax. my question is where can i find this taxi invoice?
@tan : voici le suivi http://hpics.li/e1ca564 si par le plus grand des hasard un détenteur de blazer en s en région parisienne souhaite échanger le sien contre mon m, qu'il me fasse signe :p
those of you complaining about duties/taxes need to contact your customs office to determine why you are paying so much.  some possible factors: -  your local currency is now worth less against the us dollar than at the start of the campaign and so the cost used for assessing tax is higher than what you actually paid.  try to get the duty assessed on what you paid back in september. -  there are additional import tariffs on clothing.  do some research to see if that is the case.  there is not much you can do about this, but again you may have overpaid based on how the value of the jackets were assessed. -  you may have been charged a fee by the carrier to broker the package for you, which may or may not have been a ripoff.  you would have to complain to the carrier about this. if your package is in transit, call the delivery carrier and ask about any fees they charge for brokering, and do some research to find out if its feasible for you to broker it yourself.
@all  merci de vos commentaires les français ! ça me rassure un peu, surtout vinzius qui a eu le même cas que moi... il doit pas tarder à venir alors ! :)
anyone from singapore wanna trade their l sized black sweatshirt for a xl sized?
almost 40% taxe, it doesn't make sense. what is it written on the package ? stupid baubax, i'm sure they didn't write any cost of the content on the box.
hi to all, i am living in italy just receive the jacket today and pay €120 for tax and postal service!!! guess in europe it is a rip off situation all because the shipment price declaration was of $250 instead of $160 charge ! the creator make a big mistake or the postal officials of hong kong wrote it wrong, any way friends in europe get ready to pay big € for the package!!!!
just received my jackets i baked 269$ and paid 108€ in taxes, this in insane.... the jacket fit me very good!
@laurent : combien de temps le colis a mis pour être livré?
in france, it might be 20% of the total amount .. but 122 euros means he ordered for 610 euros of jackets .. a pack of 6 i guess.
@laurent, the customs charge seems very high: on the box for one jacket, the value of the item is: 109,2 there is no currency, but i don't see how they can ask for 122€ for it.
@serena, i'm sure the import duties are completely different in france and italy so don't think you will learn anything about your situation.
@laurent kalkstein 122€??? really??? it sounds very high, but how many jackets? (i'm in italy)
@laurent kalkstein 122 euros for how many jackets ? it sounds very high. (i'm also in france)
got the tracking number on 22nd of feb and still don't have any update on the package... swiss post is really slow
for france, i finally received my jackets. they are as specified in the announcement and really good products. only problem are the customs charges of 122 € ...
malaysia here. just got it today, actually it arrive yesterday but i already go home from office. to be honest, it deliver the exact promise it had while still in campaign. top class quality and finishing just make it worth the wait. thanks baubax team for putting a great effort into making this jacket a wonderful travel jacket ever made by man.
i'm in ireland, got the tracking # on 22 feb, arrived at customs in ireland yesterday and  getting a bill for import tax before i can get the jacket. soon though...
singapore here. just received it yesterday, immediately washed and wore for one whole day today. never felt so satisfied (and surprised too) with something from kickstarter before!!! the jacket can do everything it's advertised to be able to, and the foldable bottle is a plus for someone into sports like me. nicely done there!
backer from singapore.. still waiting to receive mine.
backer from hong kong. finally received my jackets today. very nice product and the size is fit for me, thanks.
singapore here! finally received it!!! oh the excitement!!!
@alex jarman: i totally agree with you. this will be my last purchase from such an enterprise
@nick wallace: it was an open group, but now i've closed it because we're not supposed to use their trademarked "baubax" in social media, and obviously while discussing, members definitely would have used it somewhere. and obviously the owners are not singapore-based. if you think it's ambiguous, then how else would you have named the group? "baubax singapore owners (ps: not the owners of the company but owners of the jacket)"? don't know about you, it's too lengthy to me!
just got my hoody and i already love it. feels so comfortable and ready to go. everything seems ready for adventure and meant to last. check out my pictures on twitter @lammy696. will provide more on request if you wish
voilà un screenshot. pas d'autre nouvelle du paquet pour l'instant. https://www.dropbox.com/s/441rqqek0fcz4mo/photo%2002-03-2016%2010%2013%2057.png…
what is there to be suspicious about in a singapore facebook page? what do they think might happen - hundreds of backers secretly plotting to bear arms, fly to the us and storm their office? i can understand to a degree why multinationals can justify being protective of ther brand but baubax are nobodies and it is ludicrous to spend any of their very limited resource on this kind of micro- censorship. if they cared so much about their image, how about not alienating half their backers via relentlessly poor communication as soon as the cash was in the bank? i have no doubt that they have lost a lot of repeat business and referrals as a result of this.
@tan: voilà. comme il vient d'arriver chez moi, les détails de livraison ne sont pas encore dans le système. http://postimg.org/image/dm1b51e31/
@ege celik : je viens d'appeler la poste service courrier international, ils me disent que le colis a été fascié au départ d'hong kong, mais qu'il n'est toujours pas arrivé en france, d'où le fait que le suivi n'a pas évolué depuis la date d'envoi du mail
@vinzius : peux-tu faire une copie de ton suivi pour qu'on puisse avoir une indication sur le délai???
@elise : peux-tu faire une copie de ton suivi??
@eva lim, of course they requested to join it, not because they endorse it but because they wanted to see what was going on inside and that can only be done by joining it. it is a closed group so naturally they'll be a bit suspicious, not to mention the name is a bit ambiguous, makes it seem like you're the owners of baubax, not that you're the owners of a baubax jacket.
@eva lim, so seeing as neither is in singapore, anyone would think they requested to join your small group so as to spy on your activities. if that were true, that would be a case of having their priorities totally wrong. growing a brand is about hard work, good use of social media (ahem) and building trust with your loyal customers, not denying them a voice and a platform to talk about your product. i doubt their 'marketing team' is more than one or two people. now that they have large revenues, how about employing someone focused on customer service instead rather then, say, focusing on propaganda, spin and censorship?
i received my jacket. it's a black blaser, size m. it fits well, it really looks quite good. as others have mentioned before, it is a light jacket but compared to other suit jackets in my closet it doesn't stand out. the collar/hood, front zipper part and half gloves can be removed. these parts are in a very soft fabric. if that's what the sweatshirt is made it's going to be comfy... i don't really like the free bottle they included but that's not what i wanted to receive. pour les francais, ma veste est arrivée à roissy le 24 février... d'après le suivi elle y a passé 5 jours.
hong kong backer, still waiting my 2 bombers.. no email yet
i'm from malaysia and i received my jacket today. its a bit small becaue there's not much space for me to move my arms freely. should i exchange it for one with a bigger size? or is there anyone who wants to switch with me? i have a red bomber in xs size.
@alex jarman: thanks for share. i know both he and hiral sanghavi (the ceo) requested to join the group, and i find it queer too that their marketing team rejects the idea but they requested to join it. i have nothing to hide, the members of the group are now discussing on gst (aka vat), and whether we have received the jackets or not. and even better if they (even) pay attention to the group, makes them understand how frustrated we are.
baubax (source: chicago tribune) "we do not pay much mind to social media because (we) are more focused on getting the product out." baubax (with over 8000 indiegogo backers getting incresingly irate at not getting their product, despite backing in some instances 6 months ago) shut down perfectly innocent little social media group run by and for their backers. @eva lim, you thinking of meeting up with baubax's todd locally as, based on his love of your group, he apparently is a singapore owner of the world's best travel jacket (sic)
reading all the comments about how great the jackets are... i'm so excited! i ordered the bomber and it's still plenty cold in chicago so... :) if people who have received theirs can post pictures, that would be awesome thanks!
ege: ce sera bientôt, jeune homme ... soyez patient.
@david chan : peux-tu nous montrer ton suivi de colis, car pour beaucoup, nous sommes coincés à départ roissy ? tu l'as reçu en combien de temps??
ege: j'ai vérifié mon tracking ce matin, et le mien (qui était bloqué comme toi) vient d'arriver en france le 1 mars. je pense que le tient ne va pas tarder à faire de même!
glad to hear hk is starting to receive their 6 packs!!! which means mine is coming soon!!!!
@mitchell stares, did you receive tracking no. first or just received parcel without tracking info? i am in australia but yet to receive anyting~~
received mine today and its fantastic. it's a little two warm for australia but hey.... it's so nice
after waiting for long i received the blazer for the neck or pillow rest to be faulty as in air is not trapped inside and it deflates almost immediately and the left zipper connecting my hoodie to the blazer to be faulty and not working. i am very upset with this product. i understand you had massive orders and i won't blame you for production issues. but can you please tell me what could you do to resolve the issue? i am really irritated to having received the blazer 2 months late and that too faulty.
i got my blazer. it is nice but the pillow or neck rest doesn't inflate even when i blow air into it. and on of the zippers is broken. what should i do?
i received tracking numbers tonight!!!! can't wait to receive my bomber!!!
i've a hong kong backer who pledged a total of 6 jackets with 5 bombers and 1 blazer. received in a big box today. thanks!
i received my jacket today (i'm from california and it was a grey sweater ), and i have to say, it was worth the wait. everything you might have heard about the quality being great is absolutely true. the only complaint i have and a minor one at that, is that when the pillow is stowed in the hood, the hood looks and feels kind of bulky. admittedly i'm not sure i really know how to properly store the pillow, so i could be doing it wrong. but other than that minor detail (one that i can easily live with) this jacket is great. also the jacket seems to be able to hold an ipad without looking like one side of the jacket over weighted, as i have heard is the problem with the windbreaker.
@kenrick did u rcvd notification from baubax prior to the delivery?
i reviews my bomber today all the way in port hedland. i'm very happy with the quality of the clothing. it'll be good for when i'm back in colder climates. ��
i've received mine (2 bombers) from singapore post yesterday (1 mar 2016), it came in a big brown box.
just sent this as a private message to the creators, but thought i'd share it here in case anyone has any advice or is in need of similar information: received my navy blazer and overall impressed. however, i would like to take it to a tailor to improve the fit, as even the small size fits too loosely for my preference. question: any specific concerns or attention / caution areas to the jacket that my tailor should pay special care about or not alter? i'm basically going to get it taken in around the waist. just want to make sure the tailor doesn't screw up any of the functionality as he makes the adjustment. thanks!
@anks: oh, and to me using "we hereby request" is rude in a way, it sounded like they are ordering me to do it. if they started off with "we would like to request", then it's another different story altogether
@anks: thanks for the advice. i guess i was just pissed because instead of doing good marketing for themselves by appeasing the angry crowd here, they have just lurked around the comments section and started "policing". asking me to delete the group itself was rude to me, they could have done what you've suggested - to rename the group instead. by the way, the baubax ceo requested to join the group before  his marketing team asked me to delete it, and i found it quite queer. =/ i've called them "infamous" because they are... for now at least... for all the delays and lack of communications. haha!
hi @eva: thats a good initiative of creating a group to help your fellow backers to exchange their jackets easily. as a marketing executive myself, i don't see anything unreasonable requested by the marketing team of baubax. as you can read they've just 'requested' you, not sent any 'notice'. so relax and keep the group on. as long as you don't violate their trademark there shouldn't be any issues. and it's funny how you create a group for a brand and then call them infamous.
hi, has anyone received their windbreakers? just wondering whether the sizing is too small or not. thanks!
#singapore/hk folks. remember, they said they shipped 60% of the orders. you're part of the 40% balance.  relax! can't wait for my black bomber... went for 3xlt, so hopefully will be a good fit.  nice to hear good reports so far from those lucky 60% who got theirs so far... for those that helped with their experience, humor, and cat jokes, thanks!  once this place shuts down, i'm going to miss you guys.... anyone found a good review on youtube or something?
@eva u can rename it "bb travel jackets sg owners" if not later anyone who owns any travel jackets will come join.
@eva lim i'm in!!
im from beijing still haven't receive anything yet! anyone from beijing receive anything?
got mine in california, seems like a nice piece.
anybody in canada receive anything yet ?
just got a message from baubax's infamous marketing team hey eva, we hereby request you to delete the baubax group that you've created on facebook. we own the global trademark of the name "baubax" and our marketing team controls how and where the name should show up on social media platforms. we hope you understand our concerns and would respect the same. thank you. marketing team,  baubax i have thus renamed the facebook group to "travel jacket sg owners". but for any singaporeans who would like to join in the discussions on the infamous travel jacket, https://www.facebook.com/groups/783956771737069/
thanks for the update.  but what about hong kong orders? if you are shipping out of hk then i should already have it!
backer 14,344 here from australia. ordered 2 bombers (one male and one female). still no word...
i have received the red bomber. it came in with the pocket bottle, a second set of gloves , 3 extra pen ink tubes (inside the passport pocket), and the eyeglass pocket has a lint free wipe cloth tied within it. are there other surprises that i have missed? the lining is super comfy and just has the right warmth. all i can say is, it's well worth the wait! i am 99% satisfied with the bomber. glad to have been part of this campaign!
i wonder how they ship.  i am early bird backer in singapore but has yet to receive my single order when other later backers have posted receiving it. it's so strange!
i've seen post of tracking of 4 packs, has anyone seen 5 packs or higher yet?
came home from work to see a cardboard box waiting for me. i was elated to see it was my long-awaited baubax sweatshirt! this was well worth the wait and i'm looking forward to cooler weather to wear it. so many pockets. carry all the things!
@terence chan, i wonder why we paid international shipping.  and bombers yet arrived!
holy crap, this jacket was 100% worth the wait. i got the bomber in black, it's the comfiest thing ever and i can't wait to get out of hot sydney weather to try it out without sweating my face off!
baubax, please read reply your support email.
from singapore and i received mine today!! very happy with the whole product. one of the best kickstarter projects that i've supported!!  can you guys let me know how i can order the blanket?? thanks!!!!!
there is a new update just now! still waiting for my jackets.  hopefully i can get them really soon for my birthday which is actually today.
i live in hong kong where their warehouse is located in. yet i have to pay for the international shipping fee and wait for so many months (and it's still not yet shipped). sometimes i look at their warehouse photos and wish i could break in and get my stuff :p
i'm so confused by these guys. why they can't begin shipping with the jackets they have doesn't make any sense. i do feel like they have extremely exaggerated the status of their relieving on these updates. still can't wait to get my jacket, just feeling a little yanked around. i hope they learn from this process.
@dax chee. thanks.. usually the blow hole is transparent small plastic tube. didn't expect the big hole to be the place to blow. looked more like a vacuum cleaner size hole :)
nvm, guess that was an add-on. overall, happy with the jacket. neck pillow is cool and easy to inflate, but not something i'll keep with the jacket all the time. too heavy. but i'll definitely use it on flights!
got mine today. where is the blanket?
@michael, you need to unzip the cloth lining and blow from the big hole
its arrived! nice.. just fitting... could be a little bit bigger.. sigh..i need to loose weight :) need somebody to explain how to inflate the neck pillow.
i'm from singapore and i've yet receive my jackets =( i've created a facebook group for all singapore baubax owners: https://www.facebook.com/groups/783956771737069/ we can post updates on the receipt of the goods, and also trades if you want to!
@charles, duy vu,  i'm backer#2465, still receive nothing! when they need the money from you during campaign, they will answer everything and reply fast. after that, they will never ever bother to answer anything here!
@lauren i imagine you should email them. they won't/can't respond to comments here.
i'm backer 40,544, hope i could get the tracking number or the jacket soon.....
i received my bomber yesterday.  the quality is great. the only problem for me is the bomber are too long for me (body length).
@ kayle - thanks for the update. so, the system worked in your case. you must have been in the initial group of 1,100 orders shipped last week. or you could have been one of the first group when they resumed shipping maybe late last week. if the latter is the case, then my prediction is a little off. i had said they would not start until this week. either way, we ought to start seeing more reports from north american backers in the next day or so. let's hope so. now that we are finally getting close to finishing, i am getting a little impatient. heaven forbid! :)
these people screwed up my address. they left out the unit number. now i have to go to the post office to pick up the jacket!
@ lauren - you need to e-mail support@baubax.com. i suspect they are overwhelmed with various issues, but you need to get your problem identified and on the record. with almost 45,000 backers - and some estimated 70,000 jackets - not everyone is going to be perfect. i'm not sure if they yet have contingencies for issues such as yours, but we need to make them aware of problems in the hope that they will address and correct them.
@akascientific there was no mention of that company, but i hope you get yours tomorrow. @bruce gilliland i received my tracking number on saturday
i received my jacket today. it's fantastic quality.  the fast inflation mechanism of the neck pillow is great.  my partner is thinking of ordering one. i only have one small problem. the stylus is missing from the zipper. the silver clip is attached to the zipper, but the stylus is missing from it. i have checked all of the pockets hoping to find it, but it's not there. can you tell me how i go about getting one sent to me please? other than that one small problem, i am really happy with my jacket. well worth the wait. thanks.
also, sorry for the second post. the first one disappeared and i thought it was lost.
@ ege celik - sorry for questioning you. i understand now your concenr. my daughter was complaining just today about postal service delivery failures and missing items where she lives. i hope that is not your problem.
@ ege celik - sorry for questioning you. i understand now your concern. let's hope it's not lost too long. my daughter was complaining just today about postal service delivery failures and missing items where she lives. let's hope that is not your problem.
backer 19,766 just received black bomber xl in australia. first impressions are very favourable. great job!
anthony. you need to read the latest updates, and the recent comments here. shipping from hk started in mid-february and continues now. judging from recent posts, they must be close to sending out the final jackets from hk. just wait some more; be patient.
i'm glad to see on here that pretty much everybody is saying the quality is good. can't wait to get mine even though it's already 90 degrees here in phoenix.
hi i am backer #2,242. i have yet to receive a tracking email from my order of 1 balzer and one bomber jackets. could you please give me an update?
here a screenshot : https://gyazo.com/5dce890701f943c6d3aa7dab70e1b9ce nothing since that day.... and yes i have contacted the courrier ( swiss post ) but they told me to contact baubax... to be sure i have contacted everybody ( swiss post, la poste, swiss post hong kong, asendia... ) but i don't have any news since 22th...
@ ege celik - i don't recall your previous comments. have you received an e-mail with a tracking number? if so, have you checked it to see what the projected delivery date is? if so, has that date been reached yet? if so, have you contacted the carrier? but if no to any of these, just relax and wait.
i know i have to be patient like other comments said but... i'm in paris too, so why my package is lost otherwise everyone ( for now it's just david ) are getting jackets in france ?
@ anthony crisologo; you pledged in august, ;pledge was collected by kickstarter in september. funding passed to baubax in late september, surveys taken in october. production organised in october, manufacturing in november and december. rewards shipped to distribution points in january and february. shipping for non-north american backs started in february, with delivery in february/march. north american deliveries appear to have begun in march.updates on the shipping time frame were included in update 16 & 17. even from the campaign predictions this is delayed by 3 to 4 months from the original estimates.  this is a start up project, there was not a warehouse of inventory to ship out as soon as you paid. the campaign was oversubscribed by 450 times. this means the sheer volume of production required 10 separate factories. this has all been in updates. tl:dr; relax your reward should be getting close.
hi i am backer #37172 i pledged last august 30 2015 and i have yet to receive a tracking email from my order of 2 bomber jackets. what happened???? its been7 months? no updates? i thought asia shipping would be done jan-february?
er @bg, i followed @bruce in congratulating kayle on being the first us backer to receive their jacket. that's all i did - i don't understand where your bile-laden rant comes from or what possible reason you have for calling me a sadist? on a separate note, it is not unreasonable to by cynical about baubax, given their repeated communication issues and obfuscation. but it is unreasonable for you to send abuse my way for no reason.
@ bg - just as i said that some of alex's comments were unnecessary, i must say the same thing about your comments below. yours are as rude as any that alex might have used. this is a classic example of "the pot calling the kettle black." (and i guess you could say the same for me for calling you out on what i consider unnecessary comments.) we don't stand tall by putting down others. there was nothing wrong with his response to kayle, even if it was not as enthusiastic as what i said. and his earlier comment was simply to agree with my questioning the possibility of more delays. we are - finally - getting near the end. we all know, or have opinions about, the problems of this campaign. let's move on now and try to enjoy the jackets we have longed for. ps: thanks for clarifying the kayle was that "socal" person. that means that at least one person in the initial batch of 1,100 has reported in.
my backer# is 2465, but have not received any tracking info. up to now!!!! what the .......is going on? only order two bomber and blanket only.
italy here: shipped 26th february, received today 1st march. great!! the bomber seems quite heavy, i have to test it with lower temperatures...thanks baubax!!
@akascientific: congrats on receiving the tracking number! you seem to be the 2nd person in comments section from the lot of 1100 orders that were suppose to ship out last week from us warehouses. do let us know how you find your jacket and post pics! can't wait to get mine.
@alex jarman: how did the tight slap on your face sound? kayle was the one from socal who posted about receiving the tracking number on friday feb 26. check this out: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/2019110834/comments keep your negativity to yourself and stop inflicting it on baubax and its backers. how cynical and sadist of you. go hide your face, loser!
congrats kayle.
french backer here, i finally received my blazer today ! first impressions: - about the integrated gloves, it makes the blazer quite annoying around the sleeves if not worn. i took them off right away, maybe i'll put them back if i have to catch a plane. - the cord for the hood is way too long ! about 14 inches, when half would have been already more than enough. it's actually almost 3 time longer than on the pictures, that's not realmly aesthetic... - the pillow is great, easy to flat and to unflat. - as for the pockets, they are really useful but i would not trust the ipad pocket to last...the fabric used there is not really strong. also, i took a m size for the blazer which looks rather large on me. i guess that's my fault, fortunately it's going to be a better fit on my brother (unless someone in paris wants to trade a m size for a s lol).
@kayle did ups tracking show as being sent by webgistix corporation out of las vegas?  if so, mine will be delivered tomorrow...
@ kayle - congratulations! you win first prize! as far as we can tell, you are the first u.s. backer to report getting a jacket. did you get an e-mail before the jacket arrived? if so, when did you get the notice?
it was sent through ups from nevada, ( odd place for it to come from), then transferred to upsp.
@kayle, how was it delivered? usps, ups, etc?
us backer here, just got my jacket and blanket.
@bruce, yes, suspect is exactly the word i would use to describe the 1,100 supposed deliveries last week to us backers and the 1,000 supposed test run deliveries more suspect than an oj simpson glove.
i received an email from baubax today notifying that my jacket is in transit from hong kong. the included link in the email brings me to aftership. i am in singapore and my order is for a single bomber with blanket. my order number is 3824 if that helps anyone judge if theirs is shipping soon. hopefully this helps.
@ owen - a day or so back, someone thought they recalled a person from "socal" reporting they had gotten a notice. i remembering seeing it several days ago. someone then responded from "nocal" saying they had not gotten a notice. nothing since then, update 16, feb. 19: "shipping from our u.s. warehouses will begin only next week." that would have been feb. 22-26. update 17, feb 22: "so please send your shipping address change request to support@baubax.com before tuesday, february 23rd 11:59 pm pst." so no shipping, other than the elusive 1,100, would likely not occur before feb. 25-26 at best. my assumption was that it would not begin until this week, feb. 29-march 4.
apparently someone from california got a shipping notification.  i don't know when this happened but others have reported it.
@bruce: who confirmed tracking information received, if you can recall, because i haven't seen any for us backers.
@ david, @ owen - update 16 did imply that the u.s. jackets would start going out what would have been the week of feb. 22-26. however, the following update, which said addresses would be updated, said the revised address lists would not be available to the shippers until wed., feb. 24. they did say that about 1,100 jackets had already been shipped. but so far, we have only one unconfirmed report of a tracking notice being received - and no reports of any jackets being delivered. so, like the original 1,000 jacket test run - which apparently didn't make it to backers - this is suspect as well. in my opinion, since the shipping facilities would not have the addresses until the middle of last week at best, i assumed that we  would not see any jackets going out until this week. if this is in fact occurring, we ought to see some reports - very soon - of shipping notices. but until we do see some reports - i don't think we can assume that baubax is meeting the revised revised schedule.
yes, a lot of people have been misreporting that na shipping was supposed to start this week.  the "next week" from update 16 was last week, and per update 17 about 1100 orders were supposed to have been shipped last week.
at least, in theory.
@bruce: wasn't it in the last update that they were supposed to start going out last week?
@ u.s. backers - if they are doing what they said they would do, u.s. shipments should have started going out monday (yesterday). so, people, in theory, should start getting shipping notices - maybe. but, until we see reports from u.s. backers that they have gotten notices, i don't think we can assume any of the above.
@ re exchanges - the campaign page says that baubax will accept exchanges (presumably for a different size), but the backers have to pay for postage both ways. of course, baubax has not said publicly where to ship the jackets to be exchanged. or how you are to be the return shipping back to you. you folks wanting to exchange will have to contact baubax support. it will be interesting to see if and when they respond and with what information. i wonder if they even have plans set up for this.
@ jennifer, @ nick - re gloves - the built-in gloves cover the palm with a hole for the thumb. the extra gloves are the 'scoop" gloves that are intended to cover the fingers, or what is not covered by the built-in gloves. the issues seem to be - 1. the scoop gloves are too small, but they are not meant to cover the entire hand. 2. how do you put your hand through the sleeve without putting it through the glove? i thin k the hand has to go through the glove. just don't put your thumb through the hole. then how do you push the unneeded glove back out of sight?
@ong yen ni gst is 7%. but according to a post way way below from another sg backer, baubax stated the retail price instead of our pledge price so we may have to make a trip down to clear that up and pay 7% on our pledge price instead of retail price.
dear all sg baubax owners, i've just created a facebook group for us: https://www.facebook.com/groups/783956771737069/ we can post updates on the receipt of the goods, and also trades if you want to!
＠ong yen ni you may check the pledge survey both on app or website. website: on the campaign page try to find a blue box said: view pledge > survey app: just open the campaign>button of the screen> view pledge > survey
anyone from singapore ordered 3 or more blazer or bomber? any idea how much do we need to pay for gst? and any idea how to check from online the size we order back than? yet to receive my order.
package im germany - ffm
hey  it's march now!!! where's my 5 jackets???
hi, i still haven't receive any notification about my delivery. how could i find out when will it be send?
same problem with package stuck since 23feb. any idea why?
hi! i got my jackets! thank you so much i wish i could post pictures here to show u all! i bought 4 jackets but only 1 of them fit perfectly! i give the xs sweater to my brother whose bigger size than me and he loves it! i think i ordered 1 xs black and 1 xs blue blazer but i got both black blazers instead.. but even xs is too big for me.. :( is there anyway i can exchange them?
still no tracking number
thank's for you comment well then... i have to wait a week :(
ege, it's outside of baubax control, up to swiss post now and your customs. up to a week i'd say wouldn't be that unreasonable, if customs are a bit slow then maybe an extra day or two. personally if i were you i would not worry till the end of this week.
https://gyazo.com/e978052fc894cdc36a4f894c5cc846e7 i really don't know what to do, nobody want's to help me, baubax nor swiss post...
sorry looks like he's actually in dubai.
jennifer, from what rolts has said there are the gloves built in and another set provided as well. the built in ones are just half scoops whilst the others i believe are full gloves. i'd suggest having another good look as the half scoop built in gloves might be really tucked out of the way inside?
michael, a few people have said that someone in california got tracking info.  and on facebook it looks like someone from mexico has already received their jackets.
@philip/david:  baubax claimed that na shipping would start last week.  no reports of usa backers receiving jackets yet.  baubax has stated in the past that it would take 6-8 weeks to ship all na orders, once they had started.
i still haven't gotten tracking number. has anyone in or near pennsylvania gotten it?
just received today my bomber and sweat. i have to say quality is awesome and i love it. going to order for the whole family and other colours also. a breath if fresh air that an actual kickstarter project does not lie or mislead. great work guys.
received my red bomber today! quality looks good and fortunately the red is as deep as the red we saw in the original ks photos - doesn't look too reflective as in the touchofmodern.com photos. just wondering why the gloves are stand alone.  i thought they were built in to the sleeves and if not needed rolled into the sleeve. no?
hi im backer 7323..yet to receive any tracking number. is anyone able to share with me roughly how long more it will take?
i'm in michigan and wondering when i'll get mine.
got my tracking number xd so excited xd
hey guys it's march. when can i get my tracking numbers?  from south korea
@ton you emailed support@baubax.com? i emailed them but did not get a response yet.
after a complain email to baubax supporters ... finally, i had tracking number. from vietnam...
thank you catherine for the info. i think u can approach custom for refund. baubax overstate the price already.
i jus receive the tracking number
thanks angie. i'm still waiting, but expect i'll be one of the last since i got the 6-jacket option
one funny thing i'd like to point it out is that i got my tracking number saying it's being despatched and the second it's been delivered emails after i went to post office to pick it up.......? actually an hour after i picked it up...
from singapore, yet to receive any tracking number. hope to get it soon too.
as angie ng pointed out, there can be problems with customs, if there is, a few people have been successful so far in taking their receipt from here to show what they actually paid as a way around and that seems to be generally accepted and is definitely worth a try.
hi singapore backers who have been charged get unexpectedly, if there is any overpayment or wrong payment of duties or goods and services tax (gst), you can make a claim for refund by writing to singapore customs for assessment: - see more at: http://www.customs.gov.sg/businesses/valuation-duties-taxes--fees/refund-of-duties-and-gst#sthash.garfdn8l.dpuf
well  received.  great quality.
@ david; i think some were confused because the scoop gloves are only just passed the knuckles and part way over the back of the hand. if people tried them on and thought they were stand alone gloves they would be surprised. the scoop gloves are a knitted fabric so there is some stretch.
rolts, i could see the gloves being a problem for some as hand (and feet) size is not necessarily going to correlate to your jacket size.
from peru, my tracking number has been emailed to me! finally! i'm 33k backer. i ordered a blazer and sweatshirt.
arrived and great!
from indonesia, i still don't have my tracking number, i hope i can get it soon....
i can confirm that my sweatshirt has arrived here in tokyo, japan today. i received the tracking number by email a few hours before my sweatshirt arrived.
from hanoi, still no tracking number till now. but i'm the 23kth backer so keep calm and wait :)
i still have not receive my jackets yet. can someone kindly check on the delivery status? from thailand
from singapore, my dispatch tracking number has been emailed to me! finally! i ordered a blazer xd !
@ wai tien: the half scoop gloves, that were packed separately, are worn in conjunction with the built in gloves. the built in gloves don't completely cover your hands, these are provided to give full cover when worn together.
@ wai tien: from the campaign page, temperature range for the bomber jacket (table under colour and style photos) was stated from 7degreesc to 21degreesc. probably won't wear it in the tropics given that range.
oh one more thing, i ordered m size bomber which came with a glove of size s which is too small and probably fits a kid. lol. other than that, i'm rather happy with the product.
@ang bee lian i believe it's by hong kong post
just collected my bomber jacket from the popstation (singpost) as i missed the delivery. the material of the jacket is superb but not suitable to be used in sg. will be good for travel and good for cold countries. agree that it will be good to have a user guide on how to maximize uses of all functions. took some time for me to figure them out and still figuring....
i jus receive my tracking and it jus got dispatched
@ wenshan chen: the sizes on the chart are when you measure your body. if the clothing was made to the same size it would fit like a lycra cycling top, skin tight. the jacket has to be bigger so that you don't tear the sleeves out when you move. also it still has to fit you when you load up all of the pockets. i have the l bomber jacket and there is enough room to wear a sweater underneath. your sweatshirt should not be a close fit if you are going to use it as intended. put it on an add an ipad, you will begin to see what i mean.
wenshan, i stand to be correct but,i do believe the sizing charts indicate a size it is intended to fit, as such the size chart says 39-41 as such it will fit that size chest, as in if you got a measuring tape, wrapped it around you and if were between those sizes it would fit. therefore it would need to be a couple of inches wider to accommodate.
anyone has issue with the hoodie/sweatshirt? i received my hoodies and they are l size according to the measurement but i ordered m. anyone else has similar issues?
@yi lung - the stylus has a pen in it, if you pull it right out
received in singapore. the cutting was extra large! no qc, bought m size, chest is 39-41,but when i measured, it was 43-44"!!!! do not buy this product!
from singapore. just received 1 blazer today. just in time for my trip to london. imo, it's way too hot to be wearing it here. but it's a very well designed jacket with good material. will be nice if there's a guide on how to attach the different parts of the jacket though. took me some time to find the optimum position for the pillow.
in singapore.. i din receive and tracking or notification yet
to those in sg who paid gst, did you try to prove you paid a lower amount on the jackets to get the gst reduced? it's not fair that we should pay based on a higher amount than what we paid.
for backers in singapore, did you receive the delivery notification via email? which delivery company is handling baubax delivery?
btw, the bomber is too thick to wear in singapore. material wise is superb. size wise is abit small cutting.
for singapore if it's above $400, there's a chance you might get by import tax although it's luck based. i just got my windbreaker s size. it fits me reasonably well except the sleeves are abit long but not to the point that it would look strange. for reference i'm pretty slim and 1.6m tall
pen
i got mine, but there is no pan on it?
from singapore. still got no tracking number. any advice? =(
i got mine. i order 2. but the pricing to the custom office is wrong. over stated by usd$130+
@eileen, stated $544 for the jackets, thus have to pay for gst.
collected by single sweater jacket from the post office today. luckily did not get taxed. shipped out from hk on the 25th, reached malaysia on the 27th, reached sarawak 1st and i collect it myself today. finally.
just receive the mail with the shipment number today.... waiting for the box . i live in italy...
not that us beer swilling aussies have an exceptional reputation either though i suppose... :d
lol...and people wonder where america gets its reputation from... "where are my jackets! i live in america."
2 bombers won't exceed $400sgd
where are my jackets! i live in america.
i believe gst is applicable if shipment value exceeds s$400. so order for 3 or more jackets would probably have to pay gst.
@catherine why is there a need to pay postage?
from singapore: received notification email at 1530h. got home and found my package from singpost. contained 2 bombers, 1 s male and 1 m female. i have to pay s $47 for the postage though.
pretty disappointed that i've not receieved any notification. singapore 2 bomber l sized.
well ill be the last person who gonna receive the jackets � -melbourne
having received my tracking number yesterday, i can't stop thinking about this: https://xkcd.com/281/ as far as i know, first they sent out the single orders, and afterwards the combination packages.
ph backers, has anyone received their jackets? i have yet to get a tracking number. could it be that our shipments are stuck in customs?
my apologies, the bomber jacket i received was in size m in black. if anyone in singapore has a size l and wants to swap please do contact me at belindahbl@gmail.com thanks!
just received the women bomber jacket in size s today but unfortunately it's too small for me. is there any way i could do an exchange? if yes, what would the charges be? i live in singapore.
how come still need pay gst? i thought we fully paid everything to them and it will be sent as gift to avoid taxes?
by the way the jacket i believe it's a bit smaller than the regular clothes. luckily i'm pretty small 158cm/ 43kg.
hi, i still have not receive my jackets yet. can someone kindly check on the delivery status? thanks regards, kl kwang
extremely pleased with my bomber... quality is top-notch.. check every pocket, secret compartments etc etc..... im still discovering the jacket.....
singapore, received 2 in a big box which has been crushed during shipment. good thing it's garment inside.
from singapore, just received a tracking order by email for one sweatshirt. fingers crossed!
received my bomber today. --> from malaysia, kl.
seeing people receiving multiple orders now (even in places outside hk), i am pretty confused by how they sent out orders :s i backed one sweatshirt and bomber, located in hong kong and receive no jackets nor notifications by this moment.
seeing
revived mine today, great but the bomber was a bit tight around the arms and shoulders , i normally wear a small in all jackets. i thought they should be a bit bigger for bombers which i like loose in order to wear other clothes underneath
from malaysia. hi all. received my blazer today. shipping details were sent on the 23rd of feb. overall, i'm pretty impressed with the final product. really happy it's here. air pillow blows up well and doesn't leak. pockets are a plenty and fits what it's suppose to fit (maybe not the drink one though). foldable water bottle is a nice touch. half scoop gloves are 'cute' and the touch screen friendly ones aren't too shabby (but quite small and i've already got small hands) detachable hood detaches nicely (although i reckon too much detaching might wear off the elasticity of the loop that hooks on to the button) pen and stylus. nice (don't forget to look for the spare ink in the pocket) other than that, top product guys. thumbs up. bit too hot in malaysia now to wear it. looking forward to those cold business trips overseas. i will look class. hope everyone receives theirs soon! best
edit: swap m red women's bomber for l-sized one. sg backers. thanks.
sg backers. anyone interested in swapping m red bomber for l bomber?
@ bruce gilliland; no, i didn't order a blanket, so not sure which pocket would be appropriate without seeing the size. @ leigh thal; the included gloves are half scoop. that means they are meant to cover the parts of the hands not covered by the built in gloves and are worn with the built in gloves on your hands. hope this helps. @ jack ip; don't worry about the size until it arrives. i am a very broad build and i like my casual jackets to fit loosely. having tried it on again, i could wear a reasonably bulky fleece or pullover underneath this, allowing me to layer my clothing. the gap sizing reference should still work for you hopefully.
from singapore but no tracking number. first time commenting on this post but is there something wrong with my order?
@martin: ja genau. bei dhl funktioniert die trackingnummer (noch) nicht, auf der sp-seite schon, ist aber der gleiche status wie auf der baubax-seite...
ps> from taiwan, 1 jacket only
i got my bomber today with the gloves and pocket bottle. i did received an email when it was send out and also when my colleague received the package for me. the inflate pillow, i thought it was build into it and we can remove it when we want it. or was i mistaken in the video? great jacket!
i got my windbreaker with a blanket today. i'm in brisbane australia.
received mine in singapore too. ordered a bomber and a blazer. seem good.
received mine in singapore. only ordered one bomber jacket - think baubax sends out to those who ordered single jacket first before to those who ordered multiple. great build quality - no regrets in backing even though the delivery was late. understandable given the sheer number of backers.
@maike m. mir geht es genauso. ich hab vor einer woche die versandbestätigung erhalten und seitdem kein update. wird dein paket auch mit der schweizer post versendet?
received mine in hong kong. nice jacket. didn't regret backing. one thing to note: i didn't receive any notification/tracking number. they just came without a sign. maybe it is because it is local shipping? (i don't have any discontent about this. just want to let you guys know they can just come without any tracking number sent)
from singapore... still no updates on the delivery. ordered 2 bombers - 1 male and 1 female. my trip is coming soon and surely these will come in handy but at this rate, i'm not even sure if they will reach me on time before i fly! kind of disappointed.
@rolts just came in today, thanks so much! really happy with the overall design and glad i got the size right xd really lovin the inflatable neck pillow and it's design, now i jut gotta figure out what all the pockets are for ~
no status update for one bomber to germany since the shipping notice a week ago...was da los? zoll oder so?
brisbane australia, got the tracking email a week ago, package arrived today. am happy with the style/use, although its a tad bit tight. @ leigh thal - totally agree with you, it is too damn hot here to wear it. would definately use for future travels!
melbourne australia - arrived today and picked up.  thoughts - jacket is nice,  actually better than expected.  i went with a large and i'd say it's just a large.  length is fine,  but sleeve length is just long enough.  the internal fingerless glove is just a sheer sock with a thumbhole, but it serves is purpose.  the separate gloves wouldn't fit any male sized hands..  there aren't even close to my wrist... not a huge deal.  overall, pretty happy...  now i'll take it off given its 34 degrees.  would have been great for my christmas holiday....  maybe next time!
hello melbourne here :(
bottom left
@bruce. the campaign notes the blanket pocket to be on the bottom right inside, below the phone pocket and next to the battery pocket. it would be disappointing if the pocket doesn't fit the blanket it was supposed to have been designed to take.
@rolts congrats!!! u finally got it!!! mine is still far...... haven't heard anyone receiving their 6 packs yet...... @charlene thanks for the gst info. guess will have to make a trip down to show them what my pledge amount was..... now just hope i get a tracking number so can call them before they bill me the wrong amount......
received today... from malaysia
south korea, male bomber and female sweatshirt, no news, everything is quite, anyone?
@ bruce gilliland - thanks but then i believe i have a problem now. i wear m and l for most of the brands, but it is weird that i need a s for gap jackets. that's why i don't know if i need a s or m/l for baubax stuff...so i finally choose to trust the chart before and select s, anyway, i am kinda worried now, waiting such a long period for the unfit jackets will definitely kill me lol
@ jack ip - it's an academic issue now, but what size jackets or sweatshirts do you wear now or have in your closet? if they fit, that's probably the size you wanted to order, regardless of what the chart says.
early bird backer in hong kong and still haven't received any news. considering the hub is just next to where i work, that makes me sick. btw, is there anyone can confirm if the size (bomber and sweatshirt) is fit? according to the chart, it seems that i need to choose men s size (i am 175cm tall and 74kg). but from some of the comment below, i can see those who are 173cm tall and 80kg needs a m or even l....
i am from singapore.  one bomber, one sweatshirt, no news yet.
@ rolts - glad you got it! it sounds like the jacket will meet your needs, and hopefully your expectations. at least you will have an upcoming winter to wear it in. did you get a blanket? if so, does it fit? one person couldn't find the blanket pocket. is there one?
to those of you that have received the bombers: will an ipad pro fit in the ipad pocket?
@rolts. sadly, no news yet; no jacket, no email. i saw the loop on a posted photo.  seems mine is mia for now. just a single bomber + blanket.  when it comes, i might wear it down the the air-conditioned westfield; i'll hang around outside kathmandu and gauge the interest ;-)
@raymond and pannajiva singapore here too. i've just received mine. i got the notification last saturday morning. https://baubax.aftership.com/cp982559717hk
@creator, i am one of the early backer, backer#2465, where is my tracking information!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fyi the amount on the delivery notice is the full amount of the jackets i think. i pledged $274 usd but the notice said $373.50usd. so to those who need to pay gst in singapore or elsewhere might want to take note.
baubax, please read and answer your emails -_-
that's what i had figured. i have other things i cc so not to worried about my ipad being apparent, i live in the south eastern us, but had my hopes up. i'm glad as a jacket it works though. very excited to get mine. thanks!
backer from singapore. no updates with regards to tracking number or anything. please update?
i am staying in singapore and backed this back in july for 1 bomber but still have not gotten any tracking email or the sort.
@rolts. that's good news. mine has arrived in au and is being processed so hopefully it will arrive in time for me to take with me in less than 2 weeks.
got my bomber jacket today ( melbourne, aus ). what can i say...love it so much... kind off regret not suggesting them to make the sleeves as removable. a bit loose for me, should order m size instead of l
just received my 2 jackets in singapore. no tracking number received, just delivered. one bomber one sweatshirt. loving it!
@ steve: that loop by the glasses pocket means you can hang your glasses from that if you have something else in the pocket. when did yours arrive?
@ andrew conrad; it's not a secret. the flat nature of the ipad means the jacket stands off the body a bit, less noticeable if the jacket is open. but it's definitely not a concealed carry. if you think of it as a convenient place to put your ipad while going through check in at the airport, or whist boarding a train/bus, it makes sense, rather than as a place to carry your ipad all the time.
rolts thanks for the review bud! how obvious is it when you are using the ipad pocket?
anyone is singapore still haven't gotten their tracking number or their items? i haven't gotten mine yet.
nothing still.  2 bombers still on their way from hk to hk.....?
i just got my bomber jacket :) ~ (from taiwan)
my jacket arrived at the local po yesterday, collected this morning. 1 x black bomber l men's. mailing label/declaration was interesting; according to the label, 3 garments each valued at $us25. i guess that is to cover the situation in case it is opened by customs, but a garment description for the bottle is unusual. sizing looks to be about what i estimated. i was tossing up between the m and the l. i'm 173cm and 80kg ( 5'91/2" and 175lb for our us backers). the l will be a comfortable fit over a thick shirt or even a light sweater. on me it's long enough to protect the kidney area well, coming half way down my butt. this means when i sit down it won't ride up to high. quality; to give some perspective, i worked part-time retail in menswear when younger, and these days usually have my suits, and more formal jackets tailor made, involving multiple fittings. the initial inspection of the jacket gives a good impression. the external poly fabric is very sturdy and should provide good resistance to incidental damage, the inside lining is quite a light poly material. i would caution against sustained heavy loads in the internal pockets. long term this would cause break down at the seams, but for the intended use, (pocketing everything before boarding a plane, train, bus) it's perfect. the ipad pocket has been tested and certainly hold my ipad (an early model) complete with its kensington cover/blue toothed keyboard. the lining between the inner and outer shells gives the jacket added weight and i anticipate warmth. as it is 34 degrees c /94 degrees f here today, i'm not going to try it out other than for a size test. summary: would i have bought this if i had seen it in a store, yes. my wife has a bomber in similar fabric from an outdoor clothing manufacturer and loves it. the price was fairly similar, but has non of these features. i think when she sees mine, she might look to get one too. tl;dr: jacket looks good, sizing seems pretty close to the measuring charts, quality of the item looks good.
thanks guys!  my jacket arrived here in aus to me today!!
any backers of 6 have received their package yet?
still waiting for my blue windbreaker in sunny singapore. missed out a trip in nov and hope it does reach before my next one in march. no updates still.. pls advise?
my po box expires this month, i rented it expecting to receive my jacket before it expires.. i'm not paying $160 to renew it but i don't want my jacket to just disappear. i thought we would receive tracking numbers by now. cheers, dustin blondin
still no jacket here!
what is the large loop on the glasses pocket for?
my blazer arrived with me in new zealand today after starting being tracked on feb 23rd. did not have to pay any customs charges.  all seems good. overall seems to be good quality. hood a little heavy and bulky with pillow in. but when blown up and eyeshades down works well.  possibly a little too tight for me but next size up probably would have been to large.
the karma... i think that i'm the only one who have his jacket lost...
just had mine delivered today in ireland . left hk on friday. no taxes sought. tracking number worked fine.  jacket is great (not brilliant). pillow a bit fiddly and hard to fit back in hood so it doesn't look bulky. got a pair of large gloves( still very small fitting)  which i wasn't expecting and water bottle.  i expect the next generation, if there is one, will get better. glad i supported this startup.  overall 7 out 10
for those who are after more photos here are some that have been tagged #baubax (thankyou to stayemptyforsoul for tagging hers and giving me the idea) - this might be a way to track down some pics from people who don't post here all photos and videos  are the owners http://tofo.me/tag/baubax   or https://www.instagram.com/explore/tags/baubax/
@darkidris hey thanks for responding! yeah i've been hit a few times with other projects that i've backed and international orders so expect it now. but just wondering if anyone who has already received their jacket also received the customs charge. i get its a lottery and sometimes you don't get it. but trying to get an average idea of it.
melbourne oh melbourne ~~~
this is very frustrating. i've been waiting a couple weeks now for a response from baubax after i've sent a few emails. today i finally get a canned response about how tracking numbers will be sent out soon and the person obviously did not read my email because i said nothing about tracking. i don't care about tracking. this is ridiculous.
hi chirag unfortunately, goods bought outside the eu, like the jacket, attract vat and duty, plus a standard handling charge. there's a link here that explains it.  https://www.gov.uk/goods-sent-from-abroad/overview sometimes, the sender is flexible with the truth on the declaration form and you may be lucky and get a low charge or none at all. it is a bit of a lottery though.  basically - buy from overseas and expect charges, i am afraid. you can't be disappointed then, only pleasantly surprised.
anyone from denmark hingst there tracking number?
@ rolts - thanks for the clarification. i hope that when you get your jacket, you will post some pictures. the young lady (who hid her face in the videos) did a good job of showing us what we can expect. (see kunhan post several message down.)
question for anyone from uk who has received theirs, did anyone get hit with a customs charge? mine is currently going through customs at the moment but wondering if there's a charge coming my way. blue bomber - dispatched 26th feb
ordered 1 bomber in singapore and family had received it as i'm currently away. received tracking number emails from baubax llc last friday, and it has been constantly updating about delivery process via emails. shipping is fulfilled by local post office, speedpost.
there was someone in socal or norcal that received a tracking number, i remember as there was a bit of back and forth between them and someone in the opposite (ie, someone in norcal responding to the person in socal receiving their tracking or vice versa). if people are receiving 4 and 5 packs then the shipping from hong kong must be almost completed as of yesterday so i'd wager they made their deadline there to ship them all by the end of the month and i'd be more inclined to say that people are not checking their junk mail or the emails are just getting filtered out so they're not seeing them, but of course there will be some that don't come through. as i suggested earlier there are almost 44,000 emails to be sent, the possibility of a few being entered incorrectly or people monitoring the wrong email is a likely chance as there will be a human typing them in somewhere along the line!
just received my tracking number for austria. this is a package with two jackets (2 bomber in diff sizes for a colleague and me), so it seems that the single deliveries are all on their way.
@ bruce gilliland: re emails & tracking:- hi bruce, i received two emails. the first was an email from the delivery logistics group in hong kong (floship). it was a copy of the shipping invoice and had a tracking number that could be used with aftership.com, as mentioned in update 16. the second email was from baubax itself, telling me that the jacket had been dispatched. this email contained a link to the aftership.com site. this email was received 3 days after the first from floship. hope this clarifies.
@jeffrey, nope.
anyone in the nyc region receive their tracking number yet?
@nicholas they have posted updates with what is going on. your jackets should be there soon, world wide shipping should be going any day. looks like the us, and north america, is the last region to begin receiving.
got my jackets today, in hong kong
man. it's way too hot to wear a jacket now from where i live. bummer. still looking forward to the jacket though
please! i'm from argentina no shipment tracking number received. and i haven't received my 2 jackets :(. it's already end of february 2016. and no one gives explanations. please, i need some answers
again@those who asked for jacket reviews  here are some pics form the backers who already got their jackets, and kindly share their lovely one.  notice: i searched these links from my browser cookies, pics right belong to original backers. blacker blazer (male)  https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/12081875/img_0450.jpg navy blazer (male)  https://www.dropbox.com/s/9zzkpqhf28i6mie/img_1962.jpg… https://www.dropbox.com/s/9zzkpqhf28i6mie/img_1963.jpg… black blazer (female)  http://tinypic.com/view.php… http://tinypic.com/view.php… blue bomber (male) https://www.dropbox.com/sh/bu9gh5qz40f1bbq/aacydoqmhjyu22numo0dm5-1a… ================02.29 updated below============================= blue bomber (female,s) (source;stayemptyforsoul) http://tofo.me/stayemptyforsoul this album contains some of the video to show how the pockets, pillow works. it's really helpful thanks again for the backers who kindly share the pics.
@amanda the easiest would be to look it up on instagram using #baubax hashtag
@amanda: they are quite a ways down in the comments section, for the photos. as for which company is delivering them, i haven't heard anything yet, but i expect most likely usps.
two requests, first i noticed that someone said that some of those that have received their jackets had posted pictures, anyone know where i could find those. and second, just curious if anyone knows which company the shipments will arrive from, ie, usps, ups, fedex ect. thanks everyone.
@mandy, thanks for correcting me, fair enough
hi, im from singapore. anyone wanna trade an s bomber for my s sweatshirt? email me at angbenny123@gmail.com or mention me here at the comments section if you're interested. thanks! quality is great!
got my tracking number today - jakarta, indonesia
i'm in the uk, waiting for 1 blazer xl still not received any update or shipping details??? :(((
first: wow, welcome back alex. second: i believe i saw someone state they had gotten a tracking number and they were in socal.
hello! i have a tracking number, but lost the tracking since it arrived in france... i suppose it's not still in paris. an idea to know what happend next?
i hear you @bruce but if they/their shipping partner are too disorganised to send notices, it's another weak link in their communications. i think we are all grossly underestimating the number of people who read the messages from time to time but don't post (although some will make an exception to comment on the jacket once arrived). ks users are on average going to more tech-savvy than the general population.
@rolts isn't in the us.
@ alex, @ owen - even if 1,100 jackets were shipped last week, most of the them, if not all, could still be in transit. and if notices were not sent (see below) then people would know know the jackets are on the way. of course, as owen noted, many (probably 95%+) backers don't come here. we certainly have not heard from all of the possibly hundreds of people who have gotten their jackets around the world.
@ alex - someone, rolts i think, said they got a tracking number notice from baubax. baubax, it a recent update, said notices would be coming from aftership.com. either way, it appears that notices are not being sent or are not being sent before the jackets arrive.  i guess if you get your jacket, that's okay. but, because shipping can take days or weeks, people need to know it's coming. failure to send a timely notice is certainly not a good way to run a business.
@ owen - thanks. the issue now is when will we start seeing notices? for baubax's sake, it needs to be really soon.
they implied they were sending c.1,100 shipping notifications last week. the reason not one us backer has reported receiving a shipping notification is because they didn't do what they said they would. can be proud of impeccable consistency.
re international shipping: last week baubax said they had shipped (not delivered) about 40% of the jackets from hong kong. that left 60% not shipped. i am sure the numbers are "better" now, but they still have a ways to go. they obviously will not complete shipping by the end of feb. it's march 1 there already. the question is how much longer will it take for them to complete the shipping from hong kong. also, note that a lot of people are getting their jackets without having received a notice first. (check your e-mail spam or junk folders.) so, it is possible that this will happen for more people. my point is, there is little point in asking here (or at baubax support) why you have not heard from the shipper. you will not know for sure until you do get a notice or the jacket arrives. keep in mind that customs and carries delays can hold up shipments for days, if not weeks. but we do still need to hear from people. we need a way to monitor just how long this process its taking. so, as we used to say on tv here, keep those cards and letters rolling in.
@bruce: i didn't see anyone in north america saying they received shipping notification...either they are hiding the fact, or they don't visit here....ever.
no tracking code, no jacket. :( 2 bomber i'm in indonesia @tirtana arief : have you got yours ?
re north american shipping and deliveries - for all of you asking: update 16, posted on friday, feb. 19, said that shipments would begin "next week." that to me infers feb 22-26. however, update 17 said that because they were allowing address updates for north american customers, a final list would not be completed until after tues., feb. 23. they did say that about 1,100 packages has been sent. note: i am not sure anyone has reported receiving a notice, but i could have missed it. but, the shipments of the bulk of the jackets would probably, in my opinion, begin this week, feb. 29-march 4. now, the shipping facilities can certainty be getting packages ready. baubax should know how many single jackets of each type are to be sent. those could be boxed, ready for mailing labels. i suspect groups of packages will be bundled together to facilitate the carriers. in summary, we should start getting notices this week. if we don't, then baubax has one more problem - a really big one. right, alex?
@tan, moi aussi je suis en france. ma veste était déjà en france quand j'ai recu le numéro de suivi.  moi je suis mon colis sur le site de la poste (en utilisant le numéro swisspost recu par mail) est mon colis est à roissy depuis le début de la semaine dernière. il n'a pas encore passé la douane...
anyone in the philippines that got their jackets? still waiting :(
still waiting for mine. in sg and order only 1 red bomber..
still waiting no any update
has everyone received a tracking number? or are they still processing these out of the warehouse?
just to fyi the folks here.  backer from singapore. away on a work trip to the us and was just told by wife that the 2 jackets i'd ordered had arrived.
re: quality of pillows - therese andre reported that her pillow leaks air. has anyone else inflated their pillow and tried to use it? i would not be surprised if there are quality issues with the pillows. also with the pens. i have seen several reports of people having problems with the pens. everyone - please test your pillow and pen when you get them.
@ 豊永愛恋 - re: blanket - that is interesting. the picture at the top of the page clearly shows a "blanket" pocket on the left inside of the jacket. did they leave it out, or not make it the correct size? @ therese andre - the picture at the top of the page shows a "phone charger" pocket on the lower left inside of the jacket. it is below the "phone" pocket. you would run a charging cord from a portable charger in the lower pocket to your phone in the upper packet. i doubt there are any holes for the cable to go through.
singapore - singed and received. do look out for the 3 pen refills hidden in left breast outer pocket!  question: the neck pillow, do i attached the mini loop on the pillow to the top or bottom button in the hood?
re: wrong sizes and exchanges - the campaign page says this under the sizing charts: "exchange policy: "if you follow the sizing chart carefully, then the jackets shall fit you just fine. still, if you wish to exchange your jacket for any reason, we will allow you to do that, but you’ll have to pay for the two way shipping. as we are just starting up and offering our jackets at highly discounted prices on kickstarter, we won’t be able to accept returns." this assumes also that they have a jacket in the size and style you want. also, no shipping location is given.so you will need to check with support first before sending in the jacket. a couple of days ago, there were some posts about someone setting up an exchange site, not affiliated with baubax. but i have not seen anything else, so i can't say if it is legitimate.
so happy to hear backers from singapore received their (more than 2) reward. still waiting for mine and still hopeful it will come by this week.
got my bomber jacket in japan today. the jacket is a little bit heavy and the blanket doesn't fit in any of the pockets.
michael, it took close to 11 days of international shipping before a firsthand account of tracking/delivery was reported.  the 1100 planned shipments for last week is also a relatively small faction of the 28k na orders.  with two distribution centres there should be a higher output volume than the hong kong facility so if shipping has started reports of tracking info should start to trickle in later on this week.
@rolts:  according to the last update, 1,100 na orders were supposed to be shipped last week -- not this week.  not one report of a na backer receiving a tracking number on the comment board yet....  not unsurprising, given baubax's track record of things happening, when they say they will. that said, i am optimistic that baubax will begin shipping to na backers in the next two weeks.  and that i will receive my reward in the april/may timeframe.  (i have two jackets on order.)
happy leap day! free day!
from hk here..received a 4 pack from baubax today (3 bombers 1 windbreaker)..quality for the jackets are very good! pockets are good and warm..pillow works very well and its not that baggy or loose  when walking..a little hard for my earphones to get thru the holes tough but will make it work :).. blankets seems like it is made with low quality fabric compared to the jackets but its very big and warm. water bottle havent had the chance to use it one thing is when i try to get the pillow from the hoodie its very hard to unbutton/button when the hoodie is attached.. otherwise im one very happy backet and my family loves it as well!
received my parcel containing 1 bomber ladies, 1 sweatshirt ladies, 1 bomber male, 1 blazer male today. i am based in hk and the delivery was via floship (no delivery notice). let me know if anyone would like to swap/ buy a navy blue womens bomber in size s (tall)! the sleeves are too short on me and i would need a m...
i have not recieved the tracking number yet. anyone else? from malaysia
received mine in australia today!
@chris : how long have you received your jacket after email?
i am in the uk and have just received my sweatshirt. thanks!
@all : one week after received an email for tracking, my order seems staying at hong kong? anyone have this situation? i'm from france.
received my blue xs bomber. it's a little short on me, but otherwise fits well.
i'm from singapore and i just got my sweatshirt today!
i received the bomber, not my size. pls let me know how to get my right size, pls.
feeling hopeful. see that there are ppl who pledged for 2 bombers had already received theirs. waiting for postman to ring my doorbell.
just received my bomber jacket *scream* it looks so cool and the material is great! now i just need to figure out all those features.
i received my boomer jacket today i absolutely love it. fits great the color black amazing. but i live in brisbane, australia it's a bit hot this time of year. but i am looking forward to winter. it's absolutely fabulous thanks.
re: backers from north america: some backers have reportedly received rewards before receiving their email. however, according to the last update, the addresses were only passed to the delivery logistics group last wednesday and shipping was to begin this week.
i just got my jacket this morning (i live in japan). it is amazing. i got the bomber and i love it. it feels so high quality and everything works like a dream. it's also really warm.
hello i have finally received my jacket and love it, especially the hand warmer attachements with thumbholes.  question.. is there supposed to be a cap for the pillow when you blow it up?  mine leaks air immediately.  question  the charger pocket, it is just a pocket right with no extra attachments to it   ( i know not a charger of course, but if it is just a pocket, then it is just another pocket).   cheers,
has anybody from japan received their jackets?
got my jacket this morning in dublin, ireland. :d
hello, when will i get my jackets? i'm located in san francisco.
i got mine ^_^ from singapore ~ i didn't get an email though �
@ramis, it might have been passed on to the turkish postal services. at least that's what happened with me and i'm in france. you could try using the shipping number to track in on the turkish post website it might work.
received mine :) in singapore, black bomber s sized... still trying to find out what i should use for each pockets xd
received mine in singapore. jacket is off good quality but slightly bulky so removed the pillow for edc.
i see others in australia have received tracking info. i have received nothing yet. i'm not panicking yet, but having recently had total non-delivery and non-communication from another company on kickstarter, i hope i'm not about to have have a repeat :-(
anyone in singapore, received two different style of jackets? i got a bomber and sweatshirt.... now just assuming because it is a little more complex than 2 bomber. that is why i am going to get it later.
it's been 5 days and all aftership says is "send item abroad (edi-received)" does anyone know what that means? i'm from turkey btw.
ok thanks a lot @rolts @johnson ! i didnt get any email yet and i am staying in sg
@ rob goodwin; some backers have reportedly received rewards before receiving their email. however, according to the last update, the addresses were only passed to the delivery logistics group last wednesday and shipping was to begin this week.
just got a mail to say my 2 bomber jackets are being shipped from hk to melbourne !! yayy
@ joel tan; both had tracking info, the invoice had a tracking number to use with 'aftership.com'. the baubax email had a link to the same site.
i ordered one sweatshirt in usa. based on the updates, i should have had my order mailed out as one of the first, but it's now almost march and i haven't heard anything about it being shipped. please advise how i can get info on when my sweatshirt will arrive.
@ joel tan; i received 2 emails; the first came from floship - the logistics group in hk, it was a copy of the shipping invoice. 3 days later i received an email from baubax, informing me that it been dispatched.
@joel it's from baubax. though in the email there's a link to view the tracking details. will be delivered by singapore speedpost.
is the email from kickstarter or the delivery company?
just received a email from baubax. order has been dispatched. pledge: 2 bomber location: singapore
just received my 2 bombers, without any email notification. i'm located in singapore! :)
hi. im frm singapore. and im still waiting for my jackets. pls advise the etd & tracking number. i was acknowledge that shipments will be out throughout february, today is the last day of feb and still no updates??
@sudarshan when did you receive your intimation, mine nothing shows in indiapost.gov.in
@rolts and yet auspost still want to charge us more for post as well. lived in vanuatu for a few years, they stopped shipping through australia and started bringing stuff through fiji instead as it was much faster for a lot of items, especially from the us!
got it but its not as good as i thought it will be so sad :(
@ leigh thal; hope australia post do better than a recent tracked delivery from the states. a small package sat in sydney sorting for a month, even after i launched a query with them. it didn't shift until i asked if i needed to report a possible postal theft with the police that it suddenly started move and arrived in adelaide in 24hrs. smh
@rolts same for me mate
@ joshua davis; re: shipping to australia from my tracking:- processed in hk 23 feb departed hk 24 feb arrived in australia 25 feb processed for delivery 29 feb arrival ?
@taylor chen; waiting.....waiting.... "being processed for delivery." according to tracking.
i have not receive my jacket yet.... and my number is 28,208....why no.30,000+  said they received?
@ taser creeper yes, hk have started their 2 jacket orders.
i received the tracking number, i am from asia (india). mine is in the indian customs for the past few days
just wondering how long does it take to ship to australia? i understand all the delays and things but do you have a rough estimate for nsw? hasn't arrived yet.. haven't received any emails and such for tracking either. just ordered one bomber. thanks
also, i did not get a tracking number.
@jodie great news! i better go back to my old place and check!
received: *two* jacket order (male lt bomber and female s bomber) - country - hong kong.  backer number 30,837
@ leng kee. it's the ink cartridge. it always falls out whenever it is in the writing position.
@ ang benny did you remove the wax seal on the pen? and there are extra refills in one of the pockets...
hello errryone! am curious if anyone, anywhere has received an order that contained more than one jacket?
anyone wants to trade my s size black sweatshirt for a s sized bomber? i'm from singapore.
i havent received my jacket yet, nor the shipment tracking number. i am from dubai, uae.
just got my windbreaker, try out it fit me well yet to try fitting in tablet into the pocket...  the jacket is warm, the outer layer feel good and look tough but inner layer is thin and feel like it can tear off easier if you do not handle with care... also the compartment to store the pillow in the hoodie, felt like the button will drop off easily... workmanship is not very near & clean either, there are a number of lose thread that require to do some trimming...  so overall the quality is so-so, not really that good for the price we paid.  from singapore.
there's much to like about the jacket, but there are some serious flaws too. the pen unfortunately does not work for my jacket. is there warranty??
mine just reach singapore courier service this morning base on the tracking, should be receive this evening or tomorrow.
from singapore. received my jacket today morning. jacket looks and bulky and feels heavy, but the material seems kinda nice. the size also fits well. disappointed in the colour tho, should have gone for the charcoal or blue rather than black.
@all recent update in summary europe: single jacket orders started and received. no news yet on >1 jacket orders.  australia: single jacket orders started and received. no news yet on >1 jacket orders.  hk: seems like double jacket orders have started and received.  singapore: single jackets orders started and received. no news yet on >1 jacket orders.  us: i think there have been some tracking numbers received, not sure about the jacket. for your reference above.
i just received my 2 bombers this morning without tracking no. email. i am from hk.
@grats jodie! hope receive mine soon - melbourne
just got my bomber in the mail. such good quality, i am in love. from qld australia :)
i haven't received my jacket...
i'm from singapore. no shipment tracking number received. and i haven't received my 2 jackets :(. it's already end of february 2016. i guess there are some delay on shipment again.
just received 2 bombers with no email or tracking no. i'm from hong kong
from hong kong my 2 jackets, still not yet received my tracking number
@rolts have you received yours?
according to speedpost, my bomber is now with the delivery man/lady. i will receive it today or tomorrow! hurray!  :d
@katharine, same here nothing in canberra><
i've not received my shipment as well in singapore. please update. thanks
still haven't got a shipping notification - australia :(
iemand uit nederland al iets ontvangen?
@ lynn gracie-rogers: the kickstarter campaign is finished, so i would suggest trying baubax.com as it has a pre-order link. last time i looked, it took you to the indiegogo crowd funding site. the touch of modern site had pre-ordering as well. @ wonju jeong: it's a travel jacket, so if travelling, it will be of use then. otherwise, you do have a jacket for autumn/winter wear.
to all usa, canada and mexico backers. according to update 16, shipping to these locations *starts* on monday.
still haven't received it and now will be no use until upcoming fall/winter.
we had a problem with my daughters order. is there any way to order now?
u.s., west coast, pack of 3 did not receive tracking # nor jackets so far...
@imee no worries if baubax declare the retail price as custom says we can show our pledge amount and they will do adjustment if they are holding the parcel. but if courier are the ones clearing for us, we have to contact the company to check on the stated price before clearing if not there will be admit fee for adjusting after clearing. so let's just wait and see who is the one delivering it to us to check our next move. not sure will single jacket and multi pack be deliver by the same? single pack now is being delivered by singpost?
@mike - they aren't "gifts" otherwise they would all be shipped declaring them as such on customs declarations and avoiding duty and import fees.  every single kickstarter i have backed refuses to do so and says it is illegal for them to do so.  as such, these are not "gifts" as you state and because they declare the value as being the pledge amount, are, in fact, purchases that are being imported in the eyes of customs agents and most laws.
john - have you never done a kickstarter before? being late is the norm and frankly putting in a cc dispute at this point is board wrong on fraud on your part.  you didn't buy a jacket.  you pledged to give the company seed money. in return you are getting a gift. yes it is later vs their initial estimates but it is coming.  pitching a fit about the schedule delays is not a justifiable reasons to do a chargeback. people.  relax!!! geez.
john - have you never done a kickstarter before? being late is the norm and frankly putting in a cc dispute at this point is board wrong on fraud on your part.  you didn't buy a jacket.  you pledged to give the company seed money. in return you are getting a gift. yes it is later vs their initial estimates but it is coming.  pitching a fit about the schedule delays is not a justifiable reasons to do a chargeback. people.  relax!!! geez.
i'm in the us and still haven't received my jacket or tracking number. the jacket is now useless for a year. i am so livid. i have never had such a horrible kickstarter experience. i think them sending us an email to forward to our loved ones in lieu of the christmas jacket they were supposed to get- and a measly 10% discount toward another jacket was a slap in the face. at this point, i have filed a complaint with my bank.
has anyone in pennsylvania gotten theirs yet?
waited for 2 trips but it's still not here.. not even received my tracking number too. singapore based
leaving in tokyo.  i was expecting the delivery in december for a birthday.  gave up on that and was hoping for valentines.  now, still waiting...
i live in hk but not yet get my bomber. will be soon, right?
singapore- 1 bomber, 1 sweat shirt no tracking number yet :(
hong kong - got my bomber yesterday, thats a quite heavy one, hope you guys can receive it soon!
australia - melbourne, not know, ask jane....
@lyle skains i'm interested ,can you email me pics and how much it'd be including shipping: i'm in california in the u.s.  my email is prissy_020304@hotmail.com
australia - melbourne when? :(
https://gyazo.com/27d20b9c99bb997a7c552321c79f657b ...
uk here. no tracking email, no jacket. but from the update it looks like all non north american jackets were supposed to ship by tomorrow?
got my sweatshirt, and despite me checking the measurements thoroughly before submitting a size,  it's too small for me to travel comfortably in. it's a l women's charcoal. if anyone wants to purchase or trade, let me know. i'm in the uk.
@tan: 4 days after leaving from hk warehouse  location: singapore bomber jacket quality was great! am happy with the design and quality. but won't wear it in sg coz weather is not suitable.  just a couple of points:  - gloves: not comfortable. can't remove.  - pillow: don't know how to affix to the hood can baubax upload an "instruction manual" or send it via email?
@jody give it sometime u should receive it soon
@all : how long do you have received your jacket after it's leaving warehouse?? and from what country are you??
@taylor chen. mine has has been shipped by hk post so auspost will do the final delivery eventually.
i remember seeing people from australia receiving their tracking number and said its via aupost right? because i'll have to redirect the parcel after my lease ends so just double checking!! :)
@luke hunter, they said they non-us orders should be sent out before the end of feb, so i'd say we should expect to have all received our order tracking numbers during the week starting tomorrow.
i still don't have my 'hoodie'. no tracking number either. i'm really starting to worry, tomorrow is the last day of february. sigh!
i got my jacket now people! from singapore here! :d hang in there guys! the blazer jacket is really cool!~~
@ john smith .  i have the same order as yours, single bomber. still no tracking number.. sigh
single bomber order with blanket here, i haven't received any tracking or emails from baubax or the courier, in western australia and i'm doubtful i'll get my jacket in time for my first holiday overseas :(
@imee maybe u can show the custom your receipt to prove how much u bough
@eileen i only hope they declared the ks price and not the retail price. because i would be so mad if i had to pay gst on retail price.
same here from sg! no tracking email received
@pei shan i haven't received any tracking info as well...1 bomber from sg.
@imee gst is 7% depending on how much baubax declare
@imee @sharon i'm with u guys too. six pack from taiwan.
@sharon darn i forgot about gst. ugh i hope it won't be too expensive. do you know how much we might have to pay?
oh yeah backer in hong kong has gotten their jacket >1. that means we gonna get ours soon too. singapore here backed for 2. still waiting for it.....
btw @imee ours should be stop by custom as we have to pay gst. so hopefully we will hear from the courier company or custom.
@imee cong i'm with u!!!! still waiting for my 6 packs!!! lol
anyone in singapore received a multiple jacket order? still waiting for tracking notification.
nice to hear they are arriving in singapore. my friends and i got the 6-jacket option so we're probably going to be one of the last to get it *sad*
posted a few days ago regarding my jacket not being here.. but... after a wait... its arrived! singapore here too! size and fit is good, so is the quality!
@ pei shan; i would say it's on its way, as other singaporean deliveries have occurred.
not yet receive yet. some from singapore has received theirs. where is my 1 bomber?
i got it!!!! - singapore. the jacket is pretty awesome, thanks man
@ setyo - i see no one has responded to your post about having the wrong size. baubax said they would exchanges in situations such as yours. but you will have to pay for the shipping both ways. check the campaign p[age faqs to see if you can find details on that. several days ago, there were some posts about a swap shop being set up, but i don't recall the details. maybe someone else can explain that.
@jeff - cheers to your jacket! how long did it take from hk to uk and did you have to deal with customs (pay anything)? thx
can anyone that's received windbreakers or sweat shirts post pics please.
just to say - received my windbreaker in the uk today. very happy with it. size spot on for me (i'm about 183cm and thin, and medium fits great). worth the wait in the end.
i ordered a bomber and a sweatshirt, maybe it takes forever to receive them... even i am from hk...
@mike kopeck  i hear you - deep breath, chill.
@stayemptyforsoul thanks! i just hope i chose correctly lol
john: chill man. what day you put your pledge in has nothing tondo with delivery order.  it's coming. relax.  you'll probably get your tracking info this week (if it's a single jacket order). i know it's frustrating when you see others getting their jackets and you aren't getting notice of yours yet. but try to understand that it's not like all 40k orders can possibly go out for delivery on the same day!
as someone who pledged way back on july 2nd 2015, a day or two after the opening of the backing process , i think i have a reason to be a little annoyed at not having a tracking number or having received my 1 bomber jacket.   waiting in uk. �
i think it totally fit me, i'm 165cm and 105lbs, i choose size s
as far as i can remember it just wanted bust and sleeve length when they finally gave us a updated size chart.
@chan wing shan , just wondering did the size chart suggest the  correct size for you? and did it end up fitting you well? that was one thing i wasn't completely sure about.
all right, the neck pillow is so far ok��
anyone pledged for two or more different jackets received tracking number or jackets??
hi all, i'm from hong kong, i got it today's morning with no email, and usually i don't need work on saturday, anyway i need work today suddenly, and my post address is a office address, so that's mean they delivery it on saturday? anyway. i will update my 'small size blue women bomber' on a ig acc, if you like to see more abt it, pls go to ig acc  " stayemptyforsoul " to hv a look. i didn't check is there any difference with the appearance in the video, but one thing is the neck pillow is totally not match with the video shows, i will try to update ig in one hours, hope you guys get it soon, best!
wow nick i didn't know that. shall try it out when i receive mine.....
eileen, i think what you'll find is that in the campaign photos they simply have the flap for the pockets tucked inside the pocket. it's pretty common on blazers, i do this with mine from time to time depending on the situation. looks more business like with them out and a bit more casual with them tucked in i find personally.
i still not receive any tracking number too..it just so close, but so far....
@nick look at the pocket design. it's different from the initial design. praying hard baubax did not change the design to what is shown in update 16(pocket same as men blazer)
hi is it possible to exchange my blazer with smaller size? i have received it and realized that it's too big
and the change of buttons will change the look of the blazer slightly, it would now not quite pinch in at the sides in the same way. could be a consequence that wasn't thought through by everyone including baubax when people asked for it.
it was order, but i see that two posts earlier someone said they were order 38,000 or so.  so maybe that order number is the backer number and not the order number you can see in the pictures in update 16.
how did they change the pockets eileen?
@david, was that order number 17,000 or backer #17,000, i do remember the pictures of the boxes seemed to have order numbers on them, something like "floship picking list" and a number, would be interested to hear from those who received theirs if they still have the box what numbers have been received so far, that would certainly give us some excellent indications on where they're currently at. undoubtedly there will be some of us who receive the jackets without notification. almost 45,000 being sent out there will be an error somewhere along the way where the email is entered incorrectly into a database or peoples emails simply filter it by accident as well. already been a couple so far.
@ bruce i knew they changed from 1 button to 2 buttons which is good. but they change the cutting and pockets as well without informing. now the female blazer just look exactly same as male blazer. �
i live in hong kong and still no jackets.
nick, someone posted yesterday that they were order number 17000 or so.  international shipping for base kickstarter orders is probably going to wrap up early next week if it is not already done.
@ eileen - re female blazer - at the request of many women, the initial women's blazer design was changed from a one-button jacket to a more traditional two-button jacket. this was done before the campaign ended. they just didn't update their campaign page (one of the things i complained about).
good news, if someone has received a pack of 5 then they should be pretty far along with all the deliveries!
received 5 packs in hong kong, no notice mail.
@erle chan its from  - support@baubax.com update for my tracking - reach malaysia custom today (25th leave hk, 26th reach my). since today is saturday, i assume i'll get my package on monday or tuesday, provided no duty charge for my package. cheers.
im from malaysia, still did not receive any tracking number..��
anyone from singapore who ordered 2 or more item pls update if you rcvd tracking number! i ordered 2 bomber and yet to rcvd any yet. thank you in advance! :)
i got my tracking number today, and expected in 3 days i will receive my jacket... i am in indonesia.. but i didnt get my tracking number yet on us address.
can anyone give an estimate on when the orders for the ones who ordered 4 jackets will ship? cant wait to get the jacketsss ughhh
got my tracking number, yipee!!! i am from india
@erie, http://imgur.com/py70si8
would anyone please tell me what email address did you receive the tracking number from? im from singapore
@eileen, keep in mind that the female blazer on the campaign page has the hoodie part detached from it whereas the pictures from the recent update had it attached which may account for the difference that you're seeing.
anyone receive female blazer? from the latest update the female blazer look exactly same as the male blazer which was so different from the campaign page.... please post a female blazer if any backer already receive. thanks
@agnes chandra : yeah, finally ketemu juga yg pesen utk dikirim ke indonesia. i do hope we got our jacket soon ! i ordered two bomber, u ?
i've just got mine today. love it!!! superb quality and perfect fit! very stylish too!! thanks so much!!
for those that have gotten their jackets how far off was the size based on the sizing chart they  supplied?
lucky @kayle ! i'm in norcal (northern california) it rained today and despite what the world thinks of california it's not always sunny and norcal gets more weather(rainy, dreary)then lucky socal where it's more sunny consistently.
just got a tracking number for my jacket. says it's going to be delivered on the 1st and i'm in socal.
hi all, received the tracking number this morning and got the bomber jacket today at 12 noon. location: singapore
thanks @rolts, i considered that statement re different platform/campaigns and merely asked them to confirm if that was the case.  since my second jacket was an add-on to the ks campaign at the survey stage, it wasn't clear to me whether that would be considered the same ks campaign or a new one.  at this stage i don't care that the second jacket may come separately or much later.  i just want to ensure they have not forgotten, since their add on system and email customer service has been undisputedly inadequate in handling the volume of orders that size.  i don't blame baubax for that as the ks survey system is poor and being forced to use an email customer service system ... well, disaster really.
did anyone in china got their tracking numbers??
@bruce. i guess that's why they needed to sell more on amazon before filling ks orders.
i received tracking email yesterday from baubax and i got my jacket received today. from singapore
just got the latest update from the coolest cooler project. my cooler in is batch 26 to be shipped, whatever that means. but i think it means i will probably get my baubax jackets before my cooler arrives. it was an interesting update. basically, the final cost to produce the coolers for all the backers was more than the net funds received. in other words, the backer price was too low. and we think baubax has problems.
@jennifer cheong: from my baubax delivery email:-  "remember, if you have supported us on different campaigns/platforms, then your orders will be shipped separately and tracking information will be provided for each order."  hope this helps.
tracking email details: from: baubax llc (support@baubax.com) subject your baubax jacket(s) has been dispatched
got my tracking number for new zealand. left hong kong on 24/2. not arrived yet.
@jess thetip, yes, i ordered 2 of same jacket type i.e. 2 bombers.  however, i have only received tracking email from both baubax and floship for one jacket to sydney, australia.  i emailed them this morning about the other one to confirm that it will come separately.  hopefully baubax will reply next week.
update 16 said they would start shipping to north america next week; so starting on monday i guess. only 1100 jackets were supposed to have been shipped this week as part of their initial trial run.
how does the tracking mail look like?
any one received their jackets in the ny/nj area? or at least a tracking number?
from new york and until now waiting for shipping information. i don't think they start shipping in us yet.
based on the numbers baubax gave in update 16 it took about 10-11 days of international shipping before we saw the first firsthand confirmation of a tracking number.  so it may be some time before we see any us confirmations.  that said i think they are going to have to really ramp up distribution if they hope to have any hope of getting all kickstarter and indiegogo orders shipped before the touch of modern delivery window.
@phillip: good question...thought us shipments were to start this week, and haven't heard a single person in the us saying they got shipping notification. anyone able to prove me wrong?
still haven't got any word on mine yet (from us). has anyone in the us gotten theirs (specifically pennsylvania).
jacket has arrived! great quality but the neck pillow is super uncomfortable so removed it and the eye cover in the hood makes it sit a bit odd and isn't really comfy when pulled up
just got my tracking number to adelaide au. pity auspost are so slack as i need it by the 12th march.
@tan  same for me, hope for you that your package is not lost like me...
from vietnam, still waiting :(
i have received my tracking number february 24th, but it seem blocked at hong kong
did anyone in us got their tracking numbers??
mine has reached the singapore customs -> received at processing facility probably will get delivery next week since sat and sun is a non business day.
aaa finally someone from indonesia...  @rita i'm from indonesia too.. i haven't got it. hope we'll get our jackets soon ��
was hoping to get my jacket for trip in mid-march...as i'm in the us, i suspect that's a total pipe dream.   i'd love to hear more people who've actually received their jackets & what they think!
malaysian here. i've got a tracking address today. last updated: "feb 25, 2016 12:00 am the item left hong kong for its destination on 25-feb-2016" it says it's using ems, poslaju. so i shall expect mine to reach by early next week! can't wait!
hi, i'm from indonesia and haven't get any tracking number.. i'm backer #14,477.  anybody here from indonesia too ?
so everyone keeps saying that single jackets are shipping first but i thought baubax said orders with a single type of jacket/hoodie/blazer would also ship first. has any one who ordered 2 of one kind received their jackets?
time will tell, alex.
@ alex - i see you got a notification. good. i really hope the jacket meets your needs and will be useful. that's what we paid our money for.
@ steve manser  - well, someone actually got a jacket they can use for a real trip. great! post a picture of you with the sweatshirt (?) all loaded up for the trip.
fact - "a thing that is known or proved to be true" "you cannot handle" - a subjective statement. leaving your use of language and fuzzy logic aside, i've had the decency to apologise when i was wrong, which can't be said for you. anyway, peace to you and i have zero interest in any attention so i'm happy to fade away.
just received my tracking number.  i'm in vietnam.
received my tracking no. from singapore.  pledged for single sweatshirt.
alex you can apologize all you want but the fact that you feel the need to lash out of other backers is indicative of the fact that you cannot handle how the campaign has turned and much of the criticism has vanished.  you target other backers in the hopes that they will reply and pay attention to you.
whilst i remain highly suspicious about the 1000 jackets they claimed to have sent ages ago, i never described baubax as 'evil'!  but fair enough nick wallace, happy to let it all rest and enjoy your jacket. it does seem like the quality is good so baubax chose good factories and didn't just try and use the cheapest producer, for which fair play.
tracking number received this afternoon (am in europe)
@keith yeah i just received mine 20 mins ago so i'm assuming they are doing all the sg shipment now
@chang hao you got your tracking email? hope i get mine soon haha
based on how i see it, baubax isn't shipping out in terms of who backed first and such. they are sending out systematically by countries.
i was pretty happy and not negative since today, everybody are getting the jackets and me my package is lost, great...
@keith baubax llc
to those singapore backers who received the email...the email is from who?
how long may it take from hk to germany? my status says "departure from border point of origin country" since tuesday...
you see alex, we'll never agree, because you have decided, no matter what, that baubax are  deliberately deceptive and some how "evil" and personally, i don't really care, my mindset coming into this is just to see where it all goes and hopefully get something out of it. that's where i shall leave it.
great, my jacket is lost and now i have to contact baubax, and i'm pretty sure they will answer me in 2-3 weeks...
waited whole day for any miraculous post man to show up my doorstep in singapore.. unfortunately to no avail.. no tracking info no nothing.. and i am heading to bali for 10 days from tomorrow.. i hope that when i come back i can wear my bomber for my next trip.. :'(
@ bk my order was only one bomber jacket size l
and david, i shouldn't have said obnoxious - that was a stronger word than i intended to write and i'm sorry. i should have said insistent.
@micmic they do have a return policy. you have to pay shipping both ways, but they are able to swap it out. i would email them, support@baubax.com to begin the process. it might take a while though, i'm almost certain the focus is on getting them to backers before dealing with any exchanges.
i've apologised when i've messed up, praised baubax on occasion and supported other backers throughout. i'm nowhere near as intransigent as you're painting me out to be @nick wallace. my "crackpot theory" was way more credible than the theory he and you put forward. i didn't assign any confidence to my theory, unlike david who was particularly obnoxious about his 'rightness'. your theory is that not one person reported on here about the 1,000 jackets that were supposedly sent in december. comments are flooding in by the dozen about people receiving their tracking numbers and packages and yet the vast majority of the parcels are still to be delivered. yet you're sticking by your theory that 1,000 parcels were sent in december and not one person came on here or on social media to report safe delivery. that is holding a stubborn position despite the gathering weight of evidence of how kickstarter backers behave and basic mathematical extrapolation.
@ege maybe you shall contact with the shipping company to figure the status out. sb said that it laid in the warehouse for few days but after he/she called the company, it sent out right away....
guys you are very lucky... since 22th i have no news on my tracking number, it's says it's still at hong kong...
just got my tracking number in switzerland. the item already seems to have reached switzerland and is lying with customs right now. fingers crossed!
@ana did you order more than 1? seems like they are just sending out single orders first. just have to be patient.
from uk. no tracking number, no email, no jacket..nothing. how long will i wait? �
from malaysia. tracking number received. guess they start to send out order batch by batch. be patient fellow backers...soon.... :)
@chris s - hah, okay, not just a hoodie! mainly for the flight over there. heading to austin, texas for sxsw as my agency is sending me there. woop woop.
from singapore. tracking number received!  :d
i have a similar problem like @zoe hu. i also live in hong kong and i have recieved my m size blazer today. however, my problem is it is too large for me. i would like to do baubax has any exchange policy now?
alex buddy, let it go. the only way you were coming out of this with any sort of dignity intact after the way you have acted was if the jackets were horribly manufactured. it's time to accept that maybe you have bigger personal problems going on if you are going to cherry pick comments made weeks ago to try and prove... something.
shipping confirmed from sweden
yup i got my tracking info too...from singapore
alex, don't cherry pick davids comment just to prove a point, it makes you look foolish. he was specifically making that comment in regards to your crack pot theory that the 1000 test jackets were not sent to kickstarter backers, he made the point that it's entirely believable that those 1000 people got theres and didn't post on here and it still is entirely believable. the comments section represents a very small minority of the backers, only about 5-10% of them otherwise we wouldn't have only about 7,000 comments, we'd have tens of thousands of comments.
@john did you order single or more than 1 jacket?
someone have pics of the sweatshirt please ?
to all singapore backers check yr email i received my tracking as well.
@david: "if there's nothing to complain about, there's no reason to come back here. for similar reasons there is also little to no reason that backer would feel any inclination to share anything about the delivery process or the end result of the product." your confident and ridiculous assertion has now been proven to be way out.
i'm a bomber backer from australia, and i just received my delivery status email. so hopefully i'll get it within the next week or so!!!
@steve mauser: where in us you going you only need a hoodie? :-) #crazyusweather
hiya. another uk-based update. i was expecting this to be really late and sadly miss  being packed for my trip to the us in 2 weeks - but this morning, i got a package unannounced at my front door. boom. xl hoodie from baubax. well packaged and looks and fits great. really pleased in lots of ways. hope everyone else gets their items soon.
btw i backed for 1 windbreaker, if that makes any difference
@all singapore backers i got my tracking email!!! dear backer, thank you for supporting baubax! we’re happy to let you know that your order no 17288 has been dispatched from our hong kong warehouse. please go check your email for yours!
@simon au, if you read the updates and the many many comments on here you can see that geographical location is not the only factor in receiving your jacket. they are shipping first the "single jacket orders" as in those whom pledged for a single jacket before they move onto the 2 jacket pledges and so on. simply put, they're starting with the simple orders then moving onto the more complex ones. this would be why yours hasn't arrived yet.
30,837 and no tracking yet (got a generic form reply from support email).  i actually live in the same city as the warehouse ==
omg i'm so jealous, i haven't received anything yet :-/
omg i'm so jealous, i haven't received anything yet :-/
got my tracking email! woohoo... thank you for supporting baubax! we’re happy to let you know that your order no 38864 has been dispatched from our hong kong warehouse. checkout your package details below. remember, if you have supported us on different campaigns/platforms, then your orders will be shipped separately and tracking information will be provided for each order.
fyi just received an email from support@baubax.com confirming my reward is dispatched and its current location. there is a tracking link in this email. the invoice copy was sent by floship, 3 days earlier, with tracking number.
hi, i have not received any shipping instructions for my pledge. has it shipped yet? i sent an email to you but didn't get any reply. kindly advise the status thanks.
anyone with review/ picture on the blanket? worth the $$?
@stsve. your not the only one. doubt i will get my bomber before i leave on my next trip.
well, i'm told mine has left hong kong for sydney, australia according to hong kong post and aftership.  woo hoo, i might finally get to try on my bomber next week.  hopefully it won't be a stinking hot 42 deg celcius like it was yesterday.  i'd have to put ice packs in the many baubax pockets and then try on the gloves ...
hmmm.....from malaysia!!! no tracking number yet. anyone from malaysia havent got their tracking no?? :(
got tracking number too. from malaysia
@nigel i just got notification from them, and i am from malaysia. hope that helps.
any idea when would the shipment for singapore be out? heck it should be with me last christmas....
@steve you are correct, i'd only been thinking about it as us orders but that would certainly make more sense to send all the us, canadian and mexican orders to the us
@nick wallace. the us distribution centres will be sending to around 28,000 backers (usa/can/mex), less the 1000 or so they said they would be sending to this week for the test run. that leaves about 13,500 from each centre assuming evenly split, presumably starting on monday. still heard nothing about my bomber + blanket to adelaide.
my bvlazer is on the way to sydnney.  ts nice for once to get rewards before usa.  we usually are a slow second.  cant wait
@nick wallace: i'm hoping they reach the $50k, because of the stretch goal.  the basic model would allow me to check a heap of cables and the lower output chargers, but, the x model would suit me better, as well.
#jacketgate
hi, im from malaysia, can anyone update me status of shipment to malaysia.
@rolts i did see that one not long ago, i was more specifically looking for something good to test the quality of my own cables though, specifically amperage and voltage though and wasn't very sold on that particular project (the video they had of the guy doing the testing though showed me a great example of what i was after in the yzxstudio tester!), unless they reach their $50,000 and do the x version which allows more than just the 1amp, as all my devices require far more than that these days to be honest!
uk based, got shipping order and tracking info on 22nd, online tracking hasn't updated since it left the hk depot. shall report back when it's arrived.
#jacket in sydney. 30 hrs and counting.
*your
@ nick wallace; as you travel a lot with you job, i assume you would be using a number of charging facilities as you move around. usb chargers and cables away from home can be of unknown quality, so i backed one of these. it checks the quality of chargers and cables. not expensive, and the stretch goal is a good one. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1187836018/qoometer-finally-a-smart-usb-cable-charger-tester/description
appears the aussie orders will stay in sydney until monday...  though i have great doubt that this tracking information is even remotely accurate
let's also not forget that courier and postal services don't always make sense. i was living in another country for a few years, my mum sent an express letter to me being only about 1000miles away, a single flight, infact one of the few direct links to where i was by air (ie, direct flights originated from her city to mine). my brother sent a normal letter a day afterwards being 3 times the distance with no direct air links to where i was and his arrived 3 days before the express parcel. distance is not always a factor in sending items.
@ alice did you order single jacket? that puts you in priority. however, if you order >1, then you will be expected to wait until they completed their single orders first. and yes, geographical location does not exactly plays a part. i have seen a couple of backers in europe receiving their tracking numbers, and i think at least 1 of them received their jacket. again, the same mentality, no point making yourself miserable for something that you cannot do anything about, and something that you will eventually receive. let us wait for our jackets together. cheers
@alice lu, what was your order for?
i'm from macau, an hour away from hk where the warehouse is, supposedly all international orders should be delivered by end of february, still no news. sounds like whether or not you are close to the warehouse, you won't get yours any sooner and baubax does not seem to keep their word, updates can't be trusted...
still waiting for mine. just ordered the sweater and shipping address is in california. losing my patience with every single day.
@bk lau that would be why, the single orders should be all completed now if they're on schedule and double jacket orders should be going out shortly, should start to hear about them in the next few days hopefully. keep in mind there are 45,000 backers, over half of the orders are going to the us and only started getting sent this week and there are only a very small number of backers that are commenting on here otherwise there would be a lot more than around 7,000 comments, this makes it really difficult to gauge where things are at right now though. but that's the spirit, the orders are going out now so not much more to do that sit back, relax, have a snickers and check your emails and junk mail from time to time. most of the reports have been pretty good in regards to the quality of the jackets which is very encouraging.
@ john @ nick doing my due diligence, i went through the comments dating back to 31st january.  yes, i believe a backer, kenneth said his colleague has received a tracking number while he is still waiting for his. we are on the receiving end, our only option is to just wait. :)  do not need to make ourselves miserable for something that will eventually arrive.  haha
@ bk yeps i guessed as much there wasn't any reports that i have seen for tracking or even delivery of jacket to singapore for even single ordered jackets guess we i st have to wait
from vietnam, still waiting tracking number :(
@ nick i must have missed that, hasn't seen anything. could be my mistake.  i'm still waiting for mine, although mine is for 2 jackets. it would not arrive that fast, i suppose.
bk lau, there have been reports from singapore, tracking numbers and i'm pretty sure deliveries as well but i can't be bothered going back through over a week of comments.
@ panggil haney aje, @ john smith, @ jody there has not been any reported receipt of email tracking numbers from singapore, not even single jacket orders. so, we should still need a couple of weeks to months. i do not think we will be seeing anything until the mid of march, at least. go for your trip and back, and your jacket might not even be here yet.
i live in hong kong and i have received my bomber jacket today.  the quality is great.  it's just that i realized i have ordered a size too small and would like to request for an exchange.  i have emailed them on this.  if anyone here has any successful experience on exchanging orders, i'd be keen to know.
@rolts much better that way than trying to overload carry-on luggage. i'm a pilot and it makes me cringe when i see people with way overloaded carry-on baggage putting it in the overhead compartments, especially when you realise they have like a 35kg maximum capacity on some! go have a look for the pictures of the air asiana 214 crash in sf and see what happened to the luggage bins on that one...last thing i want is some idiots 15kg carry-on crashing down on my head and turning a survivable crash into something else! next time you chuck a bag in there have a looky, you'll probably see the sticker in there somewhere telling you the max capacity.
@bruce, don't forget there are 2 distribution centers so that would be 2,000 a day (assuming they can match anywhere near the numbers that they reckon the hk centres could do, which they should be able to, 1000 a day each is still being conservative considering the 1,500 they reckoned at maximum) and the us has just under 25,000 not 26,000 backers. that would mean more like 12 days as of 3 days ago, so 2 weeks i'd say which gives them some time in change.
@ andrew roldan -the comment from alex jarman right before your post was the more accurate of the two responses he gave. but his point in the second response is just as appropriate. who knows when we will get them. you won't know when your jacket is being shipped until you get an e-mail, hopefully with a tracking number. you won't get an e-mail until your jacket has been shipped. that should tell you everything you need to know. :) baubax said in the last update that 1,100 jackets had been shipped from the u.s. distribution centers, but they were waiting on the rest until backers had a last-minute chance to update their addresses. it is possible that they might start shipping in the next day or do. but since they still have about 26,000 to ship, yours could come in a few days or in about a month. @ everyone else in north america - yes, we all want our jackets. but what i said to andrew applies to the rest of us. we can ask all we want, but none of us will know when our jackets are coming until we get a notification - or until the jackets arrive - whichever comes first. if they can get up to shipping a 1,000 a day, that's still 3.5 weeks. so, it could easily be late march at best before all jackets are distributed. and don't forget to add on the 3-7 days from the time they leave the warehouse until the jacket is actually delivered. if we are lucky, the easter bunny will bring us our jackets instead of santa claus.
*there
@ nick wallace: when flying back from usa a couple of years back, my wife's cousin carried a massive pile of medical books, his kindle, laptop etc, as well as the gear we needed for day hiking. he purchased a heap of camping gear whilst their, displacing some of his gear from his case. boarding he wore a pullover with pockets stuffed with gear, a jacket over that with the pockets likewise full and still had to juggle a 7kg carry-on, laptop, and a large textbook. it was fun to watch. even with this jacket, he would have struggled.
@rolts that is a good point!! i'm just keen to get mine before my next work trip, the 7kg carry-on limit is making things a bit more difficult these days with the work gear i carry. don't want to trust it to the bag chuckers.
@ nick wallace: with melbourne weather, you could have a chance of wearing the jacket every day at some stage. :-) {adelaide doesn't easily forget the theft of the grand prix.)
@leigh in sydney here, haven't received any tracking
any news for south korea??
baubax states that they will ship out non-us orders by end of january. it's almost a month now and still nothing. hoping to get it by next week just in time for my vacation. - from singapore
super early bird from hk. no news. :(
@richard alber, i'd be unhappy too if i lived in melbourne ;)
melbourne here! :(
@andreas i'm in melbourne,  so still waiting
if you're from the u.s., simply read the update for baubax's timings, then add on a bit, add on a bit more (ooh ah, a little bit more), add the first number you think of (assuming it's a big number, if not add a few zeroes for safety) and subtract any chance of wearing for that holiday you were hoping to wear the jacket for.
when do we get a shipping notification? how about tracking information?
@joy, they haven't sent any jackets to us cusomers yet.
in usa, but still have not received the jacket. how can i get tracking #?
@leigh congrats, still waiting for mine in sydney
@nick. ahhhh i misunderstood. my bad! @mel taser mel, meow.
@ jody so far for singaporeans didn't heard of anyone receiving anything yet am also waiting as well at least for a tracking email.
australian - arrived yesterday for processing,  im guessing in sydney. so aussies should start getting theirs from today
@jml i'll keep an eye on that when i get mine, still waiting on shipping info though. might end up super gluing it on. i have a pen as part of my edc (every day carry) currently so might just make all of that one piece. curious what might be done with the gloves. i guess i'm a little surprised that wasn't better thought out. hopefully it's not to annoying.
anyone from singapore has any news yet? gonna be leaving in 9-days, looks like it's not gonna be travelling with me.
well it's nice i guess to know they're responding fast on twitter when their @ name is mentioned? haha
tracking id received! jacket got through customs. now playing the waiting game..
@jml: maybe a safety pin, or possibly sew a button onto the gloves? that might help keep them in the sleeve...but might make it a bit annoying when trying to get them on once you're already out the door. i would actually need to see it myself to see if there is something else that might work.
@bruce the gloves on the bomber can't be removed so whenever you put on the jacket, your hands go through them and you have to roll them back in if you don't need the gloves and they kind of wrap around your wrists. so far a minor inconvenience but i'll see how they feel in the long term. also found the stylus nub on my floor, must've been loose and fell out when i opened the package. screwed it back on, hope it doesn't pop back out in the long term.
no news from the tracking number since 22th... ( depot in hong kong )
hi where can i get my tracking info?
@bruce: pretty sure it was the blazer they can be removed from(it was such a long way back i'm not going to go searching for it)
@ jml - i vaguely recall someone saying they could remove the gloves from the bomber, or was that the blazer? i'm sure others who now have the jackets can correct me on this. i assume putting your hands through the jacket sleeves without getting your hands into the gloves could be a trick.
i received my bomber jacket 2 days ago. i am in hong kong. the quality is great, but the integrated gloves are a bit annoying when not in use. anybody have a tip? also, is anyone's stylus missing the plastic nub part?
am living in hk, backed 5 jackets intended for my family's xmas gifts last year...just wish that the jackets will be shipped soon enough for this coming xmas.
anyone from india received their jackets?
i'm in europe and still haven't gotten my tracking info
apparently singapore's dot got lost in baubax map. :/
i am from hong kong but i am still waiting for the bomber and the tracking information. sad
so jealous of non-us backers!!! just kidding, i will get it when i get it.
can some australian friends give me some of their updates? i'm in brisbane.
@arto arvola. yes, 3 days ago saying it was shipped from hk. arrived last night in manchester and today at the requested address. i had a very quick look and it seems like the quality is very good. will have a closer look when i get back home
@iosif  did you receive a tracking number? when was it shipped from hong kong?
i received mine today. haven't opened it yet. btw i live in the uk
hi all, it is great news that the jackets are now shipping. has anyone from the uk got a shipping email yet? cheers, jon
@huynh i googled it and 3-4 days to switzerland is quite possible scenario and from there to your country few days. but as always there are mentions that it could take a lot longer.
hurray, from netherlands. i had received tracking number yesterday. can't wait to see it in my house. is there anybody how long does it take for shipping from hk to europe?
@vishwas  i got it from support@baubax.com
seeing the pictures of the blazer and the bomber, i'm excited. i know that things have taken a long time, they exceeded their goal by quite a bit, and there were a lot of unexpected delays. working in supply chain, i understand that there are so many pieces to the entire puzzle to get a shipment out and to a consumer. i'm a us backer, and i specifically ordered a black blazer and a blue bomber, so they look like they'll be exactly what i've been patiently waiting for.
is there any way to ask for a tracking number?  any backers out of switzerland with an update? @arto - from what email id did you get the tracking number?
from finland. got my tracking number on monday and it´s has been mailed from hk. single sweatshirt, backer #2938
from singapore and still have not received mine. and mine is a single order. hmm....looks like this jacket will only be used on my next trip.
anyone from europe got their jacket?
is there anyone in who got from south korea? 대한민국에서 받으신분 있어요?
@gin that list was of all the countries that have so far had someone comment that they either received their jacket or their tracking information, i'm quite aware of the community tab ;)
hello gin!
@nick wallace, seems like ks has already helped compile all backers' locations: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/597538543/the-worlds-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-bau/community
teddy, review and pics please! :d
mine arrived yesterday! i think it just takes time for them to process. i live in hong kong so after 2 hours from the email saying its in delivery it arrived. but the email shows that it took them a few days for it to arrive in different check points prior to the delivery. i think it would be better if people get email updates earlier. but hey i am loving the jacket! even my friends think it's cool!
au backers. it appears that most shipments are via post so when they land in au auspost will be delivering. just be aware that it could take some to to receive it after landing in au so don't get too excited. i currently have a parcel that arrived sydney 4 days after it left the supplier in the us via usps. auspost still show it at sort facility in sydney 10 days later.
@bao thanh to, yes some of us have tracking numbers from floship.com.  i'm sure you'll get yours soon.  i only received my tracking number yesterday
so, does anyone from australia have anything at all?
anyone from singapore anything at all?
backers are quite understandably losing their rag on indiegogo. they were told over a month ago they'd get a tracking number within 2-4 weeks. of course no one has one and baubax are refusing to update and are doing their famous cherrypick-the-response routine on social media. sneaking around on facebook today with a comment when it suits them or liking a photo when it suits them but won't respond to any request for information that is meaningful. so cowardly, so baubax.
@jamie hazlett, assuming you are in the us, your chance of getting your jacket in the next week is about zero
@ jamie hazlett; i understand your frustration, particularly after that response from the director of marketing. being new to kickstarter and given the social media campaign to launch this project, i can fully understand the blurring of the 'lines' between pledging on kickstarter and a retail experience.  unfortunately, as experience has shown they are 'poles apart'. kickstarter is a great site, there are brilliant ideas and concepts that creators wish to bring to an end product stage, but most are start ups and in many cases complete novices when it comes to manufacturing and delivery. this has been spelt out in the kickstarter faqs/t&c, but in the excitement of jumping in to back a new/innovative product, these are easily overlooked. this creates a great deal of angst for backers because they do not foresee problems with project completion. many of the creators are often blindsided as well. a few rules that i've set myself for backing campaigns: 1. does this project present as worthy of backing?  is it filling a niche/unmet need? 2. does the creator have some expertise in this field?  3. can i afford to lose the pledge if the project is successful but collapses after funding? 4. never expect the rewards to arrive at the campaign estimated date. (hence to back for a gift or for a need at a specific time.) manufacturing can have issues, deliveries get delayed, stuff happens.     5. monitor the projects. you can always withdraw a pledge before the end of a campaign if anything changes; your finances, the campaign itself, your knowledge of the creator or the project. there are probably other points that others could add, but these have served me well so far.
hi @jamie, in which country are you based?
hi guys, i have a problem that why i haven't receive my tracking number yet while i order a single jacket and live in australia?
no shipping number despite having been told by baubax that i was backer #1371 on ks and that "you will also be one of the first in the group of backers to receive their jackets" (that's a direct quote from the email i received from the director of marketing on 13 january).  i'm leaving on the trip for which i purchased my jackets (both bombers) in 8 days.  i emailed the director of marketing again at the beginning of february in the hopes of getting a shipping update directly from her and never got any response.  it looks like the jackets will *maybe* be waiting for me when i get back... this was my first kickstarter contribution, and it will also be my last barring major changes.  it seems like kickstarter project rewards are frequently behind schedule, judging from the other comments i've read through this whole process.  maybe ks should consider either not allowing reward delivery dates to be advertised in the initial marketing or should have something set up for people to get their money back if the reward receipt is more than a certain number of days late.  at this point that is the only way i'd consider contributing to a ks campaign again.
heh @m.a.. i never should have gone on that course of anabolic steroids.
@alex i echo those thoughts, just not as zealously as you do :)
i agree about bridling my comments about fellow backers. it's really all about baubax. although the last update was the first one not to hit a nerve (fair play, well done baubax), when i reflect on this campaign, what will stick with me are the childish excuses, the deflecting-of-blame, the censorship of their own customers, the rudeness, the repeated arrogance, the defensiveness, the spin and above all the fantastic comms relating to making more money on the one hand and appalling comms relating to serving their own customers once the cash was safely in the bank. that they were late was for me understandable and forgivable.
@bruce gilliland when browsing the comments you can use ctrl-f to find strings or names, but you may need to click the 'show older comments' button first.
i feel like some people being a bit harsh on baubax, they're incredibly late and don't communicate as much as they should, but i feel the extent of the hate is unwarranted. then again by first backed project was the kreyos "smartwatch", so i have seen it get a lot worse. before spewing the hate, remember no words are better than flat out lies.
@all us-backers: even if you get your shipping notification later you will get your jackets much sooner than other international backers....just saying, correct me if i'm wrong...
@michael chorney apparently they don't respond to emails, either. as i have yet to receive a response from them. :/
@ david - and i am still waiting for my coolest cooler i ordered as backer more than a year ago. the last update said they will have a tool available feb. 26 so those of us still waiting can find out how much longer we will have to wait. of course, the reason they are available from retail (amazon) is they made an agreement to supply them before they started having manufacturing delays. they were stuck with that commitment even though it meant that backers like me might be delayed even more in getting ours. at least i won't pay full retail price. and who knows, maybe i will get it before this summer.
bruce you have probably noticed that, in spite of what are arguably worse problems, the coolest cooler seems to be doing ok with retail sales.  future customers will simply not care about the logistical and communications problems of the past few months.  i am sure that many here have their 1 star reviews lined up, but those that are genuinely interested are going to look past them and want to know if the product is actually any good or not.
@those who asked for jacket reviews here are some pics form the backers who already got their jackets, and kindly share their lovely one. notice: i searched these links from my browser cookies, pics right belong to original backers. blacker blazer  (male) https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/12081875/img_0450.jpg navy blazer  (male) https://www.dropbox.com/s/9zzkpqhf28i6mie/img_1962.jpg… https://www.dropbox.com/s/9zzkpqhf28i6mie/img_1963.jpg… black blazer (female) http://tinypic.com/view.php… http://tinypic.com/view.php… blue bomber (male) https://www.dropbox.com/sh/bu9gh5qz40f1bbq/aacydoqmhjyu22numo0dm5-1a… thanks again for the backers who kindly share the pics.
@bruce i concur. strike one (and maybe two) done. only time can tell if there will be a strike three. but the damage done earlier seems to be severe enough for them to warrant paying more attention to redeeming themselves.
@ m. a. - alex has not been the only critic of baubax. a lot of us pointed out problems. but, for me, the issues right now are simple - 1. how long will it take to complete the deliveries? (capabilities of the distribution centers and carriers) 2. what will the overall quality and usefulness be? (manufacturing quality) 3. did people order the right size? (both backers and manufacturers) all the other issues and arguments are moot - for now. we will get our jackets. if we miss this season, hopefully we will have more trips and seasons. (i have jackets that are probably older than some of the people posting here. :) ) the future of baubax is for another time and a new group of potential buyers to decide, although current backers can and will make their views known.
@bruce agreed. alex has his points with regards to manufacturing quality is not due to baubax but the people who work tirelessly day and night to get things done. the future for baubax looks very bleak, but i am sure they will try to cover it up or do extensive marketing to cover the faults and try to claim credit which in fact belong to those who sweated it out for them. but that being said, alex does need to bridle his comments abit.
@ ingo - several people have posted comments about their jackets - thomas ma yesterday is the latest i saw - and a few links to pictures, but those are a couple of days ago now, so you would have to go back through hundreds of messages to find them. i wish i had had the foresight to save the links. keep reading. maybe others will post their comments. most have been favorable especially about the workmanship. a couple of issues about sizes - not ordering a larger size. a couple of comments about the eye cover in the hood not staying up when not in use. the pillow may take some practice to store and use. a couple of people said to be sure and check all the pockets for the pen refills. those who have put an ipad into its pocket in a blazer say it causes the jacket to sag - not surprising. but the general comments of the few we have heard from have been mainly positive so far.
looking at the comments, it appears that some parts of asia will not receive the tracking code any time soon. probably because we will receive it faster? lol
i just received my tracking number! (blazer; hk -> germany; via swiss post) are there any pictures, reviews, etc. yet?
pledged for a blue bomber, from singapore, no email yet.
@jennifer, should have clarified that, meant 2 jacket pack pledges, rolts had the same i believe, his order and pre-order arriving seperately.
@kyp teh woah nice haha didnt know singapore had so many supporters hahaha including me i thought there were only very few
@nick wallace, i actually ordered two jackets, one via the main ks campaign and another as a ks post campaign add on.  however, i've only received a shipping notice for only the main one.  i am hoping the other (another bomber) will be sent separately with another shipping notice.
@alan miller, @rolts - i haven't checked out aftership.com but i managed to track mine on hong kong post's mail tracker - still sitting at a hk post office! lol!
ok, before this gets too far out of hand for those who are wondering or haven't figured it out. simple orders were sent first, which means for those of us who are non-us backers if you ordered a single jacket yours will be arriving first. if you ordered more than 1 jacket then yours will be later, it's not just a geographic or backer number thing. the more complex your order the further down the list you are, eg. if you ordered a pack of 10, chances are you'll be one of the last! so far we've had people from: hong kong singapore brazil germany uk israel france australia turkey netherlands that have reported not only receiving tracking numbers but also their jackets, but so far only those with single jackets, don't think anyone has reported receiving a tracking number for more than 1 jacket yet, but i'd suspect those will be coming sometime this week. hopefully that gives some of you a bit more info. ps. no i don't work for baubax, this info comes from their updates and the comments that are left here just to clarify.
tracking numbers, use them with aftership.com this was the site given in update 16. good luck.
@alan miller, it's not asking you for money - read the invoice again and you'll see its billed to hiral sanghavi but shipped to you.  there is a tracking number but i have no idea what website to use that tracking number.  mine is to sydney, oz too and the invoice is from floship.  best to just sit and wait.
from sydney australia. no tracking number, no jacket! received an invoice asking for money before my jacket will be shipped from the nominated shipping company. are you guys for real !!!
no doctors here i presume given the lack of patience.
@john smith yeah lol, in the community page: singapore 2,372 backers
australia : still no tracking and no jacket :(
from australia: haven't received a single thing :(
@tan: au début oui. d'après le suivi, swisspost passe ensuite à colissimo pour la livraison. on verra bien. pour l'instant c'est à roissy et mon colis n'a pas encore passé la douane.
@elise : ton transporteur est swiss post?
nothing received from negative city, criticalland
nothing as in tracking number from malaysia...
haven't received mine in usa, but i did sleep in a holiday inn the other night! #chachacha
am also from singapore nothing yet :( wow quite a few people from singapore lol!
from australia, not received yet... congo liiiiine!!! cha cha cha cha cha chaaa!!! come on everybody and join the congoooooo liiiiine!!
from taiwan. nothing received yet.
from china, not yet received......
from  hong kong ,not yet received
from singapore here too, nothing yet also
i have also received a tracking number. they arrive quite late, according to the tracking, my blazer is already in france... i have however received no invoice. hopefully i won't have to pay an extra customs charge.
tracking number received. i'm from the netherlands.
from singapore too, nothing yet :(
how do u turn the stylus into a pen
just received my tracking number.  i live in turkey.
be patient! tracking number received two hours ago. i'm from spain.
from vietnam, still waiting tracking number :(
tracking number received few minutes ago!!!! from france
still wait for the product. no tracking number or anything at this time.
i'm from singapore and am still waiting for my 2 bombers in different sizes.
* fixed "doing business means providing service."
sorry,  i forgot to sign. ~victor rey
i could have told any one of you that a work load of this size with so many options would be a nightmare to fulfill.  why everyone went so crazy over this....i have no idea.  baubax, you guys need to stop lashing out at those who are angry.  instead, you need to apologize for your lack of experience, ignorance in how to deal with manufacturers and admit your expectations of your fulfillment date was completely unrealistic!  you have never run a real business.  what you learned in school could never prepare you for your lottery-like winfall and now you can tell people everywhere how much more difficult it is than it looks.   tell everyone you promise to do the best you can, you have a lot to learn and continue to thank them.  doing business in american means providing american-service and you put up a front that you could.  face facts and you will improve.  this was too big for you and now you know.  (this is not a lecture, but cold hard facts that can help you)
nope, i'm from singapore and have not received my jacket.
anyone from singapore received their jacket?
@aegis - some backers in hk already got their jackets, even without a shipping confirmation before. how many jackets did you pledge for? they send out single orders first.
＠aegis jacky did you pledge for multiple pieces? if so, you may wait patiently for single piece package to go out first. seems lots of hk people got their own piece.
i'm a backer from hong kong and would like to know when will hong kong backers get our jackets? since the warehouse are in hong kong.
anyone with order delivered or tracking code in india?
chris, go to the campaign page, and look under the "exchanges policy" section. seek and ye shall find...or don't bother and just ask someone, whatever.
i got my bomber with size xs but found it was too small for me and  the swap shop page is not available now so i'd like to know the details of exchange with baubax.
@alex j.  in regards to your question, "did you always used to give your teacher an apple in the morning when you arrived at school?"   i am the teacher!  (grades k-6.)  ;>)   as for "the level of obsequiousness", my intent was not to be obsequious, but rather to give a bit of polite praise for people who have been cut down by so many of their backers.  teachers are taught to seek out something positive to praise in order to encourage improvement.  i believe that constant criticism only makes things more difficult for those who are in a difficult situation. many people are angry at the constant delays.  you are correct that the company is getting a bad name because of that.  i hoped that my comments would help others understand some of the difficulties that they are facing.  the company probably should have limited the number of orders that they accepted.  i suspect that they have figured that out by now.  i do understand where you are coming from.  i don't mind your comments at all, and hope that others will feel the same and drop this thread.  it was clear that you disagreed with me, but that is fine!  peaceful disagreements can help all of us think more broadly.   i admit that i do tend to find something good in most difficult situations.  (call me a "pollyanna".)  that attitude helps ameliorate my impatience with the delays that we did not anticipate.  it doesn't mean that i cannot find fault with inefficiency.  it only means that i can see two sides of the issue.
still waiting for my sweatshirt. i'm in australia. can anyone help or share your experience?
been coming back to my old house hoping the jumper would be here... :-/ *sob*
@ thomas ma - thanks for the additional feedback. i see what you mean. i guess everything is not as clear as i thought.
oops sorry should have been thanks  to rolts
@bruce, thanks, gee $4.01 is not much for shipping.  i also bought blazer on kickstarter then added a bomber later so would agree they are shipping initial orders first with add on later.  very exciting
@bruce gilliland - the only confusing part was the pillow.  it comes detached and stored in the hood.  initially wasn't sure how to attach it to the jacket properly but i think i figured it out.
@ people wanting an instruction manual for the jacket - would the photo/diagram at the top of the web page (and those on the campaign page ) not show you what each pocket is intended for? of course, most of us will find different uses for the pockets for different occasions.
@steven:please go back an re-read the invoice. it bills baubax not you. the reason you receive a copy is that it has your tracking number on it that can be used with https://www.aftership.com/ to track your rewards. shipping and handling was paid by you when your pledge was collected.
@ thomas ma - thanks for the feedback. i agree that the blanket is not something we will carry around all the time. people who fly a lot (not me) may find it useful. but i did order the blankets just in case.
@ sojourner, @ alex - while i don't agree with alex's approach/style, he does bring up one good point. if thomas ma's comments (see below) about the quality of the jacket holds up for others, then i think we can say that the manufacturers will be the ones who save this project - to the extent that it can be saved. i may not be as abrasive as alex and certainly not as critical of baubax, but i am skeptical about the long-term future long term success of baubax. there has been too much good will lost. even if the product proves to be quality and useful, the negative perception created by many more people than alex will be hard to overcome. baubax failed to do too many things a better way.
@steven. no, you don't have to pay this. baubax pays it.
@bruce gilliland - while the blanket itself is terrific, it is quite bulky even when folded up and will likely remain in my bag when not in use.  this is expected as i purposely bought my bomber to fit snuggly.  others with looser fits on their jackets may not have this issue.
can someone help i  received a shipping invoice from floship for $4.01, to ship my blazer, do i have to pay this??.  says shipping cost $4.01
@ thomas ma - great! congratulations. what is the blanket like?
@ daniel (and everyone else wanting to know where their jacket is) - assuming you are new here. if so - shipments to the u.s., canada and mexico have just started. about 1,100 packages (probably single jackets) have been shipped, according to the latest update. did you read it?. the rest probably will not start going out until later this week.you should get an e-mail when your order is shipped. note that more than 26,000 orders will come from the u.s. centers. it will take a while. the rest of the world is being shipped out of hong kong where they say they say about 40% of the orders have been shipped (not delivered) i suspect shipments to other parts of the world could take a week or more to complete (air + ground). so, you will learn your status when you get an e-mail telling you the carrier and tracking number. be sure to check your e-mail app's junk, spam or trash folders just in case.
just received my bomber jacket with the water bottle and blanket yesterday (i'm in hong kong).  the quality on this thing is top notch!  i kind of feel like i need an instruction manual to use this thing...  i like that i can detach the hood, pillow & zipper pen for day to day use (when not traveling).
do you have a list of shipped jacket? so we know our jacket status (i.e. have been shipped/not)
thank you rolts, i just wanted to see if anyone had received a tangible item yet.
@ thomas j joyce iii: many have received notifications and tracking numbers, although these have been for international backers with their jackets being shipped out of hong kong. from the comments, jackets have been delivered to backers in honk kong and brazil from memory.
has anyone received their jacket(s) yet?
ok, i apologise.
@alex: still no excuse for your behavior.
it was the level of obsequiousness. *so* much praise for a firm run on capitalist principles that has delivered so little. we all work hard and anyone would think baubax were saving the human race, rather than engaging factories in china to make and dispatch jackets.
@alex. why do you insult people when they express their opinion? you are perfectly entitled to your own conflicting opinion, but there's no need to belittle someone for expressing theirs.
@sojourner, you do know there are plenty of people doing selfless charitable work but baubax are not in that group and are simply taking more orders and receivng the benefit of more money (to hire staff and generate a surplus to blow as they please)? nor are they making the jackets and it is probably those people who were the most overworked and underpaid. did you always used to give your teacher an apple in the morning when you arrived at school?
@ dominik rzepa: this is your copy not a bill for you. if you read it carefully it is the postage charge for baubax - it says 'bill to baubax'.  your payment included shipping and handling. the purpose of this invoice is to show your order has been processed, so your order will be sent soon. look carefully, you will find your tracking number. use it at https://www.aftership.com/ to track your package.
hello everyone! i just have received an e-mail from floship.com - they sent me an invoice for $3.43 - and if i won't pay i wont receive my jacket. i paid almost us$200 for my jacket and shipping and blanket.... can creator elaborate on that please...
@bruce : everyone went to the metric system. except three countries : myanmar, liberia and.... usa :d
i want to thank the baubax staff for their continuing efforts to get our jackets/windbreakers/sweatshirts/blazers shipped out.  i cannot imagine how overwhelmed they must feel at the success of their campaign.  they planned on starting small ... and then all of us joined in and ordered a massive number of items.  baubax staff, keep up the great work.  i am looking forward to receiving my jacket (i hope that i ordered the right size.), but realize that i may have to wait a while for it to arrive.  i will wait patiently (ok, i will admit that i do have moments of impatience), assured that you are all working long hours.  i hope that others will look at the overall success of your venture and realize that with the joy of your campaign's success came the headaches of production and delivery of far more items than you ever had planned on or could have expected.  thanks, again.
i'm from canberra and this week everyday is above 35 celsius. however i wouldn't mind my jacket in these temperatures as the buildings aircon cant handle the heat and is on full all the time. this means people have heaters and blankets at their desks.  =)
@ bruce; hope you keep safe! australia has used celsius since the late 1970s. all through high school, maths and science was always in metric. we changed currency to the decimal system in 1966. in the uk they still use fahrenheit. a friend of ours who's from scotland made up this rhyme to explain to his parents who still live in scotland. 30's warm 20's nice 10 is cool 0 is ice. temperatures of 40c degrees is 104f @ owen; no snowman - this would make calvin sad. here is a favourite with an australian touch: http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/candh/images/f/fa/snowman-_snow_sharks.png/revision/latest…
@ rolts, @ owen - we're getting ready to dodge thunderstorms and possible tornadoes tonight. i could use my windbreaker. well, not really, because i am not going outside! :) your use of celsius really confuses me. when did the british commonwealth convert to celsius?
there is so little snow here, you can't even build a snowman. and the lack of snow means there is little to no slipping on the sidewalk/roads.
* those 5 days were consecutive.
@ owen; we had a hot spring, 5 days of 40 degrees c or above. that hit like a hammer, being so early. summer has been the usual 30 degree + regularly, nights back into the 20s.
@rolts: this year, we don't have a winter. it's cool(this morning was down to -5c), and that's about how cold it has been for the last while(since christmas pretty much). our normal temperatures around this time, -15c to -30c(with wind). it's just been an unusually warm winter.
@ bruce; reading the comments over breakfast. another 30 degree c day today, still haven't got down to the beach this week. it gets cold enough here in winter to wear a jacket like the bomber. it regularly gets down to single figures c during winter, occasional frosts and on rare occasions a light dusting of snow on our highest peak in the nearby hills. (that's rare enough to be newsworthy). i mainly backed the bomber for our trips to scotland, last time we were there, it was autumn and snow was down to about 600 feet. i had to contend with seriously iced windscreens and even locks, all new to me. (sniggers heard from owen "g.m.". :-) "that's not cold. now this is cold!" apologies to crocodile dundee.) @ melissa; looks like you'll get your jacket while leo is small enough to easily fit in the hood.
so many cute cat stories. and some nail-biters too.
@bruce- we lead very similar cat lives.  i have backyard kitties, and neighborhood cats. gm has heard many stories
@ravean team thank you so much for being patient in clarifying. my apologies for any misunderstanding.
@ jennifer - although the vast majority of backers will never see these comments, or pay attention to them, your comments prompt me to say again: check the spam, junk or trash folders in your e-mail app from time to time. mailings like this could end up there.
i for got to mention, my shipment is to sydney australia
@ melissa - we have an indoor cat, two outdoor (feral) cats that consider our yard their home (since i feed them), and several neighborhood cats that spend more time here than they do at their real homes across the street.
just received a shipping invoice from a mob called floship. thinking it was spam or worse, embedded malware i googled floship to find it was a shipping company for goods out of china/hk. that got my curiosity and yes it's to tell me my red bomber is on its way. no news of the additional blue bomber that i ordered via their extra jacket offer.  they must be shipping each jacket separately then, getting the original ks campaign ones out first and then the additional post campaign ks orders.  i hope so anyway .....
@ravean:  if you want to speak to baubax -- i suggest sending an e-mail to "support@baubax.com".  unlike how you ran your campaign, baubax neither reads the comments nor responds in the comment section of their campaign/updates.
no tracking here yet. live in nl, ordered single bomber.
@marcia - they just started shipping them out. usa shipments are supposed to start this week.  give them a couple weeks.
@m.a. nice to meet you =) we actually are completely willing to do returns and have done hundreds of returns already. when they return the item, as long as it it true and not a scam, we refund them 100% for all the shipping. the reason that a backer setup the swap shop is because extra inventory arrives in april, so they wanted to see if their were backers willing to trade before, for sure unhappy about the situation. the standard ecommerce returns for established, professional online apparel companies is 30% +.  we are under 5%. and we are doing our best to take care of the 5%. anyways, baubax will soon understood the headache of managing returns on kickstarter. there is no management tool to help startups out with this, it is manual management. so if backers from the same domestic countries can spend $3-4 bucks to swap with each other, baubax would probably appreciate it. it is impossible to avoid defects in production, that is coming from decades of manufacturing experience. it is like baubax backers have forgotten that they are still dealing with a startup that got hit with the workload and capacity of a $100 million+ company. they are doing a great job and it is actually impressive they have started to deliver so many already. @baubax, doing a great job! you can either spend 24/7 answering inquiries or you can spend 24/7 getting this crap done! hang in there! i also like the message at the top of this forum from kickstarter, it says: "use this space to cheer the creator along, ask questions, and talk to your fellow backers. please remember to be respectful and considerate. thanks!"
if anyones received a sweater shirt or windbreaker can you please post pics.just wondering how they turned out. i only saw the bomber pics posted so far.
just wondering when i will get my jackets. it's been forever. how do i even contact them?
oh boy the people's comments on their indiegogo are just wow. surprised not many of the indiegogo backers just don't pop in here to read comments since you don't need to of backed item to read them, if they had they'd at least know they're slowly shipping kickstarter backers jackets.
5-packs from hong kong, no shipment notice yet...i think no shipment until very last batch for multiple jackets orders.
@creeper: i noticed, in both places. cats really do have liquid bones.
@mike-i thought the same thing about mask.  i don't usually wear the hood up, but if it's an issue, that's probably what i'd do.   @bruce - thank you! at least someone noticed my cute cat. :)
@all : could you post pictures of your jacket, blanket, gloves, water bottle ??
@mike kopack: having worked in a few warehouses, it really depends on the people that they have working on any given day. there are always those lazy ones that barely do anything, then there are those that make up for those lazy people. it really does depend.
if there's two distribution centres with the same capacity as the hong kong warehouse it means you could be looking at 3000 shipments per day when they get up to 100% speed, but its going to take several days to get there.
yeah it'll be interesting to see how fast things go for north america.  considering that 30k of the 45k backers were from usa or canada, but there are 2 distribution centers it could be that they go pretty quickly or it could take many weeks.
@maike: so it sounds like the blanket isn't slowing down the shipment of single jackets...or it could be that all the single bombers are already gone out, then they started on blanket + bomber...who knows how their warehouse picking system is set up though.
i should get a blanket as well - like i posted before: germany, 1 bomber, got the notification today
late to the party this morning. looks like the other side of the world was busy last "night." things are clearly picking up - at least outside the u.s. based on  update 17, i don't think we will see a lot of activity here until late this week. i ordered two jackets - a windbreaker and a bomber on one account, and i ordered another bomber on another account. it will be interesting to see which one comes first and how quickly. @ melissa - great picture of the kitten. i can tell she wanted you to turn off the lights. @ rolts - you're in southern australia. do you have much cool weather there? if so, you can use your jacket sooner than us in the northern hemisphere.
@david- ah yeah hadn't thought of that but you could be right - that might qualify as a 2 sku order...  i'm also curious if they are going to batch together my order since i did 1 through the campaign and then a second during the preorder back in the fall. hoping they ship them as individual but can live with it either way.
@david: valid point, which makes me wonder if mine(blazer with blanket, delivery to canada) will be shipped later than any blazers with no blanket...only time will tell i guess.
i'm wondering if the blankets turned out to be not very popular which is why we haven't seen much about them yet.   i could see single jacket orders with blankets being more complex and so they would come after single jacket orders with no blankets.
suvasin- relax, it just means yours hasn't gone out yet. give them time. they have a lot of orders to process.
not recieve any tracking !!
and yeah surprised nobody has said anything about the blanket yet... is it easy to refill and fit back into its pouch or is it a "no way in hell you will get it back in there"?
hopefully we will start seeing some usa backers posting about shipment notifications this week.  seems like the ones going out of hk are moving right along now.
idea for those complaining about the eye mask and pillow flopping around - consider using some adhesive backed velcro to hold them in place in the hood- that way they are still accessible when you want them but will stay put when you don't. just an idea...
am from germany and got a shipping confirmation for my one bomber jacket today.
i ordered 1 blazer and haven't received any tracking, i live in the uk :) hopefully i'll receive mine too
i'm in western australia, ordered one bomber, haven't received any tracking! hopefully soon :)
i feel that the swap page is good if the size ordered does not fit. at least can save some shipping cost if someone from the same country happen to be keen in swapping sizes.
@pamela feader please read my comment carefully before drawing conclusions. i in no way mentioned it was baubax's fault for the "issues" with ravean's [swap page]. i am writing here in response to their post, directed at ravean. why? because i am also in that [swap page].
@m.a. re-read @ravean team's post and the about on the link posted. the page was not started by baubax.
shipping notice - germany, 1 bomber *booya*
@jimmy leung i think u should call the courier to confirm. i called this afternoon to just ask for updates, and they delivered it in two hours. btw, im also in hk
same here, in perth and no tracking yet
@ravean team apparently, that idea of having a [swap page] is not getting alot of positivity or love from your supporters. firstly, why should the supporters pay for shipping and be left to fend for themselves when you guys made the main mistake of sending them the wrong size? second, one of the more skeptical reasons i see this move as is due to the fact that you wanna cut cost and do not wanna be bugged down by such issues. what can this be seen as? you just wanna get the money and once you sent it to supporters, they are on their own. backers/supporters get the brunt, while you guys are safe from something you should be very well taking charge of. maybe you should check out the [swap page] you guys made and drop in a few questions about what supporters think about the system. maybe they will help change your mind and see that such an idea is not as "genius" as it should be.
melbourne - haven't receive yet + no tracking yet
@aaron chien. yes, i'm from hk and they did sent me an email few days before the delivery.  here is what the email  https://www.dropbox.com/s/z02cin1k52tej5n/%e6%aa%94%e6%a1%88%2023-2-2016%2018%2008%2016.png…
i left this comment under update 17 as well. weeeee :-) we’re happy to let you know that your order no xxxxxxx has been dispatched from our hong kong warehouse.  .......  detail status: the item ( number removed ) was posted on 23-feb-2016 and is being processed for delivery to the addressee. i live in sweden.
update for those australian backers - from perth & ordered 2 different types in one transaction - still waiting on shipping info.
damn, you'll probably get yours before me, i ordered 2 bombers :p
i only ordered one
just like @phang andri winata i would like to know if there was any news about the european shipments ? if they have started or not
@rolts @mike. no emails for me yet. and mine's a medium blue bomber, with blanket.
@taylor me too, how many did you order?
so jealous, haven't received anything :( i'm from brissy
received my men's blazer in hong kong. nicely made and all features present and accounted for. the only slight disappointment is the lack of securement / integration of the neck pillow. while the inflatable pillow itself works well (love the ease of inflation and deflation), it just flops inside the detachable hood. while the pillow isn't terribly heavy, when it's just flopped inside the hood, it pulls on the jacket a bit from the back of the neck. surely, the jacket could have incorporated some snap buttons that would make use of the snaps on the ends of the pillow that are used to fasten the pillow securely around your neck.
@jimmy leung  sound like you are from hk? you only order one jacket? did they send you email first?
from hk still no news :/ hopefully will get it soon..cant wait to try the jackets!
baubax swap shop- http://goo.gl/cwzcep so i actually backed this project before i launched our campaign. a backer did something super helpful for us that helped with sizing issues, they set up a swap shop on facebook for us. so instead of dealing with exchanges and returns, backers could swap amongst themselves. super awesome!  so i set up a facebook group for baubax to swap out jackets if sizes don't fit. here is the link to the facebook group, i will keep posting the link every once in awhile to keep everyone informed as more and more people get their jackets. i am excited to get mine! baubax swap shop link: http://goo.gl/cwzcep @baubax (creator) feel free to kick me out of the facebook group if it makes you uncomfortable, i can hand over admin to you immediately so you can facilitate the swap shop.
@phang andri winata; if you check the update, you will see that all of the european deliveries are being shipped out of the hong kong warehouse. emails and tracking numbers are being provided. they were at 40% processed at the time of the update. the shipping company is moving about 500 orders per day and expect to get up to 1500 per day. there was the following posting on update 16. "we have shipped out 7,245 jackets from our hong kong warehouses and 4,323 have been delivered. we are right on schedule with our shipping timelines for international orders (end of january-february) that we provided our backers in the last update!"
i wonder if there's any news on backers that lives in europe (germany) as i am. all i heard on this 2 updates are about na, how about your customer in europe sir? its already end of february now.
@mike franklin; there is at least 3 of us from adelaide so far. i wonder if steve from henley beach way has received his shipping yet.
@mike franklin; sorry mike, mine's a l. hopefully you'll get your tracking soon. happy travels.
received my bomber few hours ago.  overall, the quality of the jacket is very good. but!!! the neck pillow and the eye mask were so annoying. the pillow is so heavy and flying around inside the hood. the eye mask is very sloppy and loose, it kept falling down. other then that, it's worth every penny. will i buy any products from them in the future?  i will, as long as they can keep up to their delivery schedule this time.
the reason why we backed such project is because we put trust on the founders and the products that we never see before. we understood that things don't always go as expected. however, waiting for more than 3 months, hence missing the reason to wear this jacket on the season when it was needed, still spark some disappointments.
ok... i can't join this conversation about shipping emails.  but here's a picture of leonidas! https://www.dropbox.com/s/ehr4jrycxy6bepx/2016-02-03%2020.15.30.jpg…
i got it! and i love it! the navy blue is little more saturated ligher than i thought.all good! more review later. i am from hong kong.
@rolts i might have to borrow yours. i go o/s in 2 1/2 weeks and i haven't got an email yet. i only live 10 minutes from brighton so i hope yours is an xl. @edgar have you tried searching aftership.com as mentioned in update 15   "this is why we have brought on a 3rd party service: aftership.com to pinpoint our tracking for orders (specific to international shipments only)."
yep, exactly the same @edgar.  added the tracking to my aftership app and it picked it up saying in transit
@leigh thal: was it the email which you got from floship with an invoice + tracking id? i tried tracking but nothing returned. and there was a $4.01 fee at the bottom? i'm in melb too.
@ leigh; i reckon they'll be in the same shipment. now we have a genuine race to see whose arrives first. ;-)
im in melbourne @rolts
*our
@ leigh thal; i'm in adelaide, where are you? maybe out jackets are in the same consignment.
kept refreshing my email. ordered 2 bombers but nothing seen yet.
in transit to australia   just got tracking info
@sharon; hi sharon, haven't heard of anyone receiving more than 1 item that i can recall.
leo is asleep in my arms like a baby.
@rolts- yeah- nyc shipping is pretty fast and spot on since we're such a huge hub.  i'm fortunate in that aspect.  but i also ordered a bomber and hoodie...the race is still on!   *noms on a snickers*
have any backers who ordered more than 1 piece got their tracking yet?? how many piece did u pledge for?? thanks.
@ nick; if you get a shipping notice soon, you will probably get yours before me anyway. that drink pocket looks like it could hold between 4 to 5 snickers bars at a pinch.
@ melissa, not holding my breath, pre-ordered a set of 'fly pedals v2', via pre-order, missed the ks project. travelled from colorado to sydney in 4 days. australia post had them for 4 weeks in sydney before they final arrived in adelaide. held them for another 48hours in mail handling in adelaide before it arrived at my local po. smh. (this was all after clearing customs.) luckily the weather here is way too hot for jackets at the moment, so it won't be used in the short term.
@rolts, shoot, all outta snickers, better make a run to the store sometime soon and get some for the wait! at least it's not got anything to do with chinapost thank god. was hoping you'd be a double jacket, have only seen reports of the singles so far, but i am further north than you...so here's hoping ;)
@ nick: better have a snickers.  invoice was from 'floship', but appears to be coming from hk post to australia post.  i ordered a single bomber.  the invoice interestingly lists the gloves and collapsible water bottle, perhaps for customs.
who is sending it to you rolts? ps. you suck, haha and what was your order for?
i can't wait to take a picture of leo in the hood of my hoodie or bomber
@ melissa; first email i think, no winner declared until the jacket arrives.
@rolts. are you the winner of our group?!?
@ charles dexter ward; i think this jacket will only cure the "where is my jacket?" syndrome, anything else is going to require multiple snickers bars.
just received my shipping email with tracking details.
hi everyone! how can i know if my jackets are on their way? i'm from spain. thanks :)
will my jacket cure cancer when it comes? how about the common cold? where is my cancer curing (or perhaps common cold curing) jacket?
where is mine one? your warehouse in hong kong?  i am from hong kong
when can i get my product? i hope to get the response as soon as possible :)
@rocket; please scroll down to bruce gilliland's comments. he addressed exactly this question for another backer.
where is mine one? i am from hong kong
btw, anyone else try to zoom in and see if they could make out a name? :d
@bruce nfi, my crystal ball is a bit clouded right now... shook the magic 8 ball it said "try again later" so i'll just go have a nap and see what happens ;) maybe i'll dream the answer up :d @kanas i'd be surprised if yours doesn't arrive this week being 2 bombers.
thanks bruce, finger crossed.. will update you guys if i hear anything..
*...about 40% of the orders *have been* shipped...
@ kanas - as update 17 said, about 40% of the orders to be shipped from hong kong. that means that 60% have not been shipped. look at the pictures at the bottom of the update. you will likely see your package in one of the stacks. it takes a while to get them all ready to go out.
mine was 2 bombers
@nick wallace, rolts, chun hei:  i am from hk, sadly nothing delivered, not even the tracking number...
update 17 actually offers some help to north american backers needing address changes. i just hope they read the update now. it also tells me they are about to start sending out the first batch of jackets this week. no one has posted here that they have received e-mails, but let's hope these folks are getting, or will be getting, those e-mails very soon. it also means that about 26,518 backers are still waiting for their orders to ship. @nick - can you do your calculations on that and tell us when they might be finished?
@ airflight lee - correction/addition: see the new update 17 that came out about 3 hours ago. after our last update on friday, we've received several requests for shipping address changes. we understand that some of you have moved (or will be moving) since we locked our surveys and need to get your new shipping addresses updated. given that we have shipped out more than 40% of the international orders from our hong kong warehouses and the rest of the order details have already been communicated to the warehouses, we won’t be able to accommodate any address change requests for international customers (non-north america orders). therefore, when you receive your tracking information from aftership.com you will need to contact the shipping carrier to re-route your package to the appropriate address. for most north-america orders, at this stage we can accept shipping address changes, that is for backers based in the united states, canada and mexico, with an exception of 1,100 orders. our us warehouses will be dispatching approximately 1,100 orders this week. we won’t be able to make any changes to your shipping addresses if your order is part of the 1,100 batch, otherwise we are happy to do it. please note: we need to hand over the final order file to our us warehouses no later than this wednesday. so please send your shipping address change request to support@baubax.com before tuesday, february 23rd 11:59 pm pst. any shipping address change requests received after this cutoff date will not be accommodated. we hope this helps.
@ airflight lee - there is no way to change your address with baubax. that was closed off several weeks ago. your only options are to contact the carrier, assuming you get a tracking number e-mail in advance, and ask if they can re-direct the package to your new address. you might have to pay an additional fee. your other option is to ask someone at the old address to receive the package and hold it until you can retrieve it, or if they are nice, to ship it to you.
received my bomber jacket few days back, great styling and fit, loving the ample storage and the built-in gloves are super soft and comfy. thanks baubax. one thing could improve on is the eye mask on the hood, there is nothing to hold it in place when not being used, so it keep slipping down when walking around. overall i am one happy backer :)
i need to change my address, because the shipping time is too long. you only have one email to change within several days. who can i contact to update my shipping address?
i appreciate that kickstarting is a risky business but this is the last time i kickstart anything! next time i want a jacket i'll buy one at the beginning of winter, not at the end of it!
@john with respect, knock it off dude. be the better person to not lunge at something like this when the opportunity arises. provoking him is not going to get you anywhere and may only lead to more unnecessary keyboard bashing.
@john: the fact that there were many delays before they started communications? yeah, that's still valid.
whoa!  alex must be distressed at all the communication that is occurring.  can't wait to hear what mr. negative has to complain about now...... the floor is yours mr. jarman.  please don't disappoint.
hey - any australian's received a note from aftership.com. have heard absolutely nothing from them and curious if there has been a screw-up
sadly there is still no tracking number or news for me here in europe :/
@grant if you have no expectations, you wouldn't be frustrated or disappointed.
hello any news about shipments to south america?
people, jeeebuz christ. it's a kickstarter campaign. it's based on estimated dates and production lines on a more or less random number of backers. it's not a shop where you add a jacket,  flask and blanket to your shopping cart, pay for it and it's your mail box.
@owen, agreed, i thought that's what i said but my rambling wasn't very clear i suppose. i too suspect they are getting all the single orders out first, i'd guess all the single orders finished being  sent out last friday with the multiple orders starting on that day. @rolts and @taylor, looks like aus deliveries have started to come through, in the words of the wise professor farnsworth, "good news everyone!"
thanks ank g at least we know it is coming now , and i can stop see people complaining
@all: could you post me your package and your jacket
@all : could you post your package and your jacket?
i am in sydney and got my sweatshirt yesterday! didn't receive any email with tracking number before delivery, but i did receive a delivery notification email a few mins ago. it came with a pair of gloves and the foldable water bottle which i really like. it's a great piece of garment and my only complaint is that the sleeve length is a bit longer for me. but i have to admit that the fabric quality is one of the best i've seen in a sweatshirt. great work baubax!
i got an email today with a tracking number. shipping from hk to uk.
i'm in ireland too.  i ordered a single bomber... but still no tracking id.  so i guess they're still working through every thing.
just to add to my comment that i got a tracking # this morning and i'm in ireland, i ordered a single sweatshirt with a blanket and i'm also expecting this water bottle they promised :) @rolts scotland is a nice place to visit, but living on this latitude give me a sunny beach any day!
@chris: backer number has no correlation with when you order will ship. the us/canada orders *should* be shipping this week according to the emails some people have received(and update 16), but that will remain as a skeptical timeframe until such a time as they do, in fact, start shipping.
it's not that they run and hide, it's that they have too much respect for us to clog up our inboxes with updates (coughing fit).
i was backer #207,  ordered a single windbreaker and live in buffalo, ny.  i haven't gotten an email about anything yet.   so maybe windbreakers are one of the last things to be sent out? who knows.
i've funded three different projects on kickstarter. this is the only one that has left a bitter taste in my mouth, and it's all from this lack of communication. setbacks are completely understandable. shipping delays and import delays; all completely understandable. it's this seemingly unwillingness for baubax to address them when they happen that has me very concerned. should there be an issue with my sweater upon receiving, i have zero faith in the company doing anything about it. so, for everyone who comments about we backers needing to calm down, understand that this frustration isn't born out of unrealistic expectations. clear, consistent communication is not unrealistic. it should be a given. the lack of transparency or communication says a lot about the company. when trouble arises, they run and hide. that's not somebody i would like to do business with ever again.
@bruce: i will probably use kijiji for selling mine, or a garage sale...if indeed it will be sold. who knows maybe someone in my family would want it(still would sell it, just slightly cheaper then wherever else i would sell it)
@nick wallace: that is all very plausible, but i think that they are just getting all the single orders out as fast as possible, then they can work on the multiples(though, if they were doing it the way some warehouses i've worked in did it, they would have each jacket in it's own segment of the section, and put them in the box slide it down, add the next, or close it if no more are to be added).
@ owen - i went up one size just to be safe. with sweatshirts and windbreakers, a slightly large jacket is not really a problem. i don't use ebay, but i may log in to see how many baubax travel jackets show up there for sale.
i thought i wasn't going to post any more of these long rambling "prognostications"....ah well, boredom thy sly mistress tempts me towards such thoughts and actions!
if the blazers have started to be delivered this would be a good indication of where they're at. likely the simple deliveries (single jacket orders) have been sent and mostly received as the blazers were meant to be the last ones out, i realise this might not be true though as it is based on the 13th update timeline and it seems like that was based on sending out as they came out of the factory instead of in a large group as they would appear to be now but certainly seems that way which means this week should see the more complex orders being sent and received. i'd say those of us with multiple jackets but of a single style would likely expect to start receiving notifications next followed the week after by those with multiple jackets and multiple styles. just purely for interest sake, the numbers are as follows: single item 27,975 backers, 2 jackets, 12373, 3 jackets, 1752, 4 jackets 1342, 5 jackets 255, 6 jackets 242, 10 jackets 131. so if we assume that half are non-us (not really accurate but let's run with it), that means if we are at the blazers then 6600 have shipped which marries up with their numbers of having had about 7,200 sent as of friday, so all the singles had shipped as of update 16 on saturday and the beginnings of the doubles would have likely started on friday. so i'd say for those of us with 2 jackets ordered of a single style they'll be shipped during the first few days of this week given there are somewhere about 6,150 of the non-us (half of the 12373 total 2 jacket orders) and the rest to follow. just some numbers running through my head and trying to apply some logic to it. this would seem to make sense, they'd need different sized boxes for different sized orders, you wouldn't have enough space to have all 44,000 boxes ready to go so logic would say you'd bring in the boxes for 1 jacket first, then the next size up for 2 jackets, then 3 etc...etc... i know, i know, someone will tell me "but nick, you're an idiot, baubax obviously don't do things logically, nothing they've done makes sense, they're idiots!", eh, whatever, at this point we aren't really talking about baubax we're talking about the company hired to do their shipping which i believe is floship and being a large and seemingly established company they'd surely follow some kind of logic.
@bruce gilliland: i didn't even measure...i just guestimated, and will probably have it a bit big when it arrives. if so, i can still sell it(not paying postage both ways, ever)
@ lawrence - i suspect a lot of people will be wishing the same thing - especially here in the u.s. where we tend to be "a little" overweight. of course, slim people can still have a problem if the manufacturing process makes the jackets "a little" small. that has been my main concern all along - that the sizing if the manufactured jackets would not "exactly" match the published sizes. but baubax did give us standard, detailed measurements to use. let's hope people checked exisitng jackets at home or in stores to get a good size.
just got my blazer finally. the cutting is nice. fit is kinda tight. should of went a size up or go on a diet.the fabric is not bad, but not as wrinkle free as the campaign suggested. there a quite a lot of loose threads here and there on the jacket which i need to trim i find the glasses pocket with the eye class cloth most useful. the tablet pocket stretches the blazer on the right side making it pretty obvious something heavy is in there. probably wont be using that pocket much. overall not a bad jacket. just wished i got the size up.
@ blankets - i have seen only one comment about the blankets - someone wishing they had ordered one. has anyone gotten a blanket? if so tell us about it.
things seem to be picking up a little steam overnight (for me in the u.s.). for you younger ones, "picking up steam" is an old 19th-20th century term that originated with the steam locomotives. it meant gaining speed. however, still no reports of anyone in the u.s. getting e-mails.
anyone from malaysia received any tracking number? thanks
oh, singapore is also the winner of "top city" as well having the most backers for this campaign, once again that's a lot of items to be sent.
ang, hold tight, hk backers have started to receive theres but keep in mind there are almost 4x as many jackets going to singapore as there are to hk, sending over 2,300+ orders takes a bit of time. i would be surprised if you haven't received a tracking number sometime this week considering the distance. i was fairly certain someone from singapore had said they'd received theirs but honestly cannot be bothered going back through all the comments to double check. also looks like bombers were one of the most popular types so have the most to be sent which means they may take a little longer as well compared to others.
dear lord people! just because they started shipping doesn't mean yours has gone out yet! even if you're in hk, it doesn't mean yours has been sent out yet. give them a few days... geez!   is there a language barrier here???
dispatched, finally!
@ang. it makes no difference how close to hong kong you are. why would it? judging by what people have posted so far, and remember it's a very small percentage of backers that post here, it seems rather random. the only news of a jacket coming to australia so far is one that arrived with its owner/backer as a passenger from hong kong! i find that hilarious.
by the way, i've order a blue bomber, so it's a simple order, not a complex one...
i haven't seen anyone from singapore posting that they have received their jackets. i'm still waiting for a tracking number too. if people living in as far as europe have received a tracking number, why haven't we received it despite us being geographically closer to hong kong?
nothing for singapore yet.  those who received the jackets, could you share some photos with the items in the pockets? what are your likes and dislikes to this jacket? is it true to the size which you have ordered?
anyone from singapore received their tracking number yet?
jonathon**
@janothon you probably just didn't ready the update enough to find it frustrating. i don't really care if they tell me it's going to take 1 year for me to get my jumper. i just want honesty, which they don't really have unfortunately.
my mistake, i understood now..
@ chris s.: we don't know if any of the credit card charge backs actually went ahead. there were a number of backers who said they were initiating such action, but there was no information as to how that progressed.
i get my tracking number too !!!!! but i don't understand how it works, it says that the jacket is in france and at the same time it is coming via switzerland... ? maybe i don't understand the thing ( i'm french and only 15 )
finally get my tracking number. thanks
rhetorical question: for those that screamed fraud and had charges reversed, when / if you get your tracking number, will you un-reverse the charges to your card, or wait for the jacket, and then reverse the charges?
did you guys all ordered single jackets? i am so exited that eu people are starting to get their tracking numbers, but i'll be more exited when the shipment of multiple jackets starts ^^ eu people let us know what happens with customs and how long it takes to reach you please :d
@ james byrne; my wife is from scotland and still has relatives spread from cornwall to the scottish highlands. we try to fly to see them every few years (they reciprocate, coming our way), so a travel jacket is a great idea. it gets cold enough here in winter to wear it, particularly to sporting events. those pockets will hold a few hip flasks. ;-)
oh boy jonathon coles, i hope you haven't poked that hornets nest too hard ;) haha
got the tracking number this morning - i'm in ireland. says it's just been registered in hong kong so a little more waiting, but it's on the way. @rolts enjoy the weather, why do you even need a jacket? :) thanks for making the comment section sane!
there are still people still don't understand that this is kickstarter, a place where you help make ideas a reality. this is not a shop where you can place an order and expect it to be delivered shortly after. you fund a project, and in return, the owners send you a gift to say thank you. to all of you complaining, i'd love to see you create a product like these jackets, then fulfil nearly 45k orders worth over $9m in such a short deadline. to baubax, thank you for the opportunity to back you, and thank you for keeping everyone up to date with all your emails and updates. it's a shame people ignore them
got a tracking number, 1 jacket, from israel.
@frodo if you check the updates you'll see that they mentioned that those with single jackets will receive theirs first, ones with multiple jackets like your order will be the last ones to receive them unfortunately. so far it seems to not have a lot to do with your backer number and more to do with the complexity of your order. ie simple orders sent first, complex orders sent last.
@nick, no, i ordered pack of 5. btw, my backer no. is 3xxxx, i think this may be the reason why i still not yet received any tracking no.
any chance of checking my shipping status?
@eric. yes, single jacket.
hi all, just received an email saying my jacket is in the post and i have a tracking no. looks like the end is in sight! i'm uk based and i was backer no 40 something thousand. so it looks like shipments are filtering through
here's ralf from germany. i got an email and tracking number this mornimg. so it seems at last something will happen :-)
i'd like to check on my shipment. thanks.
@frodo and @yam, did you order a single jacket?
i am from hong kong, finally today i got the jacket.
@frodo - courier is dpex and the shipper is floship ltd. https://www.dpex.com
where are you florian? france? germany?
i finally got a tracking no.
jeez johnson, way to rub it in for the rest of us! if you were coming here couldn't you have grabbed a few extra for the australian backers in sydney and just brought them with you? ;)
@taylor maybe when your jacket arrives you can foil line one of the pockets and use it as a cookie cooker? :d
totally i travel to sydney with bomber jacket. yea too hot to wear it. oh but i did have a great time using it on plane. like the pen the pillow, i start regretting that i didn't back for the blanket too
@ nick wallace: balmy 35 degrees c today. i live near the beach, but haven't had time to go for a swim today.
heatwave is actually unbearable..... can actually bake cookies in the car.
must be an aussie thing ;) btw, how's the heat wave going down there for ya? too bad you don't have a lovely jacket to wear... haha
still waiting patiently in singapore, if anyone received any tracking within singapore please kindly inform here please. thanks.
@nick wallace; on the same wave length.
@ tyler brodie: you came "onboard' in august, paid kickstarter in september, filled in your survey in october for an optimistically projected delivery in november. i know this is your first project, but delays in crowd funding are not uncommon. the projected delivery of rewards is always estimated by creators before they know how many items they need to produce. this is also impacted by the fact that many are brand new to bringing a product through production and delivery and have no existing stock/inventory, no infrastructure for either production or delivery.
tyler, you backed in august, the campaign didn't finish till september and they didn't receive the funds from the campaign until mid-september. if you read the updates you'd see there has been new info on delivery dates. it's a kickstarter campaign afterall, you were always going to be in for a wait. for others wondering as well (not that anyone seems to read the comments or updates or anything anyway) if you selected a single jacket yours will likely be in the first batches, if you selected multiple jackets of the same type i'd expect yours to be not too far away after that and if you selected multiple jackets of multiple types you'll be in the last batch. people are receiving them, reports from hong kong, singapore and brazil so far from last week so i'd expect to start hearing more shortly.
taylor, someone said they got an email from floship who appear to be handling the shipping for them, a quick look at their website shows an australian post logo so it'd be safe to say they'll be shipping using auspost, as i said i'd suspect australian backer will maybe get tracking info this week or most likely next week. http://www.floship.com/partners/
i backed the project in august and still no jacket or date of arrival has been sent to me , very unethical business practices , i will not being buying another product from baubax llc."the worlds best travel jacket" spare me , it's not worth the 6 month wait which i'm sure will extend
@corala eric which courier?
well, that's annoying haha i'll have to redirect my jacket but i don't know which carrier they are using in australia? lol
@ missing e-mail notices - while it is certainly possible that e-mails are not being sent (contrary to what baubax promised), let me encourage all who are still waiting to regularly check their junk, spam or trash folders in their e-mail apps just to make sure the e-mail did not get side-tracked there. it has happened to me before.
@bruce @taylor, i never received the e-mail and reference number from courier as well, just received the pallet on this morning only. which including the gloves and water bottle.
out of interest (because there is a snowballs chance in hell anyone actually reads these comments except the usual suspects!) has anyone that has received their jacket had multiple jackets? as in multiple of a single type of multiple jackets of different types? just as an indication of where they're at with the process.
@ corolla eric - well. tell us about it! we who are without must live vicariously through you lucky hong kong folks for a while longer.
for people who got their jacket, do you guys received an email before you get it or?
finally, i got my jacket. @hong kong
i can feel my patience wearing thin already, although i'm in no hurry to receive it. i guess it's because baubax's latest update is giving me false hopes.  :(
in singapore,  no tracking number yet,  but i have faith.  thanks for the updates and good luck!!
i love it when people can actually be adults in online forums and talk it out.  (this was not sarcastic).
i live in taiwan and if they send it out, i should get it within 2 days. but up until today, no news. on jan 1 i was notified that my orders would be shipping out soon, but so far almost 2 months, i don't see it.. maybe i would get it in time for summer?!
i am one of the backers in hong kong and have been expecting my delivery to happen real soon - but i do understand being geographically close to the warehouses does not mean i will get the jackets first for the reason 1. they would be delivering single jacket-s first (i had 6 in my pledge!) ; 2. i don't think they will prioritise the deliveries by city and deliver hk in the top of the list - most asia (or north asia) deliveries should be grouped in a batch i presume. just my thoughts to share with my fellow hk-ers.
@steve, thanks, you seem like a good guy - all the best. i'm vexed by baubax not by fellow backers (well apart from an obvious windup merchant with initials mk, and i flew off the handle with an a which was probably wrong).
i am gonna miss alex.
@alex. i apologise without reservation about my earlier comment referring to your being smug. it was uncalled for and completely out of character for me.
i'm not even going to need a jacket by the time this damn thing ships.
based on the fact that 100% of their past predictions have been wrong and many past statements have been dubious, i'd say that there is 100% chance this one will also be wrong and some people will still be getting their christmas jackets in june. i'd say there is also 100% chance that they will still act smug about themselves, based on 100% previous rate of smugness.
update 16 said they had shipped just over 7,000 jackets from hong kong, and we can assume they're all single-jacket orders since they've previously said that they would be first. that means there's about 10,000 orders left to ship. on their estimate, this could take between one and three weeks to complete. let's say two weeks and all jackets will have been shipped, plus up to two weeks transit depending on the carrier and destination. my forecast, then, is that all non-usa/can/mex deliveries will be done by the end of march. no point complaining about non-receipt until april. personally, i'm still excited about the jacket. the delays haven't put me off, nor made me particularly annoyed; i'm certainly not angry.
mr. rb - according to update 16, all shipments outside the u.s., canada and mexico are coming from the hong kong distribution center. while they have supposedly shipped a large quantity of jackets from there, there are probably still many more to be shipped. let's hope you hear from them soon. @ raymond wong - see my comments to mr. b above as they apply to you as well. they still have a lot of shipments to do. notices won't be sent until the package is ready to leave or has left the distribution facility. at least yours will travel only a "few" miles by ground. everyone outside of hong kong will have to depend on sir transports - and possible customs delays. let's hope you hear from them soon.
i am a backer from hong kong. you said there is a warehouse in hong kong, but how come i still can't get my jackets yet. it should be spend the least time  for posting. even you send them by local post, i can get them within one week. but still, i can't get them. when should i get them? or you simply want all of the backers get their jacket at the same time? it does not make sense, because there are many local courier company in hong kong, it should not have any shipping problems.
hi i'm in the uk - who would be performing the delivery.  i haven't received any confirmation yet.
@ nick - i apologize for being picky, but the u.s. distribution center should start giving shipments to the carriers this coming week. at that point they will start sending e-mails with tracking numbers (we hope). i suspect many people will not get their notices until some time later, when the center has their package ready for shipment. this will take place over a few weeks. some people may get notices this week, but for others it could be 2-3 more weeks.
can't wait for my jackets to arrive! thanks for the hard work, you guys :)
those of you in the us if you read the update you would know your jacket tracking numbers should be sent out this week obviously not on a weekend as most postal services are not open
when will we get the tracking number ?
has anyone gotten theirs yet?
no tracking number yet, i am from singapore.
@ larry - you are trying to get your credit card company to refund your pledge because you contend baubax has failed their commitments. let's say the credit card company does refund your money. then they are out the money because they probably will not get it from baubax without major legal action. then - surprise of surprises - your jacket arrives (which is likely to happen within a few weeks). if it fits and is reasonable quality, what will you do then?
@ erica - i don't recall baubax saying the bomber was water repellent, just that snow would not accumulate on it. even the windbreaker is not "waterproof." it is considered "water resistant." i would not consider the bomber a rain jacket.
#christophe, i mean
i totally understand the frustration by so many backers on how this campaign has progressed.  from the ks tos: "throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. " they have told us: sep 18: “we are proud to say that we are on track to ship out the jackets by end of november and there aren’t any blind spots detected yet. we’ll keep you posted if anything comes up in the future.” nov 30:” if everything goes smoothly, we'll ship out all other jackets, scheduled for december delivery, during the week of dec 21st.” jan 14: “at this point we are not able to provide definitive dates on when each individual customer will receive his/her jacket. you will receive an email with a tracking number as soon as your jacket ships out of our fulfillment center. this can happen anytime between end of january through february.” my issue is not so much as to whether they were able to do what they said they were going to, but rather whether a “reasonable person” writing the update actually believed what they were writing.  and i really struggle believing the comments above count as “honest communication”. when you read the current update. “1) china shuts down for 3-weeks in february in observance of their new years. this presents a heavy rush on exports throughout the world along with the tussle and pull to get company shipments on vessel exports in end of january. we missed several vessels because of this.” this has “nothing” to do with the delay of the start of shipping in north america – this tells us that there is probably still at least one container still in transit.  if it shipped near the end of january, then a container(s) has probably just arrived (or is about to arrive).  this suggests to me that some of us won’t be shipped our jackets for quite a while. “2) baubax llc is a new company and we are importing for the first time in to the united states. therefore, more detailed inspections occurred causing occasional delays in receiving our products to our warehouses (to both east and west coast facilities).” doesn’t surprise me much. “3) customs held up our gloves and bottle shipments, which was a bottleneck to all kickstarter shipments, as they get shipped along with all the jackets. we wanted to ensure you get all your items together.” if i read between the lines here, my interpretation is they meant: we didn’t really mean it when we said the jackets would be ready to ship to us customers by the end of january, because “oops”, we “forgot” about the gloves/bottles.  because, they were never going to arrive at the warehouse by the end of january, anyways. @todd/price/anne:  i have a lot of sympathy for what you must go through on a daily basis.  dealing with irate customers, and not having the power/information to “make them happy”, or even provide them accurate information.  it must really suck.  i hope it gets better for you.
anyone from singapore has received it? :d
@chrisopher, your logic is right.  "according to the community panel, 654 backers are from hong kong, so we can easily conclude that all the orders should be already fulfilled in hong kong" however...more hong kong backers have come on here to say they don't have it than to say they do. hmm....
question about the material of the bombers: the description says it "easily slides away snow". does that mean it's water-repellent or waterproof? the windbreaker is water-repellent but i'm curious about the bomber jacket. does anyone know?
for eu backers: according to the community panel, 654 backers are from hong-kong, so we can easily conclude that all the orders should be already fulfilled in hk. this was direct shipments with local post between the warehouse and the customers, so we can expect a week or two maximum to deliver all the goods. so considering they really started a week or two ago to send all the jackets, we can expect them to reach eu within 3-4 weeks + 1-2 weeks to reach every customers. also, if they keep the 500 orders/day rate, they would need approximetly 2 weeks to send all the orders.  after all this useless calculation, i can easily insure my warm jackets will reach my sweet home for delicious spring weather !
has anyone in singapore got any tracking email yet? thanks!
@larry "obvious obfuscation and misleading information" 100 times yes. this is exactly why i think backers should be outraged. yes, the lack of communication frequency is bad but this is an unforgivable way to treat the people who are essentially the seed investors into your business. even now, their figures on deliveries are highly suspicious.
leigh, i wouldn't expect any tracking numbers here in aus till this week at least, probably throughout the week after.
still nothing,  im in australia
did anyone receive the tracking number?
same to the hong kong backers. still not get any notice about the post. quite ridiculous so less jacket from hk warehouse to hk backer.
@ kanas; yes there have been jackets to hong kong. you have to scroll back up to 48hours to see the posts with links to pictures. do you mean that you are in hong kong and haven't received your jacket? if so, that is very different from your post.
kanas, there have been a number of people report deliveries in hong kong already.
no jackets to hk from hk warehouse..
@larry. have you since contacted amex and informed them of the latest delivery schedule emailed to you? i'm pretty sure amex won't refund you the purchase based on poor business practices. especially since you have now been told some credible information concerning delivery. i think they would also be reluctant to refund you on a kickstarter pledge given the t&c you agreed to when you committed to the pledge.
still waiting for tracking number :(
larry, purely out of interest, which email did you use to contact them and what were the dates you sent the contact on?
this whole project has been a disaster ever since the completion of the funding. minimal and abstract updates with obvious obfuscation and misleading information. i waited patiently until last week (02/13) for an update and a response to any one of my 4 requests for information and request for cancellation and credit to my cc. none was forthcoming. not surprised. i have subsequently contacted ax and initiated a dispute of the charges for failure to meet minimal business standards, provide adequate and timely updates, and a complete failure to respond to my communications. i would hope that many others who are disappointed in this project will take similar action.
people who are backing crowding projects for the first time, and haven't experienced delays with a prior project, don't fully comprehend the enormity of launching a product without an existing production and distribution infrastructure.  regarding communication; in the initial stages, there were multiple updates each month because they were trying to gain as many backers as possible. that was the primary objective.  once the campaigning was complete, the updates have been regular, at least one every month. this would be because the companies focus shifted to production then distribution. its communication would then have been swamped; many backers had made errors in their surveys that needed to be addressed, others needed their addresses to be changed. still others wanted to change their pledges.  once there were delays beyond the original projections, the anger and even threats to withdraw funds via credit card charge back, claims the creators were to be reported to various authorities and threats of legal action from a number of backers emerged.  to the creators' credit, they did not get into pointless arguments here or via the updates. it's clear the repetitive demands for personal attention and attacks via social media evoked a reaction from baubax pr. the responses and blocking of the vocal critics probably provided some short term relief for the staff facing the tsunami of negativity, but may lead to longer term negative perception of the company.  even now rewards have begun to be delivered, it seems that is insufficient for those who require instant gratification. "jackets have been delivered. where is mine?"
@alex, where on earth did you get childrens cancer from in her post? i see a mention of watching an ad for a couple of childrens hospitals, defibrillator, dialysis machine...but no mention specifically of cancer? actually, she has mentioned cancer once, in her earlier posts on a different campaign where she mentioned she lost her mother to cancer...yikes buddy. @bruce, "prognostications", haha, that's a bit more credit that i would have given it, honestly just trying to give another view on it, alex is hell bent on seeing the absolute worst case scenario. honestly if they've said the same thing every week instead of every month i don't think it would make a real difference, they seem to have given us new information when it has become available to them, possibly with a couple days lag, i personally don't see the point in updates for the sake of updates but that's just me of course! alex has focused purely on the 500 orders a day part and completely chosen to ignore the 1500 max, i don't think this is entirely fair. not to mention his numbers were incorrect assuming half were us and half were non-us which isn't true. i know they have been a bit crap with their timelines so far, obviously made mistakes and haven't sought out advice from others that have done things like this, but then again it would be hard to find anyone with experience in producing 90,000+ jackets plus blankets and those bottles within an incredibly short period of time for a brand new company through a platform like kickstarter, who on earth do they go to with those sorts of questions? could they have been far more pessimistic and chosen to add a month or two on for good measure? probably, but then again they wanted to market it for people to get for the holiday season, undoubtedly to drive up sales, it seems to have worked and once again, despite the vocal minority the majority appear to be happy enough by looking at the number of comments here. so you can call them all the names under the sun but so far their business has turned over just over $9+ million and despite the negative thoughts of a few will likely turn this whole thing into a business that will continue if they so choose. once again, personally, i think people just need to chill, don't take it so personally, eat a snickers, honestly if they haven't communicated much what damage have they really done, i mean seriously, think to yourself about what kind of damage has been done? they haven't stolen your money, they haven't deprived you of a human necessity, they've annoyed you and not lived up to your expectations, they've acted snooty towards you and don't really seem to care about you, oh well, take the jacket you paid for, enjoy it and don't purchase from them again, warn others if you feel you really need to but it's pretty well on display here how the timelines have changed and i certainly don't think it will be indicative of their future business as  kickstarter and this campaign in particular are chalk and cheese compared to how a normal business works, name me a business that goes from expecting $20,000 to receiving over $9 million in the space of 6-7 months and has to produce 90,000 jackets, 90,000 collapsible bottles and god knows how many blankets within a few months because i certainly can't think of any. honestly, this will likely be my last long post. from what i can see of where the jackets are at the moment there shouldn't be too many more delays. for the us the hard part is done, they've cleared customs, are reaching the warehouses there very shortly, i honestly can't see any major delays, it could just be a slow-ish process of sending them out, will likely find out next week or so when they put up another update on it, but yeah, you guys got the short stick in terms of delivery due to the customs delays. for non-us orders they're already been sent, so we know it's definitely not a scam for all those that were saying it (or it's one incredibly well set up scam!) now it's just a matter of waiting, so far looks like the product will live up to expectations as well which is great, i really loved the look of the black bomber, hope someone posts up a red bomber soon as that is what i've ordered. got a lot of work trips coming up and with the 7kg max carry-on limit in australia now this will help out to pack a couple of things into the jacket and save a kilo or two. oh if anyone is in the same predicament having to carry-on and needing maximum weight available, go look for the samsonite carry-on bag, weighs less than a kilo and so far have been able to pack enough for a comfortable 3 day work trip even with the extras i need to carry for my job, didn't cost much either, only about $65 aud in the end! could not recommend enough ;)
@ kirsty swinton; i've backed 11 projects including this one. not one of those has provided weekly updates. if the creators increase communication to that level; there are three consequences. the first is with large campaigns such as this, they risk being seen as spamming, as all updates are emailed. secondly, updates, when there is little to say is pointless and leads to complaints from backers. thirdly, and most importantly, it takes time away from achieving the project in a timely fashion.
just would like to know when i will get my jacket
why are people so bent out of shape? it's ending soon. i feel like, even as disappointing, as this has been allowing myself to get this upset over a jacket is a little much. i'm sure everyone on here has had bad customer service experiences, probably worse than this. no one on here, except the creators, has any control over any of this. and as they are a new business, with a new product, i for one am giving them the benefit of the doubt. running into unforeseen issues happens every day and even more so if it's your first time doing something. especially on the scale that they are. trial and error is how most people, and businesses learn. i can't say i would ever buy something from them again, but i also hope if they stay in business after this, they learn from their mistakes here. i for one am very excited to get my jacket. until then i have about 8 others to choose from. one jacket is not worth getting upset about. a lack of communication is frustrating, but ultimately not worth getting upset about. especially to people i'm in the same position as. maybe that's just me. hope everyone loves theirs.
i have been reading and thinking for a while now... my current thought?  the jackets being posted out now are actually the trial run of a couple of thousand... that supposedly happened earlier. i understand how kickstarter works, and i think baubax has treated its backers terribly, i for one would have preferred a email update every week with all the mundane details, than what we have had.
@anne - you need to chill - these forums are for everyone to voice there concern - the real problem stems from updates - they can easily have a weekly update - wow this took me a whole 20 seconds to write! they always answer questions and comments when trying to get your support then feel they don't have to report anymore. don't tell me your too busy - 1 minute time to report something - not answer everyone's question - comfort in knowing people are still there
for me, the early communication was a bit of an issue, especially the december update which was clearly wrong before they posted it. the january update was much better, explained the delays and gave us a reasonably good estimate on delivery times. so, i was expecting mine to be shipped by the end of february and maybe received by mid-march. now we have an update at the end of february that tells us that shipping has commenced and that some backers have received their jackets. i'll maybe now receive mine by the end of march. not too bad i think; they could have updated us two weeks ago when they knew further delays were certain, but not enough to have a conniption over. north american backers' jackets should start shipping next week due to transport and customs delays, some of which they should possibly have foreseen (forgivable given its their first time and probably trusted their shipping agent's promise). so there's about 28,000 backers to ship to north america (i just guessed the mexico number to round things up), probably split evenly between east and west coasts — say 14,000 each. so, i'm pretty certain that i will get my jacket and reasonably sure it will be within about a month or so. my calm patience in all this means i look forward to receiving the world's best travel jacket. the somewhat lackadaisical behaviour of baubax towards their backers is regrettable, but not reason enough to get angry at the jackets themselves. your jacket is coming, a bit late sure, but it's coming.
@bruce- re: restaurant. well then.  yeah, i can see your annoyance.  and i agree with the entitlement thing.  sad but true. :(
@charles in a funny sort of way i think we agree. she said that comments on here had ruined the campaign for her and told us off for getting frustrated by the "little things in life". she essentially denied us our right to protest and i think protest is 100% valid considering the non-delay related issues backers have had to put up with. you see, i completely agree about the timing thing. a humble and open baubax reporting delay after delay after delay would be a company i could respect. instead what we get from them is a toxic mix of obfuscation, self-promotion, censorship and what some people might regard as lies.
@alex...you're way off...she didn't sound preachy at all. she was merely pointing out that perhaps a little perspective is in order. in the scheme of things a jacket from a kickstarter project being a little (and understandably) late is not a big deal. first world problems, my friend. anyone expecting and planning on receiving anything from a kickstarter campaign on time is a bit delusional. as you likely know it is not a warehouse somewhere with all this stuff laying around ready for little timmy's birthday or susie's christmas present. one should always go into kickstarter expecting delays. it is a common occurrence when dealing with things that need to be manufactured...esp when it goes far beyond expectations like this campaign did. most people don't see the delays in manufacturing when buying retail. shit just shows up one day and people don't generally know how long it took to produce. i think they (baubax) aren't doing too bad actually, given the numbers. only about 5 months since the campaign ended has passed, they had to produce 10s of thousands more jackets than was projected, shipping started but only 3 months later than expected. their big failure was in lack of communication to the backers and poor handling of backers when tey started to get frustrated by it...as you pointed out.
she came on here to preach that baubax customers should just wait patiently like good children and telling us off for voicing our (well-founded) complaints, absurdly bringing children's cancer into the equation. i'm not apologising to her for calling her a hypocrite because i stand by it. my 'attacks' have been on the side of disgruntled and against baubax but i took offence to someone coming on here and telling backers what they can or can't do. we all react to and have the right to react to poor treatment. many people on here are not rich and have given hundreds of dollars of their hard-earned money to a company that has subsequently miscommunicated to them, blocked them on social media, patronised them in email responses and displayed hubris of the worst kind.
i like how alex doesn't apologize for his attitude and calling people names, yet he gets mad at baubax for not apologizing for their attitude.
@bruce i believe i have always been respectful towards you. what i took so much offence to was her bringing children's cancer into the equation. that is a manipulative and calculated bit of writing on her part and nothing to do with discussing how baubax have treated the funders of their business. can we all simply live our lives excusing our bad behaviour by saying 'yes, but it's not as bad as children's cancer?' totally irrelevant. i also know something about human nature and i have yet to meet anyone who doesn't get frustrated by life's daily's travails from time to time and especialy when we feel unfairly treated by another. i do. we all do. but not anne apparently, with her holier-than-thou and sanctimonious attitude.
@ alex - that was totally rude and uncalled for. once again, you attack anyone who doesn't hold your twisted views of life. you use words like "cowardly" and "arrogant" in criticizing baubax. but to call anne a hypocrite because she implied that people were being too impatient is simply uncalled for. even if you know anne and her past posts, it still is not necessary. i think the word arrogant applies to you as well as to baubax. now, i can't wait to see what you say about me.
yes, anne because when you look in the mirror you never every air your frustrations with how you are treated over small things in life, you massive hypocrite.
@ anne - since you are signing off, you may not see this. you are asking people to be rational, logical and patient. come on, where's the fun in that?
i ordered a jacket, right? some of you folks are acting like your defibrillator or dialysis machine (from an established company) is late. when the little things in life get you frustrated, turn on the tv (if in the u.s.) and watch a commercial for st jude's children's hospital or shriner's children's hospital. or talk to a veteran.  and you write how baubax has forever ruined the kickstarter experience for you. what has ruined this particular campaign for me is the culture of this comment board. so signing off from comments feed. will just wait for my shipping email and participate in comments/discussions for the other campaigns i support.
@ melissa - off topic, but since you asked last night after i went to bed. the restaurant is at a resort hotel near where i live. it's off the beaten path so it does not get a lot of locals. they offered a special valentine's day dinner. so, i made reservations. when we arrived, there were several empty tables. when we were seated, there was a high partition next to our table, so i didn't realize we were next to the kitchen until later when the kitchen manager started barking out orders. in the meantime, the couple who came in after us (they said they did not have reservations) was seated not too far from us. they asked if they could move to another table, and so they got a better seat. by the time i realized all this, we were being served. as best i can tell, they never filled all their tables while we were there (7-9 p.m.). there was never any waiting line. so, the staff was not overwhelmed. i contend that the table next to the kitchen should have been the last one used. that is why i said the hostesses did a poor job. it is interesting that the ones who think they deserve better and complain get better treatment, while others who go by the rules, get treated worse.
they'll fail, as they fail every time and will brush it under the carpet, as they brush it under the carpet every time. silence and delays, every time. but (putting saracastic hat on), backers with no jackets will be thrilled because their email inboxes won't be flooded with updates.
no offense to the rest of the world, but i am concerned primarily about u.s. deliveries. update 16, dated feb. 19, said u.s. (and i assume canada and mexico) deliveries will start next week. that could be from the 21st to the 27th. i will assume the 24th. they also said they will provide a better schedule once the deliveries start in another update (how original and unique - see alex, i can be sarcastic too). earlier support e-mails said 6-8 weeks to complete deliveries, but i suspect they will try to better that. still, we are looking at the end of march, or possibly april, before deliveries are finished. nick and alex, how does that jive with your prognostications? yes, this is the latest in several schedules. forget about november. forget about february. those projections were made by baubax with incomplete or bad data and estimates. we need to be concerned now with this current one.
"less then 10% of customers are receiving their baubax jackets!" i think this is what baubax wanted to say in their update 16.
@ nick, @ alex - i'm sure glad you guys enjoy math so much, but all that number crunching to try to figure out exactly when the deliveries will be completed or how far wrong baubax is in their schedule is too much for me. i'll just wait (patiently?) for my e-mail.
@ daniel - the only way you will know when you jacket ships is when (if?) you get an e-mail from the carrier, hopefully with a tracking number. if i recall correctly, your jacket will be coming from hong kong.
wgether it's 13,000 or 15,000, we don't need to do much number crunching it's 20 february already and february is a short month. no way they are getting all those jackets out by the end of the month, especially as they've been doing 500 a day. baubax are missing yet another of their deadlines, this isn't great, but to actually boast about hitting is why i think they are beyond contempt.
hi, is there a way to find out if my jacket has been shipped? it would be to an international destination (brazil),
anyone from ireland get jackets yet? have to say im very disappointed with this, ordered it for 6 week travelling i did dec & jan...and i still dont have it. broken promises :(
@christophe, i see your point and it crossed my mind before that they said jackets delivered, not backers, just a thought though, if the first jackets are mostly single orders and single types then it could be fair to assume that 7000 jackets were 7000 backers. according to the community tab there were 24,000 backers in the us so that only leaves 20,000 for the non-us orders, not 22,500 each. they said the current rate is 500 orders a day and 1500 max, that's orders, not jackets from what i can see and i don't see the number of jackets or multiple types really increasing the time by a significant factor, i wouldn't think that having to pick and pack 2 jackets would take twice as long as having to pick and pack 1 jacket, it would increase it but only moderately, it'll be the more complex ones at the end that have 3+ and all different types that will slow things down a lot i'd reckon so i'd still stand by the estimates i put down. plus they said "orders" when talking about the 500-1500 a day being sent, an order can contain multiple items, eg, a backers order could contain 3 jackets, that would still be 1 order, so you can take the number of backers and orders to likely be the same and as such my original estimates would still be valid. this is of course also not taking into account the 1000 that were already sent which will cut a day or two off.
@ uc - you can't. if you got an e-mail from the carrier before the delivery, contact them to see if they will re-direct the package. if not, or if it has been delivered to the old address, you will need to contact someone there to get them to hold the jacket for you.
anyone having problem on the inflation hole? my inflation hole position is a bit close to the cover zipper and it's not so convenient to inflate after unzip the cover of neck pillow.
hi.. i live in hk and i just moved from the address i gave them last year! how can i update my address?
alex: the package said it's a males windbreaker and i choose male on my survey
you guys misunderstood, they sent 7000 jackets, not orders ;). they started by single orders, so that might means approximately 7000 orders for now, but the more they will send, the more they will reach more complex orders with multiple jackets. we are 45000 backers, half from us, half for the rest of the world. so 22500 orders to deliver with an average of 500 orders sent per day.. and i don't believe the rate will increase since more complex orders is more time consuming to prepare.
hi, i still haven't received my jackets yet. when should i expect to receive it? is there a tracking number? thanks.
christophe and alex, they say they've already sent out 7,235 so that would leave about 13,000 in hong kong (24,000 in the us which leaves 20,000 in hong kong). they also said at 500 a day right now but 1500 maximum, so let's say between 26 and 9 days. also wouldn't assume they'd be closed on the weekend, it's china after all, they'll likely be running on the weekends as well. so yeah, 11 days as of yesterday, they'll have to be ramped up to full speed right away if they want to ship them all by the end of february which seems unlikely, unless those figures were a day or so out of date which is possible and might give them a day or so wiggle room, but i'd say they'll be a couple days over, probably get the last non-us shipments done in the first week of march. so yeah, they said there were on schedule for the non-us orders which they could be, i'd say there's a 75% chance they are. us orders, almost certainly will run through to mid-march at least assuming they actually start shipping this coming week as stated though i'd take that with a grain of salt of course with their previous updates but shouldn't be too big a delay considering where the shipments are at. if the us centres can do the same rate as the hong kong one then there will be 2 centres with about 12,000 each, even at the maximum rate that would take 10 days and that will almost certainly be working days being in the us so 2 weeks at least, probably 3. but yeah, they said they'll update next week when it actually starts as to what the new schedule will be, but i'd say you probably won't receive them in the us till sometime through march. so yeah, definitely not on schedule according to update 15 but they didn't say they were for the us orders, they could have made that a bit clearer though i'd say.
christophe, baubax arrogantly tell us off "we are right on schedule with our shipping timelines for international orders (end of january-february) that we provided our backers in the last update!" how are they going to send the remaining 15,000 (22000 - 7000 sent) non-us in just 6 working days? but evidently they are 'right on schedule'... so they have the cheek to show off about being 'right on schedule' after the schedule keeps shifting and every single time being wrong about it, including yesterday - yet again.
anyone from sydney got their jackets ?
@yen. what does it say on the packaging? also double-check your recorded survey response.
45 working days*
500 shipments per day means it will take 45 working to send 22500 orders (the non us half)... so approximately 2 and half months to deliver all of orders.
seems like the backers who received their jackets so far didn't opt for blanket.
i received the windbreaker jacket. anyone know is the windbreak for male slim fit on waist? im afraid i received a woman windbreaker but i am a male.
a question for those of you who received your jackets. did you guys received your tracking number ahead before the delivery of your jacket ?
havent received my jacket yet, im based in uk. do you email a tracking number? thanks!
i understand having to pay shipping if we want to exchange due to changing minds on colour or size.  that would be fair.  however, i dread to think what would happen if baubax picked and sent the wrong order, size or colour....
ho hum. too late for my trip overseas. :/
@holger. surely that would breach some sort of privacy law.
when should i receive my jacket please i'm based in the uk? thanks  dawnn
do it like ravean! the use a open list for all backers with a googledoc. so you can see the status of your personal delivery, e.g. "shipperd", "packed" or "pending".
@pauline wan since the usa jackets have not started shipping yet, i am fairly certain that yours has not been shipped.  if your address was changing in sept., then you should have given the new address because it was estimated to be shipped in nov.
any idea if we will receive tracking number?
@tess navarro it said clearly in the "original campaign", the "exchange policy" here is part oh the policy exchange your jacket for any reason, we will allow you to do that, but you’ll have to pay for the "two way"  shipping.
@ tess, yes they said they would exchange for sizing, but you have to pay return shipping fees i believe.
when i get my jacket and it doesn't fit well, may i return it and exchange it for a better fit?
i like the crowd tonight.  @pornchulee- i'd ask you how to say your name phonetically but that could take days to write.
compared to many kickstarter projects that have way less backers and therefore way less product to produce, this one isn't really taking that long and they've started shipping. it's only been almost 7 months since the kicksarter began (june 2015)...began...not ended. i think that isn't that bad actually. they should have been more up front about their shipping estimate as soon as they realized there was no way in hell that was going to be made.
@nick wallace  lol thank you for your suggestion i will try it ;) ps. after you write it for you whole life you get us to it. sometime it's helpful though, when you try to look for you name on the list just look for the longest one.
pornchulee ratanacharoensiri (wow, you must hate writing your name on forms!) do you own a crystal ball? or perhaps a magic 8 ball? i'd recommend using either of them as an excellent method for knowing when your jacket will arrive :)
received in hong kong today
i wouldn't mind waiting but how could i know when my jacket will arrive? how can i find my tracking no.?
thanks for all the pics of the product, makes waiting for it a little less slower as i know i will get mine soon....
is refund still impossible? im tired of waiting
teaser #2 so i can't wait to feel the jacket. on the box it read: do now open with sharp cutters i was on the street and didn't have one. brute force was the solution. with a little intellegence and punching holes on the box, my fingers were already fiddling the jacket... oh that feeling and shade of black and silky smooth touch...
the quality i would say its so much better from what i have expected... worth the wait!
huzzah terence!
i missed mr postman just by an hour yesterday, called today, went to pick it up. lucky for us in hong kong where everything is within distance. will be posting pics of the jacket later on. for teasers, i ordered the black bomber mens' l, came in a box with touch sensitive gloves and travel bottle. all items clearly labeled on the box so no problem in checking the contents.
@bruce- re: restaurant  was the other table free as you were being seated? did you request to move there when you got the table by the kitchen?  perhaps the server with the better table was slammed and threatened the maitre'd their life if they got one more table.  or you may have had the better server, just not the better table.  or perhaps there was an annoying customer next to the better table. valentine's day is one of the worst days of the year to work.  it's busy.  it's long.  there could be many reasons why you were given that table (oh! wobbly leg! another one!) and not the nicer one. don't start gm and i on restaurant service either... :)
*eats a snickers*pets leo* what if you were eating at a restaurant the week it opened? new staff, new culinary idea? would you be just as harsh?  perhaps yes, or maybe you would give it a second shot a few months later after they got their bearings. to add to the "can-do-no-wrong" camp-  i have always said their communication needs major improvement.  i think we can all agree with that. my support mainly comes from the experiences with kickstarter, creators, and starting my own small business.   i've seen many delays in kickstarter- the longest delay was 9 months.  i've also befriended creators of projects and have learned about the sh*tstorm they experience through having a hugely successful campaign.   i've had my own business for years; taken on a huge order- plan plan plan, prepare for the worst, and yet- something goes wrong that i could never foresee.  it happens.  we are human.  we are not perfect beings.
my jacket has been sitting in their warehouse for 4 days, i called them up asking them wtf...and they were like..oh, we found your jacket, we will deliver it on monday...grrr
@ ken newell - your comments from about 2 hours ago are well taken and understood. your analogy of a restaurant is ironic. just the other day i completed a review on a restaurant my wife and i dined at for valentine's day. the food was excellent and i rated it as such. but the fact that we were seated next to the kitchen entrance, while the couple after us (without reservations) got a good window seat did not sit well with me (pun intended). needless to say, the hostesses did not get a good rating. so, yes, we can - and should - evaluate the different components on their individual merits. i don't disagree with your point on that. but we should not say the product is shoddy (if it isn't) because we know their service is bad. i think what you - and others - are saying is that even if the product is great, you cannot recommend baubax because of the way the overall project was handled.
thank you very much @karen - looks great!
thank you very much @karen - looks great!
@imee cong don't worry i'm sure it will look fine :) just a reminder, the jacket comes with 3 pen refills. i found them by accident! it doesn't say anywhere in the box where they are. front left pocket, the one the tag is on.
karen ho, thank you for the photos. i ordered large because i currently wear 12-14. hopefully it won't be too loose on me because it seems like the medium fit you really well. now i'm nervous about the fit!
the bombers look great
nm your other post just loaded for me
@karen what type of jackets did u order?
@helen wong single order of black medium bomber here. i wonder about mixed orders too.
ah sorry forgot to rotate the photo! just a little more info. i got medium and i usually wear around size 12. arm and body length is good, shoulders fit really well.
i have far more confidence in baubax still then most of the backers complaining on here. :p
@maike m. here are two pics. http://tinypic.com/r/2nrdbna/9 and http://tinypic.com/r/2a8gjrd/9. size medium. both my husband and i find the jacket really well made, and the stitching's really good. zippers are ykk :) wasn't expecting that so that was a nice surprise. the fit is good too, not baggy around the waist, looks good as well as being practical. one thing i don't love is the snap button on the drink pocket. a little too pronounced, but not a huge thing imo. all in all i'm a happy customer. timing-wise i don't know about other backers but i'm happy as it really wasn't much of a delay. i'm backing another project from april 2014 and it still hasn't delivered. i know it's not great to compare one bad apple against another bad apple but i don't think baubax fits into that category at all. updates-wise they've also done a much better job! ok i know it's hard to be happy if you haven't received your jacket yet but it'll come soon and i think you'll like it :)
this is the kind of update we were looking for --- from another project i backed notice it is ok to say i don't know, but they keep us informed: as chinese new year has now wrapped up and several of our factory partners have come back to work, we are working with them to optimize the design to make it manufacturable while being as water resistant as possible. we do not have exact results yet for the vu pulse waterproof rating, but the product will indeed be water resistant. we will keep you informed regarding the design and share the water resistance results as they become available. our goal is to provide a water proof product, but that may not be possible, it may only be possible to provide water resistance that for example would allow you to shower and wash your hands, but not go swimming in a pool. we want to be clear, our goal is waterproof, but we do not want to mislead or make promises that we cannot meet as we strive on being a honest and quality brand.
and btw, you just lost another repeat customer and though i will give a fair review of your product if and when i got it, i will also make sure review readers knows what sort of company they are dealing with. dictatorial censorship of unfavorable comments, ostrich mentality, unrepentant, condescending, lack of transparency, well the shit list goes on.
the latest update reeks of utter arrogance, what a d*ck!! there's not a shred wanting to amend relationship, sincere apology and just throwing the people that kickstarted your business under your boots. this will be a case study on how to make sure you have disastrous pr i'm also gonna repeat jess thetip comment in a more public area (i think more people should see this and think) : this update really should have started with a 'mea culpa' and ended with 'people love this shizz' not 'omg aren't we so on top of it?' and then a buried 'sorry, not sorry'. when i actually receive my jacket i'll give it a fair review, but i'll also be giving my opinion of the company that produces it. if baubax was a boyfriend, i would have dumped him months ago.....
re: change of address:- addresses were able to be changed until very late in the campaign, but you can't change address with baubax now, it's too late. the delivery addresses are in the hands of delivery logistics in hk or in the states, depending upon where you live. confirmation emails are reported as being sent out. it may be possible to redirect your delivery via the courier service. otherwise, you will need to arrange to have your package forwarded to you. re: tracking numbers:- of those who have posted that they have received their jackets already, some have confirmed receiving an email confirming shipping. hopefully these emails contain tracking numbers. re: i haven't received my jacket:- please read the latest update, it was emailed to you, it's in you "activity" section of your kickstarter account, and it's posted under the updates tab here. re: has anyone received a jacket? post pictures:- yes! backers in hong kong and one backer in brazil have reported receiving blazers, bombers and a sweatshirt. scroll down through the comments from yesterday and today to find reviews and links to photos. re: i haven't got a survey:- surveys were sent late september, early october. they were emailed to the address registered with kickstarter. i suggest sending an email to support@baubax.com to try and resolve this. re; stop sending updates:- you are in the minority here, most complaints were about the communication from the creators not being sufficient.
@marc nashaat, re-read the update: north america shipping starts next week. @alison villariveta, yes people have received their jackets. they not only commented here but also posted links to pictures. scroll back. there are also pictures on fb.
seriously stop sending anymore updates and just send me my product. btw china only closes for 15 days, not 3 weeks.
would we receive a tracking number of shipped?
is there still time to change delivery address?
@alison: yes
i wanna see the sweatshirt! please hongkong people post some pictures :3
i call first dibs on alex and kat's.  please contact me for shipping address.  thank you in advance.  i anticipate your customer service will be excellent.
has anyone, i mean anyone actually received their jacket? you would think that at least one person would post that they did or post a picture.
i am in hkg, but i still havent received any tracking information from them. i order two bomber.
sorry bruce,  part of the review i will be giving these jackets will be based on the customer service record of the company as well.  the jackets might be good jackets in the end but their customer service record to date has to taint any review of the jackets as well.  if i go to a store or use a product, the service i receive forms part of the  opinion of that service or product.   if you go to a restaurant and have the most spectacular meal, but it took 2 hours to get to you and the server was rude and obnoxious, that is going to form part of any decent review.  when i read a review i want to know if this company i want to do business with and what potential issues i may face when dealing with that company.   here the reviews of the jackets should have a review of the company as well in order to assist future buyers.  if it isn't then you are merely setting potential future buyers up for error or misinformation.
any updates on canada shipments?
how do i check if mine was shipped? i learn i pledged the project i was in the usa, and would have been in september. i have since gone home.
@ alex - thanks. i assume you are referring to my second, shorter comment. :)
wow kat. so much anger in your posts. :|  i'll be honest here : many of whom you think are from the "baubax -can-do-nothing-wrong camp" have actually been very critical of baubax. it's just that we probably have higher tolerance than ordinary that we manage to try and calmly reply to many of the angsty people here. frankly speaking, i feel disappointed for you that you'd be so keen to give into personal attacks in addition to your already-objective observations of how things are run by baubax. i dont know if you're a professional or what, but i sure hope that you're not like that in your career. cheers man, at least there are people receiving jackets.
thanks bruce. you express yourself well.
hopefully, that will be my last (long) dissertation. i apparently have too much time on hands also.
@ kat - "haters" probably was too harsh a word, like alex's use of "cowardly" this morning. i accept your response to my comments as a reasonable counter to my comments. but the fact that you apparently will refuse to even consider the jackets' quality or usefulness just because of the way you feel you have been treated is a little shortsighted, in my opinion. at least donate the jackets to charity so someone who doesn't have any jacket can have one. i do have to disagree with your comment that my "view is clearly in favor of baubax." actually, i have been critical of baubax on a number of occasions. last summer, during the campaign, i word an e-mail directly to hiral, criticizing his negative response to backers. as a former pr professional, i pointed out then and later that their pr strategy was not right. i have said on more than one occasion that if hiral were to use this project as support for his mba, the school should not grant it. baubax could be a very good case study in mba programs on how not to run a start-up company. i believe i have noted that baubax will probably not be a long-term endeavor. we both know the many reasons for that. i have repeatedly noted the delays and failed schedules. i have pointed out that baubax, like many other ks projects, do poorly because they have a great idea but no experience in running a company. i have also raised the issue, that no one else seemed to address, about the potential for poor quality work because it was a rush project. however, the little anecdotal data we have so far seems to belie that point. let's hope the quality is acceptable, or your criticisms will pale in comparison. so, i don't think it correct to say that i "favor" baubax.  it's just that i have tried to use a more professional approach - and a more moderate and civil tone (in most cases) - than others who have railed against baubax and been on the verge of vicious in some of their criticisms. regardless, when i get my jacket - if the quality is good - i will have a product i can use. i will have enjoyed my time on this comments page, and will miss a lot of the folks here. i won't buy another jacket from baubax - not because of their problems - but simply because i don't need another one. i've got too many windbreakers already. as i told alex recently, i probably will stop pursuing ks projects - but not because of baubax. too many other failed and poorly done projects are the bigger reason.
@celise menaces, re-read the update. orders are shipping but not all have shipped yet. you'll get an email with your tracking number when your jacket is shipped.
if one that lives in hong kong hasn´t received his jacket yet what about me??? i live in rio de janeiro, brazil! and how do i know it's been shipped? where´s my tracking number???
while everyone agrees that the communication could/should had been better, to call them unethical i think is a leap.
i only have one comment. i've been told in advance it will be smug so brace yourselves.. i'm sad about the unethical, dishonest way in which so many companies behave towards the very customers that create their wealth. what has happened with their communication or anything is not life and death or anything truly important but all the same baubax's treatment of their customers - of us - is the selfish modern world in a microcosm.
was meant for lin's question
*sigh* that question was answered just five comments below....by two different people
@kelvin lam - thanks for the pictures of your baubax jacket! may i know which country are you living in and when did you receive the jacket?
@kelvin lam - thanks for the pictures of your baubax jacket! may i know which country are you living in and when did you receive the jacket?
if international orders have shipped. where is my tracking number???
i live in hk and i have not received it yet.... how ironic
i can't wait to wear my jacket . in the summer. during 90* weather. brilliant.
@kat good for you. all of us have varying views and opinions, and while this project's community may not be the most hospitable or ideal, we can still agree to disagree and that is always the hardest part.
i still haven't even received a email on where and how i can tell these guys what i want from them, nothings been shipped to me, and i haven't received a confirmation. very sloppy campaign.
chris, *some* international orders have shipped, and the rest will be shipped in the coming days. when yours is shipped, you should expect to receive confirmation.
@chris: not all international orders were shipped yet (if you do some math based on the update and the number of orders outside na)
@m.a.  'nuff said. i don't bash people for their support of baubax.  they can feel however they like about the matter.  that they somehow feel it's fair game to bash people who feel differently than they do, well, that's just mystifying. i will save all remaining salvo for reviews where they will count. cheers.
so if international orders have shipped. where is my tracking number??? been waiting patiently forever for this. now i'm just starting to get annoyed.
@bruce: i have to give you credit for trying, but you are not dealing with a reasonable person.
@kat there is validity in your statements(and i hold to them as much as you do), but may i suggest directing it via online reviews or other review sources maybe more helpful than hitting it on people here? as i told alex before, light the fire when and where is matters. :)
bruce, you can't call us baubax "haters" and then speak to the spirit of "fairness". your view is clearly in favour of baubax, in spite of their failings on so many levels, and that is entirely your right. it is entirely up to the "haters" (rather - the people who are decidedly unhappy with the lack of clear, forthright and timely communication) to determine, for themselves, what they want to do with their jackets and review of baubax. i don't know when it became fashionable to forgo common courtesy, service and positive pr no matter how well put together a product is, when determining how one rates a company and their experience with that company. my criticism has not coloured my view of baubax.  baubax has coloured my view and resulted in my criticism. that said, i don't care if the bomber is gold lined (since it clearly isn't fleece lined anymore).  i don't care how well manufactured the final product is.  i will not be gifting the ones intended as gifts nor will i ever wear the two i wanted for myself.  i don't, won't, reward companies who treat their customers badly.  in all "fairness", rewarding companies with bad business practices only encourages them to keep treating their 'customers' badly.
@owen that maybe true, but instead of doing hard tactics on her, here's to hoping some soft-touch will do the trick :p
@m.a.: your words might be falling on blind eyes(can't really say deaf ears as, well, they aren't spoken...that i know of, kat might be using text to voice for all we know).
@amanda email support@baubax.com if they say that's a no go when you receive your shipping confirmation you should be able to contact the service they are using to update the address.
@bruce  agreed, while we may have our reservations on baubax's comms and pr issues, when it comes to reviewing it, let's be frank and honest for the sake of future buyers. @kat i completely understand what you are inferring, if you read my earlier comments on the baubax page, you will see that i have also had my fair share of "battle scars" before you even joined in :) but i guess after awhile it takes some stepping back and trying to focus on the main issue instead of the little battles. but really, let it go, it will suit you ill continuing like this.
due to the delay i need to change my mailing address, my mail forwarding service is about to expire. i can not send a private message without getting a 404 error. how can i get a new address to you?
if the shipment has begun where can i get my shipment number or something?
@bruce gilliland: i plan on giving the jacket the benefit of the doubt when i do receive it, but baubax has lost a potential repeat customer. as for the size, i believe i did order slightly larger than what i would normally have, as i too have put on some weight since.
@ kat - i assume that your are leader, and main apostle, of the "anyone who doesn't agree with me is wrong and an idiot" faction. and will you be the one who does the criticizing of those who try to take a more moderate view of the situation?
careful, m.a., a criticism of baubax's thorough lack of consideration and communication is likely to earn you a (poorly worded) diatribe replete with personal insults from the baubax-can-do-no-wrong camp.
@ m.a. - great minds think alike.
@ kat, @ alex, @ others who hate baubax. - regardless of your views about baubax's methods and lack of communication, i hope you will take an honest and objective view of the product when you get your jackets. does it fit? is it well made? does it meet your needs for a travel jacket? what will you do with the jacket? because your dislike and criticism of baubax have colored your opinions of this project, you may not care to evaluate just the product and give some credit to the manufacturers (who may be real real heroes in this project - if the jackets are good) but i hope you will do so in the spirit of fairness.
oooh, another basement dweller chimes in @costa.  lol sad little boys.
@kat and @nick guys we are already way too late into the project to be throwing bombs at one another. honestly speaking the main issue here is on baubax's lack of proper communication and handling (which strangely many seem to disagree or refuse to acknowledge.), and while we may have differences in views, seeing the both of you go at each other's throats over a continual period of time kind of seems abit overboard. let's focus on the real issue here and lay those egos aside, it ain't a life and death situation or some battle of the keyboards project going on here.
called it! :)
@ owen, @ ed j  - that's one reason why i ordered one size larger for my windbreaker. unlike a blazer, it won't hurt if it's a little big. plus, i have also put on a few pounds in the past couple of months.
hey nick, why don't you share with us what you do besides hide behind your keyboard and criticize other backers who are critical of baubax?  what level of disrespect by a business would it take, i wonder, to tick off a smart mouthed (but clearly non too bright) millennial?  what happened to the 'i don't play like a grade schooler' comment you made?  oh right.  i disproved that entirely by all the mocking you've done toward so many others here. you seem to have a little big man complex, trying to be funny - but failing, trying to be clever - but failing while trying to proclaim you are above all the stuff you instigate with your juvenile taunts.  you're a boy in long pants who sorely needs to grow up.
gee, i go outside to work in the yard for a few hours - and the world comes to an end!! @ alex - you called it right - an "update" on friday (u.s.) -however the only things i learned from the "update" that i did not already assume or predict are: 1) european orders will come from hong kong, not the u.s.; 2) the number of hong kong orders already delivered. that last one did surprise me. i thought we would have heard from more backers than the half dozen or so that have posted here. the update did confirm what i had said several times (sorry about that) that they were not yet shipping u.s. orders due to shipping and customs delays. other than the photos, the "update" really did not tell much too much more than i already suspected. but at least we have a new schedule. let's hope they can actually meet a schedule for a change and start shipping within the next week.
@nick: oh oh.. now you done it!
@kum abi, how much reais were you charged by customs? i haven't received mine yet, no tracking was given to you?
i know that this comment may get lost in the 6,000 others, but i thought this was my only chance to potentially get heard. i am leaving for guatemala with the peace corps at the end of march. i was really hoping to have this jacket with me for my service. i know that us orders are still being processed; i was just hoping that there would be some way to speed up delivery to my area. otherwise, i am afraid i will have left the country and not be able to utilize this bomber for 2 and a half years. the idea of that is really disappointing.  thanks!
kat dawson is already out the gate and racing, looks like a delayed start for alex jarman, i'm sure we'll see him and his pony race out soon enough! hey kat, what is your business anyway? i'd really like to know so i can avoid it like the plague, i'm really worried about annoying you and ending up with a voodoo doll or me being thrown on a fire somewhere! seriously, the whole cutting it up and burning it thing out of spite is worrying, seek help!  and you still haven't told us how things went with your litigation lawyer friend! we're all sooo so so so keen to hear!
we get and update and some of you people are still not happy.  geez!  of course they aren't going to say "we screwed up"! business 101 - you never ever talk badly about your business, especially when you are trying to attract more partners. seriously some of you need to just get over yourselves.  we got an plate that we have been waiting for, they explained why the didn't put one out earlier, explained why there was a longer delay, and we know jackets are being shipped.  what the hell more do you want!?!?
for those who have received their jackets, did any of you guys receive a tracking number? or any kind of "heads up, we're sending you a thing" notification? or did it just show up one day?
half of me hopes that i ordered the right size, half of me hopes i didn't so i can sell it...
blue bomber looks so good, awww... but i ordered a red one.
don't forget, these are travel jackets, not winter jackets.
@rolts how much you think you would be able to raise?! if it's anything above 5 million.. count me in as a team member..
hahahahahha @rolts for the new project funding idea!!!
@owen: just heading out for a bike ride. balmy 27degrees c here.
nowhere near...guess i'll have to dig into my granola bar stash instead....or licorice cigars...might suck on one of those(they are perfect right now, rock hard!)
@ owen: how closely do you resemble betty white? you may be eligible.
@rolts: i'm hungry....would i get one? or do i need to turn up the anger?
for eu customers, you're going to ship all orders within 3 weeks, then it takes 6-8 weeks until arrival, right?  hope to get the jacket in april. looking forward for the tracking number.
@steve while i do agree that alex is going abit overboard with his comments, it's also undeniably true that baubax shot themselves in the foot in terms of the communication and handling aspect. top marks for design and maybe quality, but zero for communication and handling. not a good combination for a business start up.
@ melissa: thinking about starting a kickstarter project to fund sending out snickers to some of the backers of this project. might have reward tiers to send multiple bars to the most upset.
alex being correct doesn't make alex smug.  this "update" by the creators makes them smug.  i honestly don't get it.
@steve: pretty sure you missed it(i've been doing a lot of reading today...but i think i did see it)
so what they are saying is that the shipping of the jackets got delayed because the free plastic bottles that they're adding for delayed jacket is delayed. so jacket is delayed because of a plastic bottle for the delayed jacket got delayed...........................................................................................
i'm just hanging here waiting for alex's inevitable "i was right; i told you so" smug comment. the jackets are on their way, or will soon be dispatched. and we now know who's included in the usa distribution, and the rest of the world is coming from hong kong. for those that post about receiving their jackets, can you also comment on the blanket, if you ordered one?
melissa: he wont even read your response....
@filipo- multiple people have received and posted photos of the jacket.
@filippo - people have been posting about getting their jackets and even including links to photos. scroll down and read the comments.
id like too return, please respond
you nailed it alex!  self congratulatory, smug and essentially an eff you update. questions not answered in this update: why have we been blocking our "customers" on twitter and facebook for even the slightest negative comments?  because our mommies always told us we were special and could do no wrong so those negative nellies are the ones who are wrong!  we will not be criticized dagnabbit! why did we promise more frequent communication if we were just going to ignore you and let you speculate instead?  because we are the deciders!  yeah, you guys gave us your money but so what?  you don't deserve to be informed until we decide it's time to inform you.  how dare you try to dictate to us how we should be accountable to you, in spite of the faith and generosity you've shown us?  pffft. don't be such babies! oh, and we fully expect nothing but glowing reviews going forward because we think we deserve it and so do our moms!
now i'm really worry: no one is posting that received the jacket!!!! and after zano bankruptcy i think this time ks should keep an eye on this project.
@everyone: they can't give you the dang tracking number if it hasn't been shipped and, therefore, cannot be tracked/does not have a tracking number. so stop asking for one. you'll get one when your jacket is shipped, not before.
just give us the tracking# already.
i have not received my jacket...and it's okay. this is kickstarter- i expect s*%+ to not go smoothly. like everyone else who has commented, i would loved to have gotten my awesome travel jacket on time and had it for the multiple trips i have been on while waiting; i am sitting in slc airport as i write- but delays and snafus are the nature of kickstarter. anyhow, thanks for the update; i look forward to wearing my jacket as soon as it arrives. i have faith in you as a new company, and i think you are doing a great job!
still do not have the travel blanket reward for backing either.
well at least they finally posted a update today. figured they would once people were actually receiving their jackets
well at least they finally posted a update today. figured they would once people were actually receiving their jackets
let's start our own survey.. just to get busy till their next update including excuse for a holiday somewhere on this earth.. #1 international backer: received nothing (package or tracking no.) who comes next #2, #3 .... etc.
*repeatedly bangs head against wall*
from san diego, ca, i haven't received anything yet.
i still haven't gotten my order and it's february 19, 2016...i was promised november 2015.
@ed i dong even remember on what size did i order. i think we hve the same problem. oh no
again- all shipping (not delivery) dates were estimated.  never promised.
@ed- haha...motivation to lose weight?
i hate to be so negative, but i literally can't believe how inept this company/campaign is.  did you really have no idea about chinese new year or is that just another in a long line of excuses why you can't get your act together?  someone should have stayed in business school.  ps - thanks again for requiring our addresses 5-6 months before delivery - no chance anyone will move over that time, right?  i'm also ecstatic that you're completely unhelpful about changing addresses...  chasing down a $500 purchase is exactly the way i hope to spend my time.  glad to see that $500 went to good use.
all this negativity is bumming me out. looking back; my only regret is that..well i'm fatter. should have ordered 1 size bigger.
oz?? say something
so they say more than 50% (+4.000) of the international orders have been deliverd already? i find it hard to believe...
oz havent got one yet dang! :)
#overpromise #underdeliver so disappointed in baubax.  jackets were ordered in sept, with a thanksgiving delivery date... baubax should have promised a nov 2016 delivery date.
i literally had forgotten about you guys 'til this update. you are the biggest joke i've ever participated in/supported (...and i went to a limp bizkit show once).
they just said they'll start shipping to us next week. judging by their timeline, i should expect my jacket by mid-september. oh, joy.
new update
well, winter will be ending soon and i won't be having much of a need down here in south florida to wear the jackets i ordered. being this many months late, i'm wondering if we're ever going to receive them. i'm thinking i should have saved my 300 bones for different christmas presents. this was my first kickstarter project i supported and after this experience, likely to be my last..
@ josue ac - unfortunately, i suspect we will be here for several weeks longer at best. but thanks for keeping up with all the carrying on.
@ kristof - see my post about five comments below. so far, only a few land deliveries reported in hong kong. if anyone outside hong kong has gotten even an e-mail, let alone a jacket, they have not reported it here. there are about a dozen or so folks who have been monitoring the comments continuously and trying to keep folks updated since baubax has not done so.
guys if we ever get our jackets i'm gonna miss coming and reading y'all comments =')
@ tina - thanks for passing on the baubax message. unfortunately, this is the same canned message they have been providing for a couple of weeks now. i'm not sure if they really know when shipments will begin - "i do believe orders have started to arrive" (emphasis mine). until baubax issues an update (less likely) or someone posts that they got a tracking number e-mail (more likely), we won't know for sure when the shipments will start.
anyone from europe who got their jacket yet?
@kelvin thanks for the bomber pics :)
just got this email from baubax - good day, i do believe that orders have started to arrive at our distribution points in the us and they will start going out over this next week. as the campaign was so large it will take about 6-8 weeks to completely send out all the orders. unfortunately i don't have any information when in that period your specific order will be going out. as soon as your order goes out, a tracking number will be created and emailed to you. for international orders (outside north america), shipping has already started and should be complete in around 3 weeks) i hope that answers your question. have a wonderful day. -price
@bruce @andrew yes you guys are right the inner is some smooth fabric which feels good wearing. im not sure whats inside between the lining, but you can feel there is a layer inside, bomber is definitely a jacket for cold weather, thats why im now considering getting one more sweatshirt or windbreaker for less cold weather. the pockets are great, the large one you can definitely put a ipad inside, the features i like most are the eyemask, the pen, pocket with a cloth, the inner gloves and the earphone holder. i have taken a few more photos of the bomber, i guarantee you this jacket worth the wait~ https://www.dropbox.com/sh/bu9gh5qz40f1bbq/aacydoqmhjyu22numo0dm5-1a…
@ owen - well, your point has just been proved. @ peter - here is what i re-posted about 4 hours ago (and originally yesterday), and about 15 comments down. i will say that these are my opinions based on what little information has been received by backers from baubax. but it probably the best we have until baubax releases an "update." @ u.s. shipments - the comments posted today [now yesterday] and attributed to baubax support are not really much different that what we had seen a week or more ago. the jackets "are arriving/have arrived" and "it will take 6-8 weeks to complete shipments." until we actually have a valid report of a tracking number e-mail in the u.s., that 6-8 week clock does not start. and if i counted correctly, we have only one more confirmed delivery in hong kong since early today or late yesterday [now a few more]. those are land-only deliveries. any others will require air delivery, such as to singapore. that will take longer. "so, for all you folks who have not been reading the comments yet ask, "where is my jacket," it's in a warehouse in hong kong or somewhere in the u.s. (area 51?) and it could be anywhere from tomorrow to may before you get it. until you get an e-mail from the carrier with a tracking number, there is no point in asking. no one here - or at baubax - can tell you any more precisely." as for european deliveries, it is not clear where those will come from - hong kong or the u.s. burt the same goes for them as for the u.s. - until someone reports receiving a tracking notice in your area, we cannot assume that shipments have started. i suspect for the next few days, all we will see are hong kong (land) deliveries.
have the us shipments been fulfilled? still waiting on my jacket here in florida.l and the weather is going crazy. hoping i get to wear my sweatshirt this season!
@ owen - ha ha. just a little baubax humor. ;)
i wish people would take time to read the recent comments. they might get their questions answered or see what is going on.
@ alex jarman - i was surprised earlier this morning at your "optimism" that baubax would (might) issue an update today. since they did not issue an update when hong kong backers started getting their jackets, i suspect they will not issue an "update" until the first ones go out the door at the u.s. centers. and who knows when that might be. but, believe it or not, this is one time i hope you are right and i am wrong. :)
@creeper: don't forget not everyone reads down 2-3 comments to see what someone else tells them.
@bruce- first- thanks for holding down the fort!  second- i agree about the fleece! also makes me hair static, and can look dirty pretty quickly with all the fuzz balls, etc. i am just happy people are finally receiving their jackets and have for the most part- really enjoyed them. now it's just a constant "where are mine?" *sigh* not everyone can receive at the same time.
i can't wait to get my jackets (hoodie and blazer) so i can peacefully detach myself from this company forever. the lack of communication is astounding and by not being transparent with their goals and actual expectations the negative feedback will carry with this company. the jackets that  are eventually arriving just in time for the texas summer is a bit disappointing for me because any excitement generated upon receiving the jacket will have to be stored away with the jacket until the cooler weather comes out again in the fall/winter.
glad to see so many positive quality reviews from the lucky folks we have received their jackets so far!
@wai kung can you post the pictures? i want to see the sweatshirt
@ toni, @ kelvin - kelvin can tell us better about the lining, but it looks like the inner lining is a smooth fabric. actually that can make the jacket easier to wear - to put on and take off. fleece can grab your regular garments. the question is what is between the inner and outer lining - and how much of it.
i think we will get an update today, cowardly sent out at the very end of friday so they can leave the office and absolve themselves of having to deal with any negative consequences.
i got my charcoal sweatshirt today, again, i'm in hong kong. every details are great and worth the waiting. my little disappointing is the color look like black, however, it is still fine for me.
since we have many people, from all over the world, asking "where is my jacket,' let me repeat what i said last night: "@ u.s. shipments - the comments posted today and attributed the baubax support are not really much different that what we had seen a week or more ago. the jackets "are arriving/have arrived" and "it will take 6-8 weeks to complete shipments." until we actually have a valid report of a tracking number e-mail in the u.s., that 6-8 week clock does not start. and if i counted correctly, we have only one more confirmed delivery in hong kong since early today or late yesterday [now a few more]. those are land-only deliveries. any others will require air delivery, such as to singapore. that will take longer. "so, for all you folks who have not been reading the comments yet ask, "where is my jacket," it's in a warehouse in hong kong or somewhere in the u.s. (area 51?) and it could be anywhere from tomorrow to may before you get it. until you get an e-mail from the carrier with a tracking number, there is no point in asking. no one here - or at baubax - can tell you any more precisely." as for european deliveries, it is not clear where those will come from - hong kong or the u.s. burt the same goes for them as for the u.s. - until someone reports receiving a tracking notice in your area, we cannot assume that shipments have started. i suspect for the next few days, all we will see are hong kong (land) deliveries.
robins on xda!
anyone in italy has already received it ? i have no news, no tracking, nothing... very disappointed.
to those backers who have received the bomber jacket: is it fleece lined?  or is the lining something else?  thanks!
@kelvin. thanks for posting pics of your bomber! i ordered it in the blue so it's good to see how they turned out. how are the pockets?
@helen wong baubax said that orders with one jacket would be sent out first
just wondering if there are there any backers based in hk who have ordered mixed items that have received their delivery? it seems that most of the deliveries which have been received are of the bombers only. thank you to share photos for those who have received their items! would love to see :)
@rolts  thanks for the info man, had they told us that, i wouldda given a hk shipping address.  and yeah i ordered 4 jackets, different types, just didn't order the blazer hahahahah so this might be long, i just hope they give a tracking number.
@nic uyliapco:backer order on this campaign is not relevant to delivery. two things affect delivery. 1. complexity of order, single jackets or multiples of the one type, size and colour are going out first apparently. 2. location. non-usa deliveries have started being sent out from hong kong. those with a simple order, located in or near hong kong have the greatest chance of receiving their rewards quickly. the further from hk, the more time required to get your package to you.
i'm backer 34,122... guess it'll be a while for me
@harry it seems there are hk(few), brazil(1) only
hi guys, seems like a few backers are getting impatient! i've read quite a few comments and can see that there are no u.k deliveries yet? well, either that or i've missed something. as your email said it should all be completed by late feb. i look forward to getting it as i'm sure other backers getting frustrated are merely just getting a little bit too excited. for peace of mind, could anybody tag me in a comment based in the u.k that have received their jacket? must of been a huge project to complete as the backings went through the roof.  congratulations on your success. good luck for the future. harry
@karenho - which size did you order? can you poste some pics? thanks in advance, maike
(disgracefully late and probably self-congratulating) update will be posted today
goodmorning everyone, have a backer of 2 baubax bomber, i live in italy and to date i have not received it a code tracking it, of course, the pack with the bombers. and 'possible to have some news? thanks so much regards alessandro squara
@dang khoa nguyen how do you know that? in my community it only shows which cities/countries have the most backers. is there something i am missing?
has anyone from europe or switzerland received a jacket yet?  it feels like the waiting will never end and i haven't heard anything since beginning of january?
@yen the email i received is from baubaxllc support@baubax.com
@martinlo i tried with ipad mini, surely it will not be that obvious than your blazer does, since the bomber is much thicker. (but blazer got the better looking lol) what i now thinking is to get another windbreaker or sweatshirt as these two are suitable to wear in all kinds of weather (bomber only for cold weather travel) again, well done baubax!
hi from vietnam ! south east asia should be the next to get their jackets, i'm living in saigon, i'll keep you in touch guys ;)
from baubax: hi there, on it's way? not necessarily. getting processed? most likely. the distribution company in hong kong has about 20k orders to go through and they can only do about 1500 per day so the first few thousand have been shipped out and tracking numbers have gone out. the rest are coming as quickly as they can process them.
thanks for the photo, the bomber looks good. can you try to wear it and really put a tablet in the ipad pocket? i'd try that on my blazer, it works, but won't look good. the blazer is very soft (as expected), so it can't hold it's shape when adding weight in the pockets. i assume the bomber is more rigid and can hold it's shape better. i love my blazer, and it's perfect for me to wear in semi formal environment. but i am considering to get another bomber for casual use as well (only if i can put lots of weight on it).
thanks for the pics kelvin!
fyi, for those still waiting, my one is a blue bomber xxl size https://www.dropbox.com/s/9zzkpqhf28i6mie/img_1962.jpg… https://www.dropbox.com/s/efse6gpurp8x89j/img_1963.jpg… it is perfect if baubax send the jacket with a manual....i'm still figuring those pockets
just received my blue bomber in hong kong! you won't disappoint, totally worth the wait. the bomber quality is better than i expect, looks better than the pictures in updates.
hi, did you get my change of address, or do i need to deal with tracking down my shipment?  i have not received a tracking number - should i expect one? thanks for your time...steve
i was supposed to receive this jacket november 2015. we are now middle of february and haven't received the jacket or any other information
tracking shows my jacket has been sitting at some hub for the past 3 days. hurry up and get off your ass and ship my jacket out =p
just received the red bomber jacket. it's perfectly made but the size is a bit small for me.
looks like most of the recipients are based in hk.
@karen: i would love to see pics of the bomber, as that is the style i ordered! thank you!
i wasn't quite sure how the neck pillow worked at first with it's huge hole and then, it just did! it's not got the same blow-hole as normal neck pillows.  as described, it inflates and deflates in seconds. i just told my husband we should go on that next trip so i can try this jacket out. it's gone in my closet for now :)
and i'm in hong kong
i received my bomber this morning. ladies black medium. well done baubax!!
@alex:  take a lesson from the packer nation.   r  e  l  a  x
tszlok lam, could you post pictures of the bomber? another backer did that earlier with his blazer and it was very helpful for us still waiting for our jackets!
i have made my pledge last year as an early backer for this project.  estimated delivery advised was november 2015.  to date (feb 19, 2016) still no news on delivery updates -- please confirm progress of plans and expected delivery.  weather warming up & no sight of your jacket :(
i received my bomber and its nothing short of expectation.  ps i'm from hong kong
it's almost march, and still no news regarding it. hopefully there will be a receipt for sending the jacket so that i can track it
when will be arriving in indonesia ? no information for that
where is mine one? i am in hong kong....
any confirmed delivery in the east coast?
@ u.s. shipments - the comments posted today and attributed the baubax support are not really much different that what we had seen a week or more ago. the jackets "are arriving/have arrived" and "it will take 6-8 weeks to complete shipments." until we actually have  a valid report of a tracking number e-mail in the u.s., that 6-8 week clock does not start. and if i counted correctly, we have only one more confirmed delivery in hong kong since early today or late yesterday. those are land-only deliveries. any others will require air delivery, such as to singapore. so, for all you folks who have not been reading the comments yet ask, "where is my jacket," it's in a warehouse in hong kong or somewhere in the u.s. (area 51?) and it could be anywhere from tomorrow to may before you get it. until you get an e-mail from the carrier with a tracking number, there is no point in asking. no one here - or at baubax - can tell you any more precisely.
singapore also i have not receive the jackets. hope will receive it before going overeseas.....
from baubax :  "i do believe that orders have started to arrive at our distribution points in the us and they will start going out over this next week. as the campaign was so large it will take about 6-8 weeks to completely send out all the orders. unfortunately i don't have any information when in that period your specific order will be going out. as soon as your order goes out, a tracking number will be created and emailed to you. for international orders (outside north america), shipping has already started and should be complete in around 3 weeks) i hope that answers your question. have a wonderful day."
today morning a postman pushes my door bell, wooo, the delivered item is a baubax box.. so happy and wear it as soon as i can.. product design is very good. i like it.. ps i live in hong kong.
brazil, i think. seems no bomber jackets received to date.
sorry, brazil.
sorry, brazil.
sorry, brazil.
yes, at least some people in hong kong got their jacket as well as - what was it, argentina? - please scroll down to yesterdays comments for pictures and further information.
@casualt. it's only 45,000 people. and yes, some have received tracking numbers, and some have received their jackets. scroll down to see their comments.
so out of 90000 people have anyone received a tracking number or their jacket???
'price's' (todd, i detect some of your work, are you working under a pseudonym now?) work was written by someone who perhaps shouldn't be posting updates after all, given they struggle with their own lanaguage so badly so i've corrected it for you baubax to help you with your update. "yes, they are all in the us and almost all are at the distribution points (l (no need for a capital letter here) ast few trucks are reaching the east coast warehouse). the distribution company is going through them as quickly as possible (comma) sorting and making (delete making, sorting conveys the idea) batches they can ship out in the next few days, (full stop) this (capital t) is happening. as for the delays past jan (lazy - you're not emailing a friend, write january). (comma) two solid weeks of it was because customs held our ship back and would not let us unload on time. (comma, not full stop) other then that just tiny things that pushed this or that (too colloquial, you are at work not in a bar) back and added a few days overall." d-
@alex, maybe they were just waiting for someone like me to post it here for them? regardless, consider yourself updated! now if baubax will send me my bonus jacket for doing their work for them, that would be great.
what is so hard about copy-pasting that into an update?  could they be any more stubborn and lacking in judgement?
@ryan. thanks for your post. you would think baubax could have put this sort of information in an update.
@ryan. thanks for your post. you would think baubax could have put this sort of information in an update.
after the canned response they are sending out, i asked for more information. this is what i got about an hour ago: "yes, they are all in the us and almost all are at the distribution points (last few trucks are reaching the east cost warehouse). the distribution company is going through them as quickly as possible sorting and making batches they can ship out in the next few days, this is happening. ^_^ as for the delays past jan. two solid weeks of it was because customs held our ship back and wold not let us unload on time. other then that just tiny things that pushed this or that back and added a few days overall."
@steve; at least he replies... and no it's no bs. check the container# and you can see it's correct...
@kat if you really want to be a good person, donate them to the homeless instead of destroying them in a meaningless gesture.
i'm so excited to finally have a comment of a little substance to add to the conversation (i've been lurking here constantly for updates. thanks to those like martin for info on their deliveries!) - an answer regarding us shipment method for anyone curious: hi there, i believe it will be ups for most of the orders, a few will have to be usps or other but those people will know who they are. -price
leaving aside the sloppy amateurishness and inappropriate casualness of the message "don't ave one", and "well that didn't happen"... yes it's the grotesque and condescending amazon reference but also the sarcastic and patronising "it took a bit of time to make 90,000 jackets"
@steve.  exact same way i tracked the texting glove stretch goal add-on.  through a bill of lading.  did you even look?  he's posted the bol's on facebook.  i posted a link to the gloves from the container tracking the other day.  i call bs on fauxbax.
@derek. what was your question to them to get this response? apart from the amazon reference, it seems a reasonable response. @jay. i would be taking that information with a grain of salt. that guy has been using every avenue to bag baubax as he's afraid of the competition. seriously, "rumours"?! and just how would he be able to track their delivery? i call bs.
oh the lolz! for the people who are tired of being treated as though we are the kids at a christmas dinner, "go sit at your table and leave us grownups (baubax) alone!" :-) if the methods i have undertaken to get my pledge back fail, this is what i am going to do. i will not give jackets to the intended recipients.  i will never wear mine.  never.  i refuse to advertise for such a crappy company. i will, instead, be listing pieces of the jackets for a low flat fee, on a buy now basis, on ebay.  i will be having a big bonfire. each jacket piece will have the name of an unhappy backer on it and i will share their message to baubax as i burn their piece while we film.  i thought about running a kickstarter campaign to finance this, but i actually want people to feel confident it will happen in a timely fashion and to know they will be treated respectfully. and before anyone jumps all over me with "it's real!"  "so what they're late!"  i don't care that they're late.  i never have.  that isn't the issue.  if i had run my business with even just one tenth of the utter disregard shown by the baubax people, i'd have been out on the street decades ago.  living in a van.  down by the river.
@derek that is a patronising and disgusting response from a total **** who should never work in customer service again. i thought it was a parody at first, so obscene is it. what a total, total **** how dare the customers ask when they might get something they have paid over £100 for? how dare the customers ask for an update when it is months late? how dare the customers ask what is going on with deadlines that were suggested by the manufacturer themselves? baubax, sneering at our own customers since 2016...
think hiral sanghavi is confused with reading kellogs cornflakes boxes and thinking he can run a business
v
seems baubax already received their shipment feb 2 in the us... https://www.facebook.com/sevscottjordan/posts/10205426557730259
this is what i got today: hi again, so... i think you have us confused with amazon, i know they are awesome and can get you your hearts desire in 2 hours or less, but we just are not that cool yet. november was a realistic date back when we started, and thought we might get 200-500 orders, well that didn't happen. we got over 90,000 orders instead. 4 months ago we didn't even have a completed product yet, and it took a bit of time to make 90,000 jackets and make sure they are made correctly and then ship said 90,000 jackets (-the 20,000 left in hong kong for international orders) to the us. as far as the 6-8 weeks that's a time frame that we think it will take until the last order goes out, (most people will have it much sooner). i'm sorry i can't give you an exact date, i really don't have one. and won't ave one until the day the distribution company send it to you. i hope i have been able to clear up any misunderstandings and wish you a wonderful day. -price what a horrible company...seriously regret backing this company.
@owen. they also popped up (unexpectedly) on here to provide a link to an external sales site (expectedly).
@josef: you won't ever get an answer from them here in the comments. last time they commented here, if i'm not mistaken, the campaign hadn't even ended.
all i just want its an answer from them and tracking number
orders have started to arrive at our distribution points and they will start going out over this next week." endlessly copy-pasted since mid january... poor tod's control, c and v buttons must be worn through.
@moria i dont think it's right. that website leads to the baubax if you press buy now, which leads to indiegogo, which sells the jackets in higher prices.
@ moira trautman: the website you looked at simply links to the baubax website offering on indiegogo. if you follow the links, no jackets are available at that price. the link original referred people to kickstarter where the 'super early special' was $89, hence that price. the jackets are available as pre-order on touch of modern and on amazon at higher retail prices than was paid for this campaign.
i got this email update from a question i asked 3days ago explaining the containers just arrived and their beginning to send them out in a week. so april/may delivery agent 005 (baubax) feb 18, 13:23 good day, i do believe that orders have started to arrive at our distribution points in the us and they will start going out over this next week. as the campaign was so large it will take about 6-8 weeks to completely send out all the orders. unfortunately i don't have any information when in that period your specific order will be going out. as soon as your order goes out, a tracking number will be created and emailed to you. for international orders (outside north america), shipping has already started and should be complete in around 3 weeks) i hope that answers your question. have a wonderful day. -price
well.. they have blocked me on twitter. i suggest they just refund me, i don't need a jacket from a company where freedom of speech does not exist. if this is what they teach you at kellogg how to run a business, it's a shame. never again i want to hear/see anything from you. keep the jacket, even if you don't refund me. i will refuse it when you try to deliver.
i am totally disappointed in the company. kickstarter backers have been waiting for months past the original delivery date and now you are selling the jacket for cheaper on another site. shame on you! i am little more than annoyed that not only will i have waited way longer than i would have like to i also paid a premium price to wait this long and still not have a jacket. this whole situations stinks of bs. http://thegadgetflow.com/portfolio/baubax-the-worlds-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features/
still no email or items for me, please update the group.
@yen it says directly that its from baubax. (i just got an email with tracking number and it says this on the sender section).
hello i would like to know when i am going to received the package, i have not received an email with tracking information. is there someone can help me with this?? i really appreciated. thank you.
@ owen, @ megan - i have said before that if and when we get an "update" from baubax, it will be to announce that shipping has started. anything else would have to be "negative," and i doubt they will do that. only after we get the update, or some folks post that they have gotten e-mails, can we really estimate delivery dates. i had said sometime back that i thought deliveries would extend through march into april. owen's prediction pushes it further - to the last of april for completing deliveries. that is based on earlier statements from baubax support that would take 6-8 weeks to complete shipments. baubax has not said, but i suspect shipping and customs delays are holding up u.s. deliveries.
i echo what's been said. some timetable as to when we'll get tracking numbers will be much appreciated...
@bruce gilliland: i'm projecting about mid to late march is when us/canada backers will be getting tracking numbers. possibly later, shocking if sooner.
@ david - good point. i will remember that for future posts. @ chirag, @ philip - so far, no one that posted here that they have gotten a tracking number e-mail. once we hear from one or two u.s. backers they they have gotten tracking numbers, then we can guess when we night see our jackets in the u.s. i suspect it will take a few weeks once they get started.
has anyone in pennsylvania gotten theirs yet?
anyone in the us get tracking numbers?
there is another option - the person from brazil said they didn't get tracking info because they had to pay duties.  so it's possible that you will get no tracking info but will be contacted by customs to arrange duty payment, at which point you may be able to provide alternate shipping info.
@ chun hung - you have a couple of options. 1. when you get your tracking number e-mail, contact the carrier to see if they can re-direct the shipment to your new address. 2. see if someone at your old address can receive the package and hold it for you or re-ship it to you. based on a response from another backer who contacted baubax support about this same issue, they did not get any help from baubax at this point. all addresses have been provided to the shipping centers.
still waiting in france! i wish i can get my jacket before next week , otherwise i don't know how can i receive my jacket cuz i will move to paris . j'en ai marre d'attendre!
@ jaspreet - if you will check other recent comments, you will see that a few jackets and tracking notices have just started coming out of the hong kong distribution center. my guess it that it will take at least a few weeks to get all the jackets shipped to asian and pacific backers. you are one of nearly 2,400 backers from singapore.
from singapore, i still havent got any word on when i will get my product. christmas and chinese new year sales have come and gone, and i'm still without a jacket for the freezer which is my office. baubax llc, what's the problem? you'd garnered 9+ million usd in funding and still there is this much delay?! the product had better be stellar otherwise i don't think many people are going to be buying from you again.
from hk. i just received my tracking number email from baubax llc
i know how these delays go , but i backed this project before i conceived a child, and now i'm at the halfway mark. it will be interesting to me if i get all my jackets, plus the additional one i ordered as a gift after my baby is born. if i get them before hand i won't be able to use them for awhile.  an update that all the product arrived at the factories at the end of jan would be nice...
tracking number? it has been a long time with no communication.
jimmy leung may i know what's their email address which send u the tracking number? i also received a mail from floship but not so sure is it from baubax
i lived in hong kong and i just received my tracking number email ten mins ago.  hope i'll get my jacket in the next day or two, it's about fxxking time.
from singapore and i really really really hope they will arrive before i fly off for my honeymoon first week of march! really positive to see those who have already received :)
@rolts, thanks, got it!
@ andreas; it's to the right of the comments tab. if you are using the mobile site, you may need to rotate your screen to the landscape to be able to see the tab, or scroll to the right.
where can i see the community tab?
new community tab, singapore top cities :o
@ ran ehrlich: the community link lists the backers' countries. try refreshing the page.
from hong kong, nothing yet :p hope it will come soon hahahaa
hello! it has been mentioned that a geographic shipping breakdown was published in the community, but i can't see it. can someone please send a picture of it? thanks!
if they're coming all the way from hong kong, surely european deliveries will take a week or so. i'd guess first ones next week??
anyone in europe received their jackets?
@wei- it rarely ever had to do with backer number.  as they've said before, they're starting with individual item orders first, as opposed to those who ordered more than one item.  location, customs, etc are also factors.
just when i am running out of money and wanting to ask for a refund people are getting their jackets #neverlucky
my backer number is 21508. anyway, i believe that i just hit the jackpot (live in hong kong, single jacket order, etc), nothing to do with the backer number. also, i did upload some pictures yesterday, you may check the old post, the link is there.
would be great if those who got their jackets would enlighten approximately what backer number they are......so that i too could estimate a time frame...of when i would get mine
any folks in the uk received one yet?
hi, is it possible for those that actually got the jacket to post some pictures of it online? i'd really like to see how the actual product looks :)
from singapore. have not received anything yet. glad to hear others have received! i will update here too when i receive mine :) let's update each other since the creators dont update haha
wow...i picked a day to stay away from ks!! so happy to hear that jackets are being received!! delight! joy!  now to avoid "where's mine?"  steady folks... they are being shipped! that's good news!
in oz - still no word.
anyone receive one in australia yet?
has anyone received a sweatshirt in canada yet?
@martin lo @kum abi thanks for the review and good news that backers are starting to receive the jackets!!! mine will still be a long way as it will be the 2nd last to ship...... and i will still have to clear the tax before i could get them.....
i am in san francisco, still not receiving the products (i bought 2 items). what's the eta? i've been very very very patient with your delay since nov last year. now it's mid feb and i demand an answer.
what the heck is happening here??
well, been just over a month...i think it's time for a status update.  whether they think they should do that or not we are owed one at this point.
@ taylor chen - the comments from baubax support about addresses is essentially the same thing i told another person earlier today - and the same thing that's been said by others ever since the addresses were locked down a few weeks ago. but i will repeat it again in case it might help. when you get the e-mail from the carrier or shipping center with the tracking number, contact the carrier to see if they will re-direct the package to your new address. i understand you think they might not do that. i had a carrier in the u.s. charge a small fee to bring my package to my work address when there was no one home to sign for it and they would not leave it. of course, this assumes that you get the e-mail before the package is delivered. i have had packages beat the notice. and this assumes that the carrier serves your new address area. since you live in australia, check with rolts to see if he can pick it up for you. he's always been helpful.
well, three down and only 44,946 to go. glad to hear kum abi's comments on the windbreaker. that's what i got for myself.
i'm from australia. saying the courier company has my old address doesn't mean that it's sent though... i feel like their response is simply one of 'pushing it under the carpet'
that is excited news! where are you based?
this is what i got when i asked if its ok to change address. you guys might be interested. hi taylor, as you might be aware that our jackets have already started shipping and some of our backers have already received their orders. your order is probably in transit or being dispatched and we are unable to make changes in the address. however, we will provide the carrier details and contact number along with the tracking number for your package. you can reach out to them and redirect your package delivery to your new address or make alternative arrangements. thanks, melissa
@ pam tichy: from the last update:- for all non u.s. orders 50% of the jackets are already sitting in our hong kong warehouse, with the rest in transit. shipping will begin at the end of january and run through february for all non u.s. orders. for u.s. orders the jackets are also in transit from our overseas facility and will arrive at our u.s. warehouses (we have both east and west coast facilities) by the end of january. once our u.s. warehouses have the jackets, shipping to u.s. based backers will begin immediately and run through february.
@ david; it's like there is a fracture in the time/space continuum and an alternative universe campaign is appearing in parallel.
@ pam tichy: where is your jacket listed as shipped as of january 14? was that info from the update or did you get a delivery email from the courier?  if it was not a delivery email from the courier, you might need to re-read the last update. it gave approximate time in months only, and the update was posted on january 15. p.s. you couldn't have paid in august. backers don't get charged by kickstarter until campaigns close. this campaign did not close until september 3. you were charged then or soon after.
why is my final shipping date listed as january 14, over a month ago, but no jacket in sight?  i paid last august.
great seeing jackets being delivered outside of hong kong! (brazil) as professor farnsworth would say, "good news everyone!"
hey regine, good news!  can still be a christmas gift.  it comes every year.  and there are always more trips!
this was suppose to be a christmas gift.. and also travel jacket before my trips.  christmas till now, im going to my 4th trip already.. when can i finally wear my jacket for my trip.
owen, this is specifically related to people complaining about shipping/fraud/scam while others are asking backers about how they like their jackets.
@david: this is nothing. back when exploding kittens project was still live, there was anywhere from 5-30 conversations going at anyone point. when the oatmeal came in and was drawing people's comments, that got insane. we kept conversations going, with 30-40 comments between saying random stuff for him the draw. just ask melissa "taser creeper" nicole about that, as she is also someone from that campaign.
@alex heresy!
@david - it's worse on facebook
kum abi think you could post some pictures? i ordered the bomber and am trying to get an idea of what to expect. would love when i got home from work it to be there, and they just never sent shipping notifications. 10 million dollars would be nice too though.
how is it even possible that there are two completely different sets of conversations going on here right now?
will you ever actually ship us anything, or do we write this off as a kickstarter scam?
well this is becoming a common theme for me on kickstarter, delayed shipping, with no tracking details and no updates and what the hell is going on.
congratulation kum abi! agree that the pillow itself is very comfortable and easy to use (better than my expect). did it store well on the windbreaker's hood?
awesome! thanks for the info!
yatta!! received today my windbreaker jacket and i am in love with it already. perfect timing given the rainy weather here in sao paolo, brazil. i wore it today and it repels water quite well but i can't use it in heavy rains bcoz the gloves seem to be made up of cotton or polyester. i wish they had made these gloves detachable like in martin's blazer. i know they never promised detachable gloves but it would be nice to have them detachable in all the styles and not just blazers. most likely i'll just cut them off and suggest baubax designers to have them detachable in future versions. i never received the tracking number but i had to pay duties and sign upon delivery. i am not surprised bcoz ect brazil is known for not being prompt with sending tracking numbers or updating them in real time. by the way the pillow design is genius! it inflates exactly with 2 blows and easily deflates when you press the valve. exactly how they hav shown in video. i love it! also the pillow fabric is very plush and comfy. over all i like the jacket and it fits me well. can't wait to try it on my next flight to tokyo.
hi there - can you send out another update? i'd really appreciate it.
@ martin; thank you for your comprehensive review.
thanks david, i didn't follow all the updates, sounds reasonable to me.
supplementary info to my last post. the sunglasses pocket can only store a small bottle of drink, not the large one. there is a tiny cap at the tip of the pen, you have to remove it before use. no matter if i wear watch or not, half detach the build in gloves will make me much easier to put them on / off. also, the glove in the sleeve can serve as the hand rest (when using mouse etc) if you do it right.
where is my jacket i ordered so long ago lol?
they removed the bottle opener a stretch goal as people were concerned about losing it when going through airport security.
just did some more tests. the half-scoop gloves is a bit short (that's why we call it half-scoop), the size is just ok for me. i can wear it and use my iphone like with bare hand (except the touch id, of course). the sensitivity is very good (better than i expect). i have 3 pairs of gloves that can use on touch screen, if only consider sensitivity, this is the best (may be because this is the thinnest as well). however, i must emphasis that there is no screen protector on my iphone. in my past experience, this kind of glove not working very well with screen protector. anyway, these half-scoop gloves slim fit inside the hand warming pockets. due to the blazer's design, i don't think the hand warming pocket is really good for hand warming. but that's extremely good for store the half-scoop gloves. one on each side, it will looks like nothing inside the pocket. the ipad pocket of course can fit the ipad (except the ipad pro), i can put my 1st gen ipad (with case) in there. however, as expected, the jacket can't hold it's shape because the weight. it works, but won't look good. however, if i want to sleep on an aeroplane, this is the best place to store my ipad to avoid thief. also, this pocket is a very good place for boarding pass. it's much bigger than usual pocket, good for large / long but thin / light weight stuff. the sunglasses pocket is quite big as well. i can easily fit a bottle of drink at there. of course i won't do it, because it will make me look really funny. but if my hands are full, sure that's the way to go. i am not sure if the zipper pen suppose to be a bottle opener as well. anyway, it is not. the pen work, the stylus work. i didn't expect there will be any issue on this function. even though it's not a very useful function for me, but i quite like it. imo, it actually make my jacket looks better. and my kids love it. also, there are 3 the ball pen refills which is in the left inner pocket (the sunglasses pocket). if you put the hood on and run. the eye mask may drop. this is the biggest problem so far. the eye mask must stored properly before wear the hood, which will cause few more second to wear the hood. or tighten the hood (after you wear it) may also about to prevent the eye mask drops out. the worst looking thing so far is the super long string which is for tighten the hood. however, there are plenty of way to hide it in this jacket. not a problem at tall, simply use 5 seconds to hide it, and then looks good again. a quick summary. so far, i like 1) the colour, design 2) the gloves (both build in / additional) 3) the zipper pen, and the refills. 4) the big ipad pocket (not for storing ipad during walking etc, but as anti thief storage when sleep) 5) comfortable (including the pillow, gloves, eye mask, etc) 6) the warning label on the box, so i won't cut my jacket. (you may call me idiot, but i did think about use the knife to open the box carefully. end up i use scissors to open it with no risk) i don't like 1) the way to store the pillow, make the hood looks bulky. 2) the eye mask may easy to drop out when i only want to wear the hood. 3) it's hard to use my apple watch if i wear the build in gloves. (this has quick fix, since the build in gloves is actually detachable, i can half detach it to make a hole for my apple watch). 4) the string on the hood is too long. 5) the bottle opener is missing 6) lack of user manual area that i am natural, or as per my expectation, but no good or bad 1) the drink pocket is basically just a pocket, i can't imagine that i will actual use it as per original design. but i don't think any jacket can handle a can of drink well but still looks good anyway. 2) the material is soft, so, comfortable, but the jack can't hold it's shape if carry extra weight in the pockets. 3) the water bottle, good to have, but no specific pocket for that. it can be stored inside the ipad pocket, but again, won't look good (if the bottle is fully loaded). 4) not slim fit on waist, but as discuss with other backers, if too fit, the pockets will become completely useless. in fact, i think it still looks good with the current cutting. 5) the delay, i do expect that. however, i am sure they can handle it in a better way.
@alex the 1000? sleeping with the fishes maybe? *kiddin*
martin lo thank you!
@owen i agree with you and, for once, not sure that i do with you @david m. these feel like the real shipments that have, after all been sitting in the hk warehouse for a month. the us ones are more problematic. it's just conjecture but probably best if i don't say what i think really think happened to the supposed consignment of 1,000.
@martin thanks a lot for sharing everything and cheers to your jacket...
carol berkow, the email i've got was sent from support@floship.com
@martin -- you're right, it does look a little funny.  (thought it might, that's why i asked.) @deanna -- i wouldn't hold my breath.  there are no reports of us backers receiving tracking numbers.
my son is leaving for ireland next week and this was ordered to be a christmas gift for this trip. any chance at all it will be delivered soon?
hi michael chorney, the drink pocket is the left outer pocket (the one that you normally will put the pen at there). i can easily fit a can of drink at there. of course will look bit funny, but it work at expected. the can will hold at the position, won't bouncing around. the pocket is not very deep, it's size is exactly the same as the can, so, everyone can easily see the shiny top of the can. anyway, the photo is here. https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/12081875/img_0450.jpg
might need to refresh the page to show them.
the 4 tabs: campaign, updates, comments, community.  if its not visible to you then maybe they have not rolled it out to everyone yet.
@david where?
if anyone's interested the new community link has a geographic breakdown of where orders are going.
@david markland: it is kind of suspicious that we never did hear about those test shipments except in the few updates...but i think these might actually be the real shipments to all backers, not the test shipments.
i'd be willing to bet the shipments that have gone out are part of the mysterious test shipments, not the actual start of the full delivery run.
@ alex - actually, over the next few weeks, everyone should check their junk folders if they don't get a tracking number e-mail once others start reporting they got theirs, both in the u.s. and elsewhere.
@pamela -- in the original post, they said it was delivered by dpex hong kong.  not sure that info helps those of us in na.
i'm wondering (and actually surprised no one has asked yet) were the jackets that have been received delivered by the post office or by a courier service (purolator, fedex, etc)
can anybody tell me what is the email address that sent the shipping notifications?
any word on when these will all ship? i am still waiting for mine from months ago.
@martin -- can you show how the drink pocket was implemented in the blazer?  maybe a photo?
i live in hong kong. may i pick up by myself without waiting for delivery? winter will be gone. please let me know. it was supposed to be the birthday gift, which was supposed to be, in jan.
victor, it seems the half-scoop gloves are not sewn to the jacket.
@martin lo, thanks for the review and pics! @anyone else... someone commented about the free water bottle and gloves.  i thought they were just adding the water bottle as compensation.  did i misread something.  thanks!
@ martin lo - thank you for taking pictures. i think the blazer looks pretty good and i actually a little more relieved about the quality. i got a bomber, so hopefully those will come out.
thanks for the pictures martin! i'm really curious now how the jackets will look with ipads in them, and the other pockets in use.
i had a dream @owen that donald trump said something intelligent and baubax were straight talking with their customers. totally ridiculous! of course baubax woud never do that...
@alex: never know, stranger things could happen.
bruce, i think for now it's @non-us buyers and not yet @everyone that needs to do this :)
@ everyone - don't forget to check the junk, spam or trash folders of your e-mail account from time to time. notices from strange addresses can end up there.
@ si - you will get an e-mail sent to the address you provided when you backed the project last summer. the e-mail should contain a tracking number from the carrier delivering your jacket. only then will you know that it has been shipped. as for your moving. shipping addresses were locked down a number of weeks ago after baubax sent out an e-mail asking for address verification. your options are 1) to contact the carrier when you get the shipping e-mail and ask if they can re-direct the package to your new address; 2) ask someone at the old address to receive the package and hold it for you or re-ship it to you. you can try contacting suppport@baubax.com, but i doubt they can do anything at this point. the distribution centers are already using the addresses provided to them by baubax.
waiting from thailand......
martin lo, thanks for the pictures. it actually looks nice on you. i am looking forward to receiving mine - hopefully - soon.
can you please tell me if my jacket is shipped? i am moving and would like to provide new address if it is not shipped yet
@ bruce - i'm following the comments and just wanted to say 'hello' to underline that there are backers worldwide, but thank you for your explanation :) i did hope that there would be an european distribution center (also regarding customs fees) but we are still in the dark.... *continously checking mail, thank god there is some popcorn left
@ sergio - it's unfortunate that your blazer did not meet your expectations. at the same time, martin lo's blazer did meet his expectation, or so it appears from his comments. at least he considers his usable. i think we will see a lot of this. the same quality jacket will be acceptable to some and not acceptable to others. but we need more than two backers to give us a better picture of what we can expect. a 1-1 tie in the first minute of a game doesn't tell us the outcome of the game. i have expressed my concerns in recent weeks about what would happen if the products were not at least decent quality.
@ martin lo - glad your blazer will work for you. thanks for showing it to us and giving us details - both good and bad - about it. as someone else said, we need objective reviews of the product.
@ maike, @ sarah - baubax has never said, to my knowledge, where european orders would be shipped from - hong kong or the u.s. in either case, the hong kong shipments have just started going out in the past day. it does not appear that u.s. shipments have started. we should realize that the packing and pickup by carriers could take a few weeks at best to complete. most likely, those of us who ordered multiple jackets of different types, colors, etc., could get ours later because it will take more time to get the jackets together from different lots.
waiting my bomber in hong kong.
waiting in germany....
...waiting in barcelona...we'll see if anything will arrive before march
also from singapore. nothing received about a tracking number or any other delivery news
@tony, i'm from singapore as well, do inform if you got a tracking...thanks!!
people are getting their jackets?! :o waiting patiently in singapore.. hopefully can get it by next week.. just in time for bali trekking. fingers crossed!
#to know
the only thing you have to do oknow if your pledge is being delivered is to keep an eye on your email. asia-based backers appear to be receiving email with tracking number, starting yesterday and running for a number of weeks presumably.
@kartik, where did u see the "already delivered" msg?
@ kartik aravind raj selvarajah; does it show a green tick on your list of backed projects? you may have selected that by mistake. try selecting it again, it should clear the green tick. you are the one who selects if you have "got it!", not the project creator. if you are talking about the pop-up when you select the travel jacket from the list of backed projects, the "got it!" button turns blue when you select it. again you can deselect by clicking on it again.
@catherine lam: i'm from singapore too. mine says that it has been delivered but i've received nothing so far. i've emailed the creators but yet to receive any form of reply.
@ simon wong: your comments have not been deleted, you posted them under the last update, they are still there. i don't think anyone apart from kickstarter can delete comments posted here.
to those who have received your jackets. did u guys received the tracking number first? *waiting patiently for mine in singapore*
@martin much obliged. enjoy your jacket :)
lucky people!
hi i have not received my package or any notification on where or when my parcel will be arriving. thanks
thanks martin. kind of you to do that.
forget to mention, the build in gloves are stored inside the sleeve in my photos. they are detachable, but i am sure i will keep them there, it's one of my most favourite function of this jacket.
sure, the photos are here. i don't upload photos very often, and don't have public host for that. so, i just upload it onto my own dropbox public folder. and i will remove the photos may be few months later (expect a dead link later) this is the box you can expect. https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/12081875/img_0419.jpg this is the jacket - front. https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/12081875/img_6791.jpg this is the back. https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/12081875/img_6792.jpg n.b. 1) this is the navy blue blazer in m size. 2) photos taken by iphone 6s+ without photoshop, colour correction, etc 3) it's very dark blue, but it's not black. however, the zipper panel is black. 4) the pillow works, but i remove it, otherwise, it will make the hat looks quite bulky. 5) there are something in the pockets, but sure not the ipad. just my cheque book, the spare pen, spare buttons, the additional gloves (water bottle not inside the pockets).
yeah it says that i should receive the item within the next week (as i am non-us) but i haven't received an email to say it has been dispatched or what the tracking number is
why do you deleted all my comments? is it because you think those are not favorable to you?
@ adam orfila; please read the last update for the delivery revisions. there have been 3 backers who have reported receiving their jackets in the last few hours. all of these backers were in hong kong, which tends to fit with baubax's last lot of information.
i am still waiting on this item that i should have received in november. what is going on?
hi i'm just wondering if there is any more information on delivery
#when the jackets #science (damn keyboard)
martin, they've got huge upside potential to this. if all goes well they could become very wealthy and successful. i don't buy the argument that they don't have enough 'resource' to write a 5 minute update once a week. they can use the opportunity to tell us what know (e.g. where the jackets are) and what they can only estimate (e.g. when he jackets might be sent and revise this each week). truly it's not rocket sience or time-consuming. oh and don't forget this: "we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal."
martin lo, is it possible that you could take a photo of the product for us and upload it somewhere on the internet? i'm getting skeptical about the product and would like the photo to speak of itself for the product. i'm ordering the black blazer, so i know what to expect from my order. it's all about expectation management but as baubax already let me down so many times, i'm not sure that i should put my hope up high for them. thanks.
so far, i only backed 3 projects, both fulfil their promise (in terms of product spec / function, etc). the 3rd one is still at the developing stage, so i won't receive anything until april. both success projects are the very properly one, and both of them are the very 1st time to handle project with thousands on backers. i can understand that they have totally no knowledge, skill, etc to handle us. both project leaders were blamed that poor communication, lack of update, etc. i found that's a very common problem on the over funded project. both project leaders said that they are focus on the product quality, and no more resource on keep dealing with the complaining backers. i am also working in the industry of delay (airline), i realise that make one update to the pax with a good estimation + buffer, usually works better than multi micro update but the aircraft can never pushback. however, to give out an accurate estimation, i need experience. because air traffic control, engineering etc, they will also lie, therefore, i cannot have good estimation base solely on the info from them. when i think deeper, i realise these crowd funded companies are almost always lack of experience. so, even though they want to give out an accurate estimation, they simply have no knowledge to do it properly. they always base on what they know (e.g. info from the chinese factory which never accurate), and cannot predict what may happen (e.g. chinese new year will cause unsolvable big delay). anyway, backers, please give them some time to learn. it's so easy to blame them how hard to give out an update (after everything happened), but if we were in their position. it's really hard, gives out bad estimation (which because lack of experience) will result in "lie". do not give out any update until everything is sure, will result in "poor communication. give an update about only the fact (e.g. some parts fail the qc which cause delay), but no estimation, will result in "rubbish update"... i am not saying that they can't do it better, there are lots of room for them to improve, but they need time, they need experience, they need to learn. please give them the room to growth.
still no update and lots of negative reviews, reenforcing the fact that i'm really bummed i backed this project for a whole lot of nothing.  so... what's the refund policy here?
looks like this project is fulfilling its promise. i'm jealous and envy that some have received their jackets. *continues to wait patiently for a tracking number*
simon wong 35 minutes ago simon wong posted under the last update the following: to all the frustrated backers, i have just received my jacket an hour ago. the overall quality is ok, and the promised plastic water bottle and gloves are included. so far so good and the size is perfect on me!
it will be wise of us, who have not received our jackets, to wait a little more patiently to receive it in our hands before going into conclusions and reviews on whether the jacket has lived up to the hype. various jackets are made of different materials and is man-made (in a way) so mistakes and defects will/may happen. let's give frank and honest, and unbiased reviews, good or bad, and not let their lack of communication and poor handling of the project affect our perception before even approaching reviewing it. poor communication and terrible handling may not immediately mean a terrible product.
@rolts thanks! i just need my jacket before i fly off for honeymoon early march. their lack of updates just got me so so so so so upset �
understand that the tablet pocket make it can't be too slim fit. however, it's very easy to mod the jacket by install 2 buttons at the back and a small strap for adjustable waist size. i will ask my wife to do the mod for me. i am now wearing it, since i have something to do today, so i leave the pillow, additional gloves, water bottle at home, and only get the jacket before i leave my place. i will test those stuff later. so far, it's comfortable, surely good for long time traveling. the build in glove works very well on my hand, perfect size. however, need some time to figure how to store it properly. the blazer's material is quite soft, so, if i just leave them like a mess inside the sleeve, it may look bulky / strange on the outside. the hat / eye mask size is quite big, definitely large enough to cover the eye and block the light. by considering i won't sit straight during sleep on the plane, this little bit long hat + eye mask is actually the reasonable size to make sure they can function properly. zipper works well, shoulder width is correct, the string to adjust the hat seems too long for me. i can acecess my apple watch with the build in gloves on, not at a perfect position, but just can do. the material of the blazer is quite soft, i have a feeling that if you really put lots of stuff inside the pockets, it won't look good. the bomber's material should be more rigid, and should able to keep the shape with more weight on it. anyway, my size is m, and i am a relatively thin person (even in the asia standard), the blazer fit me quit well so far, but ymmv.
*have
@ panggil haney aje; because all of the non-usa shipments were in a hong kong warehouse. the shipments, according to the last update, arrived just before chinese new year. this meant everything was put on pause until everyone returned from their holiday. this would explain the shipping notes and deliveries that hadve just been reported, by hong kong backers.
they say they will ship my jacket end of january (bomber) and i have not receive any updates! just really what is going on!? i live in the asia. usual shipping takes approx 20 days. if you use ups or dhl.. max 8 days.. so really what is going on!!!
i'm almost certain we'll get an update today. the frustation is at boiling point and they have something to crow about.
yes, both must be in asia, probably both in hk to have received so quickly.
i hear you @rolts although i assume martin's wife was purely commenting on the design (and i'm surprised a fashion designer could like a jacket that by its nature has to favour functionality over form). sergio's review on other hand, whilst praising the shape, decimates everything else and to say something as extreme as planning to throw it in the bin is more telling i think.
i think martin lo is in hong kong, from his previous posts about the email notification.
@ alex jarman: martin lo's review was more positive. his wife, a fashion designer according to his post, seemed positive about the delivered product. i guess we will have to wait and see it in 'the flesh'.
@ martin lo; you wouldn't want too close a fit around the waist if you want to be able to use the tablet pocket; it would mean that jacket wouldn't be able to be buttoned up with a tablet device in the pocket. a slim fit would mean the tablet would be obvious and may even make the jacket sit strangely if the cut is too slim. great to hear some of the jackets have been delivered.
dear backers, yes the jackets are poorly constructed, late and you've been left completely in the dark...but look at the bright side, we are now up and running as a business and soon won't be overworked!
thanks @sergio for the update.. and they still mentioned quality is what they're trying to produce.. meh
so poor quality, very late and appalling communications. slow handclap baubax...
thanks for the update guys, if you have received your jacked could you tell us where you are and did you get emailed a tracking number? posting pictures on facebook page would help ease peoples minds thanks in advance
hi @sergio, really appreciate you sharing. thank you. are you asia-based? and is it the blazer, not the bomber?
forgot to specify that i got the blazer. oh...and the water resistant pocket is nowhere to be found...
i tried to take pictures but my jacket is all black and the polyester material reflects the light in a way that you cannot see details. the overall shape is ok... just all the details are bad. i have to correct my statement on the inflatable neck pillow. there is a simple built in valve...but does not work well.
just get my jacket, the navy blue blazer. it's less than 12 hours after i receive my tracking number. i am testing it now. so far so good. the size is correct, fit me as per the size chart. the only down side about the cutting is that there is no slim fit on the waist. may be the female jacket is different. or may be because this jacket support able to "hide" lots of the stuff (including the ipad etc), so, the cutting cannot be too slim fit. the colour, material, functions... so far as per the description. however, there is no instruction in the package. for such a multi function jacket, i prefer there is a simple manual. may be they can make one soft copy and put it on the net, still better than nothing. my wife is a fashion designer, she is also quite positive on my jacket. anyway, this is my 2nd backed project, and it's also a success, get the product that i am looking for.
@sergio any ways you can share pictures of it?
so...guys. i got the jacket right now. not sure whether this i a surprise to you but: - material quality and workmanship...could not be cheaper than this - accessories: the pen is ridiculous, the inflatable neck pillow came without a valve...meaning unusable (thanks kickstarter) - what they called special features are just normal pockets with an expected life span of one hour considering the superbad material used for the lining. - the gloves...trust me you won't wear them once so my jacket goes straight to the trash can...
anyone starting to get the feeling that we were taken for a ride?  delays are one thing....however, the absence of information is quite telling.
@baubax one star amazon reviews coming your way soon. enjoy!
so where are the jackets? delays are expected with kickstarter projects, but this is ridiculous!!!
@ rolts - well, since you are up, i'm going to bed. 'night.
@ matt larsen -. you have it backwards. according to update 15, the sweatshirt is now 60% cotton and 40% polyester. the original campaign listed the sweatshirt as 100% cotton. however, my recollection is that they agreed to go to a cotton-poly blend about the time the campaign ended in early september.
@ matt larsen: the fabric of the sweatshirt is a poly cotton mix as per the update. in the campaign it was specified as being 100% cotton, but this changed to a poly-cotton mix. this was advised via a comment posted by the creators:- "baubax @ sumquodsum: the fabric for sweatshirt would be cotton-poly" aug 31 2015" this was not advised by update. some backers, who preferred 100% cotton, were upset by this decision.  the current situation, as advised by baubax, is the sweatshirt is a poly cotton mix.
it's even worse than that matt. it was more expensive cotton, it's now cheaper polyester (and no technical fancyness to my knowledge).
dear baubax- once again, you are failing to keep people informed. it isn't that the project is late (although, that is a big issue), it is that you fail to keep your customers informed more than once a month. you have more updates than that, provide them. i said it before, this is not what kellogg teaches its mba's as good business practice. i guarantee good communication is an item you have heard over and over again. get with it. further, what is this i am hearing that you switched materials on the sweatshirt? it is now 100% cotton? pretty sure it had some breathable poly/stretch quick dry capabilities before. $115 or so for a basic cotton sweatshirt w/ some extra pockets and a pillow is a bit nuts.
@ travis - earlier today (feb. 16 in the u.s.), a couple of people reported getting e-mails with carrier tracking numbers from the hong kong distribution center. nothing else that i have seen here. i have not checked their fb page. @ chris gore - no reports of tracking numbers being sent to u.s. customers. my guess is that shipping and customs have delayed the arrivals of all/some of the jackets here. once we get a report or two of u.s. shipments, then we will have a better idea of when we might get our jackets.
quoting their latest email to all backers (which is dated 1 mth ago): for all non u.s. orders 50% of the jackets are already sitting in our hong kong warehouse, with the rest in transit. shipping will begin at the end of january and run through february for all non u.s. orders. for u.s. orders the jackets are also in transit from our overseas facility and will arrive at our u.s. warehouses (we have both east and west coast facilities) by the end of january. once our u.s. warehouses have the jackets, shipping to u.s. based backers will begin immediately and run through february. so they have less than 2 weeks to ship out all items, which i doubt so because hk have been celebrating chinese new year since 8 feb, some companies close for days, i'm expecting a lot of backlog shipment these companies are experiencing.
any news on the international shipping? haven't received no updates from you.
has anyone received a shipping confirmation number? there are several comments on fb that confirmation numbers are showing up on ks but i've not seen any yet, without scrolling through hundreds of recent posts.
touché!
is there any way to find out when backers in the usa may expect shipment? i'd just like to know when it is shipping.
i had no idea about them i still use altavista
thanks for letting us know that google are a well estabished company. you learn something new every day.
this campaign is very successful that fact we've only had 3-4 delays is impressive for a new company in kickstarter i mean even large companies like google have delays and they're a well established company. those of you threatening to sue are naive there's nothing to sue about they've done nothing wrong yea they could communicate more but if the less than 6 months they've been funded they've kept us in the loop pretty well when there was an issue.
i want a damn refund!!!! this campaign is ridiculous and i am moments from seeking legal action
what is wrong with some of you people???
so i threatened baubax with legal action about the delays...but i would tell my lawyer to step down on the basis they swapped my bomber for a sweatshirt. reluctantly they changed my order.  five minutes later i wrote to say how appalled i was that my newly ordered sweatshirt was made with materials that contradicted the campaign. refund being processed (oh and i asked them to send me their 30c plastic water bottle and some choccie biscuits as a goodwill gesture).
@david markland: unfortunately, not everyone got a sweatshirt, so that doesn't really apply for everyone.
fyi baubax just refunded my full pledge amount to me via paypal. note this was due to my complaint that they changed sweatshirt materials halfway through the campaign, but never notified backers.
@lucas e szymanowski; as owen "gm" said, addresses have been locked down with baubax, having being passed to the delivery logistics group/s. apparently we are to get an email, hopefully with tracking. with some couriers you have the ability to redirect your parcel once you receive the delivery notification. hope this works for you. baubax email: support@baubax.com but i don't know how quickly you'll get a response or whether it would contain any information that differs from that above.
@lucas: might want to set up a forwarding address...i don't know the email to send to, they locked the addresses, and they never check here anyways.
hey guys!! i need to change my shipping address... its been so long that ive moved.
@ alex - thanks for the link. that one was a bomber jacket. here is the link for the windbreaker labeled as a bomber: http://www.amazon.com/baubax-bomber-black-male-large/dp/b01b7wcfy8/ref=pd_sim_sbs_200_1… if i put "baubax travel jacket" in the search field, i get a lot of  other vendors' jackets and just one link to a baubax jacket.
i'm in atlanta also. hopefully this means things are coming together.
i have no idea.  on the bottom of the page shows container at sp railroad.  and it shows customs not clear, cashier not clear and permit to transfer "n".  doesn't mean the ship can't move on i'm supposing.  i've never disseminated this kind of information previously.
if it hasn't cleared customs then why does it show an actual departure date from la of 2/13?
http://homeport.apl.com/gentrack/trackingmain.do… this is the tracking info for the add-on touchscreen gloves.  looks like it arrived in la on the 12th but not showing having cleared customs yet.  i have a copy of the bill of lading but won't post that here as it has hiral's private number on it and as pissed as i am at him and his team for their atrocious communications, i just won't make it public.
@honnie, not everyone is complaining about delays. many are annoyed at the lack of information. and no one has seen the finished product yet. it's possible it's very late and a poor product.
anyone in the usa has received theirs yet???
tall and stout...so which would i be? o.o
this is a kickstarter project. those who have backed this project should have expected delays. i prefer the team to take more time to perfect their product than to rush them and receive a poor product.
@owen - i think i want to be a stainless-steel brewpot
are you short and stout?  check your blazer measurements to confirm!
@david: am i a pot, or kettle?  need to know to phrase my comment properly. :p (no, i'm not serious, i'm trying to distract myself from work for a bit...)
scam or no scam, they've treated us terribly and 'bitching and moaning' is totally justified. imaginary update 16 (january 30): we're running behind schedule again and apologise. we now expect to get the first jackets out week commencing 15th february from hong kong and will provide another update next week to let you know about progress with the us-based deliveries. how hard was that?
so many pots and kettles calling each other things today...
i am just saying that all those that cried scam need should do the right thing and admit they were overreacting when the time comes. not that they will.
er, you might want to put your smugness away. it's not endearing.... baubax tell us through their update hong kong deliveries have been in situ for a month and clearly only today are they going out. no official word on whether any us deliveries are going out or even if they are in the warehouse - and this might still take a lot longer. baubax's unofficial 'shipping next week to us locations' should not be taken verbatim, given the previous miscommuications we have had from them
@mike kopack - can i b&m about their b&ming? i can't wait to see if those that foamed at the mouth and threatened to bring in their high and powerful friends will actually own up and admit they were wrongggggggggggggg.  sorry i was holding my breath and passed out.
bobbyz - don't bother.. you're wasting your breath... these people just want to bitch and moan...
@daniel do you not read? product has been confirmed shipped by backers.
it appears to be nothing more than a pipe dream. two underachiever owners who relied on media spin on kc to sell a poorly constructed chinese knockoff based on scottevest. i will be shocked if they supply an acceptable product.  i am waiting for an update that the container ship from china sank with all the product.  i read a post by someone who went to school with one of the owners. underachiever!!!!! no more crowdfunding for me.
@kai: the world. that's what's going wrong(in other words updates you probably didn't read, comments not even 10 below yours that you didn't read, this one you probably won't read)
waiting for my jacket, too. no response from baubax since a few weeks. eta: nov 2015, but nothing received for now. whats going wrong here?
i was told today that the latest that they would begin shipping is next week to us locations.
@violet.  yes, that was how i knew they weren't shipping out orders before as they day they did start, miraculously their wording is less vague i.e. "we have started shipping our orders" bet we get an update tomorrow, full of patting themselves on the back. total cowardice and total arrogance simultaneously.
thanks owen, appreciate your view on it!
thought i'd add that they're replying to comments on indiegogo but they're copy and paste, generic ones. they are saying that shipping has just started. they didn't wanna come back until they had good news, it seems.
i received this message last week: agent 005 (baubax) feb 9, 10:37 good day, i do believe that orders have started to arrive at our distribution points and they will start going out over this next week. as the campaign was so large it will take about 6-8 weeks to completely send out all the orders. unfortunately i don't have any information when in that period your specific order will be going out. as soon as your order goes out, a tracking number will be created and emailed to you. i hope that answers your question. have a wonderful day. -price
so i take it i am not the only one who has not received their jackets? j
think it depends on which bomber you look at. http://www.amazon.com/baubax-bomber-male-black-xxxl/dp/b01bsyf9js/ref=sr_1_42…
@kat: i use the edm, as the name of it implies, every day. there are people who find the strap slips constantly, but i carry it across my chest(strap on left shoulder, bag on right hip). i find it isn't as big inside the main compartment as i originally thought(it can carry my archer brighton lunch box, my book, and a couple of other smaller items at the same time easily), but i haven't loaded it with my camera gear yet. the laptop/tablet pocket in the back doesn't fit my laptop(about 1/2 inch too narrow and 1.5inch to shallow), but it is good for easily storing/locating papers. it fits under seats in an airplane easily. i know you didn't ask me, but figured i would give my two cents as well. :p
just checked "baubax travel jacket" on amazon. the men's bomber jacket is actually the windbreaker, not the bomber. no piping. no cloth collar. no elastic cloth cuffs. the women's bomber is correct.
m.a.  it's great you've run into so few rotten apples.  this is our first sucky project as well.   i'm not swearing off kickstarter but i will be sure not to get involved in highly 'oversold' projects in the future. i have a quick question for you if you don't mind, how do you like the everyday messenger?  i love the look and was considering ordering one.  do you have the camera clip as well?  any feedback would be appreciated.
@bruce, fair play to you. you've always got an interesting comment to make on here... as much as i am appalled by the way baubax has treated its backers, ditching the jacket on a point of principal woud be cutting your nose off to spite your face. i will use kickstarter as a showcase. see what the final verdict is on the product. then pay 10% extra for the product but with the project completely de-risked. seems good to me (but not so much for kickstarter).
@ alex - sorry. i was "picking" at you a little, as we say in the south. a little attempt at humor. you have been so critical of the baubax project, i couldn't imagine you using the jacket.
@ alex - actually, you won't be the only one swearing off kickstarter. of the products i have actually received from ks projects, only a minority have been really useful - my pebble time watch (and i had problems with the "leather" and steel bands), the mos reach charging cables, and the wrecking crew dvd (and it was months behind schedule). other products i have tried and then abandoned as not being very useful - the automatic car monitor, the ampy move charger, and the pressy device for controlling smartphones. and then there are the products i have yet to receive - the coolest cooler and the epiphany charger. the latter was the first ks project i backed, and i doubt i will ever see it. they have posted one update in two years. so, i will join you in not using ks in the future. it's been too expensive for what i have gotten out of the projects. even if my baubax jacket is good. any we won't know that for a few more weeks.
@bruce, i don't understand your question. i suspect based on the photos (look at amazon blue bomber) which look inferior to the prototype, it will be quite ugly. i doubt it would fetch much on ebay but i will sell it there if so. if it fits and is not ugly, i will wear it. if i could get a refund, i would but i can't so that is the most practical approach. why would anyone over the age of 10 brag to friends about buyinng a jacket with a few extra pockets and travel gadgets? friends couldn't give a damn.
that should be is, not it, at the end.
@martin lo: are you also accounting for the customs inspection? that could take up to 3 weeks depending on how back-logged the port it.
@alex  agreed, as @owen mentioned, don't let one rotten apple spoil the bunch. there are tonnes of better projects out there who deserve a better chance and if so many other project can be successful, than the fault does not really fall on kickstarter but on baubax's inability to handle the project and this platform well enough. out of so many projects i have backed, the number of rotten apples i have run into can be numbered less than ten.
@bruce gilliland: i know what i'm doing with it if it doesn't fit(no way in hell am i paying postage to send it back, then for them to return it); sell it. if it does fit, we will see about the quality.
if they transport the jacket to us by aircraft, then 2 days is all they need. but i assume that they will transport everything by ship for cost saving (regardless what they charge you). it will take about 22 days. and after that, the us centre can start to deliver the order. so, my personal guess would be the 1st patch us backers who receive the tracking number will be around mid march.
@ alex jarman. i am curious what you will do with your jacket when you do receive it, assuming of course that it does fit and is reasonable quality. since you are so opposed to baubax's handling of this project, will you throw it away, donate it to charity, give to an unsuspecting friend, sell it on ebay, or brag about this great, unique idea you helped get started?
boy, do i need to read my posts before i submit them. " does not..."
** "that is good news..."
@ lawrence, @ martin lo - thanks for posting that you received tracking numbers from the hong kong center. that good news. however, no news from the u.s. centers. my guess is shipping and customs delays are holding up the jackets here. @ james adkins - actually the january date was to receive the jackets at the distribution centers. then they had to be sorted and packaged for final distribution, then they may have been delayed by the chinese new year holiday. so, the first shipments, which appear to be going out today, is not too far off from update 15 schedule. of course, it is not likely that they will be completed in the next two weeks. so, the final schedule date will slip also. the u.s. distribution doe snot appear to have started yet, so that will be pushed back even further. i said over a week ago that we could be into april before the shipments are completed. i think that is still a valid estimate.
@owen i appreciate that. but really i don't like to take 90% more risk for 10% more reward and kickstarter is not for me, due to this imbalance. i suspect i'm not the only one for whom baubax has ruined their impression of kickstarter.
@alex: there are many more successful, and well run, campaigns out there that are overshadowed by the negative experiences of some small number. don't let it ruin kickstarter for you(though, sometimes it is good to step away) entirely.
cheers to martin!
i will never back another kickstarter project, thanks to baubax. baubax has let down the whole kickstarter community through lack of communication.
along with everybody else, i've been waiting. what i will take away from this experience is that i won't be backing any other companies. fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.
of course we still have zero idea if the jackets have even arrived in the us warehouses for us backers, thanks to baubax's self-destructive vow of silence.
the correct time should be 23:44pm
i receive the email at 22:34pm (hong kong local time). so, it doesn't looks like a system auto generating email. anyway, the email could be from anywhere but not from the hong kong office. and it's not too uncommon for hong kong people to work through the mid night.
congratulations to martin lo and lawrence chan!
the tracking number works, and these are the details. feb 16, 2016 03:11pm, arrived hubdpex hong kong feb 10, 2016 09:31pm, booking arrangeddpex hong kong feb 10, 2016 09:31pm, documentation prepareddpex hong kong
it's interesting people are getting tracking info even though its the middle of the night in hong kong.  perhaps they will be working round the clock to get orders out.
same here, jsut get the email, the shipping date was 16th feb. the shipping cost is $4.9 usd, but they charge me $20 for hong kong shipping to hong kong �
cheers to @lawrence!
hi @lawrence, i believe you. thanks for sharing. could you kindly pop back here tomorrow/thursday when it arrives and give us your first impressions?
@lawrence chan - any way you can provide proof for all those haters and doubters?
just received an invoice for the jacket. it said the ship date was on the 16th via dpex and had a tracking number.
i have been very patient and the winter is almost over. no updates for over a month. all product was supposed to arrive by end of january. this is now the middle of february and i am assuming that no one has received any jackets. and i ordered just one. i think that most people are concerned and the lack of updates or communication is terrible. what were their marketing people thinking? advertising on amazon before any backers got the product?
is it another scam?
yoganshi shah  last login feb 15 2016  not connected  first created · 14 backed login coincides with update for backed project: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/peak-design/the-everyday-messenger-a-bag-for-cameras-and-essen… i predict a log in shortly because another backed project updated today: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/35224746/piece-change-the-way-you-use-smart-phones… smh
funny how bb had quick and reliable communication when asking for our money. now that they have the money, every promise offered has not been fulfilled. a simple, "we got delayed further, we appreciate your continued patience" would be the considerate course of action. keeping backers in the dark is unprofessional and unacceptable. nothing that has not been stated before multiple times, by multiple people. #baubaxscammedus
oh and i bet the next announcement is - you can now purchase our jackets on amazon!
@james byrne - that is a brilliant idea.  the second one, not the first.
i think there should be a league table to name and shame infrequent communicators. it takes 5 minutes to write a brief update. 5 minutes. they don't even have to pull together all their database, as you would do on a mailmerge. kickstarter/technology makes it so easy. whether it is arrogance, laziness, cowardice or, as i suspect, a combination of the three, it is baubax treating its own backers like dirt.
with so many people showing a real desire for better communication from baubax and other projects, and for kickstarter to weigh in on failing projects, i'm considering starting a kickstarter campaign for communication. i'd imagine it'd probably go something like this, people pledge money to me and the more they pledge the more often i'll send them messages. :) honestly though, if the kickstarter rules aren't working, maybe it should be a campaign to raise funds to start a better crowd funding website that will have better communication obligations on creators and also provide mentoring before and during the campaign to try avoid failures. one suggested change would be to cap pledges for first time creators, but if it's successful to permit a second campaign shortly afterwards once fulfillment of the first campaign rewards are guaranteed. what do you think?
it is very common here, in the us, to use the term "fleece" to refer to polyester based fabrics.
i don't have  the jacket yet, still waiting ... i expect to receive  it from nov, it has been 3 moths
to be fair @maram they made 1 response, a link to an external site where you could buy more of their jackets.
what a disappointment..this went from being the most sought after project to the worst. over 5,000 comments and no response from the creators. shouldn't all the complaints be a sign?
@rolts @m.a. some backers would say that we have been well and truly fleeced by baubax...
@ m.a. the garments i'm referring to are made of 'polartec' fleece. "polar fleece is a soft napped insulating fabric made from a type of polyester called polyethylene terephthalate (pet) or other synthetic fibers. other names for this fabric are "polar wool," "vega wool," or "velo wools.""
@m.a.; 'fleece' may have regional differences. i have a number of 'fleece pullovers' used in outdoor activities, with differing thicknesses. all are made by well known outdoor garment manufacturers and are polyester based fabrics. that was what i was expecting with the bomber, but as i said, there may be considerable differences in local definitions of 'fleece'.
and there is also the unsolved and "swept-under-the-rug" mystery of the supposed sent out 1000 jackets.
its undeniable that they did cut corners and changed the materials without our consent, assuming we will be fine with it. whether they updated us or not, besides not seeking our consent, the principles of business and respect to backers was already violated. fleece lined and polyester lined are two very different things and so is the cost. while the cost of material change maybe little, the sheer volume of items ordered will make it a very large amount. then comes the question, did they do this so to increase their profits at the expense of backers? or are they doing it because they are really short on funds? i guess only they will know, but knowing the business world as it is, i tend to think they chose going for profits at the expense of backers as their choice.
nearly 6,000 comments and not a peep. i wonder if they'd bother responding to poor reviews on amazon...or would they try to get them removed just like baubax thinks it's totally fine to block and delete backers on facebook and twitter.
i guess 'fleece-lined' can be polyester, okay with it as long as it's good quality. hope to get my jacket soon. #believe?#
viral on **
this is the first proj that i backed on ks. how can they change the material of the bomber without seeking our approval ? i will be writing a complaint to ks telling them how disappointed i am and i will think twice backing on a proj in the future.  what a disappointment. to think this project was so popular and went vital in social media. perhaps we should bring this bad customer experience to social media and tell the world whts going on with our orders.
till now, 5983 comments ( mostly complaints) about your super late and look at the newest updated #15, they want us to buy a new product.... hahaha, i did ask for refund guess what ??? here is the message that they had been replied from the world's best delayed travel jacket ever: "thank you for writing to us. as mentioned in our latest update the orders will ship in batches starting this december. it is very unlikely that your order will be delivered before december 8. please also note that, your order is already being manufactured and your pledge amount has been invested in our production activities. as a startup firm we have limited funds and it is difficult to provide refunds at this stage of our project." yes i am upset, mad, super late for my bestfriend's birthday gift, and .... i want my money back!!!
till now, 5983 comments ( mostly complaints) about your super late and look at the newest updated #15, they want us to buy a new product.... hahaha, i did ask for refund guess what ??? here is the message that they had been replied from the world's best delayed travel jacket ever: "thank you for writing to us. as mentioned in our latest update the orders will ship in batches starting this december. it is very unlikely that your order will be delivered before december 8. please also note that, your order is already being manufactured and your pledge amount has been invested in our production activities. as a startup firm we have limited funds and it is difficult to provide refunds at this stage of our project." yes i am upset, mad, super late for my bestfriend's birthday gift, and .... i want my money back!!!!
looking at these comments on a plane wishing i had my jacket or at least an update. ah well at least summers coming that way i won't need a jacket. phew
i'm thinking we all need to get a refund.
@kat dawson, i said exactly what you quoted, "i try to refrain" but i'm only human and to err is to be human as they say, but it's so lovely to see you actually doing your homework first this time! btw, you still haven't informed us of how things are going with the alphabet soups and your litigation friend? @bobby z it's nice to have followers ;) oh and yes, to remove all doubt, about 50% of what i say here is intended to help, the other 50% is purely intended to amuse myself, i'll let you decide which is which!
mathew none of the have shipped sadly. we are all still waiting. hopefully it's any day now
hello! i was one of the original backers for this project and i believe all orders have been shipped out.... i haven't received mine yet.  can you please let me know how i get an update on when i will receive my product? thank you!
why do you think all orders are out?
if all orders are out, i have not received mine. now what?
@jess. the outer is soft shell, the lining is polyester "fleece".
@ mark aroneck: the indiegogo campaign was a pre-ordering off shoot of the kickstarter campaign. if you go to the campaign page for the project, on kickstarter, you will find a pre-order link. these were to be delivered after the kickstarter rewards. you willfind they are also being advertised on touch of modern and now amazon.  i guess ordering extra production would have reduced unit cost and provided priority in manufacturing because of the size of the order. it is clear, from this strategy, that the creators were intending to go retail with the product, rather than having a "one off" product that terminates after the campaign is completed.
why is this jacket on indiegogo when they haven't even fulfilled their ks obligations??? https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/world-s-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-baubax#/
@jess, yes exactly, i can take the delays, they're ok.  but not being treated like a customer to the point of giving the money and then ignored/offered half-truths/left to read arrogant and insulting social media comments (e.g please check your kickstarter updates as we have provided numerous updates shipping timeline) once they had our cash. it seems that they see ks clients as a mere stepping stone onto greater things. they've misjudged the importance of getting a loyal base of customers early on.  this is one of a number of reasons why they will fail.
update 15 says the bomber lining is polyester.
i sent a request to baubax customer service a few days ago to see if the bomber jackets are still "fleece lined" the reason for my concern is the indigogo campaign lists them as "soft shell" as opposed to "fleece lined" which was the original listing and if that changed, and i had been informed, i would have withdrawn my pledge. i'll post here if i receive a response. it's not the delay that irritates me about this project, it's the communication. and, really, **honestly**, how many projects would get backed, and in such large monetary amounts if people really thought this was a russian roulette of magnanimous "contributions" to projects with limited possibility of reward? to all the people who keep acting like "why u mad bro?" these projects aren't funded by angel investors, we're essentially a bunch of sharks. it's not that i can't afford to take a loss on money i throw at kickstarter projects, or that i'm an idiot who thinks i'm purchasing from a standard retailer, it's that i'm not a gambler and i wouldn't be on kickstarter if i thought i was going to take more losses than wins. it's also maddening when you believe in something and hand over cash to fund someones idea, and then they blow you off. whether or not they deliver their product as promised, the relationship, and my faith in that company, is compromised.
this project is the last straw. regardless of whether or not i get my jacket, i'm out. baubax, you have destroyed my last bits of faith and willingness to contribute to any kickstarter project today and in the future.
@daniel. 100% no. anyone who says to their boss "well at least it did not take as long as tom's report" is a small child, no matter what the quality. be a man and admit your own failings, don't try and bring the irrelevant failings of others into the equation.
@nick wallace has got himself a stalker.  that's a pretty specific timeline.  how did you have the time to compile that list in between your crusade on twitter and your letters to every bureau with a fancy acronym.  we're all still waiting on a report from your litigation friend. or did they tell you that you might as well pound sand.
just ignore him, he is looking for attention and you are giving it to him :/.
well, we know who the expert is at mocking, name-calling and slinging mud.  too bad he can't take it as well as he dishes it out: jan 13:  "complainers don't even bother to take a few seconds to read anything posted here including the updates, they just expect it to be spoon fed to them!" jan 18: "lol @carol berkow who "doesn't do poly cotton blends"...  "it's just the yuppies who go for the "100% cotton only" stance, less because they know anything about it and more because they like telling their friends "ohhh, darling, i onnnlllyyy buy 100% cotton, i don't do poly cotton blends..." jan 21:  "@david markland... i'm not entirely sure you've quite grasped what kickstarter is?...obviously you consider the us to the center of the earth.... seriously, where do the fools like yourself come from?!" jan. 25:  " "oh noes, this thing i ordered on the internet isn't exactly what i thought, how could this be?!" jan. 31:  "@lawrence thanks for showing your own foolishness... but hey, don't let facts get in the way of a good rant..." feb. 2:  "david... surely someone who seems to think of himself as highly as you do..." feb. 3:  "what more do you need to know for gods sake? stop looking for someone to hold your hand individually!" feb 9:  "people like you base your arguments on emotion... you're acting like a ranting raving looney... wasting your time, though it seems like you have a lot of it to waste and very little else to do... maybe you should find a new hobby instead then when the jacket turns up you'll have a thousand little crocheted jackets for cats..." feb. 9:  "let's not let facts get in the way of a good rant"  (again, that one seems to be a fave) feb. 11:  "too many like that that want their hands held instead..."  (another fave) feb. 14:  "@alex jarman... don't get up on your high horse about being some noble "investor"...get all butt hurt and take it personally... if you don't believe that a monthtly update is "regular" just talk to a female friend! (my aside:  ugh! thanks for mansplaining)... bowing to your wishes when you clearly represent a small minority" today, oh the lols: "i also try to refrain from name calling, i left primary school quite a few years ago now and don't feel like going back to being a child in the school yard again. "  (my aside:  wait... what?)  "...you don't really have an argument, you're just whinging..." so, um, what was that about the schoolyard thing again?  lol
maybe they ran out of money for shipping the jackets to customers... so they are organizing additional pre-orders on tom and soon on amazon ..
"for u.s. orders the jackets are also in transit from our overseas facility and will arrive at our u.s. warehouses (we have both east and west coast facilities) by the end of january. once our u.s. warehouses have the jackets, shipping to u.s. based backers will begin immediately and run through february" february is half way over... haven't heard anything yet.
watch, the next update will be something like "we wanted to wait until cny was officially over before giving an update and sending jackets so everyone would start getting them at the same time! preorder some more jackets on amazon! ���" � aka: we didn't realize how long shipping, customs, sorting, and packing would take so we'll just spin it in a positive way.
@alex jarman if you do quality work for your boss but it takes longer than you had projected, you can say "well at least it did not take as long as tom's report"  does this make it easier to understand the 'at least they're not as bad as x' argument.
is there any way to see if the jackets will actually be shipped? just don't feel like checking in all the time to see if the campaign has delivered or not.
for some reason, i have taken it upon myself to irritate kat on twitter.  she's gone a little belligerent and i find it amusing to fan the flames.
the world's best travel jacket with 15 updates only || baubax hehehe. =x
@filippo sorry to hear you got robbed by the zano project.  check out the comment section as someone is providing details on how they were able to get fully refunded by mastercard. as for this project, if everyone would stop emailing and complaining, we might get to see an update or two.  it's mind boggling that everyone is demanding information while the majority of backers are patiently waiting for their rewards.
i can so relate to another day, another flight without my jacket!!! hahahahaha
another day, another flight without my jacket.
would be nice for @creator @baubax to keep to their words about more frequent updates..i'm gonna give them them till the end of the month as apparantly i ordered a single blazer and hoping that it'll be here soon as single items were supposed to ship out first.
hi backers, i start being worry about baubax ... it will be an other zano case? and kickstarter still get its 5% and not keeping the amount for shipping in order to cash it back in case the companies don't send the goods? since i got robbed by zano and mishandling of kickstarter i stopped founding projects here and just waiting to receive all the 24 projects i paid (23 as zano is bankruptcy) in order to erase kickstarter from my pc. i hopped that being this a non technological project would not have any problem, but now i'm worry as many other backers. will kickstarted take early actions on baubax? can we have true news from baubax? thanks
i really don't understand the 'at least they're not as bad as x' argument. when i do substandard work for my boss, i don't say 'well at least it wasn't as bad as tom's report'. that would be childish. that line of argument is just not appropriate in regard to multimillion dollar business - or business of any size for that matter.
@ alex - wow! you appear a little more optimistic than me! what happened? :) you are right that the "update" will be "we are shipping." period. baubax is like weather forecasters and stock market analysts. they are never wrong. they just revise their forecasts, or schedules in this case, so that they are "on schedule." on prediction 3, i have seen a couple of vendors with similar jackets. one vendor, i don't recall the name, had jackets very similar to the baubax jackets. about the only difference was the absence of the pen and pillow. i suspect the baubax campaign may have gotten these vendors a little more recognition.
at least they're not as bad as zendock...i believe those guys are like delayed onto their 3rd year already. i mean kickstarter is really a hit or miss in terms of timeline. one of the projects i backed really stuck to their timeline and i got everything exactly as expected. and another one was about 10 months delayed. but i do notice a pattern in that the kickstarter projects with a large volume of backers that were unanticipated usually end up with many delays.
prediction #1 we'll get an update this week, probably in next 48 hours, to confirm jackets going out but will be non-specific about when they started to go out. prediction #2 update will completely play down all their failures and not adequately address backer's concerns. prediction #3 baubax won't exist in a couple of years with their idea better implemented by a more professional organisation that doesn't disrespect their own customers.
back in july 2015, we had this self-serving, arrogant message: "we know how special baubax jackets are to you and how badly you would need them for your travel, gifting and festivities later this year. hence, we are getting started with the manufacturing process right away! you must be wondering how we are doing this before the campaign getting funded? heres how: we’ve got strong investors backing us" if only their 'backer support' communication was 10% as good as their 'self-promotion' communication, it would be great...
i  have  ordered  10 pcs.  still  waiting.  i  respect  yr project and  idea.  don't  make  me  disappointed.  u  promise  we will  receive by  end  of  feb 2016.
@ rolts - thanks @ everyone - no, it is almost 100% likely that no one has received a shipping tracking number, let alone a jacket. if baubax ever posts another update, only then can we hope that the jackets will begin shipping. it is not likely they will say anything until that time.
anyone received their jackets? their timelines are close to end feb already.
maybe todd, the communications expert, was sacked for writing the world's most poorly constructed sentence: "per our backers requests, we have informed them of shipping timelines per campaign of which we have included that you will receive tracking information once shipped once shipped from the warehouse."
anyone got jacket already?
they sacked todd? no one is answering the questions in facebook since cny holiday.
@rolts it's a competitive world out there with the big boys lingering around and not to mention other pretty prominent crowdfunded jackets out there.
the jackets may be late, communication less than optimal, but seeing the jackets advertised first on touch of modern and then amazon (thanks for the link tan), adds substance to the campaign.  it appears that baubax is planning for a long term presence in garment retail, rather that being a "one shot wonder".
@nick *ain't as neutral or "harmless" as you think it is* sorry for the typo.
@nick i do respect your drive to want to be observant and of "neutral" stance, however, while you can say you are stating things based on your observations and reasoning, i am sure some comments you have made were based on emotions too on how you feel about people who react and act in a certain way. even your reasoning are influenced by your own preferences and experiences in life. you mentioned about not liking calling names? the reason people don't like it is because it stings and hurts, when you call someone a fool and mock at people's ignorance, is what difference is that then? you can come out with various means to justify it, but in the end it ain't as neutral or "harmless" as name calling which you so much dislike. so with much respect may i beseech you to not see your own standing as so high up above others that you are blinded to the loop holes in your ownself? everybody has loop holes, and that includes you and me. you want to talk about neutral and being objective there is alot you can learn from @rolts @nick as i mentioned, everybody has loop holes, not everyone is as what you want them to be. yes society now has a feeling of entitlement to them and it's the challenge of our day and age, but looking down on others just because you think you have got it all together or figured out does not help the situation.
@ steel mcheat; to check what reward you have backed: 1. go to your icon in the top right corner of this page and select it 2. on the drop down select "backed projects" 3. on this page select the baubax travel jacket. 4. on the pop-up, select "survey". this will list all the information you provided to the creators of the project, including style, gender, size and colour. hope this helps.
@nick. this morning i went into work, my train broke down in a tunnel and i was sacked for being one minute late. i then broke my leg on the way home and when i eventually got back from the hospital my house had burned down. but i should just be happy not to have been killed by a meteorite - yep, it's been a good day.
@steel @alex the jackets were delayed due to an error in a a small portion of the manufacturing if you check out the last update it is outlined. specifically to @alex we all knew this was a possibility when we signed up they gave us 15 updates which is a lot more than others get. we will receive the product in less than a year from the funding date and that had multiple delays which is impressive we should just be happy we aren't waiting 2 years or more or that the project wasn't abandoned and we had to wait for refunds. this is how crowd funding works and we as a society have become too accustomed to instant gratification  we just need to wait and if there's another delay then so be it.
hi, i still haven't received my jacket, it was so long ago that i ordered/pledged for it i cannot even remember which one i ordered it was probably a bomber or a windbreaker. please can you contact me about this as i looked and apparently the jacket should have been delivered?  thanks sam.
"we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. we have identified and locked in our manufacturers who will be able to ship within 60 days of successful project funding, so you can enjoy your very own baubax jackets before the winter travel season kicks in." "we need your help.  currently we are the 6th most funded project on kickstarter, and approximately $600,000 away from becoming the 4th most funded. could you please please ‘share this project' one last time on your facebook profile? please..." "we pledge to you that we will provide more regular updates going forward" baubax (arrogance + self-serving - communication) = backer entitlement? yeah, right...
@nick (great name btw, kudos!) that's exactly what it is, entitlement, unfortunately it's a lot of what social media supports in regards to companies and products these days, peoples sense of entitlement by trying to "shame" the company, most companies whether they agree or not though give in because too many others take what is written as being true without actually looking into it and no one wants the vocal minority to hurt their reputation so they cave. just ask anyone who has ever dealt with trip advisor, i managed a page for an old job and some of the things people would post were absolutely ridiculous!
@kat i don't presume myself to be an "expert" on anything, i give my opinion and back it up with my observations and reasons behind that opinion, i also don't like to see one sided arguments featuring only the far-wing extremists who sway peoples opinions by yelling and threatening the loudest! as i previously said though, too many people like to use their emotions with their arguments, it's usually a rather weak method of debating or arguing as it is far too personal. i also try to refrain from name calling, i left primary school quite a few years ago now and don't feel like going back to being a child in the school yard again. you still haven't told us how it went with your litigation friend, what did they say? any actual response from the various outlets you've gone to or the alphabet organisations you've contacted beyond their usual canned responses? and yes alex jarman, even purchasing on amazon is a gamble of course. let me put it this way, take the traditional method of visiting an actual store, you find a product, you choose it, you look it over, you read the description and you make the purchase, you see the person selling it to you, you have their actual location etc...etc... as opposed to buying off the internet, you choose a type of product, but not the specific one, things get broken along the way so you've just taken a risk right there, you see they have a store on amazon but you know nothing about that store, the people selling to you, anything like that, you have a description of the product but you can't see it either you just have to try and visualise it and hope it is what it says. let's not then forget the fact that you're taking a risk with a login that people can and often do hack and steal to gain access to your personal information, not to mention dodgy websites that look real and just steal your information. ever had a dodgy purchase from an online store and tried to get a consumer protection group to track them down? not as easy as it would be when they have a physical store someone can go to. not to mention you now have to also trust whatever postal service is used not to get it damaged on it's journey to you, or get delayed/lost enroute. can you seriously tell me it's not a gamble buying over the internet? sure there are protections built in with amazon but there's still plenty of stories of people getting screwed over and when that happens you just have to trust amazon to deal with it for you as opposed to being able to do it yourself in person at an actual store. so yeah, it's a gamble, one you take by weighing up what you're purchasing, where you're purchasing it from, whom you are purchasing it from etc...etc... subconciously before you hand over your details. i'm not saying internet shopping is a bad idea and that no one should do it, but as an informed human being and a consumer you surely have to know there are more risks inherent to it? and alex, i never said "companies don't owe customers any courtesy" i said baubax owe us a product and not really any common courtesy, if they give it, great, good for them, bonus points, if not, whatever. i handed over my money hoping for a product i can use, that's all. as i said though, golden rule, don't hand over any money you're not happy to never see again. also, unless you have any particular rebuttal using facts of any sort you really are another one relying on your "feeling" to win your argument and try to sway people into siding with you and against baubax, ultimately all it shows is that you don't really have an argument, you're just whinging, in the wrong place i might add, they've even said they don't pay much heed to social media, so if you were real honest with yourself you're just trying to get others to agree with you and get some sort of movement going but are ultimately just having a whine. but hey, it's the internet, if that's what you want to do then have it, but don't expect there to not be any replies to the contrary.
amazon says: temporarily out of stock.  order now and we'll deliver when available. we'll e-mail you with an estimated delivery date as soon as we have more information. your account will only be charged when we ship the item.
i would like to say i am annoyed that i could probably buy the jacket on amazon and get the jacket already lol
@nick- you included kittens in your statement.  i support.
@taylor no i get that entirely this happens all the time i'm a first time backer and even i know that. everyone that's complaining are acting so entitled is really sad.
@bobby z : http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1…
@nick the problem is they set the timeline themselves and keep delaying and delaying over and over.
@elarnie so far no, no one has received any update at all.
hello. i haven't read all the comments so i apologize if i am asking the question that has already been asked... the last update (01/14/16) stated that us orders will arrive (in the us) by the end of jan and will be mailed out immediately. may i ask if this is now happening? i don't recall receiving an email confirming my jackets were sent. pls advise. thx.
@ kat; you total misunderstood bruce's comment.
bruce,  you misunderstand.  i'm in agreement with alex.
people i don't think some of you understand. just because you gave them money doesn't mean that you will get your jacket right away some projects waited a year or more  before receiving their rewards (look at the coin credit card that only got sent out before xmas after reaching goal almost 2 years). we didn't technical "buy" the jackets we gave money to start their company and they're giving us jackets in return instead of the shares of a company you would normally get for investing in a company. i'm well aware they are late and i too am disappointed but this is not amazon. the point of this is that a new company is trying to start up and we helped that. yes they are late but it's still been less than a year since they reached their goal and we should be happy they have given us any update on the shipping of our rewards. we all just need to be patient and wait for our jackets.
@ kat - somehow, i can't help but think it's you who wants to pick fights. you seem to get upset when someone says something that does not match your own opinions. i don't agree with everything alex has posted, but i do agree with a lot of what he says, and i have acknowledged that. i don't call him names because he has been a lot more critical of baubax than i have. if you disagree with someone, try to use common sense and a little logic. at least try to be civil.  calling people names does not make them look bad. it only makes you look crude and uncivilized. and you have added little, if any, to the overall understanding of the problems and issues with this project as far as i can see.
@linda those aren't baubax brand jackets on amazon
there are lovely photos of each style of jacket on amazon. i wonder if those are pics of the actual finished garments?
hey alex, best thing to do is learn to ignore that asshat.  obviously loves trolling for people to fight with.  has nothing better to do with his time and presumes himself to be an "expert" on crowdfunding, kickstarter rules about creator obligations to backers.  all that expertise rolled into one project funded!  wow.  i absolutely agree on the parody thing though.
@nick, if you weren't real, i'd think you were a parody "buying on the internet is a gamble" (er, amazon?) "companies don't owe customers any common courtesy" making a parallel between baubax and samsung, apple and google  "treat kickstarter like a donation" "the vast majority of kickstarter people are just happy to wait" my sides are killing me, you're too funny, really you are...
god i type too much... :-d
@alex jarman, i'm not ridiculously forgiving, i'm just far more realistic than a lot of others. buying on the internet is a gamble at the best of times, no matter whom you're buying from. you're asking for an item "unseen" to be delivered through channels you have no real control over from a company that may or may not even have a physical presence beyond their website. now you have kickstarter, an even bigger gamble, new "companies" (and i use that term very loosely) that are creating brand new ideas that they want to get funded, we fund them and should inherently realise that we're not really backing a company, so don't get up on your high horse about being some noble "investor". you saw a product you liked, you decided you wanted it and the price for that product or "reward" is handing over money and a butt load of hope that it'll get there eventually, if ever! there might be 0.1% of people that actually get on kickstarter looking for a company to seriously invest in, the other 99.9% of us, including yourself, simply saw a product we liked the idea of and decided to take a gamble. what is plainly apparent to me on here is that a vocal minority of people view kickstarter the wrong way and tend to get all butt hurt and take it personally, we are not "investors", we are not "stake holders", we don't hold any "stock" in the "company" (yes, i put things in in inverted commas for a very good reason, mostly in place of italics), we are just people who like an idea and hope to get something. so you know what, honestly, they don't owe us any "common courtesy", they owe us if anything the product they said they'll deliver eventually, i'll gladly jump in with the pitch fork and fire torch wielding mob that appears if the product is not what was largely described and shown. i'd also like to say that the word "regular" is not the same as the word "often", they said they would give more "regular" updates, well guess what, if you update once a month every month, that's regular, if you don't believe that a monthtly update is "regular" just talk to a female friend! oh and for those of you who actually believe this will kill the company before it gets off the ground for being "misleading" or not terribly great at communicating, go take a look at the worlds largest faceless corporations, they act in exactly the same way and yet they're still the worlds largest faceless corporations. how many times have you seen people whinge and moan about shoddy products from big brands like samsung, apple, google etc...etc... and yet they still keep on going and those same people probably still go back and buy a product from them. once again, it's worth mentioning that the number of comments here on this campaign is just under 6000 at this time, even if all those posts were from individual people that would still only represent about 1/8th of all the backers, subtract the large number that were probably before the campaign even finished, the multiple posts from the vocal minority and overall you'll find the vast majority of people are just happy to wait it out knowing what kickstarter is and are probably happy with the updates, so why should they go to the trouble of addressing specifically people like yourself alex and bowing to your wishes when you clearly represent a small minority? anyway, in the mean time, for those of you getting all butt hurt up in here, take a chill pill, eat a snickers, go knock one out in the bathroom, take 10 deep breaths, pat a kitten, do all the above, whatever, just relax and forget about it and you'll hopefully get a pleasant surprise email sometime in the near future telling you it's on its way. remember the real golden rule with kickstarter, never give over any money you aren't ok with never seeing again, treat it like a donation. if you go around "buying" things expecting it to be 100%, you're going to have a bad time!
for those who haven't seen it, here's baubax official twitter back on january 29 baubax ‏@baubax jan 29 @chelicresswell - yes, the jackets are beginning to ship out as of the end of this month. what a load of (insert your word of choice here)
#cash upfront
heh, fair play @bruce. close to 100% who start an mba and want to finish, get their mba. it's not pass or fail. it's pay us and pass. if one assigns the work a profit margin of 10% (and remembers they are in the glorious position of getting the case upfront) there's plenty of fat in the business to hire a few professionals. and seven 'staff' seems too lean for me for a business turning over more than $10m. especially as the people replying to support email with their canned responses are essentially unskilled. whichever way you look at it, the ceo of baubax has blown his glorious opportunity to build a loyal customer base from the start. buck stops with him.
@ alex - about those things baubax should do to be a good company, but probably won't do. i didn't go into the specific as you have done, but several weeks ago, i noted that hiral, one of the founders, said he had taken a leave of absence from his mba studies to develop this project. i made the observation that baubax could be a good case study for future mbas on how not to run a business. i also noted that if his mba professors looked at this project, i doubted whether they would ever approve granting him an mba. so, while we say things differently, i think we both agree on the general principle. baubax will be a short-lived project. ps: it's a  good thing you didn't get into the coolest cooler project. you would have stroke by now. :)
i have not received my jacket. wondering when they will update and let their backers know what is happening. i am very disappointed and will never back anyone again.
i have not received my order yet
so, just out of curiosity.... did everyone at baubax kill themselves or go on a long vacation with the backed money because they can't deliver?  seems as if no progress is taking place. 1000 jackets supposedly shipped out and not a single backer claiming to have received their jacket/s or receiving a tracking number. it is quite clear that baubax is just a group of big fat liars. who knows, maybe this campaign is a scam/fraud? chillax people. i have lost hope in baubax. but if they don't deliver, there is certainly no way they are getting away with millions.
i'm sure glad i'll be able to get my jacket in time for oklahoma summer! nothing says hoodie weather like 105 degrees. :-/
this is fraud, plain and simple.  whining about collecting too much $...wow! you took a lot of peoples money and haven't delivered anything...i would be surprised to actually find out one jacket was ever made.  you're still collecting pre orders and money though! how many promised delivery dates have you missed? hiral sanghavi should post detailed instructions on how to get our $ back immediately if he had any honor or integrity.  stay away from this company and anything his name is associated with!  would love to hear the story of when karma comes calling at your door!
i want them to have the common courtesy to - tell us when they are experiencing problems, not after the fact - follow through with pledges they make, that are in their control and easy to keep e.g. offering to update more regularly - provide weekly updates, given the delays. - be honest with us. - stop being ambiguous with timings to give the impression they are further down the track than they are. - stop spending time on other sales channels until they have caught up with their initial backers who have been very patient and who deserve loyalty. - stop offending their own customers publically on social media - stop deleting messages on social media that ask valid questions about what is going on  - stop blocking their own customers on social media that ask valid questions about what is going on - hire a social media person who can be bothered to reply to specific questions, rather than lazily repeat the 'see the update' mantra in short, i want them to be a totally different company - so i won't get my wish. the company above is a company that will fail. they had a golden opportunity and they have made a total hash of it, through alienating their core customer base. well done baubax.
@ alex - yes, the jackets are well overdue, even by the update 15 schedule - as i tried to indicate in my response to phoug. what i was trying to say was that now the updates would also be overdue, along with the jackets. maybe i didn't say it clearly enough. i assume what you want them to say is "we're still running behind our schedule." that's about all they can say, except to give details on the reasons for the delay. but, that doesn't tell us anything we don't already know or can discern. the fact that they haven 't said anything tells me that they are running behind schedule. the only useful thing they can tell us is when the jackets actually start leaving the distribution centers.
@bruce, i've got to take issue with that comment "after today, both the jackets and the updates will be overdue." the jackets are already very considerably overdue. they said (in what was a delay of a delay) they would start sending them from january and each backer would get a tracking number. they even said on 29 january on social media that jackets were still going out from end of january. not one backer has reported receiving a tracking number as at 14 february, at least 2 weeks further on from this. the update is already very considerably overdue. "during this intense process we haven’t communicated often enough and for that we apologize. we pledge to you that we will provide more regular updates going forward" q) where is the more regular update? a) see every other failure from baubax, a shambles of a company that has received huge financial support from the backers (us) and has totally destroyed all trust and goodwill through their own basic communication failures.
re update timing - i saw that the last three "updates" have actually been about three weeks apart, give or take a day or two. of course, most of us don't think the dec. 23 "update" really counts. however, it has now been exactly one month since the last update - jan. 14. after today, both the jackets and the updates will be overdue.
@ phuog - if you, and others, would take time to read the most recent comments (usually over the past several hours), you would see that your questions have been answered, and answered again. as of feb. 14 (the day i had hoped to give a jacket to my wife for valentine's day) we have no evidence of anyone receiving a jacket. it does not appear that any jackets have yet left the distribution centers. at least no one has posted that they have received a carrier tracking number. some even question as to whether all the jackets have arrived at the distribution centers. the only things that are relatively clear are that the schedules from update 15 and that of baubax support e-mails are no longer valid. the lack of an "update" now makes me believe they are still running behind (way behind?) their re-revised plans. they apparently don't want to say anything until they have some "good" news - shipments leaving the centers.
no jackets yet...still waiting...running out of patience. never antiipated that it would take this long. a little disappointed.....i hope the jackets are worth the wait!
hey guys, has anyone received their jacket/s yet?
well said, @steve.
from their last update on jan. 14th, they said at least us shipments will start and go throughout feb.  well feb is half over and i dont think anyone has received anything...
@justin, the majority of us are able to restrain ourselves from using such open and, frankly, obscene language. please don't represent yourself as expressing my feelings or opinions; i am quite capable of doing it myself without the profanity.
world's best jacket. stretch bonus world's worst service.
dear baubax team, can you please provide an update on the status? if not, i kindly ask you to proceed with the refund of my pledge. thank you for a quick answer
yes it will.. it gave me some relief in letting out my emotions in a place where i can safely say a majority of ppl are feeling the same.. which is why a place like this exists.. to leave your thoughts about the company and the product (which i believed in)
complaining wont get you anywhere mate,
beaubax is a fucking sham..! not one single update or mass email to all their backers apologizing and specifying when they can, if ever, start shipping their products to us.. because of beaubax, i will never trust a kickstarter company ever; and will make sure i soread the word that beaubax is a money-grubbing, geedy as fuck company who thinks they can "bribe" us with a foldable water bottle for their lack of concern for their consumers...
regarding the following: kurt johnson (glitchhawk) about 12 hours ago stop worrying about the lack of updates. most projects/creators lack communication skills. heck most humans do in general. just because we aren't getting updates doesn't make it a scam. skreenstv hasn't posted an update since jan 5th but nobody is worried over there. on the other hand znaps had an update a few days ago but people are freaking out over there too. lol i present the following, and leave it at that. risks and challenges our team is comprised of seasoned entrepreneurs, fashion designers, user experience designers, and supply chain experts with more than 40 years of entrepreneurial and manufacturing experience, so rest assured the jackets will exceed your expectations. we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. we have identified and locked in our manufacturers who will be able to ship within 60 days of successful project funding, so you can enjoy your very own baubax jackets before the winter travel season kicks in.
it is not the "world's best jacket", it is marketed as the "world's best travel jacket". when we all receive our jackets, we may decide it's one or both or none of these epithets.
wtf happened to the world best jacket, by the time it reaches us, its not the best anymore.
@ david gutierrez - no one has gotten a tracking number because no jackets have been shipped. it has nothing to do with the amount of money raised. the tracking numbers will come from the carriers after they have picked up the jackets from the distribution centers. as some of us discussed earlier, there is some question as to whether the jackets have arrived at the distribution centers. even if they have arrived, they will have to be sorted into the individual orders. that will take some time. so, we are, at best, probably several days or a week or more before we will begin to see any orders leaving the distribution centers.
@carey, could not agree more.
to me, it's not that i haven't received the jacket. there's any number of plausible and reasonable explanations. manufacturing is tough. what is really the heart of the problem is that the timeline for them receiving all the us jackets in their office, and in transit to backers, but they haven't bothered to update their backers. there's no "skill" required to post an update on where things sit, whether they are on-time or delayed. only laziness or a desire not to deal with their investors (us) is an explanation, and neither of those are acceptable.
the world’s best travel jacket was on the top 10 most funded kickstarter projects at $9,192,055......and can't even email us a tracking number. supposedly 1000 random people received their jacket but none of them have posted it here or done a review on youtube. this is why i'll never fund anything again.
anyone have a theory as to whatever happened to the supposed delivery of 1,000 jackets in december from their "hong kong warehouse to randomly chosen customers based in asia "? oh, i have a theory alright...
@bruce there is also no clear evidence we will get the jackets, either. its schrodingers kickstarter.
third trip. no jacket. excitement has waned. #disappointed.
@ james - you most likely cannot. you did not make a purchase. you made a contribution (investment, donation, whatever) to fund this project. for that you were offered a reward of one or more jackets if the project succeeded.. since there is still a good possibility that we will get our jackets at some point, you will get your jacket for that contribution. many people made the mistake in assuming that original target delivery date was set in concrete. and baubax made an even bigger mistake in thinking they might make that deadline. while a number of commenters here would disagree with me, there is not yet any clear evidence that baubax will not eventually meet its obligations.
how can i get a refund?
@ang no one at all appears to have received a tracking number. rather than respecting their backers and issuing an update to explain the delay, baubax have gone into hiding, which is pathetic cowardice. backers deserve: - not another broken pledge or empty statement e.g. 'we pledge to communicate more often' - not another insulting link to buy more jackets - not a plastic water bottle that probably cost less than twenty cents given baubax's myriad failures, backers deserve an update that is clear and unambiguous and from then on more regular updates.
anybody received a tracking number or some sort of confirmation that it's being shipped out? it's now mid-february and there hasn't been any updates since the last one in january. since the jackets are in hong kong, getting a tracking number shouldn't be an issue, no? hong kong ships things out fast - at least to countries like singapore, where i'm based.
@dang, in the last update buddy. "please share the final fabric composition for each jacket, i need it to calculate the import duty in my country? our fabric details are: sweatshirt: 60% cotton, 40% polyester. machine washable. windbreaker: 100% polyester, with water-repellent coating. jersey lining. machine washable. bomber: 100% polyester soft shell outer fabric. polyester lining. smooth outer surface easily slides away snow. machine washable. blazer: 70% polyester, 30% rayon. polyester lining. fabric treated with wrinkle free solution. requires professional dry cleaning."
stop worrying about the lack of updates. most projects/creators lack communication skills. heck most humans do in general. just because we aren't getting updates doesn't make it a scam. skreenstv hasn't posted an update since jan 5th but nobody is worried over there. on the other hand znaps had an update a few days ago but people are freaking out over there too. lol
seriously? better compensation then a free item that can be very useful for travel? we don't deserve compensation for backing a project on kickstarter. we offered our money to them for an idea. this is the very definition of kickstarter. every project has a chance of not making it and the money being lost. nobody should ever back a project with 100% certainty of receiving something.
where did you see that sweatshirt  is no more 100% cotton guys ? thks
so for delivering our jackets several months (at this rate, could even be a year or more) late, we get a crappy water bottle? hiccups happen, but you have to provide better compensation than that. i recommend at least a partial refund. furthermore going mia and ignoring us is cowardly and reveals much about your integrity as a business. acknowledge your failings and do better - no more excuses.
i wonder if baubax is getting a feature segment on a future episode of the show and it was just coincidental that there was a crowdfunding segment this weekend.  either way bruce is right; its saccharine infotainment and no one should expect anything more than highlights of all the jacket features.
@ nick wallace, @ david markland - re: scheduling/delivery uncertainties: i applaud nick for his efforts to provide a more detailed analysis of the situation, even if david had to correct his timeline somewhat. this just shows we still don't really know much. i had been pushing the e-mail response another commenter got a few days ago as a possible example of timeline. however, yesterday, another commenter noted that they had received the same response two weeks earlier. so, while i had described that as the "most accurate" inform ation we have, it now appears to be highly inaccurate. too much time has passed for it to have much validity. but i will still go out on a limb and say we might have our jackets sometime in march or april.
well, the cbs program was a bust. no mention of baubax. one segment of the show was a generic story about ks and indiegogo. the show is one of those saturday morning "educational" shows the networks are required to show in place of the cartoons we used to watch on saturday mornings.
he you go https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cbb47dvwwaeb2dc…
@lyml100: probably hear from them sometime after lny holidays.
@baubax  you are ridiculous. learn how to handle a kickstarter campaign before starting it, refund my money.
@nick you are ridiculously forgiving. they received $9m on kickstarter alone - most businesses don't see that turnover in their entire lifetime - and when they do it is from pure-play customers.  we are more than that. we are the lifeblood of their organisation, having allowed them to invest growth capital into their business at their inception. "i don't know why anyone really expects them to reply that often" i do and it's because they got $9m. that is more than enough money to provide regular updates on here. how they treat us with occasional and misleading updates and blocking customers who dare to ask valid questions on social media, is a disgrace. baubax are a disgrace to kickstarter.
@david markland, you are correct! my mistake, shave a week, should be hearing something in the coming week then i'd say if the timeline is correct for the us masses.
@avi that's for students, as for other things, people are going back to work on monday in taiwan& hong kong. some already started on friday.
@nick the update actually says the shipments will arrive at the baubax warehouses, not the ports, at the end of january, and begin deliveries immediately. their words. so, yeah, some people are expecting that deliveries should have already begun.
到底什么时候发货啊？妈蛋
just because it can repel snow doesn't mean it's a cold weather jacket, it would just imply to me it's suitable as an outer layer that isn't going to get drenched. it's usually the bottom layer i'd be using to really keep the warmth in, a nice thick cotton undershirt would be the one i'd really be expecting to keep me warm. someone link to the kat dawson rant? she gives me such a giggle :d also as they said in update 15, the orders in the us should have been arriving at the end of jan, say a week for them to go through customs etc... another week to probably start sorting them and getting them into the postal system and then at least another week for travel, i'd say even in the us you won't start receiving any tracking details till next week sometime. was anyone expecting they'd actually hit the us shores and instantly be shipping out? for the rest of us assuming the orders were in the hk fullfilment center before cny then we should expect to start receiving tracking next week or the week after depending on when their workers start getting back in. so most likely start receiving around 1st or 2nd week of march would sound about right. honestly, i personally won't be getting worried unless i don't have any tracking info or have not heard of others receiving their tracking details by the end of this month. i don't know why anyone really expects them to reply that often, they've said before they have  a team of 7 only, i think 3 of those were their "support staff" can you imagine being only 1 of the 3 people that have been tasked with responding to up to 45,000 backers?! dear god that job would suck!! not to mention the minority who make the majority of the demands and send the most emails which severely clogs the system. should they have hired a few more people? probably, i'm guessing they were hoping to placate us for a another month and thusly get through without having to spend a bunch of money on extra staff. i'd say that didn't quite work the way they thought and they'll regret it later, but they won't put any extra on now. and for all the apocalypse, doom and gloom prophesiers, let's be perfectly honest, this will hurt them a little, but companies have faced far worse and gotten through it. a couple of months after this campaign they'll come out with new products doing it the old fashioned way and likely do a great job and not have to face the problems they faced here and still probably do quite well. we are after all only 45,000 out of a population of a few billion in the world!
@jacob if the announcement is, "watch this clip of us on cbs!" i'll vow off wearing any sort of jacket. ever. again.
"hi don't hold it to me but i think there will be an announcement monday (or tuesday cuz of the holiday) -price"
this is the very first campaign i've ever supported, so i was really nervous about shelling out so much money for something that may not come to fruition.  it's not the best experience for me so far, but i have faith that baubaux will eventually fill my order.  i'm going to take this as a learning lesson on how there are drawbacks with with kickstarters who are "successful". having a great idea is one thing, but actually getting to the final product is another.  i will continue to think positively so that i will eventually be able to enjoy this truly great idea. being negative really won't change the situation, so good luck baubaux!
@andrew- i agree.  another campaign was set to be on schedule but the manufacturing plant had completely shut down and the creator had to start nearly from scratch.  he told us about it right away, was open about his frustration and feeling a bit depressed.  he received nothing but support and love, and let us know that because of positive response, it helped him get back on the horse again.  he was able to get everything done rather swiftly and only ship out a few months late.  this is a community.
oh boy another 1.5 months. hopefully it's going to be a bit fo a colder spring..
@shabaz they sent that email to me word for word about 2 weeks ago. i think they have a list of scripted messages to copy and paste. i'm still excited for my jacket, and understand the complications that could come up. just really, really wish they were more upfront regarding it. half the fun of kickstarter is seeing and reading about how complications that come with growing from proof of concept to shipping for a new product or company. and i feel like even if it takes longer to get it when companies communicate these kinds of things it builds support. all the ducking and dodging baubax has done is going to ruin their chances of long term success. can't imagine many people recommending them after this. even if the jacket is awesome any goodwill i might have is fading quickly.
agent 005: good day, i do believe that orders have started to arrive at our distribution points and they will start going out over this next week. as the campaign was so large it will take about 6-8 weeks to completely send out all the orders. unfortunately i don't have any information when in that period your specific order will be going out. as soon as your order goes out, a tracking number will be created and emailed to you. i hope that answers your question. have a wonderful day. -price
what's the likelihood of getting a refund, i've since received my two other kick starters projects i backed after this one! and they had shipping issues as well....
@chris corwin: they were taking orders through indiegogo(not sure if it ended yet or not...but i know it was happening) practically the same day this campaign ended(as far as i've heard, never did look at their indiegogo page).
i just noticed that the jacket product is being offered on and through touch of modern.  spied it in the apple app.  so they are still taking orders??? maybe they should try shipping all of ours first before expanding their retail advertising sites....
@ michael chorney - well, where i live in the southeast u.s., 45f is "cold." :) @ david - polyester might be okay. it just depends on how it's woven and how thick it is.
@eagan kao: key part in there being if they are on schedule.
@avi all the goods for asia market is stored in hong kong warehouse. the cny is ended this week. some people even need to work on this friday. so, they should start to pack and send out jackets next week if they are on schedule...
@taylor chen the festivities are for 15 days, the holiday isn't over until february 21st.
anyone want to guess the over/under on when @kat dawson rant (i mean letter) posted on twitter finds it's way to this comment section?
cny holiday just ended, if they're not lying about the 'shipping' timeline, people should start receiving shipping notices... hopefully...
with them stating it should repel snow, it should be good to at least -3c(current temperature here, and it's snowing).
even though the bomber's only rated as "comfortable" down to 7 c they like to advertise that the outer lining repels snow, so they must expect that it's usable down to a few degrees below zero.
@bruce -- the bomber isn't a "cold-weather" jacket -- more of a spring/fall jacket.  it is only rated down to 45f/7c.
borrowed @david markland's comment below. i just tweeted as well. go do your part guys, let them see the real baubax beneath that smile. "it looks like baubax is going to be featured on cbs tv this weekend in a segment about crowdfunding. if anyone wants to send a tweet to the producers, offering thoughts about the project from a backer's perspective, send it to stephanie himango ‏@shimango and @cbsinnovationtv."
after that image comparison was posted last night and a few people replied to it i went back and read update 15 and it says that the bomber has a polyester lining.  for whatever reason no one has really complained about that as much as the sweatshirts.
@ taylor chen - i suspect that if and when someone gets an actual shipment notice, it will posted here 5 seconds later. until then don't hold your breath. @ jess  - you never can tell about baubax, but i cannot believe they would sell a cold-weather jacket without some form of lining. now what quality and how thick we will not know until they arrive.
@ david m. - got it. thanks
**the email
has anyone received they email they said would be send out once your jacket is shipped?
no thanks, you guys corrupted him and encouraged the douche behaviour. he is now yours.
@owen but you sent us justin bieber. take him back please.
@helmet: i would hope so. we aren't the usa, or even part of it in any way other than sharing the same continent.
any idea if canada is counted in the "non us" category?
does anyone know if the bomber jackets are still fleece lined?
innovation nation. schedule is on the site. http://cbsdreamteam.com/the-henry-fords-innovation-nation/
@ david markland - is this on their 60 minutes sunday evening show, or on some other show?
it looks like baubax is going to be featured on cbs tv this weekend in a segment about crowdfunding. if anyone wants to send a tweet to the producers, offering thoughts about the project from a backer's perspective, send it to stephanie himango ‏@shimango and @cbsinnovationtv. (thanks to @alex jarman for pointing this out).
with respect, if baubax are telling the truth, production was complete by january 15th latest, so fabric and sewing times - whilst interesting - are not relevant any more. there is zero explanation for why none of the supposed 1,000 asian 'sent in december' customers have reported received their jackets. did they send them on the back of a sloth?
@bruce gilliland: well, not really. i still don't have my comics. :p
@ robert burke - you may have posted comments before, but i don't recall seeing you earlier. your experience should provide us with some insight into what is going on. thanks. we just wish baubax had told us this. @ owen gm - okay, you "win." :)
i have been producing outerwear garments in china since 1985. orders much larger than 45,000 pcs. china has very sophisticated production facilities. the orders should  take 30-45 days to produce the fabrics and 30-45 days to sew , one month for shipping to north america or europe and another month to organize each customers order..
also, @bruce gilliland, 1 year and counting? that's not all that much, especially for something that has technical and design specs that could cause delays. try 4, yes four, years of not getting a reward from a campaign. as of this time last year, i have stopped even looking at that page to see if there is any new update. and before i forget to mention...it was for a web comic that was being printed, and turned into a book. i ordered all four volumes, last update the books were in. so, you can take a back seat in the waiting line.
there is a high chance that when i finally get the blazer i selected, that i will try it on, then turn around and sell it right away. i was able to buy two, well made regular blazers, for less than what i paid for this one. and i got to try them on before i bought them too, so that's a bonus.
i am expecting major delays, poor communication and a poor product. the two former have convinced me of the latter. lesson learned.
@ m. a. - that is true. but my bigger concern is what will we get when the jackets do arrive? the complaints about delays and lack of communication will be nothing compared to the firestorm that will erupt if only a small portion of the jackets fail to meet our quality expectations. my biggest concern is will they fit. people were having to estimate what size they should order. even though detailed sizing charts were provided, i suspect some people will have guessed wrong. also, i know from experience that two jackets labeled the same size are not the same size. i went up a size on my windbreaker just to be on the safe side. then there is the potential for poor workmanship. in spite of the delays, this was a rush project. it will take only a few hundred of the 45,000+ backers to get something that doesn't fit, or is poorly made, or is the wrong color, etc. to blow this project to kingdom come (folks in the southeast u.s. know what i mean).
@bruce i think we have already given up on pursuing delay issues and are rather more disturbed by their seemingly non-existent presence in communicating with backers and writing reasonable updates to help ease our anxiety.
@ june - jackets 1 year after campaign? well, that would still be better than my coolest cooler - 1 year and counting.... actually, if the jackets exist at all, i i believe they do, most of us should get them by april at the latest. see lh's comment just below yours about when they might start shipping.
i think we will receive our jackets this sept instead.. 1 year after the pledge end
i think when the boxes arrive at the us port- it would take a week or two to be cleared by the custom . then when they are cleared then they would start unpacking and start the shipment. so i would expect the shipping would be started on the 3rd or 4th week of feb . i would like to see it sooner, but sometimes it takes a while to be cleared by the custom.
same here... have not received yet...
are these boxes in the update 15 empty?
have yet to receive delivery - alex is correct
baubax has time to smile for photoshoots but not to spend 5 minutes updating the financial backers that got them off the ground.  so far they have delivered nothing. it's just insulting... https://twitter.com/search…
neither have i. and no response on emails too.
@bruce, agree with you
i still haven't received yet:(
anybody received their jacket? is this a scam?
@bruce the idea of trying to nail down a predictable or exact date is kind of beyond me. gave up on pursuing that much thanks to baubax's terrible handling. we're now just floating along lifelessly at baubax's every whim and fancy. fingers crossed and here's to hoping.
@jackson lim my thoughts exactly, minus the f*&# lol @hyojin kim none of us have received it yet, baubax will deliver, it is only a matter of when.
i didn't receive the product.... i wonder whether i can receive or not.....;(
the "pocket bottle"? wtf?
just now catching up on comments after several hours having to do real stuff. @ alex, @ m.a. - re: comments on "trial run" and communications - i can't disagree with what you say. as to my re-stating what midori posted, i believe i qualified it by saying that this was not an official "update," but in my opinion it was the most accurate information we had. it did show that the last update's proposed "schedule" was no longer valid. it certainly may not be absolutely 100% accurate since it did not give specific dates. and like previous pronouncements, it may also become not accurate as time goes by. and i also stated earlier that we would not see an update until they were ready to brag that shipping had started. only then would we know what the shipping schedule would be like. so, until we get that update, nothing is set in concrete - except baubax's "shoes."
has anyone received their product?
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php… ^^ check out the above picture
to assume that someone's concerned would be to be as you've said - gullible and naiive. chances are whoever's doing that is simply doing his or her job. i wouldnt be surprised if whoever that is quits almost a week later :/ that said, cheer up guys. at least it doesnt take 2 years
@steve my issue wasnt the change - i appreciate material changes can happen. my issue is that they were aware of the change long before the campaign ended but neglected to update the description and notify backers. this is effectively false advertising. i'm glad someone at baubax is reviewing these emails and not dismissing them, which could be a positive sign someone there is concerned about backer issues.
@david i did not receive a refund yet. baubax has been all talk so far. i will not believe it until i see the notification from paypal. trusting someone who repeatedly doesnt follow through on their word is gullibility, if not idiocy.
hopefully the fact that someone got a refund settles the scam/fraud question once and for all.
@nick wallace. their policy is no returns on kickstarter rewards. they will exchange sizes, but shipping both ways is at customer expense (and i think would take forever to happen).  if david backed because the product was listed as 100% cotton, and no official update notified him of a change before the campaign ended, it was perfectly reasonable for him to seek a refund. mind you, there is no obligation on baubax to do this; product specs change all the the time on kickstarter as development progresses.
@david markland, that is good to hear, obviously you wanted 100% cotton and weren't going to get it so fair enough, personally i think it's better to wait till the product arrives and see what it's actually like then but then i suppose you'd have to pay to have it sent back to them as well, of course you could have chosen the cheapest, nastiest, slowest freight service you could find and then let it take a few months to get back to them if you really wanted to!
emailed about my jacket: thanks for your email. we're not actually going to attempt to answer your question, as it's against our ethos to give a straight answer and we prefer to upset our customers by sweeping things under the carpet but maybe if we end on a bright and breezy final comment, we'll get away with it.
emailed about a tracking number "thanks for the email. we do not have specific dates of shipment for each order.however, we are diligently working to get this resolved and we will provide trackinginformation of your order once your order has left the warehouse. thank you foryour patience and support. wishing you a great day ahead! anne"
of course not, they chose hong kong, one of the best low taxe place in asia with shanghai and singapore ..
@ christophe bun; hope they aren't holding it in a japanese bank, negative interest rates!
and moving to seattle allow them to do not pay any income taxes.. smart move
i'm wondering how much you can earn from bank interests with 9m for 6 months. but the longer you wait to pay the fabric, to pay the shipment, etc, the more you win.
@david markland makes me wanna do the same thing as you did. i did not back for the sweat shirt though. wonder what other reason i could use besides the already given reason of their horrendous levels of comms and silence.
well done @david. baubax have singlehandedly ever put me off buying from ks again. i can handle lots of delays but not the way a ks company treats what are essentially its seed capital providers. we took massive risk for next to no upside. we deserve better.
it's the birthday gift, which was supposed to be, in jan. ...... i'm in hong kong and i did raise my question: " no need to bother you! i can pick by myself!" the answer is no! and the most weird is that seldom post claimed that they got the jacket thought baubax claimed that delivery was made.
major update: baubax just informed me they are refunding me my pledge amount via paypal. my complaint to them was that i pledged for a 100% cotton sweatshirt, but they switched materials during the campaign yet never notified me or other backers, nor updated the materials on the page.
@raoul: as far as anyone here can tell, no, not yet. quite possibly not even the distribution centers. but that is something that baubax will(ha! not going to happen!) need to elaborate on.
so nobody has received their jackets then huh?
@fransan: in answer to both questions: planet earth. still to be determined. (sorry, can't help it since it's being asked way too often, 99% of the time within a comment or two of each time)
this is ridiculous, where are the jacket we backed ? is this project a scam ?
@jen kwon the project creator did log in but as expected, there was no update or written reply. let's just wait and see what happens *fingers crossed* @bruce agreed. while there are worse projects out there, there are also alot of other better projects who may not be as big and "famous" or bigger and more prominent, but nonetheless do great comms. a comparison has to be made on both ends of the spectrum otherwise there will always be an excuse of a "worse project so they aint that bad" cliche. we are willing to be patient, as long as there is good comms.
agreed @bruce. but having been misinformed on so many occasions, i take everything with a pinch of salt and yet you seem to think that midori's email represents something like "accurate information". they stated  1) "we were able to do a trial run, shipping out approx 1,000 jackets to randomly chosen customers in late december" 2) as of 15 jan, 50% of the jackets were in the hk warehouse, ready to ship. this goes beyond pr inexperience - no one has reported receiving a jacket. were they lying about the trial run? that would be a disgusting way to treat their financial backers...
is there anyone from baubax reading the comments and may be start doing a better job in pr? we just need an update/statement.
@ alex - yes, an official "update" would be nice. but if you recall from one of my recent posts, i said (actually before you said the same thing), baubax will not release an update until they can brag that the shipments have started. that lack of experience i referred to below and earlier, includes lack of experience in public relations - as we all have noticed. we don't like it but we have to accept that baubax's lack of experience in many areas has put them in this situation. but they are not alone. look at the coolest cooler campaign to see where massive numbers of backers, a complex product, and many manufacturing problems have resulted in a delay of more than a year now. so, alex, i believe you and i are saying a lot of the same things. we just say them in different ways. that's public relations. :)
@ blanche - you were charged on your credit card just after the campaign closed last september. so, you paid about 5 months ago. but that is the way all ks projects work. as others have stated, this is not a retail operation where you get your product immediately or within a few days from regular online stores.
i don't remember..did we actually pay for these jackets already or are we billed when they are shipped?
@ bruce gilliland lack of experience leading to wrong projection is understandable if they have an update. if there would be some official response saying "until ~~ date we have shipped out to ~~~ people, we still have ~~~ to go. sorry for the delay, we've encountered more obstacles than we imagined. thank you for the support and please bear with us." doesn't have to be long an official update. not a no response situation.
the trouble @bruce with "jackets were being received at the distribution facilities" is that "being received" could mean "being received in the next few hours or "being received in the next month or two". and this info should be on here, not in response to an email. similarly "i do believe that orders have started to arrive at our distribution points" is equally vague and evasive. what us risk-taking backers deserve to know immediately via an update is: - where are the jackets today? - when will they be at the distribution centres, give or take a week? - over what period will they then be sent out, give or take a week? this update could be three lines long and take 5 minutes to write. but baubax don't answer these questions. some would say they are spineless cowards and prefer to bury bad news.
@ rolts - yes, the snickers ads are funny. but unfortunately, we know that they cannot be taken literally - just like the baubax "updates."
@ alex, @ nick - while i don't totally agree with alex's overall negative view of baubax and this project, the two of you did make the point well - people simply do not read the other posts to see what has been said. so, i will follow alex's approach and repeat - for the third time in two days - what is probably the most accurate information we have. note that this is not an official "update" from baubax, but it is the best we know right now. a few days ago midori posted a response she said she got from baubax support. it said, in effect, that the jackets were being received at the distribution facilities and shipments would be completed in 6-8 weeks. in my reposting, i noted that this was consistent with what another poster had said a few days earlier. so, if this is a reasonable response from baubax, we can hope that shipments should begin soon - maybe in the next week - but could extend down into april. yes, this is not what was said in the last update. so, they have missed their projections again. and i will repeat what i said yesterday. baubax was overly optimistic about the manufacturing process and delivery schedules. this is most likely due to their lack of experience. i won't waste any more time and space repeating all the other things i have said about baubax in recent posts. but if in the next few hours, we get more people asking why they have not gotten their jackets, then we will know that they did not take time to read this post.
where is it ? when ?
i was living in beijing until late december didn't get my jacket. now i'm in seoul, no jacket. while i was waiting for the jacket i had enough time to gain 5kg -> lose 13kg, have a boyfriend not have a boyfriend, quit my job->apply for grad school->quit that apply for another gradschool... is it just me or is baubax taking a veeeeerrrrrrry loooooooonnnggg time to send the jackets???!
@nick, fair enough
alex, don't you realise yet, the people posting here asking about the jackets don't bother looking at other comments or updates or anything like that, they just wants to knows "where is da jackets at?!?!". too many like that that want their hands held instead of trying to do a little research themselves.
i'll repeat my prediction so what is iikely is the following: - we will get an update in the next week or two, only when they have sent out the first jacket - baubax will do their usual spin and write something to the effect of 'everything is going great and jackets have been going out (which will be technically true by then), using clever ambiguous wording to give the impression that lots have been going out and for a longer period than the reality. - they will use lots of positive words and manipulative language to cover up their deficiencies. - after the campaign, they will try and play down their lack of commmunication e.g. 'some mistakes were made but we are proud of xyz' and lots of false modesty and endless banging on about being the most funding clothing kickstarter. - they will not establish themselves as a brand, they will disappear. what is definite is the following: - they will continue not to show their financial backers any respect. behaviours of the last couple of months demonstrate that this is their status quo.
still haven't gotten any of the jackets!!
where is all the jackets?!?!?!?!?
hi everyone, is someone in asia get his jackets ?
i thought of derailing for a bit. @taser, https://m.facebook.com/story.php… we found your kitty jacket being used by puppy lovers
when the time for review comes, be frank, pull no punches, and let the bullets fly. the wonders of social media and the web.
would appreciate if we can get another official update regarding the campaign. dates where goods are fully furnished to which countries and the estimated period of delivery. this is getting serious, it is getting frustrating as well.
any update please? from a worried backer - thanks!
not here to laugh at other's english but google translate sometimes screw up really bad..
hong kong back to work by today, so if still one get tracking number by this week, then we are getting into big trouble.
you guys are very disappointed in the way of treatment . winter is not one i finished this post . is your global swindler ?
you guys are very disappointed in the way of treatment . winter is not one i finished this post . what is your global swindler ?
so what is iikely is the following: - we will get an update in the next week or two, only when they have sent out the first jacket - baubax will do their usual spin and write something to the effect of 'everything is going great and jackets have been going out (which will be technically true by then), using clever ambiguous wording to give the impression that lots have been going out and for a longer period than the reality. - they will use lots of positive words and manipulative language to cover up their deficiencies. - after the campaign, they will try and play down their lack of commmunication e.g. 'some mistakes were made but we are proud of xyz' and lots of false modesty and endless banging on about being the most funding clothing kickstarter. - they will not establish themselves as a brand, they will disappear. what is definite is the following: - they will continue not to show their financial backers any respect. behaviours of the last couple of months demonstrate that this is their status quo.
has anyone received a jacket yet? as we're almost to the half way point of feb i'm beginning to wonder about mine...
rolts, great minds thing alike, i actually posted that exact same sentiment to their facebook just before i read your comment on the snickers! kat dawson, once again showing your keyboard warrior prowess and incredible observational skills there , it wasn't "steve" that said it to you, it was me, "steve" was talking about the usefulness of the jacket. i know, i get it, his mysteriously anonymous single name must have thrown you off your game a bit and of course me using my actual full name wouldn't then fit into your pre-concocted narrative of me lacking "life skills" or "living in my mothers basement". what did your "litigation" friend have to say btw?
looking for an update last i saw i was shipping soon...
@ steve; you've backed some tech campaigns, have you seen this one? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1187836018/qoometer-finally-a-smart-usb-cable-charger-tester
@ steve; "betty white on a dirt bike..."
they were even more vague with me: question: "i have two jackets that were rewards for my kickstarted pledge. last update on kickstarter indicates that they will be shipped before the end of february. can you confirm please? (if this is not the case, then why has an update not been put on kickstarter?)" answer: "thanks for the email. we do not have specific dates of shipment for each order. however, we are diligently working to get this resolved and we will provide tracking information of your order once your order has left the warehouse. thank you for your patience and support. wishing you a great day ahead! ~ anne"
@rolts. i'm a betty white fan.
the famously shifty, non-committal, some would say deceitful 'i do believe that' again.... when someone asks you you age, do you say "i'm 30" or do you say "i do believe i'm 30"...
thought i would post an email i received from baubax this morning. ------------------ good day, i do believe that orders have started to arrive at our distribution points and they will start going out over this next week. as the campaign was so large it will take about 6-8 weeks to completely send out all the orders. unfortunately i don't have any information when in that period your specific order will be going out. as soon as your order goes out, a tracking number will be created and emailed to you. for international orders (australia) your orders will be coming from hong kong, and they have far fewer orders then the the us so should be done before us as well. i hope that answers your question. have a wonderful day. -price --------------
@ baksam: glad the reference was understood. :-)
hey what's the hold up? i only ordered one jacket
@ elad rave: one of the reasons i don't believe it is a hoax/ scam/ fraud is due to the retail offering of the jackets on touch of modern'. the tom site is giving delivery timelines, for their retail of this jacket, at around the projected time of delivery to backers. it has been suggested that retail stock was produced along with the campaign rewards, and has been shipped together.   personally, i think it is reassuring that the jackets are being advertised on the tom site, as it indicates the jackets must be close to delivery to do this. the two issues that are agreed by all, even the creators, are delay and inadequate communication. my experience with kickstarter has been that in every case of successful projects i've backed, there has been delay in delivery of rewards. regarding communication: once the project was funded, communication from the creators was minimal. given the accusations and innuendo regarding the project as a whole, the slurs directed at the creators and even negative comments about the quality of the product, i'm not surprised that the creators have given the comments section a wide berth. some of the comments here would lead to slander and libel actions in my country.
"they're still only 3 months behind schedule" (that's 3 months and counting incidentally). your use of the word 'only' is what i find hilarious.
@rolts   hahahahahaha. snickers might not have been a bad idea. side note - thanks to you (and the few others who've been diligently answering questions) for everything you've said on here. it's been both entertaining and enlightening. i'm not the least bit concerned about my jacket arriving, they're still only 3 months behind schedule, but watching these comments play out has been an incredible experience. lol.
this is hilarious!  people are angry (for good reason) and are asking questions, and they still believe this is not a hoax! wake up people!  your money is gone.  you expect a group of people who don't reply messages to do something.  get the hint. we all fell for it (i backed 2 items). this reflects bad at kickstarter (i pulled back from other projects while i still could) and i don't intentto back up any other project for now. but some of the comments are really funny. i mean, after all, i just paid a few hounders on $$, i might as well laugh at it :)
@ steve @ bruce gilliland @ nick wallace; perhaps baubax should have sent out a snickers bar with each jacket instead of a collapsible drink bottle. don't know whether that reference will be understood by all.
@kyp teh try amazon,they ship to sg. and even have free shipping above usd 125.
shity promises .. its been more than month since the update of the update on the update on the actual time they have promise to deliver.
i still haven't received the jackets.....is there a reason they are so delayed??   mary natkin
the hell... i'm living in vietnam, i thought that with the proximity to hong kong i could get the jackets before lunar new year holidays ! can i dream about getting the jackets i ordered 6 months ago for my honeymoon next month ? :-/
hello, i live in canada, why i have not rcvd the jacket???
@ hydrax - as you note, it is not clear whether european backers will get their jackets from hong kong or from the u.s. east coast distribution point. while there has been no official "update," a backer posted a couple of days ago that an e-mail response from baubax indicated that jackets were being received at the distribution points and that shipments to backers should be completed in 6-8 weeks. i interpret that to mean backers could get their jackets anywhere from mid- to late february down into early april.
hi, can you give us/me an update about the shipping especially to germany and/or europe? in the latest update you wrote: "at this point we are not able to provide definitive dates on when each individual customer will receive his/her jacket. you will receive an email with a tracking number as soon as your jacket ships out of our fulfillment center." since this is now a month ago i hope you will have more informations. and i did not get a e-mail yet. i want to proudly wear it at the mammutmarsch http://www.mammutmarsch.de/en/ so there is still some time, but i an loosing my trust. bye, daniel
thank you @henry hsiang sia
anyone has any recommendations for other online stores for jackets? there was one posted way below but they don't ship to my country(singapore)
@ henry hsiang sia - i have to disagree with some of thefunkygibbon's comments on your post. there are production factors that probably have affected the delivery schedule. i am not in the retail clothing industry, but my 40 years working in the corporate world, and an mba, do give me some ideas about how things work. as i have noted in the past, many people who come to ks with an idea have just that - an idea - but not always a lot of actual experience. i think that's what got baubax into trouble. on the other hand, thefunkygibbon make a good point. baubax led people to believe they would begin shipping by late january. it now appears that shipping won't begin until mid-february at best. most people criticize baubax for their lack of communications. the real issue, in my opinion, is that baubax made overly optimistic target delivery dates, probably in an effort to get people to order the jackets, and then could never overcome the realities of mass production of multiple items. each new target date has failed - not because baubax was lying or scamming - but because they just didn't know how big the issues and problems were going to be. everyone, including the most critical attackers of baubax, most likely will get their jackets. to me, the time frame is secondary. if you think people are people are being nitpicky and ornery now, just wait until the jacket doesn't quite fit right, or there is a flaw in the workmanship. that is my real concern.
@thefunkygibbon do you have any idea how manufacturing works? yes there are economies of scale to an extend but if a machine can produce x widgets per hour max (continuously without stopping the line to replenish raw materials, maintenance, errors), if you get 1000x orders, you would need to procure and install an additional 999 machines. that takes time for tooling, testing, qc. plus there is ramp up to full production load. not to mention that if they expected a certain volume, they would have only given their raw material suppliers a forecast for that volume.  they would have to wait for their suppliers to ramp up their production to obtain the cloth, steel, zippers, etc. to produce the jackets. this doesn't even factor in the time to find the manufacturers that have the ability to create the tooling, the facility space and availability to create the items. oh and you mention "in the long run", that applies to a fully operational manufacturing facility, not a start up.  they won't get these economies in the first six months of production. maybe not in the first year. and before you question my credentials, i worked in manufacturing facilities for 10+ years doing anything from paper to consumer goods to surgical supplies. i've installed lines, done quality control and efficiency improvements so i know what it takes to produce an existing product and starting up production for a new product.
steve.  just steve with no last name (anonymous). steve who calls people looney and then rants. just a little ways up on this very page it says "created by baubax llc"  the name of the creator is clickable.  click it and tell everyone what you see and whether or not that is the person, if one is addressing the "creator", that we should be directing our comments to. as to the rest of the rant i'm going to chalk it up to you being young and having limited real world experience.  four points:  1:  i said "many", not "majority" 2:   my actions are based entirely on their horrific handling of their backers, not what i think their updates should be nor based on feelings (you must be projecting).  3:  i backed for six jackets, not one.  4:  the ministries you refer to?  they protect consumers.  i won't be writing or emailing.  i'll be calling today.  reading comprehension, steve.  it's a glorious thing. if you were trying to hurt me with your words over the internet from your mom's basement... you succeeded.  i laughed so hard i snorted choked on my coffee.
@hnery hsiang sia  do you actually know anything about producing a product?  it definitely sounds like you don't.   if they were expecting to sell 100 jackets, then the work needed to create this would have been pretty much the same as if they have to produce a million. the economy of scale means that it is generally much cheaper and easier in the long run to mass produce higher numbers (if you are ok with the risk... but they already have 'sold' all of the stock). the only difference is that they will be telling their sweatshops to create a lot more, which they can easily pay for upfront due to already having all of the money.  remember the point of kickstarter is so that people can go to market a hell of a lot faster and easier than if they were going to do it on their own, due to having already effectively sold their first run of products and have that money to create the product (and make a fair amount of profit on). i'm happy to sit here, granted its getting annoying with all of the promises and the lack of communication.  as many many others have stated, that, in this day and age, is simply inexcusable.    the fact of the matter is that they said that they were sending out the jackets starting at the end of jan.  it is now a couple of weeks in to that promise and noone has piped up to say they have received.   baubausasxx or whatever their name is should really just come clean with an update saying that there are problems or whatever.   the natural conclusion most people will come to will be that it is a scam as there is no excuse not to keep their customers informed. keep posting and moaning people.  i'm sure that they don't really read these comments, the lack of comms proves they don't really care.
@hnery hsiang sia agreed! hahaha go baubax go go go! no need to rush. i'm still happy to wait :d go go go!
i just don't see what all the fuss is about. sure they took more time than they promised, updates could have been more frequent. however think about it, they were only ready to make a small handful of jackets, then got a request to make tens of thousands in the same time frame. would you rather: a. receive something that is not up to par to what they promised? b. have them give up under all the scrutiny? or c. have the product they promised in the condition that is up to par or even better than i would have hoped for? i am a 22 year old, and to pass high school you need to pass intro to economics. supply and demand is what drives capitalism. they had to use the money we gave them to make sure that every single jacket can be made, not like only make half of them on time and then not have enough money to make the rest. if someone today gave you the invoice to make lets just say 10000 of some product and it needs to be done within a month, how much time would you need to spend to find some way of producing the material you need to make the product, somewhere to even make the product, plus a way to make all of them in the time frame. i want to see someone do this with no connections, and just money. because i truly believe this is not that easy. like yes winter is pretty much over for a lot of us, but whatever go do something productive with your day. because complaining on here/ on social media gets you no where closer to what you want. if you want to complain that this is a scam, neat. as long as i get the product i paid for. whats the big deal? they weren't even a fully operational company until we poured money into them. give them a break. it is easy to bash someone on the internet behind this screen of anonymity/ patience is a virtue, something a lot of us forget in this time of "same day delivery", or instant gratification. i am not some soul guru, or some buddhist monk. but like come on chill, if you really want to point the finger and blame someone else point at all of us backers that pour money, orders, and drama/stress we put on 20~ year olds. in the end i really don't know why i typed this out, but for goodness sake calm the hell down, live life to the fullest, no one wants to deal with harassment so don't harass others.
i like to read comments here from time to time. they are hilarious.
@jubo kim. what has winter got to do with it? these are "travel" jackets – for travelling – lots of pockets for stowing technology and travel essentials, a pillow, optional blanket, hood and eye cover to mention a few. sure you could wear it when it's cool outside, but it's marketing is firmly directed at travel convenience and comfort.  i, for a one,am not going to put this in n a cupboard for nine months of the year. it comes with me, indeed on me, whenever i travel. of course i'll not be wearing it in hot weather outside, but most airports,and pretty much all aircraft, are cool enough to wear it.
oh and let's not forget your "scathing letter" to yoganshi without even really knowing if that is the right person to direct it to.... and your earlier "sleuthing" to find out where they're on holiday, that one was kinda creepy actually. but hey, let's not let facts get in the way of a good rant when you don't "feel" like they've lived up to your expectations ;)
lol, kat dawson, textbook keyboard warrior! "i have many friends in high places, i am unhappy so evidently the majority of people are unhappy!! even though i can't actually point towards any proof that there is even a majority, more likely just a vocal minority." people like you base your arguments on emotion, the moment you have to base your argument on "feeling" like something is as you have done with basically all your arguments where you "feel" they don't update you enough, you already lost your argument. present facts, figures, actual numbers, even a crappy online petition. but sure, go ahead, contact all those fancy alphabet government organisations and waste your time, have fun! and seriously, why would the "canadian ministry of consumer affairs and ministry of attorney general" even care? have you just posted here or emailed them as well through their official email? you're acting like a ranting raving looney over a "jacket" from kickstarter of all places, of course they blocked you. and fyi people, they said more "regular" and "thorough" communication, once a month would still be regular you realise? just because you think of "regular" as being once a week doesn't mean it's what they think. but yeah, once again, have fun wasting your time, though it seems like you have a lot of it to waste and very little else to do.... maybe you should find a new hobby instead then when the jacket turns up you'll have a thousand little crocheted jackets for cats and a jacket for yourself as well?!
winter is leaving! you mother father gentlemen
i don't get it why this took so long. how lazy you are.  can i refund?
having worked in the fashion industry this kickstarter has bitten off way more than they can chew (sew). i hope it shows up eventually with quality construction. won't be funding anything else like this anytime soon.
i'm guessing i'm not the only one who's waiting for my goods. will be great to know when we will be getting them, if not we will all need to talk about getting our money back.
very disappointed.
calm down kat.  their signature lack of communication (26 days since their last update) is hardly a reason to rush off into litigation. and what would that achieve at this stage anyway? i agree that it's annoying that they're being unresponsive to the torrent of queries they're getting, but to me that's all it is for now – an annoyance. as for deleting critical posts on their social media sites, well that's their prerogative – also annoying for those who are particularly annoyed. but it's not proof of a conspiracy to defraud 75,000+ people.  i still feel confident that my jacket will eventually arrive, and it may be weeks or even months away; but my life or life-savings don't depend on it.
@kat seems to be the only one forming battle plans and taking proper steps to see this matter through. i, too am feeling vindictive so it is a joy to see all those plans laid out. i am on the other side of the world with different sets of laws so i am unfamiliar with the legal mechanisms. kat, you have the support of an internet stranger right here.
too many davids!
@david markland.  it wasn't you i was replying to.  it was the other david who goes by just david who seems to have some inside information even *i* don't have as to what i do or don't know or what i have or haven't been told.  sorry for the confusion!
@kat not every post i make is related to your comments - in fact, most aren't. i also have never defended baubax (you may be confusing me with the other, last name-less david). but i do agree going the bbb route is a decent option. baubax isn't a member, but having a negative rating even before they've even joined will be a sting especially since one thing the bbb rates companies on is how responsive they are to customers.
is it a problem david?  who has told me repeatedly it isn't a scam?  anyone?  someone from baubax?  nope.  kickstarter?  nope.  they certainly haven't.  people here hoping it isn't?  of course they have.  people here convinced it isn't?  yep.  are the backers able to provide proof positive it isn't a scam?  nope. i hate to tell you that not you or anyone else here can prove it *isn't* a scam.  not yet.  i haven't outright said it's a scam.  in fact the word i have used, in questioning the legitimacy of this project, is fraud.  is it a fraud?  i don't know, but it sure makes one wonder.  if it is a fraud, it's a huge one.  if it is a fraud it is going to cause a lot of  problems for kickstarter.  if it is a fraud.  that's what i've always said and, until they prove themselves while continuing to ignore backers, i'll continue along as i have been. you should be concerned.  very concerned about the complete contempt with which they treat all backers.  you are not special to them and they won't ship your order first because you've been a valiant defender. a good friend of ours is a litigation attorney.  we're long overdue for catching up so i think i'll give him a call tonight.  tomorrow i'll be contacting the washington state bbb, secretary of state, canadian ministry of consumer affairs and ministry of attorney general.  i'm too late for a charge back with my cc company since it is an international charge but they aren't the last resort. the breaking point for me was when i saw they blocked someone else on twitter.  that they blocked me after the fact matters not one whit.  i was already donning my war paint.  watch for baubax back in the news folks!
@bruce: i highly doubt mine will be here in the next 6 weeks, my nephew may just beat the jacket.
*sign* my wish of getting it for valentine's day is in vain.
when will we get our jackets? @ mario garcia, @ owen gm - you two may have posted about the same time i did (about 5 hours ago), but i had  tried to address your question in the comment right before yours. midori had posted yesterday the contents of a baubax support response to her e-mail. she was told that the jackets were arriving at the distribution centers and that it would be 6-8 weeks before shipments were completed. this is consistent with another comment from a few days ago that cited the same time frame. so my guess is that some backers might possibly get their jackets in the next week or so. there was a post yesterday, i believe, from someone saying that they had gotten two of the three jackets they ordered. i can't say how reliable the post was. six to eight weeks means we likely will be well into april before we all - hopefully - get our jackets. as i said earlier today, we probably will not see an official "update" until baubax can brag that shipments have actually begun. only then will we have a good idea about when they might arrive.
i heard that baubax is in league with the lizard people
actually, midori, it's still libel if you're making a statement (ie, this is scam!) that you can't back up, even if you believe it to be true. you could say, "this feels like a scam." in this case, just pointing out the facts is enough: baubax has not fulfilled on promises to regularly update us, has missed repeated deadlines, and has not provided evidence of any product having been shipped or delivered to backers (even though they claim to have done so months ago). this does leave customers legitimately concerned if they'll ever deliver product. communication has been scarce, and the only definitive answer baubax has given is that nobody gets a refund. none of that says "scam," but is unquestionably bad behavior.
the problem is that kat's been told repeatedly by kickstarter, and possibly other official third parties, that it is not a scam.  so short of actually taking her to court and getting a cease and desist order banning her from moderated discussions is about the only action that can be taken.
it's not slander/libel/defamation if people honestly believe that it's a scam. it's only slander/libel/defamation if you know it's not a scam but you claim it is one.
didn't see that
well, he liked one of kat's now-deleted posts calling him a liar so i would say the question's been answered.
david, i know he is probably but i was giving him a chance to prove that he isn't.
i'll call this a failed attempt at getting a good name for their business. scam? we'll see in the next 6 months if anyone receives their jackets, if not at that point, go ahead with the scam claims.
bobby, that guy you are querying about a shipping notification on facebook may be trolling.
the baubax sympathisers (@rolts being the exception for he is doing a fantastic job of being a de-facto handler.) were in control back then, but now they can't hold back the tide of unhappy backers with baubax digging their own grave and the obvious evidence which proves their lack of communication and poor handling. even if and when they deliver, the quality is another issue we may have to deal with.
i don't agree with all the talk of scam either and they have a right to delete posts because everyone who is saying it is a scam without justification is slandering their business.  you can say no communication but saying you are filing claims and taking legal action is going too far.
i feel like it's still a bit early to be calling it a scam, but then they're not exactly doing anything to make it look less scam like with such terrible communication.
facebook purging is occurring at this very moment.
@patricia it's not an "order" you pleged and you are being sent a "reward", the closest thing to an order number is going to be your backer # not that it really matters since they're shipping however they need to to get it out asap...but hey what do we know, it's not like we work for baubax or anything and answering on their behalf.
lol @melaine  yep.  i totally get you!  people are being blocked left and right on twitter right now.  i expect facebook page will be purged of dissent very shortly.
anyone else feel a weird sense of camaraderie/community? it's like i have thousands of new, angry friends who really get me. = d
just now, on twitter: user actions     follow  barrednone ‏@barrednone loll @baubax blocked me because i called them out re: their scam of a kickstarter. the offending tweet? barrednone ‏@barrednone  feb 8 so @baubax touts itself as #1 funded apparel kickstarter, but no communication, no product. i think a report to bbb or wa sos is in order. so arrogant and contemptible.  i am absolutely pursuing a chargeback with my cc company.  maybe i'll get it, maybe i won't, but i will be a monstrous pain in the butt for them.
i'm mainly hoping to receive my jacket before my trip on march 31. needless to say, it will be sorely disappointing if i don't.
i'm sure whatever ecards we get will arrive the day before valentines day and offer a 5% discount to pre-purchase the jackets on touch of modern.
touché @owen
@alex: penny store. they will invent a penny store just for this purpose.
i predict it will be simultaneously self-pitying, full of spin that would make a poitician proud and vague enough to allow further delays. maybe they'll give us something else free that you can pick up at a dollar store...
hello,  i want to inquire about my order, but do not have an order number to provide. was an order number ever given to the backers for this project? i can't find it anywhere in the emails i've received regarding this project.
i wonder what cute little e-cards they'll make this time...maybe cute tiny violins playing the world's saddest song? or maybe even an animated "have some cheese with your whine!" graphic.
@mario: realistically, between now and the end of time. that's as realistic as it will get.
can we get a realistic update on when we can expect to receive our products?
@ dominik - baubax does not have 100,000 customers and $20 million. you have mistakenly added the original ks campaign amounts (44,900+ customers and $9+ million) to the amounts shown on the indiegogo campaign which is just the ks campaign plus however many they got via indiegogo. @ midori - your post from yesterday where you cited a response from baubax confirmed what another person had posted a few days ago and which i cited in my post a couple of days ago. we are now looking at march at best and likely into april for some. the response noted that the jackets are arriving at the distribution centers and that it will take 6-8 weeks.to complete shipping the orders. while some folks might get their jackets by the middle or late february, a lot of us will not get them until march. while this is not an official "update," it probably is the best and most accurate information we have gotten in a long time. as i said in a previous post, baubax is not likely to post another update until they can brag about the start of shipments. only then will we have a good estimate as to when we will get our jackets. at least rolts and the down under folks may have theirs for their winter season.
has anyone actually gotten an update (tracking information etc.) about the jacket?
@kit. i know ms shah is a co-founder but that might be a nominal title, for marketing purposes (couple founds successful company is a good story) or tax reasons and she is certainly not holding herself out as a marketing or comms person. i personally think the buck stops with the ceo. so i think unless it can be established what ms shah's role is (and it may be that she has a full time job), then your email should be aimed at mr shah. his firm's basic failings to communicate honestly with the very stakeholders that provided critical seed capital is a sad endictment of the lack of respect he shows us.
this message is specifically for yoganshi shah. yoganshi. i notice you were signed on to kicksatrter a mere few days ago.  i've noticed many other times you've been logged on.  i have to assume those log ins were related to emails you received from kickstarter about projects you backed as the timelines seem to follow a pattern of creator announcements on those projects. although it really is too bad that some people use crowd funding to enrich themselves and, in return, wind up providing backers with bricks, i couldn't help but chuckle when i saw you backed piece.  you are now the proud owner of a useless piece of plastic because the app required from the developer is not trusted by apple.  some might call that karma. i realize you haven't delivered "bricks" to your customers.  i'm not suggesting that your product will be a brick.  i am, however, referring to how you have treated your backers in the most abysmal fashion. i would think, being entrusted to such a huge sum of money, that one would be elated that the internet community came together for them.  i assumed such trust would earn the community of backers a degree of appreciation and respect.  lastly, if i were a creator funded by such largesse, that i would, with honor and humility be keeping my backers in the loop and dragging them along, joyfully, on the journey. as a backer, i feel neglected.  many, many others do as well.  you know this.  you admitted as much in the last update you provided.  the same update where you promised improved communications.  the same update where you promised to increase staffing to answer our questions. at the same time you promised these things in your update, your twitter and facebook accounts, which had gone dark immediately after you received funding from kickstarter, came back online.  with one guy.  who only directed people back to the last update and proved to be somewhat disrespectful to people.  i didn't notice but people claim that posts to the facebook page were being deleted. he's been missing now for several days.  i believe the last message from him on facebook was the same day you last logged in.  i have seen some tweets since then.  but only to counter negative tweets to your third party sellers. i'm not whining about delayed delivery.  most people totally get that delays happen.  i'm not even whining.  i merely want you to know that i am dismayed by your lack of transparent communication and completely disgusted by your lack of professionalism. i will be spending the ample time i have on my hands today to pull every single interview and press piece about baubax.  i am going to contact the writer of each piece with a very detailed overview of what's been happening with baubax from the perspective of a backer. of you, i have only one request and that is to answer the following question... do you feel the least bit of remorse or shame about how horribly backers feel they've been treated?
baubax go go go! release the tracking number go go go!  :d
@ dominik rzepa: although it looks like it, baubax didn't raise $us20 million. the total shown on the indiegogo site includes funds raised on the kickstarter campaign. even so, they raised $us10.5 million.
@ leong hoe pang: there has been 'radio silence' from the project creators since the last update. update 15 had the revised delivery information. how reliable this information is remains unclear. according to the update, we would assume some backers would have received tracking information by now and possibly jackets. unfortunately this is no evidence that this has occurred at all.
@ rami dabain:; addresses have been locked down with baubax, having being passed to the delivery logistics group/s. apparently we are to get an email, hopefully with tracking. with some couriers you have the ability to redirect your parcel once you receive the delivery notification. hope this works for you.
i have changed my address, haven't received the jacket yet. where can i tell you guys about my new address ???
i have not heard from the team for a while since the last time asking for the address confirmation.  could someone share wth me the shipment plan?  it has been a while. thank you. hp
they definitely haven't got over 100,000 customers and kickstarter orders must come first. here's a crazy idea. use some of those many additional millions to hire some staff. sorry, too crazy...
@alan young wow! $20 millions altogether? nice... but i guess that makes them super overwhelmed with amount of work that has to be done - sending packages of various items in various colors in various sizes to over 100 000 people.... i hope that i will get my correct order in a month or two...
***je suis scottevest***
well, for those that need a tech jacket with pockets for everything right now.....i would suggest visiting www.scottevest.com.  they have various weight jackets, vests, hoodies, fleece jackets & shirts.  they are an existing company, that will ship the product immediately.  then when these jackets eventually arrive, you sell the one you don't like more to recover some of the money spent.
nearly one month already since the last update...not much update, not even a happy lunar new year, no product delivered, false promise.... i am trying to forget baubax and let it be a surprise if i suddenly get a jacket from them one day. happy lunar new year to all of you~
yoganshi shah  last login feb 3 2016 shame she can't take a few seconds to address the people who funded them.
for additional entertainment take note that different jacks on touch of modern have different delivery windows, some less than 6-8 weeks.
just noticed this... https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/world-s-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-baubax#/comments interesting wonder what their fulfillment plan is with respect to the 2 campaigns???
@steve: the following year that april is decided as expected delivery date. wonder if this will arrive before my nephew....
@david. the april expected delivery date actually means november in kickstarter.
yes, the side note is a fail - it's baubax's doing as it should work both ways. disgraceful absence of updates amounts to not cheering the backers on. not respectful and considerate for baubax to mislead us, issue the occasional half-truth and delete comments on fb that ask for simple facts that they don't want to address in their 'brush everything under the carpet' mentality.
lol @ the side note on the comments section: use this space to cheer the creator along, ask questions, and talk to your fellow backers. please remember to be respectful and considerate. thanks!
i do believe... pigs will fly.
clinton should have said "i do believe that i did not have s****l relations with that woman." what a shifty and insulting way to seemingly hoodwink your customers. be straight with us for once, you cowards. bs detector recording such crazy high levels, it's just exploded...
they "do believe orders have started to arrive"? this is a pretty simple thing to answer: call the distribution point or check tracking to see if stuff has arrived. if not everything but some, say "stuff has started to arrive!" or if nothing has arrived, say "no." considering they told media they were shipping everything with air freight, it doesn't seem like someone in the chain is being forthright and honest.
so, i just got an email from baubax after i contacted their support: good day, i do believe that orders have started to arrive at our distribution points and they will start going out over this next week. as the campaign was so large it will take about 6-8 weeks to completely send out all the orders. unfortunately i don't have any information when in that period your specific order will be going out. as soon as your order goes out, a tracking number will be created and emailed to you. i hope that answers your question. have a wonderful day. -price
yes @owen. or f for f*** knows (because baubax are too cowardly and/or lazy to inform us)
with you all the way sarah yune. if we can fund our own todd to come talk to us, it would be endless joy. a great goodness in the words of michael valentine smith. i am all for it, operation "fund a todd" for the win!!!!
@alex: or f for freight container at factory
@carbon leung  - f for factory
......... where the f is my jackets??
@david markland - bbb or the fbi's internet crime complaint center.
@sarah, i'd also back that project lol.
todd should get huge credit for his special use of the word 'soon' that he uses in the sense of 'not soon'.
@sarah, i would back that one
i'm going to start a kickstarter campaign to raise funds to get baubax's todd to spend one day actually answering questions and comments here. all backers will receive a hug, compliments on their hair and a funny joke.
nov, dec and jan i really wanna wear the travel jacket at that time. however actually i know it's impossible. and day after tomorrow i'll go to abroad again but i don't still have it now ... and now chinese new year so late late more late.  i guess almost people cannot get it in feb.  anyway i'm till waiting :) and i hope can get it until tmr haha
you know, someone *could* file a complaint with the better business bureau against baubax.
maby be big scam ever :o
@david - i actually only plan on using it for this one trip that i have to my grammy's this year that happens every year but i only bought this jacket for this one trip.  and then i am going to toss it and never travel again!!!
lol, everyone here was obsessed with using their jackets this winter and then throwing them away.  no one is going to buy a parka with an april delivery date.
happy chinese new year! :d
i don't understand. you're saying you are absolutely sure this is a scam @bryan. well baubax have the money so if you think they are scammers, they are obviously not going to give refunds.
hi guys, i bought 2 bombers, 1 for myself (male) and 1 female and as of now no news at all. i think we can all safely say that this is a big scam. may i know how can i get a refund?
@ david markland; thanks for that info. i was trying to clarify for sean that it was actually a business based in the usa, despite all manufacturing taking place in china.
i guess i don't care so much about the reality. i just don't like these people.
@rolts @sean harrington:  actually, there is not a valid llc filing on the state of california site for such matters -- but it does show that a filing made last august was cancelled: http://kepler.sos.ca.gov/ however, an llc does exist in washington state, and was registered on dec. 7, 2015: https://www.sos.wa.gov/corps/search_detail.aspx… (not sure why any of this matters either way, but 'dems da facts)
@ sean harrington: baubax is a company registered in san francisco, california. it is llc. a quick web search located the company summary:  https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/baubax#/entity and  https://www.owler.com/iaapp/12041118/baubax-company-profile and  https://www.linkedin.com/in/hiralsanghavi tl:dr; not a chinese company, chinese manufactured product.
possible that this is a chinese company that is ripping off everyone and knowing the chinese government will protect them. they promote shamelessly even while original backers are writing thousands of negative comments.  what is so stupid many backers who are getting ripped off are arguing on their behalf. doesn't make any sense.
i am so disappointed and feel scammed. where's my order?
oh look - another travel jacket!  at least the company seems responsive to the backers this time! :s https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/577214365/smart-parka-worlds-first-complete-winter-coat/description
hate to tell you don, but according to the last update...you're way at the bottom of the pile if you ordered different styles! not to mention being in the us. i'd expect around march at the earliest if i was you! and kat dawson, my god, you didn't just take that hook, line and sinker, you ate the damn rod, the fisherman and the boat too! chris breiter and trung thai kien, are you aware of how kickstarter works? oh boy, don backed the coolest cooler as well...yikes ;)
i want a refund. this is a big scam that even kickstarter does not seem to want to do anything about! what can be done to get kickstarter and this company to do anything? sue?
is there anyway for me to get a refund? i feel like if i ever do get this jacket, the quality will be garbage.
still haven't received the jacket either.  what are you doing baubax team? you got from us 9musd and delivery delays 4 months.
@don i'm 2,650 so wait in line
i am backer # 37,705 and live in houston texas.... as of today i have not received my jackets and sweatshirt i ordered. imagine my surprise when i received an email adverting the jacket and all items available on it's website on touchofmodern.com... why would they be selling at retail before fulfilling their backers orders?... the email touted the baubax as the #1 kickstarter  funded apparel item...where is my order??
how kickstarter are we meant to 'cheer the creator along' when the creator has pretty much only been bothered enough to contribute 1 comment on here out of thousands since the project was funded and that 1 comment was a link to a sales site to shift more jackets?
oh steve.  i suppose you're one of *those* people who talk about things like "disproportionate force".  lol
@ steve: http://i.imgur.com/wniaryj.gifv hey, when i get my jacket you'll see me around the central market and down brighton beach way. (should be cool enough to wear then.)
irony.  "being utterly rude to others on this forum", and  "what you've said reveals more about you".
please please please respond please please please send to me tracknumber !! if you reality sent to me the shipment !!!!! did you ship my package ? if you did, please give me the track number for my shipment ���� you are bad company
he caught me ^^
"hi, i ordered 3 bomber jackets to the us, but only received two of them, do you know when the other will arrive?" ok, so facebook man has posted again and he was being humorous. he wasn't a troll, he was satirising the non-existent jackets and fair play to him - there is a lot to satirise.
a person once said, "you can fool some people some time, but you cannot fool every body all the time."
color us skeptical based on a list of missed deadlines, false advertising, questionable claims and unfulfilled promises.
they claim to have sent 1000 to asian buyers ages ago. yeah right, not one of those have posted anywhere that they've received theirs... and obviously if they had sent a lot of jackets out they'd be singing about it, not deleting posts. their communication about their 'successes' is very good....
why are you guys assuming he's the first?  the only reason he posted is because he's missing a third of his order.
@alex god knows, it maybe a publicity stunt or a review writer? it will be really awkward (based on geographical location) if the factory is in hong kong and an individual from the usa gets it first.
"hi, i ordered 3 bomber jackets to the us, but only received two of them, do you know when the other will arrive?" bs detector on overdrive. seeing as the hong kong warehouse has the jackets ready probably a month or more befre the us, the first recipient will surely be from asia. there's no way to misinterpret that comment; it's not an innocent misunderstanding. it's a baubax stooge or a troll.
@david  you could go ahead and write that if that's how you feel and assume it is so.
"baubax you're communication is terrible!  i've spent the past week making a fool of myself in front of my friends and family on facebook, only to find out that you actually started shipping when you said you were going to start shipping!  you need to tell us what you already told us to keep us informed about what we already know!"
@david you're a smart guy, you can figure it out.
@david they've missed multiple targets, so even if these are real, boasting about "meeting delivery targets" is laughable.
lol, heat about what, actually meeting delivery targets?
@david and @david markland if he has the evidence to prove it, baubax is gonna be getting alot of heat.
@david i'm skeptical its real.
fb "hi,  i ordered 3 bomber jackets to the us, but only received two of them, do you know when the other will arrive?" - already wrote him a message ;)
that poor guy has no idea for the hurricane coming his way.
holy crap somone on facebook got their jackets.
right nick. we should all just sit back and say "meh!"   fine tactic for you if that's what you want.  meh away. if i prefer to take to twitter,facebook, here, wherever, that's my prerogative. not one iota of difference?  third party promotors are backing off and questioning the fauxbax peeps. i'd say that's accomplishing something.  justice warrior...  lmao.  you want to sit on your hands, except when being utterly rude to others on this forum, go for it.  none of my concern. what you've said reveals more about you than it does me and it ain't pretty. you have some notional idea that "something" can be "done" about the product if it isn't what it's meant to be?  yeah, i suppose so.  you could throw it in the trash.  or not.
a happy chinese new year to our chinese backers :)
i didnt even change addresses and i still havent gotten my sweatshirt.. what the hell.. even with your updated projection of delivery i still havent even gotten my sweatshirt  and it's near mid february.. i'm paying so much for shipping and customs and it is taking forever.. this is absolutely fucking ridiculous..
will i ever get my jacket now that i changed my address with baubax? reading through the comments i guess not... it is not about being swamped and postpone delivery dates but being fair and keeping your backers informed and answer to questions in a reasonable time. the greed of projects getting too big too fast.
my guessing is wrong, baubax not even care to leave happy chinese new year and pre-order link....
anyone else appreciate the irony of kat dawson telling others they obviously don't get what kickstarter is and what it means... yet she obviously has here a company that fails to communicate, doesn't respond to comments here and by all accounts doesn't even read them here yet still thinks by trying to be some sort of justice warrior and "exposing"  them etc... she will make even an iota of difference? not all "companies" here are that great, not all products are that great. not much you can do about the company really, only about the product if it isn't what it is meant to be. that's kickstarter, being a "veteran" and an "early adopter"  i would have figured you would have a thicker skin by now! ooooo, can the feel the flames rising? i think i've stoked them enough for everyone to pop some corn and roast a few marshmallows now! enjoy ;-)
throwing popcorn to others while pointing rolts (more fun)
@ gin; eatin' my popcorn in my corner. http://i.imgur.com/auuao3b.gif
ill just sit in my corner here and watch leo the cat work the excess coffee off. in the meantime, yeah, i s'pose kat isnt in the "deadline overdue!!!" chamber. she's probably one of the ones who's pissed bout comms(which we all do in general)> sorry if you found this offensive
@kat my sentiments. some prefer to stay up on their high horses, but no matter what, i am pretty sure due to the poor handling of this project the majority of unhappy backers definitely reveals whether or not their poor handling is excusable. sometimes people tend to forget that the door swings both ways, that project creators need to be responsible and accountable to the backers. the fact being that kickstarter already has backers at a disadvantage, project creators should show responsiveness and good comms to help balance the equation of uneasiness. the fault does not always fall on backers alone, if baubax did their comms well, i am sure backers are reasonable enough to not mind delays. and while it is always easier to use the worse to compare with baubax some forget that necessary comparison with better projects also helps ensure that project creators keep a proper standard.
i was just joking relax
i'm complaining is an "echo chamber"?   seems to me i'm voicing my opinion on the same forum open to every other backer of this project.  my gripe has nothing to do with the project being late.  i've made that perfectly clear numerous times.  the mental gymnastics some people here are doing to excuse the inexcusable is astonishing.  many of the fauxbax apologists have been outright rude to people who are obviously unfamiliar with this platform. they have mocked people and stopped short of calling them stupid.  condescending is the nicest thing i can say. a model for a successful kickstarter?   not quite. a model for how a kellogg alum can be so arrogant as to toss aside everything kellogg stands for - yeah.  that.  a model as to how to utterly destroy goodwill with the very people who launched you?  absolutely.   a model as to how to raise piles of money and neglect your responsibilities to your backers?  spot, freaking, on.  rolts has been so condescending, on so many occasions, to so many people it is nauseating.  i will absolutely be skipping over his posts from here on in and i'd suggest, for the second time, he do the same with mine. oh, and rolts, thanks for the non-apology.
lol. do any of you own another jacket? just close this app and one day your precious jacket will arrive.
@kat indeed, @rolts is not being condescending. i don't agree with him on his level of patience with baubax, but he's been more useful than baubax has been, in spite of having limited info.
the problem is kat that you and others are complaining in an echo chamber.  the world at large does not care about your perceived problems.  there have been more poorly run campaigns and bigger failures - the reality is that kickstarter will be pointing to baubax on how to successfully run a campaign that wildly exceeds its project goal.  and yes, a project that has only missed its estimated delivery by a few months is a success by the standards of kickstarter. i don't doubt for many that this will be their first and last campaign.  they wandered in here because of all the press and didn't really grasp what they were getting into when pledging.    and perhaps that is a bigger problem for crowdsourcing at large.  it reminds me of how the groupon fad died off - businesses were turned off by the model because the customer base was only interested in cheap deals, and customers eventually stopped buying due to the lack of variety of deals.
@mandy wilkerson: thanks for that @ kat dawson: i'm sorry that you saw my analysis of the current situation regarding this project and kickstarter as condescending or even as advice.
@kat - rolts just trying to be polite by helping around the comment section and tell you some facts and information about this project as well as kickstarter and its past failures ≠ condescending.
so... at the end, would we receive our jackets or what? at least they could do some updates =/
*sigh* @rolts.  i sincerely don't need your condescending advice, links, or commentary regarding my comments.  there are, maybe, a total of six people who love what you do here.  i'm not one of them. we are talking about kickstarter being terrifically blasé about a project's creators not responsibly communicating with backers.  yes, there is such a requirement and expectation per kickstarter regs.  go look it up yourself.  you are talking apples and oranges since this campaign brought in 3x as much as the failed campaigns you note.  fraud of this magnitutude has yet to be wrought upon any crowdfunding platform. that said, have yourself a great day and just bypass my posts from now on.
@rolts @kat fraudulent or not, there is little denying projects like this hurt kickstarter in the long run, and in spite of projects like this becoming the norm, ks is doing little to crack down on creators. the "risks" section, for example, should ask them specifically how they plan to scale up in case of a major success. right now, almost all "risk" descriptions that i see always seem to say "what risk? we've done our research, nothing will go wrong!" secondly, ks needs to do a better job of informing creators of what backers deem useful and frequent updates. there will always be complainers, but the spirit of ks is allowing backers to follow to the trials and tribulations of projects. there is also a complete lacking of a way to rate projects and creators, forewarning new and old ks members alike of how often projects just disappear and treat backers like dirt, flagging repeat violators, and, better, rewarding creators who deliver or make the experience a positive one.
i verified my shipping address over a month ago and i still have not received my jackets. any help regarding this matter would be appreciated.
@ kat dawson; i don't think kickstarter would accept that this is fraudulent at this stage. the project has communicated, admittedly very sparcely, via updates, and has given an amended delivery time frame that has not yet expired. i doubt it will 'kill kickstarter' but would do considerable harm to the reputation. kickstarter has survived despite the pirate 3d printer ($us1.5 million), and the infamous zano drone ($us3.5 million) failures. the kickstarter fulfilment report is a reassuring read regarding kickstarter projects' delivery. https://www.kickstarter.com/fulfillment
i've reported to kickstarter numerous times.  they seem to care not one whit. they've got their cut.  why should they care?  because if this is a fraud it is going to kill kickstarter.
冬天都他妈要过了，收到衣服还有毛用
i've reported this project to kickstarter.  if you haven't already done so, i suggest you do the same.  this is starting to smell a lot like zano
this is a scam...
number of days between december and january updates - 23 number of days between january update and counting... - 22 last update: "we will ensure greater communication moving forward." "we pledge to you that we will provide more regular updates going forward" wonder why your customers don't trust you? new slogan (for the british market): baubax, we talk b****x.
"we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. " under risk & challenges in campaign. obviously not...
say hi to todd, our general manager :) https://www.linkedin.com/in/todd-frassetti-2a4a015
also, if one guy constitutes a "team" of people to manage communications, well, i can't begin to imagine what their "team" in these supposed warehouses consists of.
i haven't seen any change, david, to facebook comments in last four days, other than more being added by backers. and i've been watching closely.
@todd is the only comms person i've ever known who thinks it's ok to be patronising and offensive to his customers on a public forum. he's representing a firm that has broken pledge after pledge and yet still thinks it's ok to have an attitude towards his customers ("rules are rules"), to cherry-pick responses in line with a propoganda campaign and to delete messages that ask about whether any packages have been sent.
nah, he's still around.  posts are still being flagged and removed.
or maybe todd is also waiting his jacket ^^
as of february 2nd, "todd" (he of the employees hired to manage communication) has disappeared from team fauxbax's facebook page. theories in no particular order:  1.  todd was communicating via satellite connection on the slow boat from china which was sunk by sea pirates. 2.  todd lives in china and is now officially on holiday, without leaving a goodbye message, for cny. 3.  todd begged creators for actual information to provide all those asking very specific questions and was disappeared by creators. 4.  todd decided to off himself by way of one thousand paper cuts followed by banging his head relentlessly on his keyboard rather than typing, one more time, 'please see the update on ks'. me, i still want details on shipping line and container numbers. anyone else?  not a difficult request to fulfill for creators (and would actually be only fulfillment to date).
it depends on how extensive the packing checklist is, how organized the warehouse is, and perhaps how many people they have doing specialized tasks (e.g. do they just have one guy putting boxes or envelopes together all day).  spending three minutes per package to me implies shoddy rush job and is just going to lead to mistakes.
i am hoping to carry my jacket with me on plane in mid feb... looking down to all comments, i believe i hv no hope in this even though i am in the same location with my jacket.... say hello to cny, as hk is going to have public holidaysssss and ppl off from work. shipping is going to delay and delay
agree with the all calculation except the 10mins necessary to fill an order per employee .... i think u can easily divide it by 2 or 3 !
ok, fun math time.  let's assume a regular 5 day work work (i'm sure many of you expect people to be working 24-7 to meet targets.  i wouldn't recommend talking about that in front of your boss).  lets assume worst case 8 weeks.  so that's 40 working days, more or less.  to meet that deadline you have to ship about 1,124 orders a day.  based on an 8 hour work day that's about 140 orders per hour.  now, the manpower issue is a little trickier to estimate, but 1 person can probably fill somewhere between 4-6 orders per hour.  so you're looking at probably needing somewhere between 20-40 people to meet that target.  that, of course, would have to be spread out across the three distribution centres.
@ lee - the last update said they would start shipping in late january and in february. since it's feb 6/7, they are theoretically still on time. however, most of us believe that is no longer valid. one commenter said they got a response from baubax indicating shipments will be over the next 6-8 weeks. so, we are likely looking down into march. western hemisphere shipments will be from distribution centers on the u.s. east and west coasts. a hong kong center is handling asian and pacific orders. (people there are concerned about the chinese new year work stoppages.) i am not sure where any european orders would come from. two points to keep in mind. 1. not all orders are shipped at once. even if they are already shipping (which i doubt), it will take a few weeks to complete the orders. 2. once shipped, it can take a few days to a week or more, depending on the location and shipper, to receive the package. the reason i think nothing has shipped yet is because if they were shipping, they would have us an update within minutes bragging about it. their silence is a clear indicator to me that not all the jackets are at the distribution centers and they are not ready to start shipping. baubax does not update if it has no news or only bad news. ps: your suggestion for using the travel bottle is a very good one. bourbon and whiskey could pass for tea.
when is my jacket going to arrive. getting really annoyed with this. what next are you going to fill the travel bottle with duty free booze?
@bruce thank you for responding! i'm sorry to hear they dropped those sizes going forward, but happy to hear the one i'll get will be a tall.
@ laney - sorry you didn't get a response sooner. the absence of women's tall sizes was noted several days ago. my guess is they did not get a lot of orders for women's tall sizes, so they dropped them going forward. the tall sizes for women were added during the campaign because several backers asked for them. but they may have been the only ones buying. well, not actually. i ordered a tall bomber jacket for my wife as well as an xlt windbreaker for me. they have an obligation to make those.
my thinking is, when you cannot fulfill your demand, do not start another crowd source campaign. when you cannot provide anything close to shipping dates, do not partner with others who will provide them, https://goo.gl/hnnc52
hey guys we are becoming increasingly concerned that we have no idea what is happening. no delivery notification and no update. can you please tell me what you're doing? my family are about to lynch me if they don't arrive soon. unfortunately i was the one who recommended your project :( to them
if they have time to do that why couldn't they put together an update?
but there is a response, see...
lol what indiegogo questions.  it's all the same bs over there as everywhere else.  where is my survey, did you get my survey, did you really really get my survey, when are you shipping...
*tableflip*
lack of communication on kickstarter = irritating lack of communication on facebook = irritating realizing that a day ago 'associate @ baubax' was responding to indigogo late-to-the-game-post-backers questions = fffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! :-(
wondering if anyone knows if there was a sizing change, or different options available for us versus going forward... i ordered my sweatshirt in a tall size, but i recently checked the sizing chart on their website and saw them on touch of modern, and the women's sweatshirts did not come in tall sizes. i guess i'll see what i get when it comes in, but i'm wondering if i missed something in the update. i checked my survey to confirm as well... definitely got an xlt. curious if anyone knows anything about that...
i booked a ticket home (missouri) for the end of march and told my friend going with me "i hope i have my jacket by then!" then immediately cupped my mouth and mumbled "i've become one of them...."
the blanket has a big baubax written on it ! below, it's also written "please buy more jacket"
@rolts. yes, most people posting here are forgetting that this is primarily a travel jacket, not necessarily an item of winter clothing. in my happily retired state i plan to do a fair bit of travelling, mostly to climates more tropical than ours, and taking only carry-on bags. as the airports are all have air conditioning, and the planes are generally pretty cool anyway, the jacket, filled with my toys, will always be coming with me. i hope the blanket has baubax stamped on it in big letters. i might also be seen strolling henley beach or the central markets from may onwards in a classy travel jacket. so, i don't mind waiting the few more weeks — we still have most of our hottest month ahead of us!
@chrisophe, your jacket will ship from hong kong to france. only us delivery addresses ship from the us "fulfilment centres".
@gin- i caught leonidas drinking from a cup of coffee today.  the psycho cat is all yours for a bit.   he could probably package all the coats in one night!  ...he's currently staring at my typing fingers....waiting...
@christophe hi christine brun!!! lol.... @gin never knew u cry this much to fill up the bottle!!! think it's a 500ml bottle!!!
the sun is the same in a relative way, but you're older. shorter of breath and one day closer to death. no-bax, you're risking a patients life. it just may be time for another planet no-bax update, i just havent felt the creative juices flowing lately.
;) of course.
christine approves !
gee, you've forgotten bout the part where your package also needs to undergo gender reassignment.....
i tasted before ... too salty! don't worry about the price, from france, i pay 40bucks for shipping only and now i understand why. the package starts his trip from china, go to hong kong by truck to the first warehouse, take a boat to the us warehouse (west coast), take another truck to cross us in order to reach the warehouse (east coast) and finally take the last boat to go to france.
aww christine brun, dont do that! not when we could have gotten it for 25 bucks on ks. but yanno what, lets save those tears for the portable bottle eh?
i will buy the blanket to dry my tears for not receiving my jackets...
as seen on indiegogo: "you can order our pocket blanket (at 25% discount) for $30. buy it in time, before we close our campaign tomorrow!" lol i feel bad for them.
hello, i've seen in my kickstarter page that the reward is notet as delivered but i din't recive anything. could you check the status of my order an maybe send me traking nummer? thanks a lot, cristina tacón.
gin idly swishes some catnip around while hypnotising leo. gin hands rolts a glass of good wine. btw, christophe (or is it christine? ;) ), 2-3 years seems a tad bit too much for them. i guess it is easier to simply see how by 1-2 years . ;p
or maybe i don't really care about her point and i'm just making a joke from her comment ! you guys are too nervous on this project. we all know and agree about how bad is the communication from baubax.. and apparently complaining about this won't change anything, baubax don't really care about us. they have their own way of conducting business, good for them, we will see how it works in 2-3 years time ;)
@christopher brun. you missed or deliberately misinterpreted taylor chen's point. she was illustrating through stories how long it has been from her first backing to this state of limbo we find ourselves in now, where poor and misleading information means wven now we don't know how much longer we will have to wait. your satire was about backers changing their mind about their orders but that was not the case with taylor.
yes, nancy drew's investigation seems to have overlooked the fact that the creators moved to seattle.
have you seen this visitor post on their fb page? "the business registration filing with the state of illinois is showing "voluntary dissolution" on december 30 2015. can you please explain? thanks" any opinions?
*free popocorn for all*
christophe +1
same for me... i ordered my bomber i was 1m83 and 60kg, then i gained up to 90kg, increase my tall to 2m and lost weight up to 75kg. now i'm a girl playing basketball, so i need to change from male to female, and i got surgery on my eyes last month.. i don't visualize anymore the colors .. so i prefer to change my bomber to a black color one.
i would like to take some time and thank baubax for going through so much with me! during this period of waiting for this jumper, i've moved once, going to move the second time soon. i've also finished my first semester of my second year of uni, now finishing up with my 3 months long summer holiday plus cny next week, and going to start a new semester soon!!! eeek!  i just had a little surgery and i'm gonna go get my wisdom teeth out soon as well! let's see if the jumper would be here before this new semester ends or...?
@alex after this funding ended, they were saying they are still sticking to the original timeline.... anyone with basic knowledge would know that's not really possible, as there were only after $20k but got heaps more....so.....���
@alex after this funding ended, they were saying they are still sticking to the original timeline.... anyone with basic knowledge would know that's not really possible, as there were only after $20k but got heaps more....so.....���
from baubax's official twitter on january 29 -  "the jackets are beginning to ship out as of the end of this month". 2 days before month end they must have known if this was accurate information. anyone with a bs radar would be picking up major signs here. are they lying to their own customers?
gin staring fixedly at the door, begins to drum the fingers of his right hand on the armrest of his chair.  leo moves stealthily to the foreground, looking from gin to the door. [music intensifies.]
sitting bolt upright, glasses in hand, purposefully polisheing right lens of aviators whilst staring at the door.  the expected courier delivery is overdue. [back-ground music steadily increases in tempo.]
@gin how did u know?!?! after backing for the jacket i have no more money for food!!! so now i need the jacket to keep me warm!!! or maybe u are willing to travel over to buy me some food till my jacket arrive???
gah. /pulls up chair beside rolts and brings out the aviators.
*steals gin's popcorn and munches in the corner*
这是不耐烦的猴年。
@ gin; hi, grab some pop corn and pull up a chair.
@ chris s: yeah, knew that. i was hypothesising the reason for erik hui not receiving his reward in hong kong already. ;-) i been caught with the cny before, when ordering from chinese suppliers on ebay at this time of year. caused substantial delay.
@rolts: cny = chinese new year,  typically. :-)
i like how people are actually cold ebcause they chose not to buy one more jacket while waiting for this. its almost as if their entire life savings is only worth the value of the jacket they've paid for
folks, this is kickstarter, you are taking a risk, it's not the same as ordering something from amazon or ebay. if you're willing to back a project you need to be willing to go all the way and take a risk. seriously stop the whinging!
i'm located in hong kong where the jackets are, but i still haven't received the jackets yet. it's chinese new year next week so logistics companies are gonna be closed for the week almost. guess we'd have to keep waiting.
has anyone received a jacket?
has anyone received a jacket?
@ mauricio porte; those of us in the southern hemisphere await our jacket arrival with autumn(fall) on the horizon.  seriously, they are designed as a travel jacket and will be usable for winters to come and for future travel plans. most people buy an item, such as a jacket, for more than one season or one trip.
will the jackets arrive anytime soon? winter is finishing, and i still expect the jackets to be usable this year.
@ erik hui: cny?
any feedback on the delivery? the jackets are in hk, but seems far from me even i am living here. what happened to the deliver team???
i spent this entire winter in the cold.
@melissa and @jacob thank you!
@amy. just a few comments down the user andrew conrad posted this. "just received an email in response to one i sent. they stated that product is arriving to their distributions centers now, and that they estimate once they start it will take 6-8 weeks to get everything sent out from there. hopefully that means in the next week some people will begin receiving shipping notifications."
@amy-they've been responding to emails and facebook posts, but they are all very general.  essentially saying "please refer to most recent update" or "you'll receive a shipment notification".  generally avoiding direct questions.
did they respond to any messages anyone sent?
most of the companies (related with the transportation business) will be closed since today until 15 feb or later as chinese new year holiday at hong kong. hopefully i can get my jacket on march~~~ but over 25 celsius degree!!
@tim- we've seen that.  it's still for pre-order.  many kickstarters do that because creators have to order a certain number of every item in order to produce the product.  especially a project like this- with so many styles, sizes and colors, they have to create a minimum of every one.
you know what really pisses me off? https://www.touchofmodern.com/sales/baubax
where is my jacket?  has anyone received anything?
it's been too freaking long to wait for the jacket to arrive. kindly please advise the status of the shipment. thanks!
@david i think there are a lot of things this campaign has done that aren't good ideas, on top of a lot of wishful thinking, bad planning, and material changes.  and, again, they haven't demonstrated once that they're doing anything they have said they'd do.
really looking forward to travelign with the items i purchased, when are these actually shipping?
do you really think pissing off a journalist by lying to them is a good idea when people are begging news outlets to do a hit job on this campaign?
@david thanks for the article. he does say they would do air freight. natch, they still haven't shown evidence this was ever followed through on. again, not one single benchmark they have set have the shown to have met, even late.
shrodinger's jacket:simultaneously shipping and not shipping until observed.
http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427
clarifying even further because apparently i can't proofread to save my life - i also meant to say that it is *possible* that it could also all be lies. regardless - my main point is we are not just relying on these creators.  we are also relying on many other manufacturers, shippers, etc.  so much is out of their control as well. but yes- agreeing that we'd even like an update that said "our manufacturer was wrong and they are delaying shipment another 2 weeks"
@david - where did they say they were shipping with air cargo? (genuinely asking)
maxyim, lets ignore the fact that they did, in fact, say they would ship by air cargo even though they knew it would cut into their profits.  how do you think they can set up two distribution centres in the us?  why would you ship a container through the panama canal?  why would you truck or train half your inventory across the country when you can use existing logistics channels to move goods through final delivery?
dear customers, we know we promised to update you more frequently in the last post but we decided we don't want to waste a valuable 60 seconds of our lives on a couple of lines to those key backers who gave our company the funds to breath life into to it.  no, we're hoping to piss off most of those backers so they don't buy further jackets, don't tell their friends to buy our jackets and leave a trail of negativity that will damage our business. instead we are using those 60 seconds to refresh our cvs. after all, why be part of an exciting and lucrative new venture when we can go back to our old dead-end jobs instead!
there is absolutely no way that they are sending tens of thousands of jackets to the us by air cargo.  the cost would be more than the value of the jackets alone.
let me clarify- i dont like to be a skeptic, but i do  think they were just optimistic..
@michael - can't really argue with that.  i don't like to be a skeptic and think that they were just optimistic and a little naive?  i still believe they had all good intentions - which then turned into "holy crap what are we going to do this is too much and we can't handle it let's hide under a blanket"  it's also very true that they were all just lies.  but i tend to keep all possibilities on the table until proven otherwise. i'd also make a horrible juror because i can never make a decision.
jackets are being delivered to the us via air cargo.
@melissa:  ok, i'll bite.  one example. on november 30th, they said "if everything goes smoothly, we'll ship out all other jackets, scheduled for december delivery, during the week of dec 21st." how could they possibly have been planning to begin to ship on dec 21st to us backers a mere 3 weeks after the update?  the container had not yet left china.  based on other projects i have backed it takes at least 4 weeks for a container to arrive/clear customs in the us.
we also need to remember that baubax is relying on manufacturers promises too.  they could keep saying "we'll be done on x date" "we'll fix this issue by x time" baubax could ask be given wrongs dates as well.  again- not excusing lack of communication, simply reminding people that there are a lot of moving pieces here.
it is amazing that anyone would believe anything baubax says after a series of broken pledges. i don't think they are in any way unlawful but they are starting to look incompetent and arrogant with their misleading communication. baubax are lying low with no updates on whether any jackets have shipped. i won't take this lying down... i won't let sleeping dogs lie...
@david:i personally believe htat baubax has not been open and forthright about delivery timing in most of their updates.  i could (but won't) post a long explanation that they were at best "fudging the truth", and at worst outright lying. you're right, all of the thousands of backers who, based on baubax's updates, have already had their jackets shipped, may not be posting anything here.  however, on the other projects i have backed, there has been lots of discussion as people began to receive their rewards, and get tracking numbers.
don't start calling people scammers etc guys. off course i want to receive my jacket too but delay is very very common in ks . so take a deep breath and we all can just wait patiently. btw, i have no relation to the creator.
＠roger beck seems you're not being notified by ks platform. then you shall check whether your email add is correct or not. otherwise u may check your junk box in ur email. and the last, u came to here to post ur comment, i believe u can check out the updates from last nov too. (that would be update#12)
kickstarter should have done something to protect us instead of keep excusing for these baubax scammers people
i have not received any message either about the shipping since november, nor of course, have i received either of the two jackets i ordered. was this all a big scam? kickstart better start investigating this or their whole internet business is going down the tubes. i for one am not doing this again!
michael there was a secondhand report of a tracking number in singapore.  you cannot assume that because people do not come here to report they got a tracking number that tracking numbers have not been issued.
@ andrew:  what is really telling, is that not a single backer has reported getting a tracking number, nor receiving delivery of a jacket.  despite 1,000 jackets reportedly being shipped in december, and 50% of the jackets being in the hong kong warehouse and ready to ship to non-us backers on january 14th. i no longer have any reason to believe any update that baubax gives us.  i'll believe things are moving when backers are getting tracking numbers and jackets, not before. ymmv.
@michael and @david. based on the updated they are really only a week behind what the last update stated (i'm pretty pleased with that to be honest). i imagine it would take a while sorting through thousands of orders and sku's, not including the ones with blankets, to sort and get out the door. wish it was faster but can't get to upset over something out of my/our control. the email really did just cement the previous update, and a week when your talking about international shipping honestly isn't to terrible.
@david:  yes they did.  they said: "for u.s. orders the jackets are also in transit from our overseas facility and will arrive at our u.s. warehouses (we have both east and west coast facilities) by the end of january. once our u.s. warehouses have the jackets, shipping to u.s. based backers will begin immediately and run through february." @andrew:  unsurprisingly, baubax's email to you is pushing back their shipping date from their prior update (which indicated they would complete the shipping by the end of february).
a single bomber to sg.. still no news leh :(
they never said us shipping would start at the end of january.  they said it would start when the jackets arrived at the warehouses.  unsuprisingly sorting through and shipping several thousand jackets to individuals does not happen overnight, or even over a single week.
@andrew conrad so when they said the end of january, they really meant the middle to the end of march.
@andrew conrad that's a great news!!! hope baubax will give us a brief update about things going on like this.
just received an email in response to one i sent. they stated that product is arriving to their distributions centers now, and that they estimate once they start it will take 6-8 weeks to get everything sent out from there. hopefully that means in the next week some people will begin receiving shipping notifications.
＠eileen most of us don't have the idea of ur question. you may just mail baubax.
hi bj i would like to add in the strap from the old campaign. how can i do it?
@rolts during a campaign edits can still be made. baubax knew of this change during the campaign, yet continued to advertise the sweatshirt as 100% cotton.
@melissa laser pointer and kitten are the perfect match!!! lol.... i love watching how the cat go crazy!!
from  a web site...   http://bit.ly/1h64bgn -------- "i consider myself a born salesman and can sell ice to eskimos," he says, laughing. "earlier, i jumped on any random idea i believed i could sell and make money from, but i could never scale up those businesses. thanks to the mba and the steve jobs quote, 'innovation is saying no to 1,000 things', i focus on that one idea that really matters. i agreed to get onboard this travel jacket idea after rejecting 20 ideas. i knew this would be a global product.".  ------- this does tend to put his initial pitch in a different light...
never received my jacket.  asked for updates, received no response.
all good points chris s. i don't assume that the most recent update is accurate though. they should be selling smoke and mirrors, not jackets...
@kunhan: thanks! hope that didn't sound disrespectful, wasn't intended to be.  happy new year to you. :-) ok, so assuming that the most recent update is accurate... ------- so here's where we are. production is complete for all kickstarter backers. for all non u.s. orders 50% of the jackets are already sitting in our hong kong warehouse, with the rest in transit. shipping will begin at the end of january and run through february for all non u.s. orders. for u.s. orders the jackets are also in transit from our overseas facility and will arrive at our u.s. warehouses (we have both east and west coast facilities) by the end of january. once our u.s. warehouses have the jackets, shipping to u.s. based backers will begin immediately and run through february. ---------- that says to me that cny should be moot for the us, since our goods should already be in transit, worst case scenario. i do find it concerning that the ceo and lead designer are stepping back, one would think that a successful (if delayed) launch would be good for his image... but perhaps all those people that need to know (hello vc, etc) already know very well who they are... and the common man needs to know the brand, not the individual. this is one of those moments where a statement would be helpful, but unlikely. *sigh* someone pass me some popcorn.... and a good mead.....
when can send the order to me?
@ david markland: from kickstarter's own faqs: "can projects be edited after funding is completed? every project's "campaign" tab (the page with the project's description, rewards, and funding details) is preserved as it ended. creators with new information to share can post a project update. creators of successfully funded projects can use our spotlight feature, the customizable section at the top of the updates page, to highlight milestones in their creative process."
@ m.a.: faces and bios are still on update 7.
＠chris s. of causer hk people do cny,too taiwan, hong kong, macau, china all do cny. start from this sat, till next friday.
re: cny: if the product has been shipped as indicated, then it shouldn't effect the us product, just the asian products. (do they do cny in hong kong? too lazy to google it) however, as much as i try to stay positive, the fact that they have obviously distanced themselves personally from the product is concerning.
@lai kin leung none of us have, they mentioned delivery will commence throughout the month of feb 2016 but we are assuming most likely nearing end of q1 due to chinese new year. :)
hello everyone. still i not received my order.
@david markland & @rolts yeah they also removed their faces from the campaign page. and if i am not wrong their awesome credentials too.
@melissa some exploding kittens there? :)
@kat dawson awesome poem to lighten up the atmosphere,
@kat- loved the poem. kitten stories: a laser pointer has been purchased. leo stalks it obsessively, and meows when the red dot disappears.  have also used it on the backyard kitties.  they are equally obsessed.
@rolts fyi you may be disappointed to learn that, in fact, creators can and do change their campaign descriptions while the campaigns are running. alas, there is no excuse that the page still shows the sweatshirts as 100% cotton.
@m.a. i've backed a couple and the others have either been posting updates, reaching out privately or answering comments on ks, those are pretty much done and dealt with in a pleasant manner. just the possibility of having to deal with this foolishness again sets my teeth on edge. @nickwallace, you're missing the point entirely, i was talking about their crap attitude in dealing with us here on ks. i can read the updates just fine.
patiently waiting. excited to see my new jacket! what a huge accomplishment to get to this stage already.... makes the anticipation grow!
that's kind of cool. i hope they all have a great new year!
@tara preston cny in china is the yearly biggest human migration!! many workers come from far away and travel home for cny so basically factories and such close for 2 weeks at least, i've read that some close for 3-4 weeks. @rolts think now they need to embroider "ks manager" for u!!! lol @herman lee a singapore guy posted that his friend got the tracking number for a single jacket. so if u bought 1 only, u should be receiving ur tracking soon i guess.
from the previous timelines update, supposedly by now, some people should be receiving the shipment tracking number. i'm wondering if anyone already receive it via email for the tracking number? as me for shipment to singapore, i haven't received any email about the shipment confirmation with the shipping tracking number. dear baubax, are we still on scheduled as per your final shipping timeline? any other quality check failing again?
@nick the update you keep referring to as gospel is not the first time they've announced when things would occur. not the second, either. and as i keep noting, they have not provided any evidence that they're on track to meet this deadline.
in relation to the facebook page, they're probably deleting the comments that have already been answered as otherwise it creates more hassles. basically think to yourself, there are a small number of people who can't be bothered to read updates or look for an answer themselves but these are the vocal minority who keep posting, all of those posts then go on top making it harder for people who do have a look to find it and then when they can't they post as well thusly the vocal minority who need their hands held are making it harder for the majority of people who actually read through for an answer first to find their answer and thusly they post a message further burying answers. let's not forget the whole idea of the "mob mentality" where-by a few people who would have otherwise not worried too much see others posting something, get it into their head and start to post as well even though they were fine before reading the inflammatory posts. also, of course they are referring people to the update about shipping timelines, everyone is asking when their individual item is being shipped, do you want them to waste their time looking it up for each and every person who asks? cause as soon as they answer one you just know the flood gates will open!! the update clearly says that shipping will occur in the period between the end of january and throughout february. what more do you need to know for gods sake? stop looking for someone to hold your hand individually!
@sarah yune don't let one rotten apple affect your judgement :) there are alot of other great and accountable project creators out there like peak design, liv watches, ravean, oomph, draggin bags, thirteen/50 and many more. while kickstarter policies aren't exactly backer friendly, the terrible way this project was handled (comms, accountability and professionally wise) does not fall onto kickstarter but the project creators.
@joestolnicki exactly, i don't really mind them working out the kinks and taking their time to work out problems in production blah blah blah but their attitude towards the backers is enough to not want to do business with them again and frankly turning me off of backing more ks projects.
@preeti ; addresses have been locked down with baubax, having being passed to the delivery logistics group/s. apparently we are to get an email, hopefully with tracking.  with some couriers you have the ability to redirect your parcel once you receive the delivery notification. hope this works for you.
i'm actually 100% fine with the delays. having to upscale production 200x expectation does take time and effort. and i'm going to most likely find that the product is acceptable and well worth my "investment". however....this will be the only product of theirs that i purchase. not because of quality, nor even price, but because of poor business practices. you have a great idea for a product, and seemingly a decent way of getting it produced. the "personal" aspect of business is what's missing. not handholding, not bowing to every whim. simply saying "hey, this is what's up this week. it's not much different than last week, but this is it. and next week our plan is this:". it's not hard, not complicated, not even labor intensive, but it's good business. something baubax fails to grasp....
@kat dawson nice poem you got there :)
@scott jordan, they said shipping starting at the end of january and continuing through february. they also said that orders for single jackets would be sent out first.  there may be hope yet, someone commented that a friend of theirs had gotten their shipping notice but there was only that one comment.
we're moving in february.  any thoughts on what we can do to ensure we get the jackets delivered to us??
as of right now i want the name of the shipping company used and the container number(s). i don't think that is an unreasonable request nor one difficult for team fauxbax to provide.
january comes and goes.  where are our jackets? no one knows. coming from china across the sea! is baubax's repeated claim to me. but they still aren't here, who would've thunk?  maybe sea pirates had the ship sunk! the pr "team" are clearly not pros. killing posts that offend their nose. are the ceo's high or drunk?  cuz from way over here, this campaign smells like a skunk.
confused... they said shipping end of jan, but haven't received any shipping confirmation. have you?
@tara yes it does. everything shuts down for one to two weeks depending on the country. (up to 2 weeks for china case) everyone goes home to their hometown during this period. so it's pretty common to have delays during this period as all the suppliers are trying to rush out their products.
i can't recall which one, but there was kickstarter or similar campaign that shared the number of the freighter their product was on, so backers/supporters could follow along. anyone with the freighter number could see approximately where the product was around the globe. (natch, this was a campaign that had slight delays, so people weren't so eager to follow these things).
@hyoeun park currently there is no information with regards to the status of your order. the only "encouraging" note we have is that they will be delivering our jackets to us throughout the month of february. so for now we just got to sit tight and hope, with our fingers crossed. other than that, due to the fact that you have no tracking number, which none (or most) of us seem to not have too, we will not know anything about our individual order status because they have not sent our jackets out yet.
and i am worried about much more delay during the shipment because of chinese new year holiday season. of course hong kong has a little bit different holiday policy from china, but basically they will be off during the 2nd week of feb.
where can i find my shipping status? i am sick and tired of taking care about baubax stuff. i didn't expect that it could be torturing me even in 2016
@rolts i had no idea such a phrase existed haha!
relevant? replace "to" with "from" http://www.innovateus.net/innopedia/what-does-phrase-slow-boat-china-mean "the phrase “slow boat to china” is generally used to refer to the movement of goods or people which is very slow and taking undue long time. when someone is anxiously waiting for a shipment that doesn’t seem to arrive he would ironically remark that his package might be on a slow boat to china. the term “slow boat to china” is part of the slang american english used commonly in the black film era by the criminals as well as detectives."
@carbon leung they mentioned the warehouses will be sending them throughout the month of feb. but just to be safe (to avoid huge disappointments) you should assume the jackets will reach us around early or mid q2. wanna be optimistic? later part of q1.
damn it..... still no updates???  you guys better start preparing a name change of your company. i am considering this is a fraud..... we paid and was promised to get the item... now what? where are they??
@ paul robbins; shipping was to be from the east and west coast of the usa for usa backers. the rest of the globe was to be shipped from hong kong.  according to what had been posted in the update; shipping to the usa seemed to be underway. if this is the case, and the stock was sent sometime in january, cny should not interrupt deliveries in the usa. stock held in hong kong, for non-usa customers, will be impacted by the cny. some may have posted, but we have no accurate information about the amount that has been sent. there has been one second hand account of shipping advice received. not enough information to draw any conclusions at this stage.  for those commenting on cny, think of the impact of christmas on europe and the usa and you will understand the importance of this holiday in chinese communities.
regardless of the size comparison and funds, the same principle of proper and consistent communication applies. so if we are to do this with just numbers, based on the sheer number of times they have backers and funds over other projects (which do a way better job than them communicating), they can have every reason and excuse to delay it for 5 to 10 years then and we should just sit back, be quiet and relax because of "they have xxxxx number of backers with xxxxxx number of funds" and they can do whatever they want without consequence or accountability. comparisons are not always demeaning, it grants opportunities to learn and improve so your business can go a long way. if you do not want to be compared to others or look over at what makes another competitors do better, than maybe your pride is too high up in the clouds or should not be in business at all. companies succeed not because they refuse to recognize failure and weaknesses, they succeed because they do fall and recognize there is a problem. if baubaz was consistent with their communication, even if they were to delay it even longer, i do not think backers will be in such an outrage like this at the moment. that's the obvious fact, and no amount of excuses can hide that. @kaiserkai +1 @sarah yune i guess their understanding of "lack of communication" is lacking there. @rolts and @alex agreed, that's an exemplary way of handling backers rather than trying to machine gun them down. my hats of to you @rolts
@ david markland; apology unnecessary, we're all good. :-) i've been asked that about four or five times during the campaign. @sharon and i joked we were going to get 'associate' embroidered on our jackets after the second time.
favourite todd message (their comms expert presumably): "per our backers requests, we have informed them of shipping timelines per campaign of which we have included that you will receive tracking information once shipped once shipped from the warehouse."
ugh typing on phone sucks. what i was saying below is that baubax (for those of you who don't know or use their facebook page) has their man todd answering and replying to hundreds of comments on facebook and claims that they've been doing just fine handling things on little ole kickstarter where it just kinda helped them get a little work done. (no biggie baubax, just a few thousand people supporting with just their hard earned money asking for a couple more updates and some answers and junk.)
yes. the contrast with @rolts could not be greater. when questions are asked, he helpfully provides an answer. todd, however, who is after all paid by baubax to do this as their general manager, just lazily refers people to the updates page and displays a patronising and arrogant attitude to his own customers ("this may not be what you want to here, but facts are facts"). asking him if the jackets have reached the us warehouse results in him deleting the message.
building a company requires more than just an idea or a product, it requires building a brand.  beaubax has failed to do that.  they will forever be a one hit wonder, establishing a single product that will be ripped off 1000x.  we will see other companies take up their mantle and build a brand.  i am excited for when my jacket comes, but i think i speak for many backers when i say we will not be repeat customers.  that's really ashame, but they have allowed their amateurish priorities dictate a nonexistant brand-building policy that will kill them in the long run.
@kaiserkai, i've been keeping quiet this entire time and have been patient just watching this product come together. but i read on facebook your comment calling them out on lack of communication on ks and it broke me, "we disagree that we lack communication on ks" is the wrong answer baubax, because that's a lie. their attitude towards the backers on ks is appalling compared to how todd is crawling on every comment with "read the update!" like if the updates answered  all the questions instead of oh, i don't know, actually answering them. if i had neutral feelings toward baubax before now i am just irritated at their arrogance.
i wanna get in on popcorn and kitties too. i have no doubt that eventually we will all get our items. i have always believed that it is better to have something arrive late than to not have it arrive at all. :) question: for cny, does everything shut down completely for a few weeks? that is interesting in a global economy to be able to do that.
*so glad we've got lots of popcorn
yeah, everything that kaiserkai said. honesty and open communication are the absolute minimum that backers deserve and if baubax can't manage that, they may make themselves rich but will always be morally bankrupt.
reductio ad absurdum. what backers want is honest and regular communication on the seeding platform. everyone has different thresholds for that.
what backers want:  a live webcam feed into distribution, with the ability to yell at the workers when they think they're slacking off or making a mistake.
i know they've been actively responding to posts on their facebook page- but every response is "you'll k ow more about shipping when you receive your notification." one person did respond with something along the lines of 'you can still let us know you received the items, show us pictures of you packing boxes, let us know that you've begun distributing.'  it would help quiet some people.  but then the flood of "what about me?" would start.  and oh man- "received wrong item"...
i would, yes. i tend to be an optimist in everything. thats why i get dissapointed a lot :)
if baubax posted that shipping hard started, would you believe them? i don't think anyone will be satisfied until a firsthand confirmation of a tracking number is posted.  for some they won't be mollified until they get their shipping info.
fair play. and i am sure they are completely overwhelmed with the refund/fraud/survey and address inquiries. even though communication on that as well as kickstarter tos are pretty clear on these issues.  and i fully appreciate them, or anyone really, not getting into debates and back and forth on that. however, i stand by my statement that more frequent updates here on the progress in general would not be to taxing to do, wouldn't even care if the updates so far had been truthful. but they weren't, every deadline so far has passed. and that to me is disingenuous.
what do you think the top backer queries are?   probably something like this: 1.  i want a refund. 2.  i want to change my survey answers. 3.  i want to change my shipping address. now you can handle #1 with an update, but i somehow doubt that would have mollified people.  they probably would have pursued the matter through numerous channels anyway. the others pretty much require 1 to 1 conversation with someone.  and that takes time.  based on the amount of posts here there were probably thousands of backers making multiple survey changes and multiple address changes.
you need to stop telling us what we can and can not say. the means of updating 1 backer are the same as they are for updating 40k or even 40mil backers.
you guys need to stop saying "x campaign did things so much better."  when you have 45,000 backers you are in an entirely different league - it is like trying to compare national chain with a local mom and pop store.  and when most of those 45,000 backers need their hands held through the entire process, there's little point in posting on here since they are just going to need to e-mail someone to get the support they need. perhaps this was a cash cow for baubax, but for many backers its clear this is just about getting a "cheap" expensive travel jacket.  the nature of kickstarter just provides a convenient cover to excuse their behavior when they start complaining.
i see kickstarter as a means for artists / entrepreneurs / dreamers to make their dreams come true. i have absolutely no problem with delays, and even failure if the person behind the project put in a good faith effort to deliver. i don't doubt that baubax will deliver the jackets, and i am not much bothered by delays and hiccups. but, the way they represent themselves and they way they keep pandering to the press and looking for additional sales, is not representative of your average kickstarter project. there is nothing wrong with it either. however, if you want to be seen as a big time company, and ensure future sales and success, you are measured by a different yardstick. and that to me is the biggest peeve about this project, there is no humility, no respect for the very platform that made your dream come true. there is communication on facebook, so why cant they log in here every now and then and say hi. *all* other projects i have backed have done this, some better some worse, but none have completely ignored it. look at the guys from ravean, absolute outstanding communications, open communication, and no issues admitting failures and setbacks. when someone stands behind their product with their heart and soul, you notice as a customer. i don't get this feeling at all here, i get the feeling this is a cash cow only that needs to be milked for all its got. everyone has their own opinion about this, and mike et all who are defending baubax have just as many valid points as the opposing side around alex. i find the discussion interesting, and love to read others opinions, have learned many a thing from just reading here. i just wished baubax would treat kickstarter and the people here with more respect.
@rolts it's true, i did question if you were working for baubax, and regret doing so. my sincere apologies.
the last update on jan 15th was pretty clear, the orders will ship from end of jan through february so expect to see them going out from now onwards.  if they are shipping from eu or us warehouses then this wont be affected by chinese new year.  keep up the good work guys, cant wait to receive my jacket.
@maike cool!!! thanks for the popcorn machine!!! now we have enough to feed all backers!!! @to all who celebrate cny enjoy ur coming cny next week, don't get angry over poor communication by baubax to spoil ur holiday. it's frustrating dealing with a company who doesn't communicate much but hey, we'll almost reaching the end now. the jackets are made and almost ready to ship. so just a little longer wait and we'll all have the jackets. don't spoil ur holiday over a jacket. it's just not worth making ur whole family angry over a jacket. don't start talking abt baubax during ur reunion dinner, don't talk abt baubax during visiting. and by now, their factories might have even closed for cny so we will just have to wait till the holidays are over to start pushing baubax for shipment. so just enjoy ur yearly spring cleaning and get ready for reunion dinner this sunday!!! @to all who don't celebrate cny the factories might all been closed by now as the workers have to travel back home to their family for this sunday's reunion dinner. hold ur anger and start screaming at baubax after the holidays!!!
yes hi i'm robert still waiting for my sweatshirt.pleases respond . so i know the status of my order. if it has been shipped out yet thank u
"it's just poor communications and delays" (and to that i'd add censorship of their customers) but we have no way of assess the quality of the jacket, so until then communications and delays are all the only way we have to assess baubax. that's why there are so many critical backers, rightly so given the communication piece is so easy to rectify (pull your finger out, stop beng cowardly and write 3 measly sentences baubax)
the cny holiday in hong kong and china is coming in few days. i pretty sure that our jackets will not come before the mid feb.
@ nick wallace; +1. have a seat and here is some pop corn. look out for little leo, he's the alpha feline.
melissa, rolts et al...i can see why you've all taken a chill out session, people just look to vent these days and social media is the platform to do so!! even if it is just an totally ineffectual "comments section" that the "powers that be" don't even read!! am i annoyed about the delays? sure, would be great to get the jacket sooner, but let's be totally honest, we were hoping to get them late december at best realistically. backing finishes september, 2 weeks for funds means mid september, 60days they originally said for the manufacturers so mid november being ready, a week to get to fulfillment center and then probably another week or 2 to get to me so maybe first week or december assuming all goes smoothly. i'm sure most of us considered that there would likely be a week or two delay which means christmas and new years so probably not till end of december. realistically for me this is a months delay so i'm not terribly worried, especially as it was obvious they were going to take longer with the sheer size of this campaign, i don't take it personally like others do when they think of it as someone having "lied" to them or "cheated" them somehow, maybe that makes the difference in the type of responses given :) don't take it so personally guys, relax, it'll get there eventually, it's not some con, just poor communications and delays, not even significant delays.
@sharon: trade ya some popcorn for a bit o' mead?  **grabs chair for relaxation**
lots of popcorn... http://blog.hometheatergear.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/popcorn-machine.jpg
@kyp oops.... i just realise that u are coming in "for" popcorn not coming in "with" popcorn!!! lol
@gm sure u can!!! lol..... @pj all of us agree that baubax shd do better in communication with backers. but no matter how we voice out, they still have not improve...... so let's just enjoy our popcorn while we wait for our jackets. @kyp make sure u bring enough to share!!! if not we will ask leo to attack u!!!
coming in for popcorn!
let me start this off by saying these are my observations and impressions.  i have backed several ks campaigns and do understand there can be issues that delay production and delivery.  i also understand that taking a few minutes every month or even every few weeks to leave a comment to your backers would greatly improve backer confidence.  i'm fine with the delays, but i do think that baubax could have done much better in the communication to backers.  if you give a timeline and you might go past the date you have given, it doesn't take a lot of time to post a message about the delays.  while there are backers that have the 'retail' mentality about ks, the experienced ks backers would appreciate more communication from baubax with updates.
@sharon: even though i don't swing by here often....can i has some popcorn? *sad kitty eyes*
@melissa @rolts let's have popcorn and enjoy with leo!!! @bruce mike tried his best but...... so @mike @bruce join in for some popcorn!!! @kenneth chow nice to hear that someone got a tracking number!!! and i'm same like u, having a 6 pack..... so we shall wait for our turn!!!
it seems for some people their lives depend on timely delivery of a sweater or jacket...in the end only one thing counts and that is the actual product. if the jackets are top notch quality and live up to the shown samples then no one will remember or care in the future if they delivered the first batch a few month late. on the other hand if they deliver cheap quality or changed designs that don't look as good as the samples, then this does not matter anyhow as they will be finished as word will spread quickly and no one will buy further jackets. i guess some just need to vent anger and if the creator is not responding this then gets vented at other backers. everybody just relax.....
i also agree with mike's response.  like we've said before- even the most successful campaign- coolest cooler- a year after delivery and people still have not received product.  big campaigns lead to new backers and that leads to mob mentality of attacks and accusations. it gets exhausting reading the same attacks over and over again.
heya-still here as well.  checking in from time to time. happy to answer legitimate questions- but as rolts has stated- not responding to complaints, etc as i don't have much to offer.  but leo and i are just hanging out and reading comments.
@ bruce gilliland: still here :-) have answered the usual queries regarding changed addresses in the last update, but as the complaints increased i was asked if i was getting free product or if i was a baubax associate. when explaining my position some were okay but one backer is pretty keen to attack anyone who doesn't agree with him. i'm happy to discuss with the rational, but am not responding to some of the more inflammatory. that tends to be pointless. mike k, steve, and a couple of others have hung in there but it's become an unpleasant venting. i'm pitching in answers to queries where i can but the tsumani of invective is best avoided at the moment.
i have always wonder why there is a line "be respectful and considerate." next to the post comment button.....scroll down and you will totally get it.
it really surprises me that pledgers are defending these unappreciative jerks. there is no excuse for their lack of communication. i can excuse ineptness even stretching the truth to sell something that happens at the biggest companies every second, but not taking a few minutes to write a short update is a complete lack of respect for the kickstarter process.
＠kenneth chow will your collieague share with us what the tracking info is look like? (like a print screen from the email, but without the personal info respectfully) that will be helpful a lot that this baubax is really working hard to meet the deadline.
@ rolts, @ melissa - are you still out there? or are you staying out of sight and under cover? mike k tried to hang in there, but it looks like he has been overwhelmed and run up the white flag. we have a new set of prognosticators and analysts. it reminds me of the current u.s. presidential campaign. and that is not good. even if and when they are right. the next few days will tell the tale. are the jackets coming or has baubax choked again?
well abc who did the original "add" on abc features has been notified.  it's terrible so many people got conned and are still getting conned.   i will not rest until these hucksters are exposed.
my colleague has received his tracking number already, we are based in singapore. i don't expect to receive mine so soon as i bought 6 different configurations of their products, and they did mention that those with simpler orders might get their products first in update 15. hang tight everyone!
why are you turning on david @nick? i don't get it. they are *full* of broken pledges (ok so strictly you're right about the word promise but i think it's splitting hairs) "we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. we have identified and locked in our manufacturers who will be able to ship within 60 days of successful project funding, so you can enjoy your very own baubax jackets before the winter travel season kicks in. what you are seeing are prototypes, so expect the final product to be more polished and of supreme quality." "we are still on time to deliver in novembere. so far so good. we are proud to say that we are on track to ship out the jackets by end of november and there aren’t any blind spots detected yet. we’ll keep you posted if anything comes up in the future." hell, they even use the word pledge - "we pledge to you that we will provide more regular and thorough updates going forward"
david, they've only really made one actual promise, that is to make a jacket for you of your chosen design and get it to you as soon as they can. along the way they've given their best guess of when the product would get to you, those guesses have been wrong. a question for you, where in their campaign did they promise to have your jacket to you by now? the only time something like this was expressed during the campaign was the original campaign page where they expected to only get about $20,000, surely someone who seems to think of himself as highly as you do would have been able to foresee this as a potential issue? they even explained in the risk and challenges that what they had were prototypes and things would change which they have.
@rony lutanco. please don't spread false rumours, even (as i'm sure) you read it in good faith. she's complaining that she hasn't got it and it seems 100% clear that she is confusing an earlier email from baubax (probably the one on 15 jan) for a shipping email. i mean she's in the us and the us is behind asia and probably hasn't even received the consignment, let alone sent any out.
a person named bobbie hill commented in fb that they got an email of his/her jacket having shipped already. it was posted an hour ago... are we expecting to get more such emails..?
so any updates here? i am a little busy at work, what is going on here? estimated delivery was november. luckily i live in cali so i don't need jackets on the daily, but was planning to have a new one this winter. is this not happening anymore???
thanks @david. i naively thought that seeing as they can't be bothered to ever post on here (apart from the one time when they linked to a third party sales site), this could be a place exclusively for backers to voice their opinions and support one another. i can't stand that people have spent hard-earned money for a product and yet are still kept totally in the dark - in some cases six month later - by a company that has zero respect for its seed capital providers. i see - again - they are deleting anything that doesn't fit their pro-sales agenda on facebook,incuding valid concerns from customers that have given them money. backers put up all the risk - they deserve better.
@alex thanks for sticking up for upset backers who are out money instead of whining on behalf of the company that has $10 million dollars.
a bit confused. are we supposed to be eating crows or jackets? and remind me why we are eating either of them? i was never planning on eating the jacket, so choking on it seems unikely...
i give up... be a bunch of whiners... i hope you all get your jackets... and then choke on them when you have to eat all the crow...
what was your answer to david's fair question, mike 'i'm the spokesperson for all things kickstarter so i'm going to tell you backers you're wrong and teach you how to behave' kopack "can you name a single promise that baubax has fulfilled?"
guys, i've just been through enough of these campaigns to give them the benefit of the doubt.  soooo many of you are acting like this is a straight up retail transaction, when it's not. bringing a new product to market isn't easy. there are still factors outside of their control (customs being a biggie). instead of constantly complaining and accusing them, just relax and let's see what happens. they said they would start shipping at the end of january - all 2 days ago.. for all we know they have started. that doesn't mean there's going to be all 30,000 sent out the door on day 1 people!  there will probably be ~1000 a day from all 3 facilities combined going out. can you blame them for ignoring and erasing all the accusatory postings and messages??? everyone is just hammering them constantly "where's my jacket?!??!" (and that's probably on the kind end of the spectrum from what i'm seeing). put yourself in their shoes - how would you respond to that sort of badgering? you'd take it for a while and eventually you'd just ignore them and delete their messages. don't act for a second like you wouldn't! if/when we get to the end of feb and no jackets have gone out, then we have every right to complain. until then, you guys are all complaining over failures in your own desires of the situation, and not reality.  don't agree with me, fine, you don't have to. but i hate to tell you, a lot of you are just plain wrong, like it or not. and many of you should stay the hell off kickstarter if you can't deal with situations like this.
ok, i think we all have been very patient, however now it is getting a little frustrating. in january they informed us all that production was complete and 50% of the stock was in their hong kong warehouse. shipping to all international orders to commence end of january. ok, i think a lot of us gave them the benefit of doubt. now it is beginning of february, with no new update and no shipping information. i can understand that due to the quantity, arranging shipments can take time. however, i am located in hong kong, my shipping address is in hong kong, and talking from experience, hong kong post is extremely efficient. most times, you order something, it is at your door step the next day. now considering they have charged quite a high delivery charge, that would be equal to super express delivery, i would have imagined the delivery to be within 24hrs. surely it be in the interest of the company to make deliveries asap, especially in easy locations, just so others can be assured that their jackets are also real and being processed. just give me the warehouse address, i will go pick it up myself!
there will be a time for them to pay back their failures. patience my friends ..
thanks david. add to that an almost dictatorial level of censorship of their backers. i asked two fair and simple questions: 'have any jackets been dispatched? has the consignment for the u.s warehouse reached its destination?' their response was to delete the comment. hell, why not run an agm where any questions they don't want to answer results in you being thrown out of the room. it is totally appalling way to treat their 'investors'/customers like this (imagine how they must treat their competitors...) and i will be trying to dispute the charges with my credit card company.
@mike while you continue to focus your criticism on other backers than the company that has their money, i dare you to answer: can you name a single promise that baubax has fulfilled? heck, if the argument is that "kickstarter is more like an investment in a company" people should be even angrier -- if this was indeed a stock investment, i'd be pissed at how the company was being run. the stock would be plummeting at each of their failed promises, lack of fulfillments, and poor communication.
lots of people have claimed they were going to dispute the charges but i can't say i have seen anyone claim to have had any success beyond a provisional claim.
ok, i would respect those who think baubax are doing a good job with their hard-earned money. to those who think they are doing a bad job with their hard-earned money, i would suggest sending their complaints to the facebook site which is being accessed every day by todd from baubax.
@alex they aren't the first kickstarter project to do so on facebook (munitio audio also does so). but thing is while mike k. may have his "antics", hitting on him is not going to help us with anything and will only lead to more keyboard bashing exchanges. save your comments (or displeasure) and use it when it comes to reviewing baubax's products or advising people away from them. set fire where it counts and when it counts.
a new low for baubax today. they are now deleting criticism on their facebook page. disgusting way to treat customers who gave them money.
mike k - you are hilarious. every time they are on the verge of missing a deadline, you say with fantastic predicabiity 'chill out, they have more time'. they then miss the deadline, set a new deadline (which they also miss) and the pattern repeats. it is not true to say "they have till the end of february to make their deadline" their self-imposed deadline to send out the first orders was the end of *january* they clearly haven't done this, yet they can't even have the most simple courtesy to spend 60 seconds componsing an update to clarify.
@cyndee if it works out for you, than good for you :)
credit card disputes with reputable banks always give the customer the benefit of the doubt. they charge back the merchant (baubax via kickstarter) and credit the customer's account first and foremost. then they give the merchant opportunity to respond. i already have my credit, in fact!
@cyndee i personally do not think it is possible due to the kickstarter policy that guards (more like hinders us) the project creators.. i personally know of creators wiling to do refunds (2 of which were projects i backed) and while i am aware that refunds are possible at the willingness of the creator, i do not know whether your credit card company can backdoor their way to getting a refund. just keep your fingers crossed. :)
i have 'chilled'. in fact, i am quite 'chilly' without my damn jacket. i am done chillin'. now i just want my money back.
vvvvv this is what i mean.  chill!!!
after reaching out to the company privately and getting a non-response response, i am now in the process of disputing this charge with my credit card company. i encourage you all to as well.
*hits the fan*
@mike haha i guess they are crazy with anxiety? lol but as i mentioned, we got to manage our expectations here, otherwise when the shit hits the fence, the pain will hurt alot worse :p
ma- i just mean how everyone seems to be going bat-sh!t crazy now because "it's feb now. they said we would get our jackets in feb. i don't have my tracking number yet. they have failed."  it's the 2nd of feb folks! they have till the end of february to make their deadline. for all we know the jackets got stuck in customs and haven't made it to the warehouse yet - something out of bb's control. just chill people!!! geez.
@alex yeah, they did mention they will be updating us more frequently than how they were doing before that. it appears their word is something they throw and flaunt around lightly, not exactly a way to diffuse already worked up backers. @mike baubax mentioned 2nd feb specifically? honestly speaking i do not really care as much anymore? when it comes to baubax, i tend to now assume the worst case scenario. if they deliver by march, it will be a blooming miracle and they have my gratitude and that is it, they do not deserve any other more than that.
i love how everyone thinks "it's feb 2, everyone should have their tracking info by now".  not gonna happen folks!!!
come on guys. is this a fraud or not? all that i know is i paid, but still nothing being delivered. left numerous messages, emails and got zero response.
today they had the gall today to say that their communication has improved. yet have issued zero updates snce the last one. they are very shiftily and evasively avoiding all questions about whether any jackets have shipped. conclusion: no jackets have shipped (despite their own timeline) and instead of telling their backers they are covering it up.
@kristina all of us are as eager as you are and also disappointed with the comms and lack of professionalism of baubax. but writing that comment is not going to help much here, you should maybe send them a private message. writing that comment here is only gonna get you the cliche/age-old broken record "kickstarter is not a store" answer. i am pretty sure (i guess) they will deliver, but not as soon as we hope it to be. so be patient and hang in there abit more, you've already come this far....waiting. :)
where is my jacket!?!?!?! still nothing, this is ridiculous!!!!! unacceptable, you have my money and i want my product!!!!!
@kaiserkai nice summary of the project's comms situation. nuff said. @rico @cheung hon wah maybe they will also include an article or two to stir up sentimental feelings. @those who mention "have not received" or something along that line they said they will be delivering through the month of feb. so i say let's hold them to it and wait patiently :) but we should assume that they will not so, as to not feel the disappointment too gravely when we get hit in the gut. got to manage expectations there :)
still not yet receive
gadgetflow isn't selling anything.  clicking buy now takes you to baubax's website.
http://thegadgetflow.com/portfolio/baubax-the-worlds-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features/ i'm confused, why is gadget flow pre-selling these jackets for much less than most backers paid and still haven't received their startup gift? is baubax planing to sell these for lower than the originally intended price? if that's the case i recognize i as a backer i take on risk, but am a little disappointed by the lack of transparency throughout this process, especially when changes happen, announced to the public but not the backers. usually in a company backers are the stockholders and they aways receive updates prior to the public. as an industrial engineer, i understand launching new products more often then not run into delays, but keep in mind the people on here, believe in you and supported this idea. we are your first customers and best form of advertising available (and we paid you to advertise, more or less), most of us are frequent travelers and would love to show off the cool features of this product in an airport. since we are now into february i look forward to hearing an update of the first shipments or at least a follow up on the current delay. we really want support this company but it would be a lot easier to keep optimistic with some type of update, even if it's a "we will get back with an update as soon as possible". thanks for the current hard work and updates, you are so close to the finish line, can't wait to see the company on the other side!
@cheung hon wah hahaha very likely lol
i guess next update will be happy chinese new year, we are overworked, pre order baubax at tom!
nothing yet?? ejem are you shipping to méxico.
blazer-less in boston, ma, usa.
still nothing. from singapore
i haven't receive any jackets... hong kong
when can i received my jacket ? taiwan
@zharden: one down, one (or more) to go, eh? ah well..... thanks for keeping us updated!
this is another failed promise..?
sorry that made me laugh  ⬇️⬇️
i would like to get some update on us
will we get an update when the shipping to non-us starts?
when can i received my jacket ???   from south korea
i'm still waiting for the news of my jacket as it might just next of me. sorry for chinese，這麼近那麼遠~~~ from hong kong~~
i hope the water bottles are a good product. i had collapsible bottles in the past and they had a tendency to develop mold that i couldn't get to....
@zharden. i mean if baubax had actually followed through with what they said they were going to do in update 15, you can be sure there would have been a proud update or at least messages on facebook to announce that the first jackets were on their way.  they are confident to the point of arrogance about their successes ("we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal...we are proud to say that we are on track to ship out the jackets by end of november "). but pathetic and unprofessional when it comes to their failures ("we were overworked") and my understanding - and admittedly i'm not sure about this - was that backers will get an email with a tracking number *from baubax* when jackets get sent.
@alex, baubax has already started crowing about sending out jackets at the end of january through february in update 15 as steve mentioned and i did have a tracking number.
no show on the jacket. turned out to be the burgle bros high rise tower showing up 3 months after i received the burgle bros game. strangely enough no label whatsoever on the tracking info but there was a label identifying the high rise tower on the outside of the priority mail box. i guess i should be happy one loose end has closed but was overly optimistic that it might be the jacket :(
update 15 said they would *commence* shipping at the end of january through february. i take this to mean that the jackets are likely to ship between now and 29 feb. also, if a distribution company in hong kong is contracted to dispatch 20–30,000 items this month, cny is hardly likely to get in the way. finally, they are not *winter* jackets. they are clearly marketed as travel jackets. intended to be used especially when travelling by air. have another look at the video; no snow or cold weather evident. they are meant for year-round wear.
with respect, it's obviously not the jacket - you would have received an 'email with a tracking number' and baubax would be crowing about it. the asia-bound ones should receive theirs first in any case and bound to be someone who comes on here with their tracking number but baubax are being cagey and quiet because they are behind schedule and aren't willing to man up to admit it. that is totally disrespectful to the funders that gave them £9m in risk capital. new bestseller - "how not to run a business" by baubax.
so what is happening to the orders from your canadian friends? i am still waiting.....?
@david, no description which is what is leaving me in the dark. i can just tell it is something from corona, ca. been trying to figure out what it is the last couple of days.
can someone please provide a date as to when the jackets will be delivered?
it is out for delivery today. i will let people know if it is or not. i get home in about 1:45.
what's the description?
yes, usps
so with a distribution center on either coast wouldn't make sense mine comes from ca so must be something else though i don't know what??
i am in virginia
there are two us distribution points according to update 15, one on each coast.
@zharden: just that one was on each coast. what carrier? usps? and are you on the western side of mississippi river? :-)
i don't think they mentioned where there shipping warehouses were located, did they?
i received a shipping notice from california. could that be this jacket? can't tell by the description.
this is frustrated. like i understand this project was originally after $20k then they got a lot more than expected, with all the experiences they claim to have they should knew that the first shipping timeline is far too soon and should've just let us know and give us a more 'realistic' time, instead of saying it'll still stick to the original plan but released another announcement saying they can't deal with this large amount of orders when the time they said had already past!
@kaiserkai yes! their communication is chronically bad. they don't need specific pr or comms skills. they need to employ a combination of basic courtesy towards the backers who breathed life into their company and some common sense.
november deadline - gone christmas deadline - gone 2000 test packages - fabricated (per current knowledge) end of january shipping - gone baubax, it would be a lot easier to support you guys if your statements weren't as boisterous. you are claiming 25+ years experience and that all t's are crossed and i's are dotted.  you go to the press on how hard it is on you to put your life on hold. you communicate constantly when wanting more money, and not at all after payment was received. you complain you are overworked and your margins are running thin. i still want my jacket, i am still excited about my jacket, i still think you have a winner. but your scorched earth pr policy is surely starting to rub me the wrong the way. as it stands currently, if someone where to ask for my opinion, i would tell then to not go within a mile of one of your products. you can change that perception, i would love for you too, but you are running out of time.
baubax when are you going to start shipping the jackets??? you have fail to meet those timeline you set a couple of time and you are still not getting it right...you time management is just as terrible as your communication with us backers.
there are no refunds from ks. only creators can issue refunds if they want to. you will get a canned response.
have fun tilting at windmills keith!
dear all, i've emailed kickstarter on requesting refund from this pledge. i am not encouraging others to follow my same suit but i am really not happy with how baubax ignoring all the negative responses in this comment section. looking forward to having kickstarter refunding my money. i still believe in ks's site but no more towards baubax. keith
pity ken.... he backed baubax and znaps....... both giving him the "best" experience he can get on ks.
@hadiazamain "we are supporting baubax's idea instead of the product", "it is kickstarter, not online shop". do not expect to get the jacket anymore! yes we are paying hundred of dollar to pay for an "idea". awesome.
@hadiazamain none of us are sure, but most likely middle this year.
when can i received my jacket ???
@ nitin bandwar: there is no method to cancel your pledge or gain refund for a delayed project on kickstarter. refunds are usually only available if the project is unable to be completed as per the campaign.  those of us who backed from the southern hemisphere still backed despite the fact the jackets would have reached us mid summer if not delayed.  backing this project was more than making a seasonally appropriate purchase, we were supporting an idea that we thought worthy of seeing through to production.
wow, can't believe i pretty much forgot about this project...its been that long aye... no new updates on shipping or anything. i guess the lesson learnt here is to never ever put down high hopes on the basis of a project promising a shipping date...that way at least there won't be any disappointments down the track.
@ dana beatty; you won't be able to change addresses with baubax as the delivery information is most likely in the hands of a delivery logistic group. addresses were locked down in december. however, depending upon the who is delivering to you in the states, the confirmation email for tracking etc may give you the option of redirecting delivery. if this is not possible, you will need to arrange for the package to be forwarded to your new address, or have someone collect it and send it on.
hi there, i am now moving and need to update my address. how can i do that? thank you!
i live here in california and winter is almost gone. i was hoping to wear this jacket this winter but in vain. any way i can cancel my order...the jacket is no use to me till next winter.
christmas skipped, chinese new year will be skipped apparently. when will i get my bomber and blazer for my office used in new zealand?  hopefully not wait until another christmas. thanks
＠cheung hon wah that's one thing i concerned too. keep the jackets farfar away sitting in the warehouse.
we can almost forget the trial 1000 as chinese new year this week, promise slip once again.
thanks kunhan.  i am not in the group for the 1000 trial. i am based in singapore.  i have not receive any email confirmation of the lock down address either.  any singaporean ordering this jacket, please let me know if you have received yours. i will log in to ks regularly.
＠ang bee lian i've posted this since a week ago. but has nothing back haha. just cross our hand that the jacket may arrive next week. comment from taiwan
hi there, has anyone here receive the jacket? (from the trial 1000?)
lawrence, your problems are asymptomatic of many;  you're happy to complain even though you're completely oblivious to common sense, basic facts, or actions you yourself took at some point during this campaign.
"we pledge to you that we will provide more regular and thorough updates going forward - starting right now!" another promise that they insultingly haven't followed through on. it seems clear you haven't sent out shipping emails as promised, the least you could do was to notify us in advance of the hold-up. and we have no idea as to whether the us consignment has reached the us. appalling.
@lawrence thanks for showing your own foolishness, this isn't an "online purchase", this is a pledge, you pledged a certain amount to receive your item, turns out they've changed the way they are going to do the shipping but it'll still get to you, probably faster than the rest of us it would seem, yet you still want to moan about $20? you've back a few projects it seems, you should know the score. baubax obviously decided early on that a flat rate $20 would cover the cost of shipping and handling, they've since reassessed, decided to change the way they are going to do the shipping and it still probably covers it, or would you like them to waste a couple of months reworking it all and handing out refunds to some and asking others to pay them extra? there were also some articles floating around before with interviews done in december where they indicated that now a large chunk of them would be sent by air instead of by sea which has likely increased some costs. i'd say overall with the way they are doing it they'll still end up overall about the same as their original plan if not actually reducing the margins slightly. oh and according to the china post website for instance, a m bag (i'm guessing this would be appropriate as the china post site is rather ambiguous) is actually 325 rmb which is about $55usd even surface mail is 200rmb which is about $30usd. i'm getting these rates from the china post website fyi. that's going from china main land to hong kong, which would be appropriate if you were to buy this as an "online purchase". but hey, don't let facts get in the way of a good rant ;) http://english.chinapost.com.cn/html1/report/1208/183-1.htm
@rolts, my bad, i went back and checked and noticed the shipping charge was already added at the beginning of the campaign. somehow when @james cheuk mentioned about the shipping price, i thought we had to pay for shipping now to have it shipped.
@ lawrence chan; would you have complained about shipping if all stock was sent to the baubax company in the usa, then shipped to hk via usps or usp or fedex?  by shipping from hk instead, you will get yours sooner than other non-us backers. think of the additional cost as for expedited shipping. the reality is shipping costs had to be calculated prior to the campaign launch and logistics changed. the creators could not go back and change costings after the project launched, kickstarter forbids it. you are receiving the stretch goal bonus of the half scoop gloves and the bonus drink bottle that are gratis. the expectation baubax recalculate shipping and refund individuals because they live near to the warehouse is unreasonable and petty.  you agreed to the reward level and costings when you pledged. how they get to you doesn't matter so long as it is delivered in good condition. the cost didn't go up, it is costing you exactly what you contracted to pay. tl;dr: you'll get your jacket at the promised cost including delivery, stop being petty.
@david, thanks for showing how ignorant you are. when you pay for shipping for an online purchase, do you you pay for every single transportation fee throughout the life of the item you are buying or just the fee from the warehouse which the item is stored to your door? how is this case any different? transportation of raw material and warehouse fee should be taken into account in the item price, not within the shipping fee. let me school you on shipping fees here in china/hong kong express shipping from china to hong kong starts at 30rmb and goes up by weight. shipping a sweater shouldnt cost too much but ill give it 50rmb max, shipping within hong kong i'll give it $20hkd max. this comes up to under $10usd. baubax has to use bulk shipping to get all their shirts from china to hong kong. anyone with any logic will know that bulk shipping is cheaper than individual shipping. the price i gave is the worst possible scenario and its still half as much as what they are asking. by your logic if this sweater is shipped to state side, it should cost anywhere from $50-80usd since you know. air fee and all. :rolleyes:
@ pamela feader; sorry i mis-read your reply to lawrence. i understand your point after seeing steve's post.
@ steve: lawrence's $20 is for 'expedited' shipping. if lawrence's jacket is sent the same day as ours, i know who will receive their rewards first.
* of course, "pamela has said" is what i meant to type.
@lawrence, as pamela has aid, baubax had initially planned to send all jackets from their base in chicago. this is based on their initial target of $20,000, which would be roughly 180 jackets in total. so, usa shipping was free (using relatively cheap usps services) and international shipping was more (us$20 to most places for one jacket). now they have well over 80,000 jackets and the initial model couldn't handle it. so they decided to have them made in factories in china and have distribution centres in hong kong and east & west coasts usa. when you pledged you agreed to the shipping costs; would you prefer they shipped it from the east coast usa? might take a week or two longer, but you would get your money's worth. ;-)
given the cny, backers from the usa may receive their rewards first.
@ pamela feader; i think that strategy has changed, possibly due to the sheer volume. from the latest update: "for all non u.s. orders 50% of the jackets are already sitting in our hong kong warehouse, with the rest in transit. shipping will begin at the end of january and run through february for all non u.s. orders. for u.s. orders the jackets are also in transit from our overseas facility and will arrive at our u.s. warehouses (we have both east and west coast facilities) by the end of january. once our u.s. warehouses have the jackets, shipping to u.s. based backers will begin immediately and run through february." i may be mistaken but, this seems to imply distribution from 3 warehouses, 2 in the usa and one in hk.
all jackets were going to be shipped from the us. this was stated by baubax on july 19th.
how did the coats get from the factories in china to the warehouse?  magic faerie dust?
@david if you have any common sense about geography you will know how big hong kong is. it does not warrant a $20 shipping fee with in hong kong. its the same as charging you $20 to ship with in the same area code
@ sky: i understand your angst at not having your reward; but for the sake of accuracy:- 1. funds were collected by kickstarter early in september 2. funds were released mid to late september (2 weeks after the funds were collected) from funding release to now doesn't seem an excessively long time period in which to negotiate production of 80 000 units and add-ons, such as gloves, pillows and pens, with 10 different factories in a foreign country, with language differences, then get them sent to fulfilment groups in two different countries. i understand the frustration if you thought that you would get your items by november or christmas, but the reality is, a start up planning a campaign for ks, before funding or even the size of the project is known, is going to face substantial challenges. i agree that more transparent communication would have re-assured many. baubax saying they were on track for november delivery in an earlier update was either naïve or evasive.
thinking about "we are proud to say that we are on track to ship out the jackets by end of november " pride comes before a fall...
@david markland they kind of took it down already, i guess due to the mishaps that have been going on it will be pretty funny if they left their claims of years of experience and credentials there. but that being said, such is the business world, i'm pretty sure not only baubax but other companies in the world market themselves very well, not because they maybe as good as they claim, but to simply get people on board. after people are on board and go through the ride and the going does not seem to go as well as proclaimed, it'll be too late to pull out but resign to the fact that we believed them in the first place. while companies may not be as forthcoming as they are, that's the way the world is, and guess who will be at the receiving end of it? and to top it off, this is kickstarter afterall lol.
it doesn't matter if this was baubax's first kickstarter -- they claimed to have the experience to meet all deadlines as they had years of manufacturing experience. they have been less than forthcoming with actual updates and info (they still haven't officially notified backers that the sweatshirts are anything but 100% cotton). it's on baubax to rectify this by issuing regular updates and being honest. one easy update: what's the status of the shipments to the us distribution facility? delivered, on a truck, at the port, on a ship, or still in china?
from sept until jan no item and have to wait until feb or march well done baubax i believe this will be the first time and the last time for people to backup for your project. which you guys cannot handle thing properly for your timeline
the update stated that shipping will be from end january & throughout till end february. if i remember correctly...now is end january, tomorrow is february.. next week hong kong stops working from the 5th february all the way till 19th february due to chinese new year and sometimes even longer...baubax, are you sure about the timelines???
this one from september amuses me. *are you still on time to deliver in november?* "yes we are. so far so good. we are proud to say that we are on track to ship out the jackets by end of november and there aren’t any blind spots detected yet. we’ll keep you posted if anything comes up in the future." so much for the 'keep you posted' part. perhaps they were too busy being proud...
i find it funny that one of the most funded projects on kickstarter has only 15 updates. so poor
plus, the hong kong distribution center is handling all asian and pacific shipments, not just hong kong. if you will recall, shipping fees, of differing amounts, were added to your selection at the time it was made. the amount depended on our shipping addresses and the number of jackets ordered. i assume those amounts were their best estimates to cover shipping costs.
why, do delivery people work for free in hong kong?
@james cheuk thats just complete bullshit if they charge people in hong kong $20 bucks for shipping.
alex: don't get me wrong. those were just a few of the kickstarter projects i've backed. i've done about 14 others that all have gone just fine. they usually are a bit late, so i've come to accept that.  but they usually are fine otherwise. the lessons i've learned are: 1) don't get too crazily into the product - i.e. it shouldn't be something i can't live without. it should be a want, not a need. in the baubax case, i have plenty of other jackets... 2) there should be limits on number of rewards so they don't fall into the trap that baubax has. 3) anything with stretch goals should be such that those stretch goals don't require re-engineering/redesign of the base product.  they should be strictly add on and very minor  (because every stretch goal tends to add production cost). 4) needs to be basically "ready for mass production". that means they already have the factory picked, design finalized, etc. 5) after the strooder and the cobblebot fiascos, i tend to limit my $ amounts i'm willing to risk putting out.  the baubax jackets pretty much are at my funding limit. (~$150, ymmv). it's an amount i can tolerate potentially losing out on.  the strooder hit my wallet hard at $450 with nothing to show for it. the cobblebot was even more but at least i managed to eventually get it working and have a 3d printer now that i use often. 6) if you don't get into an ultra early bird or early bird slot, don't bother backing (personal rule here).  this is based on the thought that if they are going to run out of money you stand a better chance of being one of the few that might actually get a reward.  this one also tends to be a pet peeve of mine when post campaign the creator changes up things and ignores "early bird" status and instead ships in any which manner they decide after the fact.
@mike kopack. i believe what you say. you have highighted a problem that backers of kickstarter face enormous risk. and yet they get so little in return. based on your comments, i would now advise anyone not to use kickstarter unless they are masochists. there is a massive mismatch of risk and return. if you want the product, wait until after the campaign where the risk is so much lower and yet the return is almost the same. we are all adults and can wait. i will be waiting from now on and will never give kickstarter any more money. if i want to suppport an entrepreneur, i'll help a friend and be prepared to lose that money, not a stranger on baubax that disrespects the very people that allowed them to realise their vision.
why did you charge me $20 for shipping to hong kong since you guys have a hong kong warehouse?
@ rolts. you really have a way with words *thumbup* gonna go back in hiding. wifi sucks around here
@ melissa: flagellating a deceased member of the equine species is pointless. reference understood.
@ mike  kopack; your posting was a good reality check for those new to kickstarter. i think one of the other issues here was the successful use of social media to maximise the number of backers. many of those brought to the project had no comprehension of crowdfunding or start ups, and thus had totally unrealistic expectations. that is where your reference to the ks t&c was so appropriate. it's far easier to post a complaint than to read the t&c and understand what the reality is.
thanks for holding down the fort, guys.  horse, dead, beating.  (other countries have that reference, yes?). am exhausted but just wanted to check in and say hi.
@ mike k. - and i thought i had problems waiting for my epiphany charger and my coolest cooler. boy, you took a couple of hits. no wonder baubax seems like a piece of cake. :)
also it's a usa company and its only (evening) of the 29th here. if we don't hear from them about shipping by the middle of next week then maybe i could see folks getting upset. but they still have a few days.  plus keep in mind there are a few steps that are outside their control.  they have no control over how long it takes the ship(s) to get unloaded, no control over how long customs takes to clear, limited control over how fast they can get it moved from the docks to their warehouses. one of the kickstarters i've backed was the cobblebot 3d printer.   i managed to luck out and be one of the very first people to get my kit and even then it was a good 8 months late, the design changed radically from what we were shown in the campaign, we received no build instructions, many of the parts were substandard or just plain wrong, and their final design was so horrible that i had to put another $300-500 in parts into it to make it into a reasonable design and it still doesn't have the sort of promised print quality. and my experience was better than most on that one. the company is run by a lawyer who is more concerned with threatening to sue backers/customers for slander for speaking out about how bad things went than they are for making things right. before that i backed the phoenix 3d printer.  that one was an utter failure and they basically blew through all the backer money and started playing a pyramid scheme game to sell printers commercially to get money to send the backers printers.  luckily i managed to get a refund from them before they totally ran out of money and closed up shop because i purchased through their website rather than kickstarter. i'm still waiting on the strooder filament machine. another project where production issues and repeated modifications needed to get the things producible caused the company to blow through all their funds before they shipped a single unit.  they claim the first 50 are going out soon.  it's already a year and a half overdue at this point and they need to make another 60 or so before i have a chance of getting mine. moral of the story is that there is always risk. these are people who are new at running a business.  some are good about it and know how to communicate. some suck at it and mismanage, don't plan out the financials or plan for contingencies for when problems happen, etc. you just have to be patient and hope they will come through. so far, other than being later than expected, and maybe not talking as much as some would prefer i think bb has been doing it pretty good.  they could have let the issues with the pens go through just so they could get some jackets out by xmas. but instead they did the right thing and demanded that quality be preserved.  and instead of thanking them for going for a quality product people chew them out for it delaying things a couple weeks.
agree with most of what alex and bruce said. frankly i think they went in with good intentions of making their original date.  what they didn't do properly was limit the number of rewards to a level that would be doable via a single factory, nor limit the number of colors and styles.  they tried to accommodate a full product mix right off the bat. by allowing so many variants and then not capping the #of rewards available they brought in way way way too many orders than they could have hoped to deal with in the given time frame.  i also worry that they have exhausted a huge amount of their market right off the bat and sold at lower prices which hurt their profit margins needed to build the business over time. could communication be better, sure but i don't find it horrible either.  i just think way too many of the people came here, plopped their money down without reading and understanding what they were getting into, didn't understand they were dealing with a newly formed company bringing their first product to market, didn't weigh the risks, and expected the dates to be guarantees, not estimates. when it didn't go the way they expected they started pitching a fit and blaming baubax when the fault is really in their own actions for not reading the t&c, not taking 2 minutes to understand what kickstarter is and how ks projects can go. and frankly that is why i get hard tough love on the other backers, because most of them whining about not getting their jacket yet, or where is my tracking number, or "they missed their *promised* delivery date, is total bs arguments by people who obviously aren't informed backers.  they are trying to blame baubax for their own unrealistic expectations.
hi andrew, thank you for writing to us. we do not have an exact shipping date at thistime. however, we are diligently working to get this resolved and will provideshipping details of your order at that time. thank you for your patience andsupport. wishing you a great day ahead! anne message copied and pasted from their customer service, typos included, i just recieved. hopefully it's not to much longer.
@ nick wallace: well put.
@jennifer in all fairness, the messenger bag was peak designs 5th kickstarter campaign, it also attracted only half the number of backers and by the looks of it only 1/3 of the number of actual items sold and didn't run into any quality issues from their factories either. people are already complaining they won't make their deadline, it's the 30th of jan here right now, still early morning which gives them all of today and all of tomorrow to start sending. they could have already started sending for all we know, keep in mind there are currently 5200 comments here, many of them multiple comments from single users which means they represent less than 10% of all the backers, so there is already only a 1 in 10 chance at most that someone who has had theirs sent will post here, not to mention people generally only tend to post when they want to complain, i'm sure anyone who has been in business that involves reviews or comments knows how damned hard it can be to convert someone from telling you they like your product to actually putting that review somewhere but how quickly and easily bad reviews are posted! could their communication be better? sure, yeah, of course it could be, but from everything i can see it's hardly an anomaly. also in relation to try to get people to purchase more jackets, has anyone stopped to consider that they might be doing that to gain some capital now to try and get things moving faster? from the articles that were posted these guys were already pretty hard pressed with funding it would seem. can you possibly imagine walking into these factories in china and asking them to do this based on a "kickstarter campaign"? with very little actual capital? yes when the campaign finished they were eventually given the funding but by that point it was already october, they probably assumed it would only be a couple of thousand jackets, not tens of thousands of them and would therefore be able to handle it using their own money and credit to get it started and delivered on time, then it kind of spiralled. i'm not trying to make excuses, but in all honesty they would have been delivered in december at best, it's now a month past that and it seems like they're getting on track so how about giving them some benefit of the doubt for what seems to be an extremely mammoth task that even a seasoned veteran entrepreneur would have had difficulties with.
@jennifer good for you and yeah the pd team is exemplary and baubax can really learn alot from them. :) nothing is perfect but they sure came close to being the perfect kickstarter project handlers/creators. @jennifer, @alex, @sean well said. resigned to the fact of waiting but i concur that comms is vital, and baubax is making it really hard for us to recommend them as a future reference for jackets. quality wise, thats questionable but i guess we got to wait and see.
@jennifer cheong, you've put that beautfully @ bruce gilliiard, yes to everything you've said. i don't mind delay, i mind poor communication and a poor product. the former has been proven and based on the photos i think we are getting a poor product too.  the dec 23 group message to the backers were insultingly merely to encourage us to order more jackets and with a pathetic message too ('we were overworked') and they haven't been proactive in showing us the development of how the garments look or improving their communication since the last update, despite promises. it has been a disaster.
m.a., yes i have received my peak design dream pack. quality all round! may i be cheeky and say that they're the benchmark for every aspiring kickstarter campaign. high volume international project, good in communication and deliver their promises on time. baubax, it's possible. learn from them.
@ sean - i think the most "misleading" aspect of the campaign was their thinking they could deliver the product by november-december. did they set that time frame deliberately to increase sales? i'm reasonably sure they did. as you noted, no one would buy one of the jackets if it was going to be nine months later. did they set the delivery date thinking they could make it? possibly. we will never know for sure. were they wrong? way wrong. i think i can go on record as saying before the campaign ended in early september that i stated that the likely delivery time would be after the first of the year. as to changing styles, i'm not sure that is applicable here. the jackets look pretty much like my old blazers, windbreakers and "bomber." those kinds of garments don't change that often. the problem here was that people wanted the jackets for holiday travel, and they thought the delivery dates were set in concrete. but as i have pointed out before, i was not getting a jacket for one trip, but for several years of travel. as for communications, you are probably right. their approach was "the less said, the better." having worked as a public relations professional in the past, i can say that is the wrong strategy 99% of the time. i have backed several projects, some delivering in a reasonable time and other grossly overdue. in both cases, once a month was the average for updates. in some case those updates told me a lot. in other cases they told me very little. so, baubax is not unique. as i said recently, many of these projects are run by people who have a great idea, but have never really run a major operation before. they have to learn the hard way. for me, the issue is make and quality. a while back, i tried on two suit jackets, both marked the same size. one felt comfortable. one felt tight. we simply cannot assume multiple manufacturers will use the same, or high-quality, standards. will this rush project (yes, it is a "rush" project) produce a quality product? that is my biggest concern.
thanks sean! i couldn't have put it any better.  i get riled up each time they put out an update or rather non update (like the christmas one).  i thought the latest update was the most informative and promising one but alas they're on track to miss that deadline as well and will probably blame that on cny holidays in china. anyway, i'm resigned to the fact that we won't see the jackets until march/april realistically. way past caring. however given my experience with this company i will never recommend nor deal with this company/owners again. regardless of the ks rules, 'donations' v retail experience debate, the fact is that they're unreliable with their plans/promises and don't communicate well ... even after the backlash on ks. they have cannibalised their own reputation. i'm not in a hurry for the jackets at all but trust and communication are important to me.
blazers, sweatshirts, and windbreakers can be worn year round. the bomber is more seasonable, but depending on how cold it gets where you live its suitability as a winter coat is debatable. if you have enough money to waste on something you only planned to wear for one year i don't really see why you would be upset.
in the end, the jackets will be shipped. they will email us about how greatfull baubax is for our patience and no comments about the last of delays. i guess we will enjoy the jackets in the spring. who knows, this year could be cold
thanks @sean. genuinely interesting insight.
i love this kind of debate. lawyers charge fortunes for this kind of arguing. as much as there is room for argument about kickstarter is for funding projects the reality is for the most part it is about retail transactions with delivery dates included. for example i would not buy a piece of clothing that was going to be delivered in one year. fashions change, however three months would be ok.  so when a company promises delivery in october that might mean a july funding. add in three months for production you get an october delivery promise. now add 4-5 months to that and i'm not a customer. supposedly the design was made before they opened the campaign. at some point before the end they realized it was a hit.  i don't buy this argument that it was such a great surprise we were caught unaware. they knew from the first week they had a hot product that was killing it.  now we get the jackets in the spring if we're lucky and won't wear them during the summer.  so here we go we wear the jacket in one year after buying it and therefore not something i would have bought if i knew. the lack of communications was just a strategy not a lack of time.  they knew it was better to keep us in the dark so they could sell more jackets on other sites.
it's not about the rate of communication (and i agree with you about refunds). it's about the discrepancy between what they say and what they do, about the way they try to muddy the waters around their plans, how they communicate poorly with backers and how  they are sharing very little about what they are doing. they said they would start providing individual tracking details from the end of jan. here we are - end of jan - no tracking numbers and no communication. plus ca change...
@alex : ok i suggest you retread it then. nowhere in there does it stipulate what the rate of communication required is. nowhere does it say that refunds are to be given by the creator at the whim of the backer. it only says that if the project fails after being funded that there are actions the creator should take. so far this project has not failed - it's just taken longer than anticipated to complete. hence there is no requirement to provide a refund.
call it whatever you like - the fact is that you are helping fund a company's start, you aren't making a retail transaction. in return you are getting a reward/gift. how do they provide you with a refund when you didn't actually "buy" anything? if you don't like the way this works, dont fund!!! for every person that complains about us not getting enough comms there are just as many that seem not to read the ones we do get, so really which is the correct rate then?
@ alex jarman, @ david markland, @ mike kopack - i think we may be splitting words, hairs (and each other's heads?) the ks terms of services and faqs don't use the word "donate," but i believe the main point remains that ks projects do not operate like typical retail web sites. unless the project specifically says so, refunds of the backers' "investment," contribution," "donation," or whatever you want to call it, is not likely to occur. as backers, we are not "buying" an item as we do from a retail site. we are receiving a "reward" for our willingness to back the project with a "investment," contribution," "donation," or whatever you want to call it. i suspect our differences of opinion (and facts?) here are based not on semantics, but on our predispositions toward baubax about their handling of this project and their communications (or their lack thereof). some of us see this project negatively and some of us see if less negatively (more positively?). regardless, for people asking for their money back, or for people wanting to know when they will get their jackets, the answers, if any, remain the same.
i think you are going to be seeing tracking notifications trickle out rather slowly.  depending on how extensive their packing checklists are i could see 1 person spending somewhere between 10-15 minutes on each package.  so you're looking at a few hundred shipments a day, and then counting on those people to post somewhere that they got their tracking notification.
@mike kopack. read this then read it again. https://www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use#section4
given that the promised 'end of january' is expiring, looks very likely to be yet another confident assertion that they don't follow through on (yet leave us in the dark until after the event). if people had tracking numbers, we would know about it. the delays are one thing but the communication is unforgivable. so much for "personally we have learned from the way in which we communicate with you"...
@mike kopack: kickstarter is not a donation site - stop making these false claims. read the ks guidelines and rules if you have a chance.
it's now end of jan - has anyone received any tracking numbers or any sort of confirmation that their jackets have started shipping?
boy, the internet knows everything we do. as i noted earlier, i had gone to the touch of tomorrow website to look at the baubax jackets. this morning i logged onto a website to do some genealogy research. there was an ad from tom showing the baubax jackets. there is no place to hide. :)
@jen email support@baubax.com  baubax does not respond to comments. they may be able to help you.
@ jen kwon; the campaign page said that you could exchange the jacket if it didn't fit but you will have to pay two way shipping. sizes, styles, colours and delivery addresses are currently locked, so it appears your only option is to await delivery, then seek an exchange.
hi while i was waiting for the jacket, my weight changed drastically. i need to change my order from m to xs. would it be possible? i haven't received my package yet or the tracking number... may be it hasn't been shipped out yet and possible to change???
@jennifer well said :) have you received the pd dream pack yet? i am pretty sure it should be in your possession by now.
go baubax go go go! still waiting! cant wait to see mine! thanks baubax
m.a., hello again! : )  yes, i agree with you.  there's no 'like it' or 'lump it' for this jacket.  for the amount of $$ i paid, i have to like it! lol!  good to see you back commenting again.
@keith - 1) not gonna happen.  you donated money to help them start their company. in exchange you are getting. backer reward of a jacket. you didn't purchase a jacket.  kickstarter is not a retail site. it is a funding mechanism for new companies to get off the ground. 2) read the darn updates and you'll understand why it was delayed.
@allison: don't know. i'm in the same situation with a bomber and a windbreaker. guess we just have to wait and see. i would imagine since they were made at separate times they would be done as individual orders but it isnt clear.
@zaide: read update 15.  then read it again.
hi baubax team, i think you have tested my patience and i would like to request for a full refund. i was really looking forward to fetting this awesome jacket but with a solid two months delay, my expectation has gone to not interested any more. please provide me with a refund instruction. thank you.
what if i ordered 1 sweatshirt and when you sent out a "it's not too late" and ordered a bomber after? i guess the 2nd one really wasn't a kickstarter. so will i get them separate?
@blas moreno, from update #15: so here's where we are. production is complete for all kickstarter backers. for all non u.s. orders 50% of the jackets are already sitting in our hong kong warehouse, with the rest in transit. shipping will begin at the end of january and run through february for all non u.s. orders. for u.s. orders the jackets are also in transit from our overseas facility and will arrive at our u.s. warehouses (we have both east and west coast facilities) by the end of january. once our u.s. warehouses have the jackets, shipping to u.s. based backers will begin immediately and run through february.
i still have not received my travel jacket nor an estimated ship date.  very disappointing....
＠aide scheib of course you won"t, unless u're living in asia and lucky enough to be one of the 1000 trials this is not the retail store!
still have not received my sweatshirt! if this is how kickstartes are run i will never do it again!! and i will tell friend to stay far away from them too!!
dhaval, you can try the link to the store that was provided in the christmas update.
is it still possible to request for additional blankets? i didnt order them with my initial backing.
so complicated... just use a 10 minutes email to log in, easy and fast.. http://10minutemail.com/10minutemail/index.html
for anyone using firefox the behindtheoverlay add-on will allow you to visit tom without signing in. you will have to clear the overlay from each time you go to a new page on the site but it will save you from having to sign up.
ma: wasn't trying to be an ass but when half the people on here complain that they want more updates, and then the other half obviously don't bother to read the updates we do get, it's a tad annoying!
@ jennifer cheong; other ways to avoid the log-in are to be found using google according to other backers. the mobile site may vary according to location perhaps.
@jennifer haha. i guess you could grant yourself partial relief, by resigning yourself to the knowledge that its going to come over and the design /look/material aint gonna change whether we love or dislike it :)
@mike c'mon, go easy on her. she was not rude in anyway and maybe truly asking out of an honest mistake. not everybody reads the updates and its not a compulsory requirement to read it or get flamed. let's be a patient bunch yeah? :)
rolts, unfortunately that wasn't true for me. i did try their mobile site and ping, login details were requested. gahhhh!
rtfu.!!! it says clearly that none will be shipped out until end of jnauary.  is it the end of january yet?
@nathalie gimeno i don't think anyone has yet. so, yes...this is normal.
i haven't received my jackets, is this normal?
regarding the tom site: i know it has been said before, but it is worth repeating; if you access tom via their mobile site, no log in is required.
bruce, i expect at some point they are going to have to replace all the pictures and video with production jackets.  it could be they're waiting for nicer weather to shoot outdoor action shots.  and i agree that they probably dropped the tall sizes due to lack of demand.
@ sharon - it took a little work, but i was finally able to get to the baubax page on the tom website. of course, we won't know until we actually get the jackets and put them on, but they look okay to me in the tom photos. but i still contend baubax should have updated their facebook pages. @ david - if they did drop the tall sizes on the tom website, i assume it's because they did not not get that many orders from the ks project and indiegogo. however, i did order a tall windbreaker for me and a tall bomber for my wife. so, they are obligated to provide those.
@ christophe, @ sharon - thanks for the info. actually, i ordered an xlt, so it should be a little longer. i am about 6'2"-6'3". update 12 had a closeup of the windbreaker - on a manikin. it looked good in the photo. i like to think what i get will be useful.
it is probably a combination of hiring more dedicated csrs and the volume of e-mails requesting order changes/mailing address changes/refunds dropping off now that the project is actually on the verge of delivery.
and sharon i have a feeling you're right, and honestly hiring/training new staff to handle these things doesn't happen overnight (or hiring a company to do if)
@bruce just google and u can find other links to tom without having to login!!! @david suggested it and i tried  and i got in!!! lol
i'm counting down to seeing this flooded once people start getting shipment notifications. hopefully customs isn't to rough getting the shipping containers into the states.
i probably would have gone with an lt for that model but it looks like they discontinued the tall sizes.
just fyi, on tom, the model height is given: 6'2" (for men) and he is wearing a l size. that's why it appears a bit short .. at this tall, he should be wearing a xl..
baubax please provide another update would really appreciate it almost end of the month :)))
re tom website and pictures - i cheated and looked at the pictures of the jackets behind the log-in without logging in. it's not the best view of the jackets, but it will suffice for now. the main  think i noticed was that the men's windbreaker (what i bought for me) was not as long on the male model as the bomber and the sweatshirt were. the latter covered the jeans pockets, but the windbreaker did not come down to the pocket openings. if you are trying to keep dry, the longer the better. i will need to check my other windbreakers to see how far down they come. i did order a tall, so that might help a little.
@rolts- sqwwweeeeeeee!!!!
thanks for the link to touch of modern, good to see some new pix....at least there...
ton, jennifer - rtfu! it says very clearly that shipping won't start until end of january and will run throughout feb.
@ melissa: picture of you and leo? http://imgur.com/gallery/mrdenws
if you scroll down on the fact sheet to the list of heroes/villains/neutrals - you'll see just how many people we got involved!
yes-in response to gm's comment a few back-  some campaigns can even lead to this: kittencorps.com check it out.  hasn't been updated in a while- but it's a barebones site for odd relationships we built on another campaign.
@andrew maybe now that the jackets have been produced so they have more time on hand to reply to emails and pm.
@ brett wooderson; the tom site has been quoted by other backers who were looking for images of the final product. the tom site is not able to offer delivery yet, so it looks like they will be supplied after the kickstarter and indiegogo backers. perhaps enough jackets were produced to enable retail sales fairly quickly. only supposition on my part.
jackets on sale at touch of modern https://www.touchofmodern.com/sales/baubax
still waiting :(
still waiting in texas, and i will post when i receive my jackets!
@sean bair. read the updates
sharon i couldn't believe it! don't even think it was an hour. glad to see even if it's not updates on here they are communicating there. pretty impressive the scale of the operation they are pulling off having gone from idea to 45k customers in less than a year.
haven't received my jacket yet. when will i get it?
@andrew wow!!! that was a really fast reply from them!!!
thx for the good news
i emailed them and asked, and shockingly enough, already got a reply! they said that the jackets and blankets will be shipping together.
@david: that's another reason i believe they will be together, but again, only time will tell if there is a change in that. i don't think everyone ordered a blanket, so they won't be packaging the jackets and blankets into one package before the get to the baubax distribution points. before getting picked up by courier, most likely. but not before that.
so i can get this in feb maybe?
it would be too costly for them to ship blankets and jackets seperately i would think.
@baubax - really appreciate the transparency in the production and reasons for the delay. much respect and totally understand the difficulties of large orders from the early stages. best of luck and looking forward to the jacket!!
@andrew: good catch. i have a feeling the blankets will ship at the same time, hopefully same package, but that is definitely something they could clarify....or we will wait and see.
one thing i just realized, they didn't mention the blankets. i wonder if the plan is for everything to ship together or if they will just try and get the jackets out and get the blankets out afterwards.
@kunhan: like david said, for most campaigns, unless the backers become friends(creeper can attest to it very well), then most people never come back to comment sections unless it's to say "i got it", or "i still haven't received it", or "i got it...but....". most of the time, comment sections die right away after the campaign until it becomes really late from the most recent delivery update.
@david don't think that negative way, try to be happier. i would like to share my happiness when i receive mine
to put it another way, if people got their jackets and are happy with them, there's actually no reason to come back to this campaign page at all.
many people probably don't even bother coming here to look at updates or comment, so they will never see your request.
@rolts i know that well so i'm expecting someone will post the news with us. :d
@ kunhan; with 45000 backers, only a small proportion of backers have been involved with this comments section. at this stage there have been no postings here reporting receipt of jackets.
once again is there any asia-based trial-deliverying jackets have been received? looking for the lucky guys to share the news with us.
it's not so much that they are delivering late mike, it's the mismatch between promise and reality. see below. their words... i'm not acting like they are rolling in money but with a figure above $10m clearly they have the funds upfront to professionalise their communications. i find their communications to appear deliberately ambiguous and lacking in transparency. the delays, correctly managed, i can handle.  the poor communication, on the other hand, i find a slap in the face to the backers that took a great risk and allowed baubax to get off the ground. i repeat -without us, there would be no baubax. and that deserves courtesy.
"our team is comprised of seasoned entrepreneurs, fashion designers, user experience designers, and supply chain experts with more than 40 years of entrepreneurial and manufacturing experience, so rest assured the jackets will exceed your expectations. we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. we have identified and locked in our manufacturers who will be able to ship within 60 days of successful project funding, so you can enjoy your very own baubax jackets before the winter travel season kicks in. what you are seeing are prototypes, so expect the final product to be more polished and of supreme quality"
to understand what i mean about sleeve length: if you look at the female blue sweatshirt, that is how long i normally like my sleeves.
i think the concern with the bomber being too short for me is the sleeve length. i like it to come just over my hands and the pictures look like it is just above the wrist. however, i am guessing the model on tom is taller and lankier than i am so i don't think it will be a problem. the red does look a little lighter than in the campaign, but fabrics and colors change. and i agree that lighting can be an issue. i am still looking forward to getting my jacket and seeing for myself how it turns out!
@jessica -- the chicago tribune did do a story on the delay at the end of last month: http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/ct-baubax-kickstarter-delays-bsi-20151229-story.html (unfortunately, poorly run campaigns are so frequent that they are not newsworthy, especially this early on).
jessica there is no way that's right.  the early bird sweatshirt 2 pack was $178 us. and the reality is that there is no stink in media or social media because no one cares that a kickstarter is delivering a few months late.  the media, in particular, only really pays attention to notable failures, whether it be do to the amount of money involved or some colossal screwup by the creator.
i paid 278 (early bird!) dollars, not counting the additional for blankets. i can buy it on tom with much more guarantee for less money - 248. this is an issue. i kickstarted a heated jacket a month after this which came two weeks late but still ahead of this and has currently over 50 updates and they couldn't make a hoodie, or jacket, with multiple pockets in this amount of time to mail to anyone? money may or not be lost but in not sure why there isn't a much bigger stink about it i the media or social media before more people dump money into something that at the very least seems rather suspicious.
@david you are correct. i never noticed that on indiegogo previously. (clicking on "learn more" under total fund raised clarifies this). thanks!
the sum on the indiegogo campaign is the total from both sites.  if you look at the number of backers there they clearly did not raise another 11 million.
actually, that's $21 million between indiegogo and kickstarter. mike, you're giving a lot of benefit of the doubt to an unproven company that raised $21 million dollars for a product that nobody has yet to receive, and a company that, in spite of raising $21 million, hasn't communicated properly with the people who gave them the $21 million, let alone hired someone to handle social media. but, whatevs, continue showing more frustration towards other customers. we clearly don't "get" kickstarter like you do.
$10m in revenue is a far cry from $10m in profit! from what they have said the profit per jacket is razor thin (probably like $10 based on the prices we bought at). stop acting like they are rolling in money.  they aren't. most of it went right back out the door towards manufacturing, material, inspection services, warehouse and distribution, and travel to/from china to meet with potential manufacturers.
the reality is that they have overpromised and are underdelivering. they've received over $10m in revenue and a greater professsionalism is expected once figures get so sky-high, irrespective of whatever the profit is.
ugh.  i give up.  you people just want what you want when you want it and forget any realities of the situation! enjoy your jackets.  geez.
@mike:  the "quality" of updates and "timeliness" of information provided.  during december and january baubax has made two updates, and one comment.  one of those updates, and the only comment, was to provided links for us to buy more jackets.  if baubax "really" wanted us to see pictures of the jackets, they would have put them in an update.  they "want" us to buy more jaclets at tom -- and it offered a convenient rationale to put the link in the comments. their last update (only 11 days old) -- said they will be shipping from both their warehouses in hong kong and the us this week.  @mike: how much confidence do you have that baubax will do what they said they would?  and if they don't, how much confidence do you have that they will do an update by monday to tell us what happened/give us a revised timeline? i know the creators of the other projects i have going on, have been very clear/concise on what will happen / what they are doing-- and even what they don't know.  i have never seen that from baubax.
@mike kopack: yup, the lighting is a huge factor in determining if you are seeing the right colour. i bought two blazers last week, one navy blue, the other black. they look the exact same under some lights, and completely different under others. most lights though, have a cover that slightly alters the colouring of the light coming out. remove said cover, and you usually get a better definition of the colour of clothing.
the tom site says they're shipping in 6-8 weeks, so we are still getting ours first. and as an early bird backer, prices there are 40 dollars more than i paid. lengths look fine, though i would have also preferred the darker red. this isn't a puffer, i don't need it down to my knees.
eh. if you're unwilling to cough up personal info to tom , simply use mobile phones to read it. just saying.
@ale : and yes you have eyes. but you are also basing it on photos. you have no idea if lighting affected color perception. you can't tell build quality. you don't know fit until you try it on yourself. so why complain about any of that until you get it and can tell first hand?
@alex : the problem is that some of you seem to expect "regular updates" = weekly or daily.  most campaigns i've been involved with do monthly. yes we are taking a risk backing.  the issue is that many seem to act like ks is a store and thy bought something off the shelf and then are bitching that it didn't ship yet, which is unrealistic to put it mildly.
baubax is not the only ks project that is on tom. so many ks projects over there. guess that is a site for ks project to go to after ks.
"no knowledge of quality or color or sizing."- i see photos, i have eyes... "how about we stop worrying what others are paying for the jackets?" "many of you have no idea what you got yourselves into" - i see kickstarter as a quid pro quo: - the entrepreneur is desperate for cash to make their vision come true (and maybe make them rich) and is grateful for a stream of risk-taking investors. - the investor is taking a high risk (project may fail or be delayed). in exchange for very high risk compared to a retail an investor should expect a) a small discount that is as stated b) transparent and regular communication and c) the finished version shoud be as good or better than the prototype and no major deviations from what was promised. - a) and b) are the minimum investor should expect  - entrepreneur should know that if c) isn't met, investors will be unhappy and express this (but i appreciate will have no recourse as they took the risk)
depending on how the jacket actually is when i get it, i may end up just selling it instead. who knows until i have it in my hands though. hopefully not too much longer(though i wont have it for vacation on thursday, which was the original plan....oh well).
alex: maybe because some people seem to take every possible opportunity to complain and whine about everything!!! the amount of self centered narcissistic nonsense in these comments is staggering imo. how about we all relax until we have jackets in hand before complaining as we have no first hand knowledge of quality or color or sizing. how about we stop worrying what others are paying for the jackets? (baubax is trying to be a company which means they need to continue sales beyond the ks campaign). all i see here is constant whining and complaining. many of you have no idea what you got yourselves into and frankly should stay the heck off kickstarter if you can't handle the realities of new product and company development.
why? because it seems like all some of you people do is whine and complain!!! seriously. take a darn chill pill and relax.
david, with respect, you really do talk out of your own backside.
it's retail.  of course there's no risk.  sales are going to happen.  jackets are going to be sold for less than msrp online.  the savings, incidentally, is relative; for early bird backers the cost savings are substantial.   timing is irrelevant; if these jackets had shipped in november they would have been for sale through regular channels in december. i think what's really bothering you is that baubax is succeeding in the marketplace and that absolutely no one of importance is interested in listening to your complaining.
@david thanks!!! i got in!!! lol
so what, david? all that matters is that it would have been possible to wait and pay almost the same price. tom buyers are taking relatively very little risk and get to see the product before they buy. we took a very high risk, had our money locked away for a long time, and that should be respected with - at the very least - more courtesy from baubax in the means and frequency of communication and first access to new information.
i think something some of you may have overlooked is that the tom jackets are on sale for the next five days.  maybe they will be perpetually on sale, maybe not.  we'll find out on saturday. if you would like something else to complain about, the listed msrps are actually higher than what was provided on the campaign page.
@alex jarman, thank you! : )
mike, why are you setting on fellow backers? we have a right to voice our legitimate complaints if in our view the final product looks inferior to the prototype. of course they should make it easy for us to see the finished product. without the seed capital provided by the backers, there would be no baubax. it's a basic courtesy. i do resent advertising a product all day by wearing a label. maybe that's me but it means i won't recommend a labelled product so they won't get word of mouth sales. they quoted a "future retail price" as a sales technique to get us to buy. it's disingenous to then offer product immediately well below that "future retail price" to buyers that didn't have to take the same level of risk we did.
@maureen, just go to the updates section and take a look at the latest update.  that's the latest info everyone has.  shipping is supposedly imminent for ks backers according to the update.
i just want to clarify that my original post about tom was half in jest.  their requirement to have an account to browse the website is unbelievably sketchy, but that's not baubax's problem.  their product is actually a good fit for that store. if you chose to give touch of modern your e-mail address or facebook account, that's your problem.  if you had done some searching on the internet you would have found there's other ways to get into the site without coughing up your personal information.
wow, looks like some of you woke up today to the realization that ordering something sight unseen on the internet maybe wasn't a good idea. -  there's nothing wrong with the logo.  you probably wear clothing with more blatant manufacturer advertising every day.  putting them between your shoulder blades like that is the trendy thing to do.  look at it this way; if your hood is down, no one will see it, and since it's on your back you never have to look at it while you're wearing it.  you are going to completely forget that its there. - i really do not understand why people continue to complain about the bomber being to short.  i think the problem is that some of you do not understand what a bomber jacket is and how it is cut, or like to buy coats that are too big for you. -  are we still giving condescending business 101 lectures?  this is a company that sells jackets.  they are not going to sit around twiddling their thumbs while kickstarter and indiegogo jackets shipped.  you provided the seed money to get them off the ground and had to deal with the fact that you had to ride the startup curve to get yours.
hello folks, has been awhile since i received an email that my pledge was being honored and shipping imminent. yet nothing has arrived.  what is up, please?  i too have seen the jackets/ hoodies promised to backers at tom. hoping for positive news.
mike, the reason some of us are annoyed with having to view baubax's jackets on a third party site is because it's a restricted site.  we all had to sign up to tom via facebook/email addresses to view the pics.  tom now have our email addresses and for some their facebook logins.  that means tom can now send us all sorts of email paraphernalia that we aren't really interested in.  if baubax are to be taken seriously as a business in the future, they need to improve their communication and marketing.  that includes posting their own pics as an update on ks and not cause inconvenience to their backers.  they say they have learned from their mistakes but it is obvious they have not.
haha, as i said before, if i were them, i wouldn't even bother commenting here, it won't help! "oh noes, this thing i ordered on the internet isn't exactly what i thought, how could this be?!"
hi @thefunkygibbon!  if you go to touchofmodern again and click on the picture of the red or blue jackets it'll take you to a page with more close up photos of the bombers that you can actually zoom in on.  the label and letters of the brand stick out like a sore thumb.  it's a restricted site so i doubt i can actually send a link that will work.  try this anyway: https://www.touchofmodern.com/sales/baubax/baubax-bomber-female-blue by the way 3p = third party cheers!
wow, somebody shares a web site where they are posting the jackets for sale, giving everyone a chance to see what the finished jackets look like and all you people do is complain! argh. i see no such "huge ugly label" in any of the pictures. why is it such an affront to you that there are pictures of the jackets posted on a clothing sales site? or that the price is only $10 more than we paid?? how exactly are either of those things hurting you? keep in mind they want this to be a business, not a 1-off production run, and that means they have to find ways to keep selling jackets to others.  we are still going to get ours first.  you can bet they produced more than they needed to fulfill the kickstarter and indiegogo backer rewards. personally i think the jackets look good and i can't wait to get both of mine.
@jennifer -  a) yeah the red does look nasty now.  the deep red was loads nicer.  b) label?  you're not the first person to mention this , but i've looked at the touchofmodern pictures and i cannot for the life of me see any label/logo on any of them.  any chance you could link to the picture in question? c) 3p ?
i have to agree with the comments made by both @k macdonald and @bruce gilliland.  for some reason the red bomber jackets do not look like the prototype.  i'm hoping it's the lighting but the red is not as deep a red as the prototype - can't figure out why it's now shiny.  i bought the red because i was attracted to the deep red canvas look not the shiny red plastic bag look it now is.  i also hate the gigantic ugly label on the back.  so tacky.  the bomber jacket would look much classier with a smaller leather patch/metal plate.  i'll be unpicking it.  don't get me started on the 3p website to view pictures of the jacket.  that's just laziness personified.
hello! may i know when i will receive it? waiting in singapore :)
i'm not feel particularly optimistic about the shade of red on the bombers, it looks much paler than the lovely deep red of the prototypes :(
seeing how short the arms and body of the bombers are make me worried that after all this it won't even fit me, even if i got a tall version. which, i noticed, is apparently no longer offered. i hope they kept and made tall sizes for our kickstarter ones do i at least have a chance of fitting in mine. fingers crossed.
thank you for the link. it's always good to see the final jackets we will receive.
how are you guys selling on tom when most of us haven't even gotten our tracking info yet let alone the actual jacket
so looks slightly better now that i am able to view your jackets not in the dark (thanks to your suggestion of accessing a restricted access site) as i registered for touchofmodern. was very surprised that you were selling the jackets for only $10 more than i paid. so much for loyal early customers... unfortunately the bomber jackets imo: - look too short - have an ugly baubax label on the back. bad call... - the shade of blue is a bad choice as it emphasises the synthetic nature of the material. they definitely look less good than on your kickstarter video. very disappointing.
@ creator - are you folks too lazy to update your facebook pages with new photos of productions jackets? all the old photos on the ks project page and on your facebook pages were of pre-production demos. why do you continue making things difficult of us and making yourselves look stupid? do you not realize that if you do try to sell your jackets through retail outlets in the future, the mass of negative reviews you will get from your original backers will likely kill most future sales. the regular readers here know i have generally been a supporter of your efforts, but this latest move really is dumb - making us register on a third-party website just to see the jackets. let me say this again, hiral. if your mba professors look at what you are doing, you can kiss your mba degree goodbye.
@ corolla - the hong kong distribution will be for shipping to asian and pacific backers (maybe india as well, but that's just my guess). there will be distribution centers on the east and west coasts of the united states for western hemisphere backers. i assume the east coast facility could handle european backers, but again, that is just my guess. i don't believe local carriers have been named.
as your warehouse at hong kong and i'm come from hong kong actually. the route for your transportation is return to us then send to hong kong again? or it will be sent to me by local?any contact point could be reached by me then i can get it more directly?
...aaaaand baubax appears again, not to address backer concerns, but to show somewhere else they're selling the product.
thank you baubax. i can't see very well (you put them on a restricted website that requires a login) but i will respectfully disagree with david however and say they look disappointingly cheap, synthetic and shiny - the bombers at least - and little like the jackets in the original videos.
oh god not touch of modern and their crappy force you to sign in pop-up.  of all the things you've done, this may be the most inexcusable! jackets look great tho.
@christophe brun: you asked for our product pictures? here you go: https://www.touchofmodern.com/sales/baubax
it has a drink holder. what better gift for st. patricks.
@ bruce gilliland - gifts are appropriate any time you see something that someone would like and want to get it for them. so, st patrick's day can certainly be celebrated with a gift :)
thank you craftydemonite, i totally missed that link. i saw the one about the pen, but not this one. my bad.
@ rolts, david,  christophe. et. al. - comparing ks campaigns can be a problem. sure, some are on time, or reasonably close to it. a lot of them are at least somewhat late, a few very late, and even fewer never see the light of day even if they were successfully funded. as i posted a few days ago, the coolest cooler might be the closest example based on the number of participants and the complexity of the item. several thousand backers have gotten their coolers, but thousands more, including me, have not. the project is more than a year late. but i did receive an e-mail last week, again asking to confirm my shipping address. in a year's time, a lot of people move. so, i have hope that i may get it in the next few months. they hope to have a tool available soon to show us how much longer we will have to wait. if you check their project page, you will see many, many complaints about the delays. so, we are not alone over here. let's face it, when someone comes up with a new idea - or someone new tries an old idea with a few new wrinkles - they are usually folks who have not done this type of thing before. they have to learn the hard way how to run a business. and we are part of the training process. as i have since learned, there are a number of garments already on the market that are similar to the baubax jacket, maybe just with not all the bells and whistles. someone who need to travel this past holiday season could have bought one quickly. but we chose to go with all the bells and whistles of the baubax jacket. with a little luck i will have it in time for my late spring travels. i doubt i will my the jackets for my wife and daughter by valentine's day. are gifts appropriate for st. patrick's day?
@ christophe brun; there is a link in update 15 (towards the bottom) that will take you to an inspection report with all kinds of pictures of the sweatshirts, and more details about their construction if you care to read them.  https://www.dropbox.com/s/dcy0kzoxibk135b/sweatshirt%20inspection%20report.pdf… but let's not put away our tin foil hats yet!! maybe they had custom decoy sweatshirts to go with the custom made empty boxes. truly these are masters of super villainy.
no one is going to the effort of loading several hundred custom made empty boxes onto a truck as a platitude, when in the same update they have shared all the mind numbingly boring details about the manufacturing defects of an accessory.
@ christophe brun: ".... if i were baubax .....and first thing i would love to do is ..." the emphasis here is "i". that is your position, not facts, that is your opinion. you can not assume it is anyone else's opinion, e.g. creators'. when i ask you to back up your statements, it places no obligation to on me to substantiate the opposite premise. that is known as a burden of proof reversal.
what are the facts ? baubax started a kickstarter campaign about a very exciting product, they shared to the world their idea, their concept and prototypes! and they succeeded, backers (future customers) are here, money is here and they got everything to make the dream comes true. of course, as expected, they met some issues.. that's normal for that big number of backers and the number of sizes, colors and type of jacket they are proposing. but hey, still, if i were baubax, i would be still dam excited by everything coming out from the fabric, even if delays happen. and first thing i would love to do is to share these informations with the ppl who supported me and my ideas. that's the facts. now, i'm waiting for ur "other valid reasons" about what's happening here.
@ david; there is no direct link between previous kickstarter campaigns and this one. there were many new backers who backed this project. that the test posting happened in south east asia may indicate that a large number of rewards need to be posted in that area. there is no information one way or the other to determine the backer location for this project.  @ christopher brun; why must there be only two valid reasons? are you privy to information that other backers have not seen? if your starting position is that you are been deceived or that you have made a poor decision in backing the project, your proposed reasons then reflects this bias.
of course, it's been 2 months already that i'm saying they are not taking any pictures of their final products. there are only 2 valid reasons for that: - the jackets are not done yet and they are lying to us - the jackets are crappy
i think @david raise a very valid point. how baubax have done things so far certainly defies common business logic, re communications with the backers and trial logistics another interesting thing to note is that to date, we have not seen a completed piece of jacket, nothing whatsoever except the test samples worn by factory workers a few updates ago. all we have seen are boxes geting loaded with their logo and that truck load of box could be anything. it has been almost two weeks since baubax pledged regular updates and more follow up. not to be pessimistic, we seems to be experiencing groundhog day
i'm excited to finally receive mine.
@jennifer mova's pocket is at the back, if leo jumps out i don't think @melissa will be able to chase after!!! lol..... and it will be animal abuse if @melissa zipped leo in!!!
@nick wallace: i've backed 75 campaigns. its true - i've complained a ton about 5 of them (and directed my complaints at the company, not personally attacking fellow backers). of those that i've complained about, all but one ended up being a huge disappointment - the product was sent damaged, never fulfilled, or the company ended up being an embarrassment. (the exception being the pebble watch). if there's a trend i've noticed its that companies that don't communicate with backers end up never sending out product, or sending out crap. go figure. as for your claim that "obviously you consider the us to the center of the earth and as such can't contemplate why things like this would be sent to any other country," the reality is that according to kickstarters own public info, of the 3.3 million worldwide backers they had in 2014, 2.2 million were from the us. (4,700 were from china... 98,000 from australia). i know that, as you say, i "have absolutely no way of knowing" where this particular projects orders are going, you can look at the same data i'm making this balanced assumption from: http://kck.st/1jtofaj but, typically, when people send out test packages from fulfillment centers, it's to see how long deliveries take, and actual costs of shipping to different areas (i understand based on your backing one single ks campaign you may not have seen how ks campaigns that do communicate with backers relay this info); and that, indeed, sending shipments to a sampling of locations, especially where the highest concentration of orders are from, is how this process works. but sending samples to asia, that accounts for (historically) less than 5% of orders go doesn't seem like a smart measure of how shippers work our their options.
@ethan- orders are now locked in.  they are preparing for shipments and cannot continue to switch orders/shipping addresses.
you never responded to my questions!
i have seen the cat/small dog hoodie on amazon.  kangaroo pocket for your pet.  also had a serious debate with myself about the astronaut pet bag.  have not purchased either.  but i'm stuck in a blizzard and im drinking.  only time will tell.
angela, there is a link in the christmas update to a store that lets you buy at kickstarter prices.
in regards to the indiegogo account, if anyone is looking to purchase a blanket separately they are selling them for $30 plus shipping. so it comes out to about $35 for shipping in the us. they said they are selling them until they close the campaign ina few days.
@ mike kopack: agreed. maybe construct one from http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzb6kdrfnu1qad3ji.jpg
sharon, perhaps you ought to introduce melissa to mova jackets - big humongous pocket at the back like a reverse kangaroo pocket! great for a growing kitty! lol! as for baubax, i'm still eagerly awaiting actual shipping news, like everyone else here on ks! exercising patience.  for some reason i keep getting notifications for baubax jackets on igg even tho i didn't back the jackets there.  they're closing the igg campaign there within the next few days. they expect to finish production by end of jan and ship in feb for igg orders. hopefully, we'll get ours before then. might as well just wait calmly.
@melissa hmmmm........ we'll take ur suggestion into consideration and may add it to baubax 2.0. as for now, try not to feed leo so he can fit into kitty pocket!!! and since it's winter, maybe suggest to leo to go into hibernation!!!
pockets need expandable zippers for growing kittens.  like luggage that unzips to accommodate more clothing.
@melissa due to leo that has grown since our campaign ended, we need to redesign a kitty pocket for u and it's causing delay in delivering ur jacket for ur winter. our suggestion to u, when u receive ur jacket, fly to another country where they are having winter so u can make full use for it!!!! disclaimer: this is just a joke with melissa, i'm not from baubax!!!! u can read and join in the fun or skip my post!!!!
@roltz: i think we need to start up a new meme - rtfu - "read the fraking updates"
you know i come on here to see the daily whiner posts and just get a good "wtf?!?!" chuckle out of some of you people.  it's amazing how clueless some folks are!
oh man.  it's going to snow and i still don't have my jackets! what am i supposed to do now?!?  my winter is ruined. #thanksbaubax #thanksobama
@nick - well played.
dear gloria, please follow this link http://lmgtfy.com/… have a wonderful day....
@ gloria - we all understand why you are upset. but if you will read the latest update, you will see what the latest proposed schedule for shipping is. also, if you read the latest updates, you will get some idea of some of the issues baubax has had. i don't have the links, but two news media articles in the past month or so also offer some idea of the problems baubax had. maybe someone can re-post the links. not to mention, if you have been reading the posts here from time to time, you should have gotten a better understanding of how ks projects work. one, you won't get your money back. two, you will get your jackets, just not when you thought you should.
this whole thing stinks! i have no way to contact this people. i paid for 2l jackets since aug2015, kickstarter is just washing their hands and cannot get in touch with baubax!!!  who is going to be responsible for this and send my 2 jackets or my $ back?????
@mijin- orders and shipping address are locked in as they now have begun compiling orders, packaging and shipping.
is there any way that i can change my order?? i got 2 sweaters but now i would like to change to 2 bombers. i asked through email about a month ago and i still didn't get the answer. anyone in same situation??
the schedule for the final delivery date on 15 jan for backer. no update yet. comment from hong kong.
@gin: isn't it the same place spiders come from?
*cough.s.a
@nick wallace. you woudnt like the answer...
still waiting their tracking :(
@ ni k wallace: +1
@david markland have you ever heard the saying that "insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting a different result"? looking at your comments you've backed quite a few campaigns and complained quite a few times about lack of updates and still seem to be surprised when it happens again and again... i'm not entirely sure you've quite grasped what kickstarter is? it's a gamble if nothing else, you're gambling your money that a product will be what you want. heck, buying over the internet is a gamble at the best of times with established and long running companies, this is an even bigger gamble!! why would it be more effective to send everything to the us first and then everywhere else? how on earth could that possibly make any sense? they get it all sent to hong kong which is a major port and fairly central to their factories, split it there, all the countries orders get sent to each country and then sent out by the countries postal network, how would it make sense to send everything to the us and then to every other country?! obviously you consider the us to the center of the earth and as such can't contemplate why things like this would be sent to any other country, otherwise you wouldn't make the comment "where the vast majority of orders are going" when you have absolutely no way of knowing where they're going. seriously, where do the fools like yourself come from?!
it's late january, i'm actually traveling next week, and still no jacket. i understand that there were troubles, but if this isn't unprofessional (there's some communication so that's fine), then it's definitely slipshod, poor service.
@david. for deliveries to us backers they will be doing just that: bulk shipping to the us and dispatching by usps from there. for backers in all other countries* (all of whom who paid extra for delivery) shipping from hong kong is far more effective and timely.  i have found that shipping items to aus from the usa is very expensive compared to asia. * i don't know if canada addresses are shipped from usa.
and why is their fulfillment center in hong kong? i'm probably just an idiot on these things, but wouldn't it be more cost effective to freight the jackets to the us and send out individual packages from there? of course, they're the ones with supply chain experts, perfectionists, and have done their homework... so, i mean, why should anyone at this point be skeptical?
＠bruce gilliland i'm expecting that someone will post their pics of their own jacket to share the happiness with us
@ kunhan - it appears that i am the one who needs to (re)read the last update: "what happened to the trial run of shipping the jackets in december? "the trial run was meant to be a test for us to understand our shipping timing and process from the fulfillment centers to the customer. we were able to do a trial run, shipping out approx 1,000 jackets in late december, from our hong kong warehouse, to randomly chosen customers based in asia (due to their close proximity to hong kong)." so, if those folks did receive their jackets, they have not said so here as far as i have seen. baubax did say they were waiting on final delivery notifications to evaluate the results. as you say, it should mean they got their jackets. but until they post their comments here - or baubax reports they were delivered - i would not assume anything.
if they wanted to actually track shipping times, why wouldn't they include a bulk of the trial shipments to the united states, where the vast majority of orders are likely going?
＠bruce gilliland of course i did. that's why i ask for "if" anyone get. according to this paragraph in the update 15 q&a6 :what happened to the trial run of shipping the jackets in december? the trial run was meant to be a test for us to understand our shipping timing and process from the fulfillment centers to the customer. we were able to do a trial run, shipping out approx 1,000 jackets in late december, from our hong kong warehouse, to randomly chosen customers based in asia isn't this mean that some backers got their reward?
@ kunhan - did you read update 15? it has the latest on shipment plans. and, no, no one has gotten their jackets.
is there anybody here received there jackets? since there should be approx 1000 nonus jackets have been sent. any news? comment from taiwan yeah
@joe - read the darn updates here and you'll know.  and check your spam folder.  chances are the emails of the updates landed there.
@ david markland - once the ks campaign ended, no more jackets could be ordered there. by going to indiegogo, baubax could increase the total number of jackets ordered from the manufacturers. in theory, that would help ensure the base, fixed costs were covered and possibly make some profit on the project. once the orders were in production, adding another 1,000 jackets (my estimate) should not delay delivery time significantly. as long as ks backers get theirs first. it should not have a (major) negative impact on the project.
david markland, there was no campaign at indiegogo.  it is on demand ordering, and in spite of all the negativity people are continuing to place orders there.
i have not reviewed any updates nor have i received my order of a jacket and a sweatshirt .....what's the story?
fraud? nooo, how come ? because they are so proud of their own products, they didn't take any recent pictures of the jackets they made and wore by real ppl. instead, we have plenty of pen images and plenty of box pictures ;) amazing !
@steve:     http://waterbottles.com/water-bottles/foldable-water-bottles/show/all is one source of many.  amazon and walmart likely have them too.
the fact that other ks projects have had delays should never be used as an excuse, or placation, for upset ks backers. if a ks project has missed a deadline because of their success, then they planned poorly - period. any ks worth its salt would have done prior research, due diligence, etc., and noted this as a possibility under the "risks" section, or more simply, limited the number of available perks to something they knew the could manage. baubax wasn't caught off guard by their success. in spite of the success of the ks, they went and  promoted on indiegogo as well... and while they notified ks backers of delayed shipments, they held off on revealing this same info to the indiegogo folks for weeks, until just before the indiegogo campaign ended. this isn't to mention that in their original campaign description, baubax listed: "our team is comprised of seasoned entrepreneurs, fashion designers, user experience designers, and supply chain experts with more than 40 years of entrepreneurial and manufacturing experience... we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. we have identified and locked in our manufacturers who will be able to ship within 60 days of successful project funding, so you can enjoy your very own baubax jackets before the winter travel season kicks in." false hype = false advertising = fraud.
@steve i would assume it would be for every jacket as that makes the most sense.but you know what happens when you assume.
how do i order more collapsible water bottles? i ordered extra blankets; will i get a water bottle for each jacket and blanket?
atomic kitten has fallen to cold and flu season.  leo is not a good caretaker.
@bruce: there was another one - stealth playing cards - that was being sold in stores before 90% of backers got their rewards. the special rewards ran out(things like t-shirts, engraved mugs, etc.) before 75% of the people who ordered one got their rewards....almost 2.5 years late. hell, he must have made a good amount on the decks he sold elsewhere as he also ended up sending me a refund for the full amount(though he said in february that he mailed it, and even in march he back peddled and finally sent it out after telling me i would get a refund in november 2014).
@ christophe - good one! someone knows their weapons. @ gm - that project reminds me of my very first ks project - the epiphany - a device that would use heat or cold from a drink to generate electricity to charge your phone. one update in about 2 years - and of course, nothing else.
proximity minions sound like something that will blow u out when u approach them ahah
a new faction has arisen!!! "the proximity minions" -- the creators next-door neighbors, trying to gate crash planet no-bax's storehouses.
captain obvious is back ! my chinese kids are working on baubax jackets, can i ask them to pick up the order i made directly from the fabric ?
@ ho king him: wanting to collect their reward in hong kong; hang on, i'll duck out the back and sort through the tens of thousands of jackets to find your order, it will be easy to find because it will be the special one. http://cdn.meme.am/instances/55149387.jpg
i'm from hong kong, can i pick up mine from the warehouse then?
there's an article online that lists some of the most popular projects and their missed deliveries.  it was a really good chart that you can click on each project.  one project was so popular, there weren't enough materials in the world-literally- to complete.  some sort of special item they needed.  they had to get some manufacturing company to start making it just to work on their product.
@bruce: though not to the same scale price/funds raised wise, look at wayward sons 3 & 4: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1932174840/wayward-sons-volumes-3-and-4 the books were in the guys possession last i heard, and still haven't gotten anything. i'm not even holding out on hope for getting one.
if many of you think things are bad with baubax, check out the 14,000+ comments over at the coolest cooler project: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ryangrepper/coolest-cooler-21st-century-cooler-thats-actually/comments the project raised $13 million from 62,000 backers in 2014. the original target date was early 2015. so far, many, if not most, backers have not received their coolers (me included). in fact, a news story quotes company people that only 35,000 coolers are been made so far. to add insult to injury, you can order one (at the full retail price) from amazon. of course, they had technical problems and a factory strike. it may be little consolation to those waiting for their jackets, but you are not alone. misery loves company.
yep, after that it's lottery, as i said, they cannot check every single package entering the country. but you decrease your chance if you have expensive stuffs with a lot of items..
then there was another one, totaling $120us i had to pay an additional $20 cdn on it. that one has 8 items in it(also a ks campaign).
@christophe: i had a package(from another ks campaign) that had 16 items in it, totaling over $280 us, no extra charges.
it depends on the number of items u have ordered and the price of them. they cannot check every package coming in... so they target the most expensive ones or the ones with a lot of items inside, to avoid reselling at a higher price. in france, i got caught only once because we (with friends) ordered more than 10items with a total higher than 300 euros. so we had to pay additional taxes to get our stuff.
@daniel: it depends on the items. i've ordered stuff that came to over $200, paid nothing extra from what i bought them at.
@ tom & nick: baubax have commented here but it has been infrequent. to see their comments:- 1.click on the baubax icon above. 2. on the pop-up, click on the baubax icon again. this will take you to the baubax profile page. 3. on the profile page click on comments and you will be able to see all postings on the comments section of campaign pages. this does not include updates, which can be easily accessed from the updates' tab on this page.
if i were baubax i wouldn't delve into the comments at all... imagine the floodgates that would open if they did!! just stick to replying to emails, stick to the "official channels" imho.
@rolts fyi, i have read that canada adds taxes for anything over $25.
i would like for baubax to comment on this page for once. i don't care what their comment is about but they seem to be evading this page!
day 51: everything still runs like day 50. and will be expected to run this way in the next month or so.  /end report
@kaiserkai- excellent log update.
lol @carol berkow who "doesn't do poly cotton blends", can you please explain why you don't "do poly cotton blends"? honestly a lot of people wouldn't even really know if they got one and how much of a blend it is because whilst the fabric used is important so is quality of the fabric, you can have a 100% cotton sweater and it could still suck if the cotton used is awful! also love your previous comments about someone else talking about lawsuits and telling them to get a grip and then reading your comment on how they "violated" your "contract!", did you sign a special contract the rest of us weren't apart of? and yes, lots of people go out of their way to find poly cotton blends, i regularly do for my work shirts because they iron so much more easily and look a ton sharper too, i've personally found it's just the yuppies who go for the "100% cotton only" stance, less because they know anything about it and more because they like telling their friends "ohhh, darling, i onnnlllyyy buy 100% cotton, i don't do poly cotton blends..." people are fun :)
imperial honours are to be conferred upon our highly esteemed official documenter, kaiserkai.  however as such honours are mailed, there may be issues with the courier service, taxes and service charges as applied locally.  not wishing to further add to the recipient's distress, the fabric of the ceremonial sash is now a blend of synthetic and natural fibres. to compensate for the delay in the honours, a chalice is to be sent as compensation. be aware that it may not be filled until passing through space port security. may the farce be with you!
day 50 - planet no-bax is elated. "the creator" has returned with a glorious update, showing many boxes and lots of words. mike kopack has been promoted to president, on his merits of being right all along. atomic kitten, the mountain and the regurgitators have new jobs, adressing a whole new slew of issues. quickly the pitchfork crews have re-arranged into new factions. the "no tax for yous'es" -- worried about interstellar tax treaties and customs goons taking their space dollars the "apostels of dont mix my fabrics" -- pointing to the scriptures of a recent update they are insisting on false advertising. of course the ever present ""jacketless traveling brigade" (credit to mr. brun) and the "migrationists" leaving their nest and worried that the "jackets" will not get to them at their new homes. tally-ho dear planeteers. tally-ho.
@ suseendran - the delivery addresses were locked down some time back. you should have received an email where you were asked to verify your mailing address. at this point, all you can do is ask someone to receive the package and forward it to you. if you receive a tracking number from a carrier, you might be able to contact them and ask them to re-route the package to your new address.
@kev - legally they have to declare it at the market value. that's the law. not their fault your country charges an import duty. should have considered that before backing. also, there's nothing wrong with bringing the bottle on airplanes/airports. you just can't fill it until you get through security... plenty of water fountains after security line...
@james: it would also depend on the value that they will put on the declaration and whether they mark it as a gift or not. so far i have been lucky with the kickstarter rewards not causing me any border fees, but none have used ups so far either.
is there way to change the destination collection address at this moment as i might move to a new office from end of this week .
i'm loving this little ongoing story of leo the kitten to keep us entertained in the void of silence from baubax (not that they're to blame, i certainly appreciate their hard work) just further proves the fact that no matter where you are online, cats shall always be there :p
looking forward to getting the jumper guys!! one note...i've just been sent two items from kickstarter and got a not-so-nice fee at customs, so remember to keep the item price low as to not incur import duty!! also thanks for the travel bottle you'll be sending, but it's a pity it won't be allowed on air travel :-(
@rolts for me here anything above au$400 i have to pay tax.....
@maike- please email support@baubax.com with detailed information.
i asked for germany btw.
hi everybody, i think i asked this a few months ago but would be happy for another confirmation. regarding this page (http://www.import-shopping.de/zoll-und-steuern-bei-china-bestellungen) i need to pay app. 12% + 19%  as in example 3 (1 bomber+ blanket + shipping)...is that right? will i definately have to pay that, or just when "they get me"? thanks in advance...
@ups has a very small footprint in canada, and charges very high brokerage fees for handling the paying of sales tax / import duty. canada post / usps is much more cost effective for canadians buying goods from foreign merchants.
even though i was nearing the end of a big trip overseas, it was pleasant reading the update provided. looking forward to the upcoming email :)
@ james; sorry to hear that, sounds unreasonable. at the moment the only additional costs here in australia, are incurred if you exceed the gst thresh-hold for imports. that is charged at 10% if the goods are over au$1000, otherwise no additional costs.
did see many canadian post in other campaign abt the huge fees needed to pay ups. it's almost the same price they paid for their pledge on ks...... scary......
james, depending on how the coats are classified there could be upwards of an 18% import duty plus 13% hst on top of that.
@rolts: sadly that's not true here in canada, each courier or mail service adds their own fees and such on top of the customs/duty.  ups is known as probably the courier with the most over the top fees.  the other kickstarter project (which did include $20 for shipping) specially stated they would use another mailing service but due to issues with batteries being confiscated they ended up going with ups.  i'm hoping baubax goes with the united states postal service as once that goes over the border, it switches to canada post who only adds $5 on top of the 13% taxes on the items value.
@ james: duties and fees will be government imposts as postage was included in your pledge, and varied depending upon location. government charges and fees should be consistent across couriers because of legal implications.  the previously backed project may not have included shipping charges and fees, and if the item was bulky = additional charges.
hi @baubax team,  which shipper/courier are you guys using to ship out the jackets (specifically to canada).  i really hope it is not ups  as in another kickstarter, ups was charging us canadians $63+ duty and fees on $89 pledge items.  really hoping to avoid going through that again.
@ rob goodwin: addresses are now locked down and you are unable to change. you will need to arrange someone to forward your package. alternatively, depending on who delivers ( if we get tracking information) you may be able to have it redirected via the delivery company.
i am moving at the end of the month. is there a way to know if my sweatshirt will arrive before feb 1? if not, and it does not arrive in time, how would i change my address?
i'm glad that we've gotten an update and the comments were put in use as a wall. how natural.
@rolts whatever happen, good or bad, there will still be screaming backers......
@melissa later @gin might bite the jelly beans!!!! lol.... it looks yummy to @gin!!!!
sharon -  i live on the first floor, but ohhh, it would have been so easy for him to get lost. :( look at this pink jelly bean toe though! https://www.dropbox.com/s/844753ewy5vz096/2015-12-19%2002.30.24.jpg…
@ sharon: backers be like: http://media.carbonated.tv/124927_story__futuregollum.jpg
@melissa lock ur windows, we don't need a "flying" cat story..... and we don't want leo to try and see if cat really have 9 life.....
@teng fong i think the only way out u have is to talk to ur sch security guards about the delivery coming to u and ask them to help u receive the jacket or something. or maybe change the address to one of ur sch mates or teacher.
i remember there were lots of comments here before campaign ends that the sweatshirt will be change to 80% cotton and 20% poly if 100% cotton can't hold it's shape when fully loaded. when it becomes 60%/40%, i have no idea.
just wanted to say i'm happy with the update, finally, and looking forward to seeing you other people when we're wearing our jackets and giving you the head nod thing!  sup!
ps- i have quite a few cookies in honor of reaching comment milestones on the ek campaign. gm can verify.
@umm... everyone.  ima finish my drink and post pictures of leo. the little bugger almost escaped!! before tonight he could never jump on counter.  i went to bathroom, came back out and he was on the window sill- outside!!  i have never grabbed and pulled sooo hard(that's what she said).  then i snuggled him and shamed him.
@ gin: thanks for the cookie. i'm just going to sit quietly in this corner, eating the virtual cookie and patting a virtual leo.
@rolts, i see that they have finally broke you. here, have a cookie. your jacket's on its way
the cost of the jacket is due to all the features that make it a travel jacket (pen, pillow pockets).  if you just wanted a bare bones jacket (even 100% cotton) there were always far cheaper options available. as far as the fabric goes, fabric information was put on the campaign page around august 5 according to update 5.  and the comment about the sweatshirt being a cotton-poly blend was made at the end of august, before the close of pledging.  so either they always knew the sweatshirts needed to be a blend and someone goofed when the graphic was created, or they found out sometime between the 5th and 31st and forgot to update the graphic before the end of the campaign.  most of the statements baubax made regarding materials carried the qualifier that they were subject to change and the other fabric descriptors on that graphic are vague enough to not give any construction details.
@rolts, yeah i understand the explanation, i just feel deceived. this was not an inexpensive investment.  for an off-brand sweatshirt, over $100 is egregious .... but for one that isn't 100% cotton? just kind of makes me feel like a sucker for going on and on to my friend about my awesome kickstarted sweater.  i also understand that most of the cost is the construction and labor, not the fabric, but still. but still.
similar products (hoodie from scottevest and sweatshirt from globaltravelclothing) have the same cotton/poly blend. i would say reasons are as rolts explained below. no doubt this should have been clearly communicated to backers, as some might not like to wear synthetic fibers.  i personally don't mind, but we all know by now that their communication was totally not up to scratch post funding.
@ carol berkow: the change in fabric should have been given in an update so that it would have been seen by more backers. the reason, from my understanding, for the change was that the blend enabled the garment to retain its shape when full loaded in all pockets, phone, ipad etc.
@ jonathon widjaja; there has been no comment form the creator to suggest any change to the half scoop gloves as per the campaign.
i don't consider a comment in this threat to be sufficient notice.  also....do i live in some other world where people go out of their way to request a poly blend?  that's a hard one to buy.
what happened with the half scoop gloves??
@ kaiserkai - i have been busy elsewhere the past day or so. i just read your "day 46" post from about a day ago. classic. between your "analysis" and melissa's kitten, much of this comments sections has been more fun to read lately. @ fabrics issues - i went back to the original campaign page. only the sweatshirt specified actual fabric type - 100% cotton. the other three had descriptions but not fabric type. as others have noted, baubax changed the sweatshirt from 100% cotton to a cotton-polyester blend early in the process, due to requests from many backers. my windbreaker is listed as 100% polyester. my land's end and northface windbreakers both are made of "100% nylon." i assume this is similar to polyester. the photo of the windbreaker in update 12 looks like a good quality jacket. as for the blazer, i'm not sure i would want one based on the fabric. most of my sports coats, blazers, and suits are wool or wool blend. maybe the polyester-rayon blend will be okay. @ schedules - for those of us in the u.s., we are still at least 2 weeks away from the start of delivery - probably 3-4 weeks in reality. so, it looks like i might, but probably will not, get my jackets in time for valentine's day gifts.
@rolts: i was more meaning i was too lazy to search through all the comments(even just looking through just theirs by doing exactly that, which is another way to see when they were last online by the way) to find it as i have other stuff i'm *supposed* to be doing, but it's frustrating me so i'm taking some breaks from it.
@ owen; a quick way to check on creators postings/comments - click on the baubax logo above - on the pop-up, click on the logo again. this will open the creators profile. - here you can see their comments tab. select it to see their postings. i'd forgotten this short cut, i'd used it on another campaign for the same purpose.
@ owen: agreed, it was important enough for an update, even a mini one.
@ owen: with help from david: comment from baubax:  "@sumquodsum: the fabric for sweatshirt would be cotton-poly aug 31 2015 on the world's best travel jacket with 15 features || baubax "
that's further back than i would have gone to look. that being said, yes they did mention it(an actual comment, not update, right?) but it got buried in the thousands since then, and really should have been an update(if it wasn't, i'm really too tired right now to even look) as those are sent out to all backers in email, and even if it went to someone's junk folder, it would be a lot easier to find than searching through the thousands of comments.
@ melissa; was trying to comment using my phone ........ much easier on the laptop. didn't have enough screen real estate to edit posts with fat finger typing before posting. @ david; good pick up on the baubax comment. i was sure i'd seen something.
@rolts- your keyboard is drunk again. @david - i agree.  a metal zipper when it's cold...nope.
i think rolts would have finally broken if he had to relive the past 5 months in reverse order.
@david - well done.
rolts, save yourself the aggravation!  there was a comment on aug 30 from baubax that the sweatshirts would be cotton poly.
@rolts- i think that's a good point in regards to the material.  there may be a legitimate technical reason for the switch. i think people differ in what they think is reasonable communication.  it seems baubax did not want to post a lot of updates if they didn't have the end-game answer to each update.  but for most of us - we still would have liked the "we're working on this issue- we'll let you know when it's resolved."  but i think they're more on the ball now. also - if anyone else is able to get through hundreds of emails and answer them all on a daily basis without going a little insane - i tip my hat to you.
*shape
thorsten there is nothing wrong with plastic zippers.  they are reliable and durable.
* there may
@ owen;  i am not certain and can't verify  i think thereay have been some comments posted by backers. i thought it had to do with retention of garment shale when fully loaded. but short of wading the entire baubax campay and comments, i can't verify at the moment. if i find it i'll post.
plastic zipper? really? �
*but not bans
@ sean harrington: someone said this much earlier, but they had confused themself by posting on the update and comments bans could not see a previous posting as they were looking in the wrong section, that is looking in the comments when they had posted on the update or vice versa.
@rolts: i don't remember seeing anything of the sort...but i will also admit that i didn't really pay much attention to this campaign once i backed it. sure i was here every now and then, but it wasn't a top comment board for me.
@sean harrington: i don't believe the creators can censor comments. i have seen kickstarter remove comments but that is extremely rare and usually after a complaint. @ carol berkow; i had a feeling that sometime earlier in the campaign there was a notification about the sweatshirt changing to the poly blend, but despite going back through updates and reviewing the campaign page, i've not been able to verify such a posting has occurred.
@david... i'm sure there is a reason but it seems to me that a detail such as "the product is now 40% different from what we promised" wouldn't be overlooked in the updates.  i still would have been disappointed, but i would have appreciated an explanation when they made the decision.
babuax will have to explain themselves on the sweatshirts but they probably needed to add the polyester to give the garment enough strength if all the pockets were fully loaded.
@carol: i never even noticed that, i stopped reading after the mentioning of the defect/issue with the pen/stylus.
@david -- it appears to have impacted their shipping in december -- the plan in their update suggested they were going to ship 20k+ jackets to backers in december.  that does not appear to have happened.
man, crowdfunders are an impatient bunch. its ok baubax i'm with the patient group and thanks for your hard work (that water bottle will surely come in handy for my needs :)
the campaign does in fact state that the sweatshirts will be 100% cotton.  this is flagrant false advertising.  not being able to meet production and shipping goals is one thing, but now you're sending a different product from what we agreed on.  you've violated our contract!
if they had told people about the delays before they had passed the times they original gave us(test shipment/original estimated[this one can be reasonably left out as they did get more attention on the campaign than expected]) due to defects/issues getting the manufacturing done/etc., they would probably have had less than 1/4 of the complaints/angry comments than they have already. the majority of the comments can be related to the lack of communication.
so far the biggest disappointment is the polyester.  that's not what i signed up for.  i don't do poly-cotton blends and certainly wouldn't expect it for the price.
bad news is better than no news?  have you and i been reading the same comments?
@david: except, there was a reason as it actually would have given people a little bit of warning that there will be a delay, instead of saying nothing and just letting the questions/frustration build. bad news it better than no news.
baubax censors comments only leaving some go through.
i think you guys answered your own question - there was absolutely no reason for them to share this information with you as it does not appear to have significantly impacted production (they still sent out their 1000 trial jackets, after all), and yet you're sitting here complaining that you should have been notified sooner. what is the point of being transparent about issues backers have zero control over if they are just going to find some minor detail to focus and complain about?
@owen -- one would hope that they would have mentioned something in their dec 23rd update -- that happened almost two weeks after the failure...
so...my only question is if there was found to be a problem with the zipper/stylus back around dec 10...why are we just hearing about it? isn't that, you know, something that should have been communicated as it pertains to manufacturing/production delays? just my two cents on that.
thank you so much for posting a detailed update with pictures.  and i think i can speak for the majority of backers that we appreciate your adding additional support staff to handle inquiries as it's often the lack of communication in any relationship that causes the relationship to break down.  so thank you for taking the time to assure your backers about the status of their products as i think it restores any good will that may have been lost during the time there were no updates, especially as you are now including a little lagniappe (a little "extra") in terms of the water bottle. that was unexpected, but nice of you to do that.
that is one awesome update, now we're talking!! :)
@rolts: yeah man, i hear ya. no matter how much we tell people, they still all live in their little personal world where everything revolves around them. hk backers: of course they're not going to let you just go to their warehouse to pick up your order. but the fact that it's sitting in the warehouse in the same city means you're going to get it pretty soon - certainly sooner than most of us who are having to wait on the slow boats from china to make it to the usa, then clear through customs, then get to the warehouse to then have to go through sorting and finally shipping via ups/usps. now hopefully this latest update will shut up all you naysayers and "scam" screamers. are they coming a bit later than we had originally hoped - yes, but they are coming! this isn't a one use item, it's a jacket you'll have for years to come - and thus is useful whether you're traveling or not.
as a manufacturer ...domestic, asia, south america, central america...i totally get all that you are challenged with. now you really know about what you thought you knew. man plans and god laughs.......but i applaud you for your 'so far' success as a first time effort at this scale. the fullness of your recent update email is really great...keep it up. as for some of the fabric issues...it would be good to find a way to stick to your original commitment regarding yarn content. this is both an important performance issue as well a brand value. if you cannot it would be good to clarify/support the choice of fabric regarding its performance....washability, durability...your guarantee /support for its performance?
on the material update -- have to say i am a bit disappointed with the selection of fabrics (at least from the description). from the campaign: "supreme quality fabric: we have identified and secured the best quality fabric manufacturers who are suppliers to the world's top apparel brands." "100% cotton sweatshirt" -- is now a 60% cotton / 40% poly blend? blazer -- is a poly/rayon blend? i have to say that i've now lowered my expectations on the final product -- which, i'll admit,  may have been too high to begin with. i am also keeping my enthusiasm about baubax hitting the promised timing in check.  i don't know how they went from their september 18th "we are proud to say that we are on track to ship out the jackets by end of november and there aren’t any blind spots detected yet. " to november 30th "today we've completed 4 weeks of bulk production and based on the numbers that have come in from our factories, we have updated the delivery timelines" and "if everything goes smoothly, we'll ship out all other jackets, scheduled for december delivery, during the week of dec 21st." to january 15th -- "on december 10th, asia inspection reported some issues with the quality of the pens + stylus." i don't understand how a) "4-weeks of bulk production is complete" on november 30th, and the stylus factory has a quality control-issue 10-days later that stops delivery of the first jackets?  the story just doesn't "hang together" for me. i guess we also have to assume that in the november 30th update, they only intended on shipping non-us jackets in december?  (which wasn't stated in their update, and would have been a pretty good piece of information to disclose). i'm sorry for the ranting, and i am prepared for baubax to prove me wrong.  but based on their history, i would be shocked if they begin shipping to us backers in january.
@rolts *lol*
just kidding...i don't expect to receive my jacket sooner just because i live in hk, but it's funny to know it travels around and finally delivered to my office (from the photo in the email i think the warehouse is in the same district).
@gin; the dark side has won, i'm there.
@ to those in hong kong wanting to collect their reward; hang on, i'll duck out the back and sort through the tens of thousands of jackets to find your order, it will be easy to find because it will be the special one. http://cdn.meme.am/instances/55149387.jpg
i was really upset when there was no updates from them... this update was very late but better than never. i'm impressed that they even have qc on the stylus! who would have thought so? looking forward to the awesome jackets!
a number of queries from hongkongers... and i am one of them :p
i am gonna catch a flight to hk later. can i pick it up at your distribution centre over this weekend? you can save some $ over int'l shipping..
i am in hk and also want to pick up my jackets as well? where is the factory?
@sharon because i live in the school, they are unable to enter our building. i do not know when they will come and i will not receive the jacket.
i live in hong kong. may i pick by myself? what can i do? please let me know.
@rolts- excellent follow up meme.   @sharon-i always stop by the hamster cages in the pet store and smile.  they are quite cute.  and gerbils!  oooh! and a teacup piglet!    ...i think i need an animal farm of tiny animals.
@ sharon: teng fong has expedited his. his jacket is being text messaged to him.
@teng fong why would they need your phone number? they only need your address to deliver the jackets to u.
@jennifer u should get a ferret!!! take out the pillow and put the ferret in!!! lol
@sharon, maybe i should get a hamster/gerbil since my 10kg kitty isn't going to fit!
yeaa finally a good news! and thanks a lot for the free gift. now we have all details about delivery timeline, we just have to wait
they haven't asked for any phone number. how do they deliver to us?
lol..... we are at the final stage and shipping starts soon but there are still people asking about colours?? this comments page can really make u laugh!!!! and i like the idea of free kitty for all!!!! but prefer hamster!!! they are smaller and can fit any pocket!!! lol
@ melissa: http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/32588650.jpg
@rolts - +1111111111
instead of using national couriers/postal services, use global couriers like dhl/ups. they have good tracking and goods handling capability. they are more reliable.
my jacket is in hong kong warehouse! i live there so does it mean i'll get it within a few days? :)
so, i'm living in vietnam, will i have tracking number after they ship my awards ?
thanks for the update!
@ gin; http://www.memegasms.com/media/created/vhyfxm.jpg
rolts & co, time to get into the forts and be prepared for a deluge/zerg rush of angry commentators....
hallelujah, production is finished and a little present for each backer. let the shipping begin.
i was hoping you guys will ship to me in the us before my month long trip to hong kong/china/japan... it is ironic that my jackets are on the way to us and i am in hong kong/china ... should i go to track down the factory and steal one ??? lol j/k well, i hope my jackets will be waiting for me when i come home for my next trip :)
huzzah! wonderful update!  kittens for all!!!  (or umm... go adopt one!)
you have done the impossible and the quality report speaks volumes to how seriously you took this task. kudos to you and your team for a job well done.
totally worth the wait with an extremely detailed outline of the products and it's individual quality checks. keep up the good work can't wait to get my hands on it. excited!
thanks so much for the water bottle! you guys are great!
@melissa so true! i forgot that even after they get the jackets, some people will never be happy!
thank you for the detail update. keep it up. looking forward to receive my jackets.
the jacket will be here after cold season has ended, and definitely after my january trip. i demand a kitten in compensation
thanks for the updates
@daniel siegel it was located in the faq on the campaign page [quote] are all the jackets machine washable ?  except the blazer all the jackets are machine washable. the blazer will have to be dry cleaned [/quote]
@daniel siegel this was in the faq since july 24 2015: are all the jackets machine washable ? except the blazer all the jackets are machine washable. the blazer will have to be dry cleaned
"blazer: 70% polyester, 30% rayon. polyester lining. fabric treated with wrinkle free solution. requires professional dry cleaning." is this the first we are seeing regarding drycleaning. a bummer when you are on the road.
thanks for the pocket bottle
eargerly awaiting my jacket :) thanks for the updates @creator
finally an informative update posted guys, go check it out #update 15
finally an actual update !
please update me about my blazer. backed somewhere in sept and not received yet. has anyone received?
@ andrew scott; please go back and read the update regarding backer polling for stretch goals. the creators have done exactly as they said. it was always going to be 3 colours per style. the stretch goals allowed backers to vote to choose which colours they wanted. your comment is 1. far too late - the polling took place during the campaign. 2. ill informed - you need to read the updates your survey, in october, was taken way after the stretch goal polls of backers and you were aware of the colours when you filled in your survey.
andrew read updates 7 and 8 - final colours were decided by vote.  there were never plans to offer more than 3 colours.
could we please have another update? it took 2 years to receive an item i backed by another company and i'm hoping that won't be the case for this jacket.
@lianna sapien weekly updates == spam spam complaints.  not me, but others. less frequent updates == they never tell us anything complaints. there is no middle ground. @mollybee would you like some more examples? check out the luminoodle & coolest cooler projects.
i am very upset that baubax went back on their stretch goals to offer additional colours; if you couldn't do it, why in the world would you offer it in the first place? i made the purchasing decision based on this stretch goal.
christophe- your shipping address has been locked in.  unfortunately you will have to set up forwarding information for mars.  i don't believe usps will take care of that, but possibly ups.  be forewarned you may have to pay additional fees for universal shipping.
if we wait enough.. maybe i will be able to ask for a shipment to mars ..
mreow. purrr.
@david snow?  tee shirt,  leather vest and kilt (or cargo shorts) for snow.  we don't wear jackets until it gets cold,  or freezing rain.  the insulated pocket is to keep our kittens in.  :-)
wrong size/wrong color/wrong style, why didn't i get a blanket/ i i my received a blanket.  oooh imma need more vodka for this.
and, my mountain man- sometimes you get attacked for trying to help.  :\
@mollybee- don't worry.  once they ship- it's where is mine? that will continue for ages.  then the people that receive them - won't fit/color looks off/something is wrong. the rage will not decrease for some time.  you have plenty to watch!
@ owen; it seems if you respond to posts often enough, you get asked if you are part of the creator team. this is always from ppl new to kickstarter. because creator posts have been rare, the new backers probably haven't seen the way a creator's post gets tagged.  some backers seem to think our seasons run game of thrones style, and that if winter is almost over then it will be years before another one.
you pretty much hit the nail on the head owen.  the blazer, windbreaker and sweatshirt are universally seasonal.  the bomber seems to offer more protection but i certainly wouldn't be wearing it anywhere it gets cold enough to snow.
that should be how, not hot in the last sentence.
@lianna: no, i'm just someone who has had multiple experiences with ks campaigns, and a basic understanding of things that may come up and cause delays. and a basic knowledge of hot much time it would waste to say, every week, the same time if there is nothing new to report.
@owen do you work for them?
@jackson lim: the following winter? spring? summer when it's cool in the evening/after a storm? fall? so that you have something if you are traveling and don't know what the weather would be like? because "styles" may change every year but that doesn't mean a jacket becomes useless? just a few reasons.
i hope we don't get our products after winter because then, what is the purpose?
i will be travelling to thailand in two weeks. is there any chance i will receive my jacket on time?
please help me change my bomber to a sweater.  i have emailed you multiple times!
@lianna: weekly updates is a little much. even from the creators of other campaigns, the updates are almost never more than once a month unless there is something crucial to relay(delays/unexpected good news of it being ready earlier/changes to the product).
do they know that pissing off the backers by stonewalling is not a good business model? they can at least give us weekly updates!
as we get closer (maybe, we hope) to the date we receive our jackets, i have to say that i will really miss the always increasing outrage in the comments section. i have never seen people so mad at a 3-4 month delay in a kickstarter before.
@mona they haven't shipped them yet. they just got them all made (so thats good) but they said they will be letting us know on shipping dates in the next couple of days here.
does anyone know if the jackets are shipped yet? backed the project in early august 2015 and haven't heard back since...
@kaiserkai what about "jacketless traveling brigade"
@mr. rb - no sir.  production is finished, they are being pigeon carried/airmailed/rowed across the sea to the states, and they will begin packaging and shipping.
i approve of atomic kitten.   huzzah!
@ christophe -- of course, how dare i oversee this, it shall be included in the the next report. - need to come up with a good name -- "disposable jacket brigade" maybe? @ogmm -- i shall ponder your complaint and come up with a more appropriate nickname. please accept my sincerest apologies. it is better than "four eyes" indeed though.
has one backer received their jacket yet?
@kaiserkai: so, my new nickname is four names, and not great mountain(based on my geographical location)? guess it's better than four eyes....though that would be cool as well. >.>
@chris s: "i understand your point, but if you did 10 mil worth of fraud, and your real name, real address, and full personal information was out there as much as theirs is, i suspect you would be in the kind care of the law very shortly. relax. they have not moved to barbados with the $$$. you want to vanish? win tonights lottery. :-) 400m (ish) after tax lump sum is a much tidier sum to do it with." only for those south of the border. i can reclaim almost 90% of what is lost. unfortunately...i didn't get a ticket(4+ hour drive from the border, and i don't drive...was hoping it would carry over until my trip to vegas at the end of the month, but no such luck apparently).
ahah excellent ! you just forgot one category: those who are traveling soon and that's their only chance to use a jacket in their entire life !
day 46  affairs on planet no-bax are getting grim. the 40000 stranded here are organizing into a shadow government. here the main players : "the creator" - last seen vacationing in the land of incommunicado on the beaches of "buy more jackets" the executive branch - rolts & gin -- cco (chief complaint officers) nicknames : the regurgitators -- keeping the masses informed about goings on and keep referring to the ancient scriptures of "update 16" melissa "taser creeper" nicole / owen "great mountain" middleton -- ambassadors of goodwill nicknames "atomic kitten"/ "four names" -- supply everyone with cookies and kittens mike kopack "the creationist" -- trying to get the masses to beleive in "the creator" major factions : the "dont give a toss'ers" -- generally dont care much about the goings on. just interested in the "comments". have been seen playing with tke kittens and stealing cookies the "legion of fraud" -- fire and brimstone feelings towards "the creator" demanding a re-fund. the "please talk to me's" -- begging the creator for a sign, any sign, just really any sign will do. i myself have gone undercover waiting how things play out, cant be commited just yet. all the best my fellow 'baxers
for those that keep harping on the trial run, based on all the comments that baubax has made since update 13 the "shipments" they referred to appear to refer to shipping from the manufacturers in asia to their logistics centre in the us, and did not include forwarding on to customers after that point.
they promised an update on kickstarter for the next few days (see fb post), so we will discover very soon if they are a bunch of liar or not.
@rolts, then we'd have 7 very beet faced employees. from all that blowing.
@anon: i believe they were shipped to the assembly point, and packaged. that was the test. hopefully test phase ii is getting them to us.  imho only. your milage may vary, have a nice day. :-)
so what happen with the 2000 going to be shipped on december 12 trial run?
i suspect what might have happened was that they made a bunch of jackets and then the quality was bad so they freaked. they are doing a horrendous job with communication and really do not give a good warm/fuzzy feeling of confidence. i live in shanghai china- but i think it is actually illegal to ship stuff in these situations domestically. something about tax incentives and import/export regulations- so i think the previous comment of them shipping from the usa is accurate.
sorry we're both still poor.
@melissa: only 'cause i couldn't get it to scan to the adams family theme. ;-)
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole: not only yes, but hell yes. #kittenpocket #didn'twineither
support@baubax.com
what's the email for the baubax company? trying to find one but can't seem to locate it anyway
in case you were wondering, i did not win the lottery. also- should i post on their facebook page "a few backers are concerned about the size of kitten pocket..."
oh heavens...  now we're singing gospel songs about the shipments...
@pangmz: i think the delivery logistics may be us based, so all product in that case will be sent to the us for sorting, then distribution. being close to the manufacturers won't help in this case.  disclaimer: this is not an official baubax comment, it's supposition.
i dong't need the transport.i'm just in shanghai,china.
*lol* just thinking positive....
waiting for that moment to quote professor hubert farnsworth.
**singing** baubax row the boat a shore, hallelujah!  our jackets will finally be missing no more, hallelujah!  (sorry, couldn't resist)
@ gin; hope they inflated all of the pillows for added buoyancy.
@david, rowing a boat with a towing shipment of jackets.... gg. *laughed*
@ chris: thanks for upvote. :-) @ daniel; if my recall is correct, baubax was going to airship from china to the us in an attempt to speed up the process.
@dennis while you are looking at various forwarding methods, you can send an email to baubax.  @greer gavin since rowing a boat from china while towing a large shipment of jackets takes time, and then there is customs. so if you expect your jacket to arrive at the end of march, you will be pleasantly surprised when it arrives earlier.
from facebook.... ----- moi: looking forward to additional and more detailed communication. also, i would urge you to review the kickstarter comment section. user rolts is one of many backers who have been attempting to "hold down the fort" in your absence. your honoring his kind work on your behalf would be good. world's best travel jacket - baubax thank you for the feedback chris! very good of you to bring this to our attention. ------ it's a vague reply, but at least it's a reply. they did indicate that we should expect a message shortly (tomorrow?)...  hopefully they are hearing us.
seriously - this is taking too long... was planning a trip in feb - hence was looking forward to receiving the jacket in december - we are now in january and no new from baubax or kickstarter on when the jacket is going to reach me... an update would be appreciated. will i get the travel jacket in time to travel ?
i recall from an update that there would be a shipment in december. can backers comment to confirm that they received their jacket? perhaps even january? i also receive an email asking to confirm shipping address. no shipping confirmation or tracking though. looking for some communication or info about the status.
alternatively, for the conspiracy minded; someone has hacked the baubax fb page, and is trying to get both our jackets and the money by impersonating customer service.  (humor!)
@dennis: it really depends on the shipping method they use.  uf usps, talk to your local postmaster. you likely have options. if ups, they have a site (https://www.ups.com/content/us/en/register/reasons/myups.html) that will allow you to intercept mis-shipped items, etc. most shipping companies have similar options.  it may require some legwork on your part, but you should have no problem gettting your toys once you have that all important tracking #.  hope this helps!
@greer - shipping and receiving are two different things.  from what i can tell- production is finally done.  the items are now being sent to their packaging facility where they will begin organizing the orders and shipping in batches.  if they begin shipping in january, some people may receive theirs.  but shipping delays, customs, etc will occur and are out of their control.
@dennis- unfortunately addresses are now locked in.  they sent out an email a little over a week ago for final confirmation.  i would look into forwarding options, etc.
so "all sweatshirts shipping in january" means we are going to get them by end of january or in february?
my lease ends in january, so i need to change my delivery address (wouldn't have been a problem if delivery was on time) - any ideas on how to get this done?
note: they actually seem to be answering on facebook. from a recent post.... _______ world's best travel jacket - baubax hi tiffany. thank you for the feedback. we completely understand. our communication plan includes other social outlets, email, kickstarter updates (one being sent out in the next day), on indiegogo, and through our customer service. we will do better! ______ hopefully.......
@owen "great mountain" middleton  > @chris s: in regards to you saying " 9-10 mil is a lot of money, but not enough to > make yourself unemployable", give me that sum, and i will prove you wrong. ;) i understand your point, but if you did 10 mil worth of fraud, and your real name, real address, and full personal information was out there as much as theirs is, i suspect you would be in the kind care of the law very shortly.  relax. they have not moved to barbados with the $$$. you want to vanish?  win tonights lottery. :-) 400m (ish) after tax lump sum is a much tidier sum to do it with.
when will the next update on orders come out?
@owen not a problem, props to the memory, too, haha. glad to help out a fellow backer.
i sent an email to them last year on dec. they just replied to me couple weeks ago. here's the email; hi andrew, happy new year! thank you for writing to us. our team is consolidating the recently updated shipping addresses and will plan the shipping activities accordingly. we will provide the shipping details and a tracking number once your order has been shipped. wishing you a great day ahead ! team baubax
@john: knew i saw it somewhere, and i did get most of it right. thanks for posting that.
@owen, toward the bottom of the campaign page you can find this little gem: "exchange policy: if you follow the sizing chart carefully, then the jackets shall fit you just fine. still, if you wish to exchange your jacket for any reason, we will allow you to do that, but you’ll have to pay for the two way shipping. as we are just starting up and offering our jackets at highly discounted prices on kickstarter, we won’t be able to accept returns."
they just posted that update on facebook just today.
i am not exactly sure what sort of support people would be expecting.  30 day return policies seem to be standard for the industry.  i am not sure if clothing even gets recalled unless there is a health or safety issue.
@sean: if they hold true to their word, can't remember when the update/comment was but it was a while ago, they said *if* there are any issues after you receive it(sizing mostly) then you just send it back(after paying postage both ways) and they will send you one that *should* fit instead.
you know there is no guarantee the jackets will be right without problems when they arrive.  based on their poor communication skills what makes anyone think they will be even worse in providing good customer support after the jackets ship if they do. this is a badly mangled company and that won't change with delivery.
i understand that delays often happen with projects of this sort.  however, i invested with the intention of using the jackets i ordered for a long trip that starts at the beginning of march.  my thought was that even if there was a short delay from the november ship dates that were originally advertised i would still have the jackets in plenty of time.  while it is still possible that my jackets will reach me before i leave the country, each day that passes makes that less likely.  i also live in alaska, where packages can take weeks to reach their destination from the rest of the country or international destinations, which is not helping my comfort level any. i was very excited to receive an email on 12/31/15 letting me know i had 48 hours to make any changes to my shipping address.  i assumed that this meant my jackets would be shipping very soon.  two weeks later and i've heard nothing else.  i'm starting to think i'm going to have to take something other than the baubax jackets i ordered specially for this trip with me come march...
if you actually want to have a semi-realtime chat with someone from baubax someone actually seems to be responding to replies to that facebook post.
@tiffany: as far as i gather, it's the same sort of concept as kickstarter where you are helping them bring a product to life. but i agree, even if it is just a copy and paste from their fb post(even with it saying so in that post...) they need to update us. personally, i'm going to give them till the end of the day is when they should update us(not sure when that fb one was posted, but if it was today, they should communicate with us today). i also refuse to follow them on fb.
so they did another crowdfunding on indiegogo in september?  or is that the same as kickstarter?  i have funded quite a few projects with kickstarted and i don't mind the delay (not ideal but things happen) what bothers me and i think most of the complaints here are the lack of response and updates.  every project i have funded has sent multiple updates, to the point of being overly sharing and annoying.  i guess we will see and thank you irene for posting the fb post.  they should copy and paste it and send out an update to the backers since not all of us follow them on fb (until now)
this is posted from baubax facebook account. hello baubax fb friends. first and foremost, thank you so much for your support and patience as we have been working non-stop these past months to develop, produce and get these jackets ready to go! in our wildest dreams, we could not have anticipated the amazing volume of interest we've received – it has quite literally overwhelmed us. our priority and focus has been to get the jackets produced and that process has taken time. as a small team we have not able to get back to each of you... until now. we apologize we have not been communicative enough. we hear you and are on track to improve our communication with you here on fb, twitter, through your email inquiries as well as on kickstarter and indiegogo. we know the big question is, “when will i get my jacket?”  we are excited to announce that production is complete and the jackets will be sent to us very soon... so we can get them to you!  an exact date? we don’t have that yet but will have another update for you in the next few days with more information.  stay tuned!
any updates as to when shipping will start? i understand that this is not an established retail environment. i will however comment on the extremely poor communication. it's actually quite pathetic. i've backed a few other kickstarter campaigns. the most notable ones were the ones where there were regular updates. one of the campaigns that i backed was similar in size, but they updated at least in a weekly basis. the last update from baubax was a little cheeky in my opinion. offering backers a discount on another project, when they haven't even fulfilled the current one. how about letting everyone know what the status is on a regular basis and then there would be less anger. i for one will not back baubax projects again even if the end product on this one is good
no anon, they are responding to e-mails.
so, it appears that: 1. not one person has gotten a jacket yet. 2. we have all been charged. 3. the company has gone completely mia. this looks like a recipe for some major fuckery!
@mark - we all parted with $$$ dude, some parting with more than others. i bought 2. do you see me freaking out? i have other jackets to wear. it's not like the jackets become useless once this winter is over!   everyone just wants wants wants and doesn't consider what the reality of the situation is. way way too many people are acting as though they ordered a jacket from an established company that had them sitting on a shelf ready to be shipped.   this is the reality of kickstarter. if you can't deal with the uncertainty of the project delivery, don't back them and stop doing kickstarter....
@chris s: in regards to you saying " 9-10 mil is a lot of money, but not enough to make yourself unemployable", give me that sum, and i will prove you wrong. ;)
no one was charged until the project was successfully funded in september 2015.
regardless of whether there have been delays, changeable plans, stuff happening, etc, considering i - and many of the other backers - parted with our cash in july 2015. a full six months have now passed and the lack of communication from baubax is disturbing. if there was a quality control issue, i would have expected to be informed as it would certainly make the lengthy wait more acceptable. it would be great to know if anyone has received their jackets yet - again, it would give those backers who haven't a bit of peace of mind. if i'm honest, if there's no communication from the backers within the next month, i for one will explore what options there are for getting my money back. it doesn't take long to give us some crumbs of information so, whilst i'm sure they are working hard, the priority is still the customers.
people, status updates with projected delivery timelines are not promises!!!!  stop being so self centered/absorbed. they made no such promise to you or anyone else. they shared their plan. plans change!!! stuff happens. for all we know, there was a qc issue with some % of the jackets, or a problem with the way they ship them, or an issue with customs, or any number of other unexpected delays. would it be nice if they shared that info with us? sure.   but that doesn't mean they have to come here every week and post an update. they're busy trying to resolve whatever issue there is and trying to get the jackets made and shipped to us, while also trying to turn this into a sustainable long-term product/company, not just a 1-off production run to fulfill pledges and then close up shop. they are literally making zero profit on this venture, and probably going farther into the hole with every passing day because they have to cover their longer term costs... chill out and be patient!!!!  it's just a dang jacket after all!!!
@nick: trying to spread wisdom? good luck with that. **passes virtual drink of choice** ;-)
i do love reading this comments, it's so illuminating to see the number of people who demand everything but can't do something as simple as read the updates "i was promised november and it has not arrived, where is it?! tell me or i'll go to social media!" haha, read the updates! oh and all the people here who are talking about how many people are obviously outraged by the time and how they don't bother responding to their customers, well here's a little perspective. there are currently 4,793 comments on here, there's a lot of people posting multiple times, let's be conservative and say only 4000 people have commented on here, that's less than 9% of all the backers, let's assume that not even all of those comments are negative ones, probably a lot of them from the beginning saying how much they're looking forward to it. conservatively, only about 6% of all the backers have made a complaint, that's a pretty tiny amount, why should they bother wasting their time on a measly 6% when the other 94% are happy to sit back and wait because they bothered to read the updates, the comments and used a bit of common sense and realised it's a kickstarter project and they don't usually go according to plan! ok, had my rant, not that it'll do much use as the real complainers don't even bother to take a few seconds to read anything posted here including the updates, they just expect it to be spoon fed to them!
has anyone gotten their jackets yet?
my jacket was promised to me by november 2015. it is now january 13th 2016. a simple question: when realistically will i receive it. i expect an answer. i do not wish to complain about this on facebook but i will unless i receive an honest answer.
well, i'm not crying over somethings, i certainly can wait. but could baubax team be more reactive? the communication is certainly very bad on their part. i just want my voice heard, so hopefully they're hearing this. i never comment on something that is tolerable, but consider more than a month late with minimal update very bad for me.
hi ! no news for the shipment. will you really send the blazers soon? i despair :(
can you show the details of the shipment. we were promise everything will be ship to all the kickstarter backers in january. i need you to keep your promise, you give your word.
@rolts: amen:  @sean harrington: actually, they have invested a lot of money.profits come after the product has shipped. unless you believe this is 100% fraud, which given the public nature of the product and backers, seems unlikely.  9-10 mil is a lot of money, but not enough to make yourself unemployable.
it's pretty clear that these are not warm and fuzzy people. they could care less about what anyone thinks of them. they made a ton of cash and that is what motivates them.
@ all backers; the following is from another kickstarter project and may have some relevance here:- “ah, the airbus a380. we also considered it during our decision making process. at the time, it was a fiasco, some even called it a scandal. customers were bailing, etc. funny how quickly that is lost to history. this has been a very enlightening journey, we've really had to accept that although their will be complaints and accusations in the short run, in the grand scheme of things, everyone will remember how good the product is. not when it arrived. likewise, we appreciate all of the patience and faith you've (all) put in us, and we'll let the end result do the real talking. :)”
@sharon i'm thinking @bowen is a troll, until proven otherwise. hoping they prove me wrong, but not holding breath.
i'm expecting three month of delays. there's a considerable amount of material costs and workers pay and if you wanted workers to have a fair amount of pay you would have to consider adding another hundred dollars to your pledge. the project has gone far beyond than what baubax's team had expected and so they had to expand their work forces just to try to get everything done faster. they're new and they're probably pushing workers towards practical boundaries. for each day that passes, that pledge amount wouldn't seem be enough for labors cost and so they'll have to come up with that money later with future sells; especially if they're on contract. the worst you can do for them is to not recommend their products.
@bowen was that for real? or another joke?
@bowen you wouldn't kid about that, would you?
excited! finally got shipping information from usps!
hi baubax - would you be able to address the following: can you provide us with a status on the shipments made to your backers? what is the estimated amount that were shipped in december? what will be the estimated shipments be in january? are there further delays? sincerely, an excited customer patiently awaiting a new jacket
@tan: thanks! good to hear you got a reply... doesn't even look too canned. :-)
@mike, so according to your logic, if people starts spreading unsubstantiated rumors about you, your family, and your business with no evidence, you wouldn't take jays advice and talk to your customers, but instead, you would ignore them because they are "trying to manage a business trying to make something like 80,000 products across something like 80 different skus with international manufacturers from 10 factories" ok, got it.
the scheduled was supposed to be 30 november 2015, then got delayed to december 2015 for test delivery, and january 2016 for all the rest of the jackets. however, it would be good for us to at least know what happened to the december 2015 shipment? any issues going on? give us some common sense explanation, and give us some update at least, and what you are going to do next. to know the challenge will explain why the delay, rather than complete silent. it's very much appreciated if baubax can share something about it.
@rolts - thanks. yeah there were no cancel pledge options. i dropped them a message but they have yet to respond.
@jay, that's great... but you aren't running the campaign and trying to manage a business trying to make something like 80,000 products across something like 80 different skus with international manufacturers from 10 factories...   when you do, you're welcome to communicate however you feel like it... i get that people would like more comms. so would i. but there's no reason to be such jerks to them about it!
@rolts, i went for the blue, as i have too much black jackets and i thought that blue was a nicer fit for their bombers. im glad i went with blue after their initial pics of the black bomber. @sharon, yup. somewhere around there. haha.
@mike kopack: i would communicate with the people... that's how business works. you talk to your customers instead of ignoring them. before the ks campaign ended they were very succesful sending me almost weekly emails begging for more orders, to promote baubax to friends etc, to reach the goal bla bla... but after they got their money seems they couldn't find their email program back.
based on what tan posted(roughly 3 hours ago): tan about 3 hours ago hi everyone,  i managed to have someone from baubax :  hi tan. right now shipping dates are pending the items leaving our warehouse overseas. we expect to start shipping end of month but are hesitant to provide a date as we still have to clear customs and would hate to run into any snags and not be able to deliver by a particular date. rest assured we are working feverishly to get you (our backer - thank you!) the jacket. as well, we will be sending an update to our backers very soon via email, fb, and our website. i hope this helps i wonder what their definition of soon is? based on how long it takes from them saying something like that and them giving an update....it could be a few weeks still until we hear anything.
*than
i would rather wait longer for a better product then get sent crap on time. it is not like i don't already own a jacket
ok, people, seriously, stop with the "this is a scam. they ran off without money" talk. you have zero proof that's the case. give them a break and stop making a forest fire out of a little delay. could they be better with communications, sure. but they does not give any of us the right to go calling them names and claiming fraud without any proof of it. how would you like it if you were trying to start a new business and people started spreading unsubstantiated rumors about you, your family, and your business with no evidence???
waiting....please communicate why so long....
thumbs up !!! for jay ronken totally agree of your every single word.
"we are not only backers, but we are customers" wrong... you are not customer, your are sponsors for a nice lifestyle of the founders...
running with our millions... no even a "thank you for your money and goodbye" from their holiday island. delays are acceptable, the non-communicating and lies around a final shipping date not. with the money they got they could have 1) hired a communications agency or at least some staff more intelligent than the ones they have now 2) speed up production 3) drop ship from china.. at least the (seemingly non-existing) test shipment from december which was presumably send by the slowest carrier in the world as no one has received anything. my trust in this company is totally lost... i will not recommend their jacket nor their management.
@david: yes, i know. but strictly speaking, the way they worded it doesn't make it sound like they included ks. therefore, my statement stands.
strictly speaking owen, kickstarter updates are e-mailed out to all backers.
@lawson: normally you will get an email with tracking information when they start the shipping(this doesn't mean it's out of the warehouse, just that your bundle is ready to go). @tan: that last line "as well, we will be sending an update to our backers very soon via email, fb, and our website" to me sounds like they will be leaving the ks backers out of the update....
hi everyone, i managed to have someone from baubax : hi tan. right now shipping dates are pending the items leaving our warehouse overseas. we expect to start shipping end of month but are hesitant to provide a date as we still have to clear customs and would hate to run into any snags and not be able to deliver by a particular date. rest assured we are working feverishly to get you (our backer - thank you!) the jacket. as well, we will be sending an update to our backers very soon via email, fb, and our website. i hope this helps
just curious. do they notify you when they send out your jacket? i got no idea if my bomber is in the dec or jan batch.
hopefully the blazer i got is top quality...i think that is the only thing that will make me happy with this campaign at this point...just wish they would actually let us know directly about delays and such so we don't have to do our own investigative reporting to each other. =/
@gin u flying to aussie? where u going for winter? @rolts bomber looks nice but i won't have much chance to use it as there is no winter here..... i got a windbreaker. and hope u recover soon to enjoy ur baubax when it arrive!!!
i am looking forward to wearing the jacket when it receive it this summer.  will keep me nice and warm.
last email i got was jan1 it was 	 time to get excited: baubax llc is one step closer to sending out rewards for backing the world's best travel jacket with 15 features || baubax. here’s the address you had in your survey response:
@ m.a.; thanks, its right on schedule, 12 weeks post surgery, walking 6km and riding a bike 30kms at a time. bonus; new titanium and stainless steel hip doesn't set off airport security, tested it last week. :-)
@rolts i hope your recovery stage goes fine. wishing you a quick recovery.
@ joanne; i don't think there is an avenue for you to cancel your pledge. another tech project i've backed has facilitated the selling of pledges to other backers, but that happened before survey and via a forum acknowledged and accepted by the creators. this is not the case here. under the kickstarter t&cs, i don't see any way to cancel your pledge.
does anyone know if i can still cancel my pledge? thanks.
@ chris s; hope melissa sees your post. :-)
@ chris s; ditto on the thanks and the jacket choice.
@ m.a.  thanks for that. it's just at the moment i've had time to regularly look and respond to posts, as i've been recovering / rehabilitating post surgery. none of my other backed projects have received this degree of attention from me. this just coincided with my recovery phase. agreed their communication has let them down. a regular update or mini updates would have calmed backers.
@m. a. : amen on share of profits for @rolts.  thanks for the calm vibes.
@rolts baubax should grant you a cut of the profits/future commissions for helping them with the comms on the comments section, a job which they should be doing.
@ alex loi; don't know alex, i've no more information on this than any other backer. i was hoping the december shipping test mentioned in update 13 might have given us more info. but, no-one is reporting receiving anything yet. so .... waiting, waiting. hopefully jackets from the initial mail out will start to turn up soon.
@rolts: likewise black bomber. :-) great minds think alike.
just to help people get a bit more zen: a kitten in a jacket.  https://thingd-media-ec2.thefancy.com/default/151504980786813235_e7ba09cffaae.jpg also hoping we get some good news soon....
@rolts ,delay and delay... what is the problem now?
@ gin; out of interest, what style did you order? i went black bomber. thought this would be good for when we travel to scotland, we usually travel in the scottish autumn. last time we left, it was minus 5 degrees c when we left. don't think i would be using it on our trips into s.e. asia.
@ gin; agreed, the communication has really let the project down. delays are not unexpected, lack of explanation is just not good enough on a project of this size, especially with all of the new backers. hopefully you won't need to get your jacket forwarded. @ alex loi; unfortunately no other updates at the moment. i just hope the next update is not one that tells us of another delay due to chinese new year holiday at the chinese production plants and logistics groups.
@rolts , any update the status now? i have receive confirm your shipping address‏. after this email i can't get any update..
@rolts, not sure who that is, but she does have valid points other than that shes shouting scam scam scam. and frankly speaking, i believe that it has already damaged when they stopped posting timely replies nor comments after the success of their campaign.  and yeah, im coming down soon for winter. haha.
some contact would be nice please...
@ gin: re the facepalm post (https://www.facebook.com/baubax/posts/984729468271965…) i think it's the same backer who has 'lost it' on comments under the latest update. a decent update from baubax is needed, as the number of discontented backers starting to damage the baubax brand is growing. @ brandt; those of us in the southern hemisphere know "winter is coming.'
i'd really like to get my jacket before winter is over
my patients with baubax is growing thin. since their last 30th nov update last year they have not come out and say anything about their progress. as others have mentioned, they promised to ship 22k items during the month of december. im sure someone should of gotten something by now, but there doesnt seem to have any news of anyone actually receiving their jackets. at least keep us in the loop, any news is better than radio silence.
https://www.facebook.com/baubax/posts/984729468271965… lulz what is this.
the time spent to reply the massive amount of emails backers have sent could be use fruitfully in producing the jackets, so stop asking.
@linda: you backed creation of a new company. you did not order a jacket. you are receiving a reward of a jacket as a thank you for backing the company.   delayed development and delivery of rewards for backers is pretty much the norm. you didn't buy something that already existed from an established company where they just had to pull it off a shelf. rather, you gave money to fund a startup, they took that money and used it to establish relationships with textile manufacturers and distributors, and to buy initial fabric inventory. in exchange for that, they're going to send you your reward, but they have to actually make, check them through qa, and get the stocked and then distributed. it's a daunting task for a new company. give them a break and give them another month or two to get it done right.
is there any word on when the product will be shipped? on the bright side, it's probably too hot to wear in australia now, but hopefully it will be delivered before southern winter.
i find it contradicting that baubax has time to do interview and explain themselves regarding the delay but is not willing to update their first hand backer on kickstarter. the ceo said they have a team specially for communicating, but i don't see them updating us on the status of the jackets aside from a monthly update where the dec update was not even consider an update. and what happen to trial delivery which was suppose to be delivered last month? it is disappointing to see how baubax disregard us backers. future product of baubax? maybe not, after going through all these bad communication, don't think i would want to go through it again. this will be my first and my last baubax product.
i got a reply from baubax by emailing them directly asking about a shipping update. this was there reply:  thank you for writing to us. our team is consolidating the recently updated shipping addresses and will plan the shipping activities accordingly. we will provide the shipping details and a tracking number once your order has been shipped.
you must concede, baubax, it has been a very, very long time since jacket orders have been placed, and still no deliveries.  now you risk ardent backers losing faith.  you absolutely must deliver, even if the first shipment has to be cut and assembled here in the u.s -- at least you would have satisfied customers.  now you have unhappy naysayers.  after a certain point, each day you don't deliver, any positive perception of your enterprise diminishes.  there is still room for redemption of your reputation.  it's not just what you say -- but doing what you say you're going to do -- that wins the day.
better, or any, communication from baubax is all that is required (actually required under ks terms) and expected in order to waylay everyones fears and anxiety. i find it pretty irresponsible of them and disrespectful of all the people that provided them with millions of dollars.
with an almost 2 months delay of delivery... a free blanket or some reimbursement would be fai9r
when will my jacket schedules for january be shipped. i am hoping i can wear the jacket this winter.
yup that's it, i demand something free for your lack of professionalism baubax. i award you no points and may god have mercy on your soul
you really, really, really, really suck at communication baubax.  if this isn't fraud, and i'm leaning in that direction more and more with every passing day without an update, you should be ashamed of how really awful your pr is.  i'm assuming nothing of value, whatsoever, was learned at kellogg, which is a sad testament to them.
@kaiserkai lol!!!! planet no-bax!!! nice name!!!!
hi everyone, i managed to have someone from baubax : hi tan.  right now shipping dates are pending the items leaving our warehouse overseas. we expect to start shipping end of month but are hesitant to provide a date as we still have to clear customs and would hate to run into any snags and not be able to deliver by a particular date. rest assured we are working feverishly to get you (our backer - thank you!) the jacket. as well, we will be sending an update to our backers very soon via email, fb, and our website. i hope this helps
update #21: please refer to update #20
any news?
could we get an update?
would like an update please..my wife is still waiting patiently for her christmas gift...lol
still waiting, like everybody else... we are not only backers, but we are customers... at least an update or a personal contact from you guys would help...
would definitely appreciate an update at this point. i'm not in a rush compared to some other folks on here who are (justifiably) upset about the time frame. new details, maybe a photo or two would put a lot of people at ease.
i can't believe there's still no update since the last uninformative holiday update. hello, baubax, an update would be nice? let us know if there's any problem with the jackets or problem with deliveries. just give us an update, damn it.
took the money and ran! first time i've been had on kickstarter. but yes, i think i will surely preorder more...
maybe they could send s new update? still haven't received mine.
@kaiser matt damon's [the martian] remake? haha!
day 42 on planet no-bax, i still have not been able to make contact with the outside world. on day 23 i thought i had established radio contact, but it proved to be a recorded broadcast. i am doing well though, and will continue to survive in this inhospitable environment.
@ christian alexander: no-one here can offer anything other than a guess. the responses posted here are made by backers. you could try support@baubax.com but i doubt you will receive any useful information as they are receiving a huge number of emails asking the same thing, or requesting delivery address changes etc.
have you shipped???
@david....b/c the only response i go back from them via email was to "wing it." i have sent them 3-4 emails pertaining to different aspects of the project and that is the only one i had heard back from them about.
lack of consideration to me is more important than lack of consideration. these makers seem to lack consideration.
if you know how to measure yourself why did you say you had to "wing it" in your previous post?
@david, i know it's not a custom fitted project. after living overseas, i experienced the euro and asian fit that had the same size measurements, still didn't fit how they usually do and were a little tight in the shoulders and length of the back. just from personal experience, that is why i mentioned it. i know how to measure myself lol that is common sense.
jamie, the jacket sizes listed are very typical for clothing.  go to any site on the internet that sells clothing and look at the sizing charts and you are going to see them tell you to make the same 3-4 measurements, with the same values at each standard size. you were not being custom fitted for a suit or dress and did not need to take a dozen different measurements.  if you measured properly the jacket will fit, whether or not it is cut to a style you like is another matter entirely.
as of the last update, they should be delivering anytime from december 2015-late january 2016. does the delivery delay suck, of course. but hey, it happens. i have said it so many times before. the main thing that gets under my skin with project outcomes such as this, their pr is an atrocity. like keith had stated below, it only takes a few minutes every week, every other week to sit down and provide an update. besides the fear of getting a winter/fall jacket in the summer lol, the main issue i have is my expectation of their being issues with sizes. we were asked to "wing it" with measuring ourselves. baubax posted pictures up of their associates being measured and their products being tailored to said associates. i am 6'-6'1" and hope they used people of diversified heights and sizes to minimize the size issues for the customers. i really hope i do not receive a "belly shirt", jacket in the mail after waiting so long.
last time i got this kind of communication, it was from an indiegogo project, a smartwatch (2-3 years ago). we waited for one year and finally received a crap object that i hasn't be able to use so far.. but it wasn't a 9m project and i guess less mistakes can be done by producing jackets.. so i keep hope for it.
i'm in total agreement with keith s.  weekly/bi-weekly communication is a reasonable request for the customers who provided support and funding which made this project possible. delivery delays are understandable...ignoring customers' requests for information is not.  please update on a regular basis. thank you.
please give us an update!!
the fact that the jackets are delayed doesn't bother me.  delays are to be expected with ks - and even more so when a project gets this big. the thing that does bother me is the lack of communication. we know this company knows how to communicate... they put together a successful campaign.   there is no reason why someone couldn't sit down for 5 minutes a week and write a short update.  its inclusive, informative and respectful given this is a crowd funded project. the lack of communication is disappointing and i hope it is not a reflection of the integrity of the company. 5 mins a week for 9 million dollars worth of business.
@chris s. since we got nothing else to do while waiting for all our jackets, might as well have some fun with melissa's kitten...... @melissa get leo to chew off gin's hand!!!! before he start typing that he got his jacket and start a war here!!! @armando no, none of us got our jackets yet. if u ever read any comment that we got it, it was all silly jokes to entertain ourselves while waiting. update #20 oops!!!! we have sewn the bomber sleeves to the windbreaker and the sweatshirt sleeve to the blazer. now we need more time to redo all 80,000 jackets!!!! (i am not from baubax) read at ur own risk.
leonidas appreciates your comments.  i told him while he was trying to chew off my hand.
has anyone received their jacket?
this little cute kitty is bringing a lot of peace over here, should become the new baubax logo
update #19. oh you've got your jackets that we have yet to delivet?how dare those pirates. support @mel the taser's leo, and geteven more of our jackets,now with kitty pouches atthe back to offset all your heavyweights in front btw, mel, ur cats lovely pps: where the heck is my jacketlol
no one reads the comments, i think you guys are safe.
update 18: we are preparing a new gift card for chinese new year. don't forget our awesome discount, but more jacket please! (i'm also not affiliated with baubax, just in case)
you are probably right bruce.  i am of course in no way affiliated with baubax, and just a frustrated customer making light of the situation.
sorry, that's kaiserkai.
@ kaiserkel - be careful. use full disclosure about who you are. we have some people who come here and may think your "updates" are real. but they are funny, especially #17.
update 17 : we are still in our vacation home in hawaii, but feel free to order more jackets.
i've decided what this list needs is more kitten stories. thanks @sharon, carry on. :-)
yes panggil, many of us did, as you can see if you scroll back far enough in the comments.
i got this email on 1st january 2016.   "last chance to confirm your shipping address. time to get excited: baubax llc is one step closer to sending out rewards for backing the world's best travel jacket with 15 features || baubax." any of you received the same?
@melissa i just saw gin running away with leo!!!! leo is fighting with gin now trying to get free!!!!
hahaha...thanks guys. :)
update 16: @melissa, kitty is soooo cute!!!! please buy more jacket
@melissa leo look so cute!!!
@ melissa: leo has a mighty stern look in the top photo. did you read some of gin's comments to him?
@rolts- i know.  (i.e.- caps lock!).  *sigh* it is nice when people start receiving them, because you know it's just a matter of your number being called.  but people will ever be happy. kitten is getting too big for kitten pocket.  may need to be tucked into hoodie.  this is leonidas as baby and kitten- https://www.dropbox.com/sc/fi4u1lyoxkek1k4/aaaopgcpn-tzc0qvsz8pf0uba
@ christophe brun; i see that none of your backed projects have delivered yet. commiserations. i've had to wait around 4 to 6 months on average for the projects i've backed. it has been worth the wait in each case.
@ melissa: didn't need any to be delivered to start those comments.
@ dharma poudel; none of the backers comment here have an answer for you. we are also waiting, but with caps lock turned off.
where is my jacket ?????????????
*sigh* you know what's going to happen as soon as people start receiving their jackets... "where's mine?!?"
@reinaldo- it was never promised.  it was estimated before they started the project.  they did not expect this volume.
update 15: hello backers ! we love you so much, so please order more jackets please ! see ya soon or not so soon.
baubax? nobax more like. amirite?
@ jeanne - about the reasons for the delay - many of us have our opinions. if you will read the articles from the links in melissa's post two below yours, and also look at updates 12 and 13, you will have as much "official" information as anyone else.
no reinaldo, there is not.  not until someone offers conclusive proof that the rewards will not be provided.
is there a way for one to ask for their money back since they have not delivered as promised?
same boat...no jacket yet.  ordered this for my daughter in august, and was led to believe it would arrive in november.  got two emails for address verification....one in late november and the other just last week.  daughter is heading back to mx next week, and still no jacket.  has there been any official status or explanation for the delay in shipping?
so many things at play here. i agree that no can expect personalized email replies and delivery dates, simply not feasible with the magnitude of this task. but i also agree that the lack of communication is an insulting slap in the face of all backers. i personally don't think its a scam, they have some some production pictures etc, that make me trust in them to work on it, but i don't blame others for not believing in this anymore. i don't think we will see any delivery within the next 4-6 weeks, but that's just my personal opinion. comparing this campaign to others i have backed, ravean in particular, it is simply run in an amateurish way that instills no confidence in the creator. i will get my jacket when i get it, but i will never again deal with this company afterwards, not matter how good the end product turns out.
for more information regarding this campaign- please read:   http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427 &  http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/ct-baubax-kickstarter-delays-bsi-20151229-story.html
has anyone received any item at all? i can't seem to find a single review about any of the products... i have no idea when i'm getting my jacket. you kinda expect delays from kickstarter projects, but at least let me know when is it delayed until:( communication assures us that this project is still moving forward, and not some fly-by-night scam... it would also allow those of us who intended them as gifts to know if the jacket is coming on time, or whether we should think of something else. i can't afford another $150 gift:(
sigh. to everyone demanding to know "where's my order, is this a scam?"  your order may or may not be in an envelope or package that is sealed and either sitting in a warehouse (baubax, or delivery service's), or on a transportation vehicle (plane, ship, whatever), or trying to look safe and clear the customs (unlikely, but who knows?) . so chill and wait. and ifyou cant wait, i dont know. wait some more anyway.
i have not receive my order too!!!!!
this is seeming more and more like a scam!  where is my product? why did you over promise things you cannot deliver on time. this is no way to start a business.
i really don't get why you all seem to expect personalized responses to your queries about delivery date for your jackets... do you honestly think you're the only person who is bugging the hell out of them about it??? of course they're going to give a canned response. come on people.. stop being so self absorbed. they're trying to get production finished and shipping started. they last thing they're going to do is answer 100,000 emails bitching "where's my jacket."   case in point - kathleen here sending three messages.. why??? if they didn't answer the first 1 why did you expect the next 2 to go better? seriously people, chill out and stop bugging the hell out of them! let them get the work done so they can start shipping!
this is the reply i received after i had emailed them 3 times. just received this now and by the way i could tell they hadn't even read my emails as they referred to me as km, the first two letters in my email address. happy new year! thank you for writing to us. our team is consolidating the recently updated shipping addresses and will plan the shipping activities accordingly. we will provide the shipping details and a tracking number once your order has been shipped. wishing you a great day ahead ! team baubax
@jenny a roo: it would have been an email that went to your email associated with the kickstarter account you backed this with. be sure to check all the folders. as for anyone receiving it yet, not that i have seen. but based on the confirmation of shipping address email, that means they *should* start shipping within the next few weeks.
has anyone received their order yet? also, i heard talk of confirming shipping addresses and i haven't received that. did everyone get an update?  thanks.
@pamela: as another canadian, i've had packages take less than a week to clear customs too. so it could really be anywhere from now to the end of time that it clears and gets to people(which allows for delays/early arrival :p)
@pamela - zactly.  once the parcels are out of their facilities- it's hard to judge what can happen.  customs and all that business.
all we can ask for are shipping dates. it is unrealistic to ask for delivery dates as there is no way for them to have any clue as to how long a package might sit waiting for customs to clear it. as a canadian ordering things from the united states i've had parcels take anywhere from 2 weeks to 6 weeks to get to me.
hi creeper!
seeing as they have sent out an email request for delivery address confirmation. we can hope that they will start to ship out this month.  however- some orders may take another month or two to ship, depending on size of order and location.
will we ever get our jackets? would be nice to get a more updated and realistic delivery date estimation!
where is my order !?!
i understand the delay, but honestly, i'm worried i won't receive this until like 3 months.
is there any way to track if my jacket has been sent? i was hoping to receive it by mid jan. thank you.
@ ken; are you being northern hemispherist? ;-) on behalf of the backers from south of the equator, we should be able to give you a review so that when you get to wear your's, you will know to layer or not.
when i first backed this project in august, i was hoping to get them by christmas and i could ware my blazer and sweatshirt , now it seems by the time i receive them it would be too warm for me to wear them...shame had to put them off for another year.
if i had to choose between a quality jacket that is 4 months late or a rushed piece of garbage that arrives on time, there's really no competition. true, more frequent updates would be nice, but if the creators at baubax aren't replying because they're flat out making sure everything works, i'm more than happy to leave them to it.
@andrew-  more than likely, no.  shipping depends on what you ordered, one hoodie will ship earlier than a mixed order of styles/sizes/colors. @rocket - baubax has said that you will receive shipment notification once the order has been shipped.  it may be awhile before any items actually ship.
is there any way to track if my jacket has been sent? i bet most of us are waiting for the update of this....
does the backer number affect the delivery time of your jacket ?
also- gm- meow.
anyone interested in more information on this campaign- please read these two articles-the most recent one was published at the end of december: http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427 &  http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/ct-baubax-kickstarter-delays-bsi-20151229-story.html
@adam: i agree that we will eventually get them, maybe a little further than your next couple of months estimate, but eventually. i was originally hoping for it to arrive before my vegas vacation, but i highly doubt it will(only 22 days until i leave after all).
i hate their lack of communication, but i feel 95% certain that we will get our jackets in the next couple months.  i probably won't do any business with them again until the jackets are available for order and are in stock.  that being said, i sort of expected this from an amateur entrepreneur who didn't expect more than a couple hundred orders and $20k.  i am in no hurry to get my order and i expect they will be fufilled eventually.
last update was now 5 weeks ago, any chance for another one? - frustrated by lack of communication, not by the delays in delivery.
just hope that when it arrive its worth the wait
if i know it will take soooooo long time i would not have back this project, and i cant even refund, they should at less update the backer every 2 week or every month on how it is now
@ang: that is most of the source of the anger here. they just don't communicate with the backers enough. i'm sure that most(not all) of the angry posts would be less angry if we had regular communication about delays/issues/what-have-you-nots, rather than silence until a few weeks after the delay starts to say there will be a delay.
i expected some manner of delay, but at this point i will have missed 3 trips before they even tell me they're ready to ship. the entire reason i backed this project was to have a functional airtravel jacket. at this point, i almost want to remove my back, as my barbour is doing the job just fine. a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
relax, it's a crowd sourced project, they didn't expect 44,949 backers and over $9m in amount, they did give us updates.  they are still sending updates through email.  it's delayed boohooo i'm sure they don't want that as well.  it is what it is.
every day that goes by this kickstarter seems more and more like the worlds best jacket scam.
arghhh. so frustrating. these guys just don't understand this whole process with kickstarter. if they expect to use and be successful on kickstarter again they better get their shit together. they need at least one person dedicated to posting comments on here for an hour a day ( or at least a couple hours a week) and someone needs to be handy for around an hour to post comments in one of their rare and mostly information-less updates after the update is posted. there is really no excuse for not having a presence in the comments. none. they aren't all personally making jackets for f3ck sakes. ridiculous.
thanks @owen "great mountain" middleton and @kaiserkai. looks like i have to continue waiting patiently. baubax should update a little more often... too quiet imo.
just got an email reply from baubax if anyone is interested. agent 002 (baubax) jan 5, 11:58 hi michael, happy new year! our team is consolidating the recently updated shipping addresses and will plan the shipping activities accordingly. we will provide the shipping details and a tracking number once your order has been shipped. wishing you a great day ahead! team baubax
if you read the chicago tribune article the shipping trial appears to have been a test of bulk shipping from the warehouse in hong kong and not a test to send them to individuals.
@ ammy lann: i don't feel that it is a scam. the creators could respond/communicate more frequentlyfrequently, which would reassure nervous backers. i think that due to the size of the project, the baubax team have ' bitten off more than they can chew, so they are chewing like heck', in other words, i think they severely under estimated the size of the task when it grew so massively and now they are almost overwhelmed trying to fulfill it.
@robyn d: your pledge was collected some time in october, so you have already paid. you can always check your pledge and reward details by going to your icom on the top right corner of this page. from the drop down menu, select 'backed projects', then select the baubax project. a pop up will appear with three tabs. here you can select survey, which will have recorded the information you have submitted and the reward you have selected. if this differs from what you think you originally chose, you have made a mistake very early on and is now impossible to alter. if it differs from the email to received contact the creators  using this address- support@baubax.com urgently.
has anyone actually received a jacket from the alleged december shipping?
does anyone else feel like this is a scam?
hello, i received the address confirmation email and my address is correct, however the reward and price listed in the email is vastly incorrect. how can i ensure that this is corrected and that i am charged the correct amount?
they do verify shipping when they get closer.  however, i had a verify shipping from another project at the beginning of december and still have not received that one (although people have started receiving them as of a week ago).  i would expect another month at the very least....
@ang : my assumption would be that they get closer to shipping when asking to verify and lock the addresses. but your guess is as good as anyone's. since they steadfastly refuse to communicate with us, no one here knows more than you do. it will ship sometimes between today and 2020.
@ang: it usually means that they are almost ready to start sending out rewards. as for when you will get your tracking number, that could be anywhere from now until the end of time(there is no way to know exactly, or a rough estimate really, when you will get it). most projects(that i've backed at least) start shipping within a week to three weeks of the confirmation of shipping address. but that doesn't mean this one will, just that it could.
what does it mean when kickstarter ask you to confirm if your shipping address is right? does that mean it's shipping soon? if it's shipping soon, when will i get to know the tracking number? what's the expectation? very new to kickstarter and this is my first backed project... so am not very sure.
they moved to seattle because of the tax laws.  and i don't see this alleged next product out there.
plot twist: baubax is a scam. raked in $10 million, moved from chicago to seattle. living the american dream. not really making jackets, and are already advertising their next technology heavy project to make enough money to move to barbados. :p
i think those articles both basically rehash the one from the chicago tribune.
more articles (albeit repeated ) found about baubax: http://gazettereview.com/2015/12/baubax-backers-becoming-frustrated-over-delays/ http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2015/12/79515-backers-of-kickstarter-alum-baubax-travel-jackets-grow-frustrated-about-delivery-delays/ nnot saying that they are credible source, but there you go.
@ leung wai chun, no idea tbh. depends on what kinda courier that they are sending out with. i assume that you're from hongkong, so it -shouldn't- take you long to receive, depending on when they send your particular batch out (jan? feb?) . again, this is all assumptions. better to just assume it'd gonna be a few more months tbh. @anon. *hands anon shoe polish* good luck with that.
kickstarter needs to give you a good kick in the arse lol.
what is the eta for me and when can i expect to get a tracking number? thank you.
@benny ang, bruh, wait for your jacket to arrive, then put it up on ebay / carousell/what have you. doing now would be pretty pointless as you cant change the address anymore :\
xd mike kopak, you deserve a lot of +1s , likes ,medals, etc for your efforts. it's really entertaining reading your replies, especially since i share the same sentiments.
anyone wants to buy my baubax jacket? realised it was overpriced and i can buy 2 branded ones with the money! in addition, the service is crap, so disappointed in baubax.
@michael chorney [from the "tos" -- "throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. at the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. there may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised." i firmly believe that much of the "complaining" here would have been averted had baubax done even a "basic" level of communication. the fact that the backers of this project are getting more information from the chicago tribune than from baubax is comical.] i agree, the door swings both ways :) let's hope baubax learns from this project and improves as a company (i really hope they do, for their sake). i guess they already have a clue what really went wrong from their end, so let's be patient and wait upon the jackets yeah?
while i agree that the comunication has room for improvement, i have also seen when creators do frequent updates (which i have no issue with), some backers will then complain about them spamming their email.
@mike:  the terrible communication from baubax is what should be complained about.  quoting "updates / month" is certainly not indicative (in my opinion) of baubax's communication effots, given how little information is in their updates.  progress towards their timelines has been terrible: 1)  the first update made by baubax that indicated they were behind schedule was on november 30th.  previous update (on sept 18) had indicated they were on track to ship in november -- the nov. 6th update didn't raise the issue at all. 2)  the nov. 30th update indicated that ~22k jackets would be shipped by the end of december.  i have still not seen a single person claim to have received a tracking number to date, 3)  the dec 23rd update did not highlight any issue on delivering rewards -- and it should have  - unless they really did ship 22k jackets in december. 4)  this is the only project i am backing that does not, at least occasionally, reply to issues/questions/concerns in the comments.  there has been well intended backers passing out bad advice in the comments to other backers-- because they had old/outdated info. from the "tos" -- "throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. at the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. there may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised." i firmly believe that much of the "complaining" here would have been averted had baubax done even a "basic" level of communication.  the fact that the backers of this project are getting more information from the chicago tribune than from baubax is comical.
+1 mike. i have backed stuff on kickstarter that is over 1 year since it was "promised" and still have not received my full reward.  a couple of months out is not a big deal in the land of kickstarter. 1st rule of kickstarter, don't back anything that you absolutely must have by the expected delivery date.  it is rare that it makes it on time and even rarer still if it is early! the downside to me on this campaign has been the lack of communication about what is going on.  my ones that are way behind at least have had good communication, that is  except one.  communication at regular intervals is important not only during the campaign but also after it.  this is where this one has failed.
@thy - you won't get one. you backer funded a company, you didn't buy a product. basically you gave a donation to help the company get started and you're getting a reward in the form of a jacket. you'll receive your reward when they are done.
@william - first off, you're a backer, not a customer. they got 1000x the funding (and thus rewards commitment) than they had hoped or planned for. so, yeah, they got overwhelmed. they're making monthly status updates. that tends to be the norm for most kickstarter projects. more updates != more accuracy. if they had more to share they would. i'd rather they spend the time on getting issues resolved and jackets out the door than answering every stupid email (90% of which you can be sure are the same whining "where's my jacket that you 'promised' ??? ") because people can't be bothered to read the existing status updates.
my wife and i had funded this project (our 1st) with the hope of having our jackets for our trip to hawaii in january 2016. we leave in 2 days and still no jackets.  kind of a bummer. (1st world problem) seems like baubax didn't have the means to fulfill the overwhelming demand for these jackets.  not that it's a bad thing.  just an inconvenience for the customers is all.  the update regarding shipping just seemed like an excuse for not being able to complete the orders on time according to their projected schedule.  i understand overwhelm, just keep the customers in the loop please.  honest, open communication is important.  not a fan of people making promises they can't fulfill.  it's ultimately bad for business.
@thy watson: read kickstarter faq regarding refunds, read update 13 regarding where your jacket is, read other comments regarding all of it.
where is my jacket???? it has been several months without response. i will be demanding a full refund.
@kaiser: that's hitting the nail on the head for why a lot of people(myself included) are annoyed. as long as they delays, or anything that should concern us, is communicated, everything would be better(well, most of it would be, there would still be people who complain even if this was a week ahead of schedule).
melissa, thanks for the articles. interesting reads, but i am still miffed about the lack of communication. the article states that they are ignoring social media for the most part. but i don't consider ks as social media. this is baubax' funding platform and they owe it to the people who made your dream come true to keep them in the loop. i honestly don't mind delays, but the lack of any viable information makes it a sour experience. still excited about this though.
sigh, why is it so many of you people act like if it doesn't come before february it somehow is useless? it's a jacket. there will be another winter next year you know!!! unless you honestly think you're going to grow or gain or lose a ton of weight between now and then, i'm sure you'll be able to use it again next time it gets cold...
@maritza garcia, if you've no need to change your address, leave that bit alone. @mario garcia, i personally dont think that it'd arrive by 8 jan... unless you got lucky and were part of the dec batch. even then, it'd be a miracle i guess?
i received an email on december 31st asking me to varify the address i provided in the initial survey. if no changes needed to be done i was set to go. the email gave a 48 hour window to make any changes.   i live in honolulu hawaii. hope this helps.
when are the january shipments being sent? i ordered this with the expectation to be able to use during my travel starting on 1/10/16. i expected this to be delayed a little, but did not expect this big of a delay. will this be delivered by 1/8/16? i live in southern california.
@sharon- you're welcome! i think it provides backers with the info that they really want and helps us understand what they're going through.
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole thanks for the update it really helps us understand what they are going through and hopefully the rest of the backers does understand as well. i was away when baubax sent the email in-regards to change the mailing address if needed but luckily l don't have the need to change :) happy new year baubax backers!
i wasn't planning to give this as an xmas gift, just purchased for myself so i'm not mad about anything delays. but i do hope i get my bomber before the cold new england weather is over hahaha. more updates would be nice though. more frequent.
please send an update on expected delivery!
@ stone stoddard: delivery addresses are now locked down.  the ability to change addresses was extended well after the survey and the reminder was sent to all backers via their kickstarter registered email account.  i would assume that the lockdown of delivery addresses means that this information has been passed to the delivery logistics group/company.  it is now up to you to arrange for someone to collect and forward your reward to your new address.
anyone interested in more information on this campaign- please read these two articles-the most recent one was published at the end of december: http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427 &  http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/ct-baubax-kickstarter-delays-bsi-20151229-story.html
i need to update my shipping information. unfortunately i did not see the email until today and it is not allowing me to change it. i have since moved out of state since these jackets took much longer to ship than we were initially told.
ditto that nick.
co-founder hiral sanghavi has had a lot of exposure internationally and would not risk putting his name against something he doesn't believe in. patience is a virtue !
any update?
nick, regardless of how you feel about update 14, if this were a scam it would be pretty brazen to offer the opportunity to buy more jackets.
anyone else concerned with their legitimacy here? i've backed enough projects that i understand the delays, that happens, but their communication skills are atrocious and i'm starting to question if they're taking our money and running.
@melissa: lol true.
happy new years! aren't we all just a cheerful bunch o' backers...
never mind. found it
i didn't get that email. must mean that i am not in the first batch of deliveries. still patiently waiting.
@diana after all the projects you have backed? you assumed they would be exactly on time? from a $20k project upgraded to it's current value??  you are kidding, right?  see @mike kopack's excellent explanatory note below, and just about every post from @rolts.
suerte.
que todos tengan buena suertde.
@ sue macleod: reposting this relevant comment: mike kopack 1 day ago   " - that's not going to happen. you, frankly, have unrealistic expectations and they're already running razor thin on the margins on this project. what is it with people and this project??? you funded a startup, you didn't purchase a jacket. you're going to get a reward. they don't owe you anything beyond that... dates are always estimates and as such can and will change as the situation changes. if you don't like that, next time read the t&c of what you're spending your money on before you give it away... geesh!"
really upsetting that i won't be able to have my jacket to travel abroad this next week. now i am left with trying to find a jacket for traveling, as i will have to bare some cold weather, with money that i did not have planned to buy another jacket and money that i could instead save to use abroad. i had looked forward to being able to provide a good review after my trip.
made the change.  the sweatshirt was supposed to be a christmas present; honestly for this very big inconvenience the company should give all backers a percentage of their pledge back or a blanket or something.
@thomas  once someone has pledged for a reward level the project creator is no longer able to modify or edit it. so your reward will always say estimated delivery: nov 2015. update #13 has more delivery information.
@ibrahim, david makes a good point. if it helps my shipping cost to australia  (2 items) is $25.
ibrahim, it will ultimately come down to whether or not the shipping cost is the same or less, and if it is not whether there is a way to allow you to cover the difference.
i got an update saying that i need to confirm my address,  and i put an address in australia.  however if i scroll down to the bottom where it says the amount i pledged,  under it it says my old country. i hope that doesn't affect anything...
i'm just wondering when will i receive my jacket? because i'll be travelling in 2-3weeks and moving in march... so..... like wtf?
@jonathan, you do not need to do anything (it is stated very clearly in the email)
if the shipping address is correct, do we need to do anything?
sure we just got an email but why the hell does that shit it's arriving in nov 2015
finally we got an email ! guess i was wrong. hope all the best in 2016 for all of us to receive our jackets
@sue mclord. probably safer to dump ur friend or family's perma address in the next few months than your new or old address as at the moment no one can be sure when the jackets will reach us
seems like everyone is getting the lock down of shipping address email, even me, who have a blazer in my 6 packs. so we will just wait for the jackets to arrive when they do. @rolts have fun explaining to those who wanna change their shipping address after 48 hours!!! lol..... i'll be too lazy to explain to them..... as everyone gets the email, so did they, but they always like to ask without reading their email.......
hi guys - hope you had a lovely new years that have already celebrated.  clearly my plans are wild and crazy as i'm on kickstarter at 11:30 pm... :)  lovely chatting with you thus far.
i got the email at 0200，new year's gift? let's see!
happy new year everyone!! ���
i had received the mail today. but when i can get my sweat shirt. it's my wife birthday present but delayed so much already. so i have no change of my address mean  that i will get my sweat shirt soon?
@ richard; the campaign page here and the baubax.com website has the range. using the sizing chart from the website for most recent sizing for jackets. the sizing chart on the campaign page is redundant. to contact the company, you can do that through the website or via support@baubax.com
yippee! got the email to confirm my address! looking positive in receiving my jackets soooooon.... great news for a new year!
i am getting the bomber jacket, but am interested in the other models (sweatshirt etc) but i cannot find and details or photos of the other options. does anyone know how to find that info or contact the company?
oops! lol definitely commented on the wrong project xd
sue, the best thing to do is to ship it to friends or family who will be at a fixed address for the next few months.
hey @lomography! i recieved the "confirm your shipping address" email about a week ago but haven't heard anything since. should i be expecting a tracking number soon? thank you so much and happy new year!
is there an update on when a backer should expect their product? i received an email today asking to confirm my address, it's fine at this point however i will be moving in two months - will i receive my jackets before that date, or should i provide my new address (effective march 2016)?  regards suemacleod18@gmail.com
@ bruce & mike: getting ready a response to post in 48 hours: ' addresses are now locked down, it's too late to ........'
@ mimi - that november date was the original date set earlier this year - 6-9 months ago. the most current delivery information is in update 13. so, no, you won't be getting your jacket(s) any time soon.
hi there, i have got the address verification email and we are supposed to get our jackets in nov... can you verify when are we expecting the jackets now?? mimi
it seems inevitable that some international customer that ordered a blazer is going to miss their package due to a combination of being at the end of the line, customs, and slow domestic parcel delivery.
bruce - more likely that there's still going to be a crew that complain that they didn't hear anything and they need to make a change to their address... because they either filter the email or whatever...
it will be interesting three days from now to see if anyone still wants to change their mailing address.
just got my email too. i'm going with optimism it will be on it's way in a couple days. and since the weather has been unseasonably warm i just might get to wear it sooner than spring!  so happy new year!
i got that email too! how exciting!
got this email today: time to get excited: baubax llc is one step closer to sending out rewards for backing the world's best travel jacket with 15 features || baubax. if this is the correct address, you're all set. here’s the address you had in your survey response: ... if this is not the correct address, you can fix it right here. just be sure to make any changes in the next 48 hours!
@taylor unfortunately kickstarter does not do refunds and based on the mass amount of orders, the creator would not even have to time to appeal to refunds even if they wanted to. you've waited thus far, might as well wait abit more to finish the journey.
@gin thanks for your patience and understanding. we have our opinions, but its about time to put it to rest and just await for our jackets patiently :)
i just want a refund. i'm over it.
if everyone is getting the final address confirmation (and it seems like thats the case) then it doesn't mean much other than they're locking in delivery.
i just got an email giving 48 hours to change my delivery address. i wish i knew when they're actually shipping because i'm moving across the country in february. i guess i'll just leave my address as is and hope it comes before we leave.
however, i'll be pleasantly surprised if i'm wrong! certainly wouldn't complain to get mine sooner rather than later... especially since i'm going to be traveling to dc 3 out of the next 4 weeks...
got it as well... but, i wouldn't read too much into it.. this is probably just a final chance to make sure your shipping information is correct, given how many people have been complaining to make changes. it does not mean your jacket is "on the way" 2 days from now...
got email for shipping address confirmation as well!
@madi got mine too!
so thrilled to get my shipping address conformation! one step closer!!!! happy new year everyone!
just got an email verifying my shipping address! thank you so much to the baubax team for everything. i can't wait to get my hands on my new jacket!
hey tony, i just got it too. happy 2016~!
fyi. slightly more than 1hr past 2016 here in sg, just got a final shipping confirmation email from the team. happy new year y'all!
i just got the email "last change to confirm your shipping address" for this reward.  very excited to see it is finally going to ship!  happy new year baubax!
lol ma . happy new year! thanks for trying to play neutral and quell quarrels here lately! rainy here, but im glad to snooze at home.
a happy new year to all too. have a great year to come.
@gin thats good to hear. a happy new year to you for some good measure.
happy new year every one ;)
happy new year . balmy night, fireworks on the beach, champagne and friends to welcome in 2016.  hope the year is peace and prosperous.
@everyone happy new year to all!!!! let's all take a break and wait for the count down in our own country with all our love ones!!!! enjoy the celebration!!!
@ rolts - happy new year to the other (early) side of the world. @ rolts, @ kat, @ christopher, @ joshua - that was an interesting and informative discussion you folks had earlier. concerning the two articles we cite as our main source of information these days, it is mentioned that hiral sanghavi took a leave of absence from his mba program to start up this project. when i was working on my mba a "few" years ago, we had to do a lot of case study work - studying actual businesses to see what they did right - or wrong. we also had to go into actual businesses, evaluate them and make recommendations to their owners. let's say his professors decide to use his jacket business as a case study (i suspect it will show up in a book of case studies one day). even better, when he stands for his oral examinations (assuming they still do that), what questions would they ask him about the success (or failure) of his business. it might be interesting to see what impact baubax has on his getting his mba. certainly, we can see the things he has not done right. there is no question hiral is learning a lot more in the real world of hard knocks than he would ever learn in a classroom.
and since its ... well.holidays and all @rolts; @sharon; @tazerqueen mel ; @ gmountains @ bruce and all, merry new year!
@ma , i beg your pardon, but the regulars such as rolts and so on are definite not unwilling to accept that some points are off. its not like we are actual sympathizers, we just happen to be more tolerant and understanding than your usual newbie crowdfunding crowds.
happy new year peeps! chill out a little and find someone to celebrate with. no point crying over not receiving jackets on time or not receiving info.  the world isn't going to stop spinning any time soon just cause of this. if anyone needs me after this, i will not be trolling this comments page, instead i will be out having a few drinks and celebrating. smile :)
@kat and @christophe this charade is never gonna end. both rolts and the both of you have valid points, but having made your points known, lets be patient and wait upon the jackets as. what rolts said is right, bashing them now is not going to make things go faster. it is true that we need to be patient, but neither can we deny that their communication and pr has been terrible. its no point stating your point or getting in dog fights, since rolts or other baubax "sympathisers" are unwilling to accept the other side of the coin/equation. be better than that. let them have the day and their way, and lets wait for our jackets patiently. save your reviews (both good and bad) for people who have yet to buy it.
@rolts i happen to agree with you. as for all other backers. there are many other projects in which the communication has been a lot worse. i just got my goat mug today, after waiting patiently for it for over a year. i got an update if i was lucky ever few months. there is more fuss over this project than i have ever seen. people need to learn a strong lesson on patience. your parents teach you that when you were a kid, did they not? society today needs to slow down and take a deep breath. no single business could grow 10,000 times larger over night. we should all be fortunate that we do get updates from time to time, they probably are doing it on there own time before bed. the people of baubax are hard at work. i hope they got to spend some time with there families during the holidays. i hope that starting this new year people in the world could be less self centered. happy new years everyone.
and to clarify your comparison with the tpad project, there was monthly update (36 updates in total) with each time clear informations about the production status, most of the time with pictures showing the product or few pieces ...
@rolt interesting. so i suppose the tpad project you pledged in july, they sent you discount to buy more in september ? and you found very relevant information about your tpad two times in news paper ? and got more updates on indiegogo ?  ahhh i feel better now, i thought all of this is only happening for this particular project !
@kat; my comments arise from your post regarding where you assumed the creators were because of your social media research, which you realised after publishing was erroneous. looked like an attack, sounded like an attack ....... and certainly seemed to be posted with malicious intent. have a look at the tpad project i backed. promised in july. got mine today. delays due to manufacturing issues, updates when information was relevant. periods of radio silence.......... problems with backers = nil. lot more patience was shown than here. all the anger and angst will resolve nothing, just fame the flames of the those who know no better. i'm just calling you out for over reaction (especially the creators holiday posting) or would you rather more project postings of the accuracy of yours? sure more information would calm things, but it won't speed up the logistics side of the operation. whilst quoting from the faqs on the site is fine, you seem to have nit picked by adding your own interpretation of what meets the kickstarter criteria. you say the creators are not respecting the backers, and you don't see the irony after your posts? (rhetorical question)
rolts, i'm "determined to attack the project"?  really?  you are also making really egregious assumptions.  my husband and i have backed numerous projects since the inception of kickstarter. we were early adopters.  when this project came to my attention he was away on business.  i opened my own account because of our logistics at the time. so, no, i'm not some hysterical newbie unfamiliar with the trials and tribulations of new start ups. i'm not attacking the project... i'm astounded the creators are not respecting the backers and providing transparent and informative updates.  yoganshi shah was logged in to her campaign today. if they were oblivious to the mood of backers before yesterday they certainly were no longer in the dark after being contacted for the chicago tribune article. did they bother to make a gesture by providing an update?  nope. these aren't people who fell off the turnip truck yesterday. he was studying at kellogg for heavens sake. yet he doesn't think social media (of which theirs went dark after being funded) is important? you seem really great at making excuses for the baubax team. do you know something the rest of us don't?  do you have an inside connection with the team?  if you're satisfied with piddly little non-updates then good on you. i'm not.  nor are many others. there is no excuse, none, for them to avoid the backers.  they are absolutely accountable to us. i don't give a flying fig about delays. keep me in the loop.
@gin that guy too free...... biz is bad i guess.......
aaaand... scott e vest guy is back to troll baubax on facebook
@ francis liu: the only really information we have is update 13 and there is a shipping reference in the newspaper referred to a couple of posts below.
when are we suppose to receive our jackets? it seems like it's been way too long
another sadness... the backers who pledged $5 or more over 300 of them) and were to have their names listed on the founders family section of baubax website... didn't even get that! they couldn't even deliver a webpage with 300 names listed and a 'thank you'. sadness.
@ backers: these two articles should be read in conjunction. http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427 & http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/ct-baubax-kickstarter-delays-bsi-20151229-story.html
thanks for stepping in, david.  i'm not sure why they haven't told us these things in updates.  i think it stems from another article about their fear of legality in statements they make.  they're being overly cautious in what they tell us.  but i thought the article really was the update we were all *wanting*. article again- posted today- http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/ct-baubax-kickstarter-delays-bsi-20151229-story.html
"insisted" is simply another word for "said" that gets used if someone is responding to an accusation.  it was a choice of the article's author to use that word.  most likely the author did some digging and did not find any credible evidence of fraud, which is why the article is not as harsh as some would have wished.
what ? you think i waited baubax to get a jacket for my personal use ? i just hate being taken as a fool, that's all, personal matters. and i really have this feeling now, as most of the ppl commenting recently here. the rest i don't care, i backed other projects, most of them got delays, but we were updated about the issues encountered, a quite simple task for honest ppl. (20 updates alr for my last project which just ended yesterday.., we are only at 14 updates for baubax after 2 months delay)
thanks for the article and some insights, which all backers expected to be posted here first. i'm not a native english speaker so please tell me what you guys think of the part "sanghavi acknowledged backers' frustration, but insisted the jackets are in production and that there is no mismanagement afoot.". he "insisted" sounds for me like he is arguing like a little child or something - it should be very easy to prove that the jackets are being produced right know, shouldn't it?
christophe, the chicago tribune is a newspaper.  baubax was responding to questions by a journalist.  if you have problems with the content of the article you should take it up with the author. i think the lone comment on that article sums things up best: "if you don't like waiting for a non-existent coat, go to macy's and buy a real one."
so to summarize .. they are communicating on a website that will be potentially read by many new customers (of course the video of the jacket presenting all the features is visible on the article)... and do no care about updating the real customers they alr have in this kickstarter campaign ! + a last update asking us to buy more jacket + an indiegogo parallel campaign without being able to deliver the orders they alr got here... i think everything is said and clear for me... money became more important for them than all the rest.
@ sharon; the ' 5 cat jacket'  comment was just random selection thrown into google translate to simulate the translation fail you were telling gin would eventually happen. :p @ mike, david: kat is on a bit of a mission. see her posts a day back on the last update. she seems determined to attack the project. she has backed other projects, but this is her first.
thanks melissa!
thanks for the article rachel-  this is more of an update that we needed to hear.   please read: http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/ct-baubax-kickstarter-delays-bsi-20151229-story.html
it is also worth pointing out that a good majority of backers do not post here.  the half-dozen people posting regularly probably account for somewhere between a quarter and a third of all posts.  so its possible that those 1000 jackets are on their way to people, but there's no way to know for sure if they have no inclination to post here.
jackets are being shipped by air cargo.  that was outlined in the entrepreneur article.
ok, so assuming that the info for the article was gathered this week, and the "1000 shipped from our hong kong warehouse last week" was the week of xmas, and the update schedule showed they were planning to get 2000 out in the test batch, they're still running at least 2 weeks behind the projected schedule from the nov update. not trying to alarm anyone, just say that they're obviously behind even where they had hoped to be as of a month ago. also, keep in mind that chinese new year is monday, feb 8, and pretty much all chinese production shuts down for a good week or more for that, so realistically we're probably looking at march before the last orders get shipped out the door (and probably 1-2 week after that if not more before we receive them.) if they're having to ship them using sea transport from china to, say, the usa and then distribute from there, it's at least a 2-3 week sea voyage just to get them to the usa.
ok i type wrong it should be stop not shop
@rolts maybe you should shop using google translate . although it helpful, it always get wrong . 什么5只猫的外套在哪里 translate in english means :what is where's the 5 cat jacket something like that and that really funny
@emil: they never check here. you need to email them directly: support@baubax.com. please be direct and clear with your request.
hello guys i need to change my shipping address how can i do that? i have moved since backing this project. if you see this please update my shipping address to: 1 s. market st. apartment 2108 san jose, ca 95113 or send me a new survey link or something. thank you..
hopefully i get mine before winter is over.  i live in los angeles, so winter isn't going to last all that long here....
wow!!! who is the lucky 1000!!!! wonder do they get tracking number?
1,000 jackets shipped out last week... 79,000 to go!
kat, "a kickstarter project is delivering a few weeks late because the creators are in over their heads" does not really make for a compelling scoop.  the michael demmons quoted in the article probably convinced the authoer that she had the inside track on the next big failed kickstarter but her investigation ultimately didn't lead to that conclusion. while the offer to buy more jackets was hilariously misguided i can only presume that baubax thought it would be of legitimate interest.  in spite of all the publicly available information people are still ordering jackets at indiegogo.
it seems like most people are annoyed by the once a month-type updates that we're getting now. the thing is, for some folks, they feel that's plenty, for others it's not enough. we all know this thing is going to be late. it already is, and it's probably going to be at least a month later than we were told at the end of november. they've been keeping to roughly once a month updates. i can live with that. they're busy trying to get the jackets done and out the door. they don't have time to troll here and answer every person's question and gripe. so long as they're doing the once a month, they're keeping up with their requirement to keep us informed. sorry if it's not often enough for some of you, but it is what they are obligated to. so cut them some slack and relax!
@rachel thanks for posting that article it clears up a lot.
from kickstarter: throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. found here: https://www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use from kickstarter:  what should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? if problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update explaining the situation. sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. it's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. if a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. if the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. steps should include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. for more information, see section 4 of our terms of use. for projects that launched before october 19, 2014, please see our previous terms of use. found here:  https://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/kickstarter+basics… creators have an obligation to keep backers informed. to be clear and forthcoming. there is a method to report a project with a dedicated selection to state the creators are not communicating with backers. i wish a poll could be created because many of us would surely like to know how many people have emailed the company and not received a reply from the teams "three dedicated communications people" who "answer emails daily" but are more focused on "getting the product out" than to bother with social media. from here: http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/ct-baubax-kickstarter-delays-bsi-20151229-story.html bush league at best. even his replies to amina elahi's questions are sketchy.
发货推迟了这么久，不该给backer一些补偿吗
from the chicago tribune, if anyone is interested: http://www.chicagotribune.com/bluesky/originals/ct-baubax-kickstarter-delays-bsi-20151229-story.html
看起来我们要等到明年的圣诞节才会收到外套!
@rolts good luck in using google translation as they change the words to my sentence and don't make much sense!!! lol @gin "我的中文不好，因为以进都还给老师了！" google translate to "my chinese is not good, because in order to feed all returned to the teacher!" lol!!!!!
@rolts btw, i type the last sentence without using google translation!! lol
@rolts i don't get what u mean by "什么5只猫的外套在哪里?" whose 5 cats? @melissa got 5 cats?? @gin u understand what rolts is saying? guess google translation played him out? lol.... @rolts 我的中文不好，因为以进都还给老师了！
wow, have you guys backed other projects?  these guys seem to be doing what most creators do: 1. lots of update first few weeks 2. no updates unless it's delay 3. update when it's holidays 4. ship (or back to 2) take delivery dates with a grain of salt, treat it like a pleasant surprise from past self when it does arrive.  i've got one that's in production for 2 years, and one that arrived after a year and half on indiegogo. it's the risk you take when backing projects here.
laura- i wouldn't recommend posting your phone number in the comments section as it can be publicly viewed. any questions should be sent to support@baubax.com.  please be direct and clear with your request.
kyna- delivery addresses were locked in awhile ago.  you can try to write support@baubax.com, but it may be too late to change.
laurabeaton laurabeaton dec 29 2015 hey my name is laura  i pledged on this worlds best jacket back in august for 35$ and again in november for 300$ i never got asked what size i wanted and i think i got two now. i was hoping i could get an xxs in charcoal grey and a men's small in black for the sweatshirt. for mine i'm very small so i hope this fits. please contact me at 604 613 3936 if i can get these siz
hello,  if i need to change the delivery address, what do i need to do?  thanks!
i'm curious- was anyone's christmas ruined from lack of present? did anyone's family member disown them?
aaaaaah!! my friend literally just showed me those headphones yesterday!!!  haha!! and yep- that butter knife was already available at the moma store before i got mine.  all good though.  they mentioned a shipping issue- and i got my butter knife.
i get everyone is frustrated and upset that there have been no updates. stuff takes time, stuff happens, big deal. heck i backed axent wear -cat earphones a year ago and got them days before they released to the public.. but we couldn't get updates due to legal issues but at least we would get a few unofficial posts here and there..most people are understanding about delays but it just sucks they jumped on the indiegogo campaign before finishing the orders for kickstarter. stuff happens all the time, but we as the consumer deserve the right to ask about our investment as its our money on the line, but it's the company's right to insure they communicate or customers will not return or recommend their products as they can't judge on account liability. it's sad because i know a few people who ordered and a few who wanted to purchase but are iffy to do so seeing so many unhappy people.
a creator i met through exploding kittens sent his backers an update that was very honest.  spoke of health issues, personal financial issues, family issues.  this was for an item that was handmade, by him.  most people were incredibly understanding- even though it was a year delay.  still some anger- but that's bound to happen.
yeah- the clicka was cancelled due to patent issues- however- they moved to indigogo- with the proof of their right to sell.  i backed on there-  should allegedly be shipping soon. i think baubax may just be overwhelmed/didn't hire the right pr person/aren't actually reading comments to realize how frustrated we are/zero fucks. after reading the article about baubax-i think they're edging too much on playing it safe.  but forgetting that we can be reasonable when informed.    the hydaway project was on time until their manufacturer just shut down.  so he had to send an update stating 'i don't know when we'll ship...i need to start over' and everyone was so supportive.  and that pushed him.  he said "maybe spring of 2016?" but we are getting them now (mine a few days ago).
oooh. btw that vacuum clicka looks useful!
hahaha @ mel, at least you guys went "update?" and they replied. baubax makes me feel like they are going the "yanno what. i'll tell you when i feel like it. lolololol. in the meantime, tralalala , lemme go sort this delivery out, but first, lemme take a selfie/watch that show!" of course, this is just speculation . for all you know they simply are not very tech savy when it comes to replying stuff. :\
i bought a toy on clearance at target (my holy land) for leo.  for some reason it terrifies him.  i now use it when he starts attacking my feet and hands.  dear target- you are my everything.
it's that we simply panic when we stop hearing news. especially when it's a freakin 10m we are talking about here. not a lot of monies these days, but still enough to live luxuriously for some time, or to get a project going successfully.
@ mel, i read the last sentence with a feminine gollum voice. *shudder* tbh though, if they bother updating a little more frequently like they did when they were starting this whole campaign, it'd not have exploded to this state. it's not that people cant wait 6 mths.
and to chime in on the norm- it really does depend on each campaign.  one was delivered on time, but they didn't have many updates.  not comments.  once in a blue moon we'd say "update?" and they'd give us one a week or two later.  but it was a long time in between.
but but leo came to me with a bribe (catnip x 33). how could i refuse? on other notes: there are still people posting on baubax's facebook page (which seems to be entirely abandoned. you cannot message them, and they've stopped maintaining the page altogether.) . might need a little help there eventually (cuz i'm lazy)
and more seriously- in regards to kickstarter experiences- i've been lucky so far.  i have received every product i've backed, aside from this one and another currently shipping from spain.  gm and i have become somewhat close to the creators of the exploding kittens campaign- they told us what they've had to deal with as hugely successful creators of a campaign...it's insane. when you consider what baubax is dealing with- they have four manufacturers making each style.  but combining those orders? i myself have a hoodie and a bomber.  so they have to wait for both of those to be shipped to their packaging facility- and combined.  not to mention all the colors and sizes.  they really do have a lot to organize.  seriously.  compared to every other campaign- they have so much more to organize in terms of each order. yes- communication needs to improve.  no one is arguing with that.  but so far- only a month delay? that is not bad at all. again i say- i waited 6 months for a butter knife.  but my precious is here now.  and he is good.
oy! all y'all talking about leo when i'm not here-  lest we forget i'm a new yorker and i. will. cut. you.  also- gm will agree with me that you do not want me to get my landlord involved.  back off the kitty!!
@rolts,gm, wait what? what did i do ? d: *hides leo-the-kitty away* well, just to be sure we'd stop saying that we are buying things or investing... here's a wiki take on "crowdfunding" crowdfunding is the practice of funding a project or venture by raising monetary contributions from a large number of people, today often performed via internet-mediated registries, but the concept can also be executed through mail-order subscriptions, benefit events, and other methods.[1] crowdfunding is a form of alternative finance, which has emerged outside of the traditional financial system.[2] the crowdfunding model is based on three types of actors: the project initiator who proposes the idea and/or project to be funded; individuals or groups who support the idea; and a moderating organization (the "platform") that brings the parties together to launch the idea .[3]
the flood of comments here is like looking through other comment sections of passed kickstarter projects that has failed to deliver their products or had defected on their products due to bad designs and had been delivered (which the comments on there were reasonable and didn't request for refunds). even though i want my moneys worth on getting my coat delivered to me like any of these people who are disappointed by a distinct variety of circumstances (that could mean someone has been worried that their family relative isn't getting their christmas present or that they had to leave their current residents area before they can get theirs delivered to that area to go on a trip), i would still want baubax to keep their intent of having the world see their products before they shut down on overwhelming heat because of the comments.
@ owen 'gm'; poor leo.
@timandgrae: i don't think baubax will pick up your request from here. try sending it to support@baubax.com
....those capitals/little letters should all be reversed. forgot caps lock was on. >.<
@rolts: gin did what with that pencil?
@ sharon: 翻译错了吗？什么5只猫的外套在哪里？
hi, i am a backer and have lost a bit of weight. just wondering if i can still change the sizes for myself. please let me know. thanks. cheers, tim
@ gin: 谷歌翻译是我的朋友。
indiegogo is like kickstarter without the security or much more difficult review process. i've backed 3 projects on indiegogo between 2013 and 2014. i have received 1. chance of scam is much higher on indiegogo then kickstarter any day of the week.
@jessica: you probably know more about it than me now. i just know it's another crowd funding platform.
@owen i had to google indiegogo. had no idea what that was. clearly i'm a rookie.
@melissa i was just using this as an example understanding that they could indeed do that if they desired. not saying that his project necessarily has. i suppose i'll pay closer attention and read disclaimers next time.
@jessica: it really is a problem with some creators, i personally don't think this one will never arrive, as they did communicate(albeit late) that there will be delays, and a projected new shipping date. which, i think is still a bit optimistic on their part, but we will see. the communication is something that some creators need to work on, and inform their backers if there is a delay, or work with them to figure something out. the problem here, primarily, is that they don't even respond to anyone from kickstarter(as far as i've seen at least), but they do on indiegogo(or whatever it's called). i personally haven't been over there to check, but some people have said they see updates there every now and then.
@jessica that is correct, they are not obligated to send anything. it's the way kickstarter differs from a store--you're not making a purchase, you're funding their project and receiving a reward for funding at a set level. it's not an investment, either, as you have no holding in the company. however, concerns about them taking the money and running are premature at this point.
@bruce a year? i hope this cooler makes and serves you drinks while refilling itself with ice when you do get it. that's ridiculous. maybe the people with the cooler money are holiday-ing with the people with the jacket money. in that case i wish they'd at least invite me.
@owen so you purchase something that could potentially never come and you have no recourse? for all practical purposes as an example this couple could have 9 million dollars in their bank account with no obligation to send anything? well i would say i'm quite turned off by kickstarter if i'm understanding correctly. i don't consider this an investment. investment implies that i would have some leverage, ownership, say or earnings in a company. i have investments but although i have plenty of shares in amazon, netflix, boa, etc.... i still have to pay for my memberships to each and boa still likes to remind me how horrible customer service can be. i would say this is far more of a product purchase than an investment. the trade off seemingly we get a "discount" for a product we can't take home the day of "purchase". how frustrating! i guess i should just be happy i only bought a few and not as many as i had considered for presents and cut my losses. in the grand scheme of whether or not the risk is worth the reward (risk being i just burnt hundreds of dollars for no apparent reason vs the reward of receiving some hoodies with a lot of pockets) i'd have to say i don't think so in the future. i wish i had a better experience on here, it seemed like an interesting platform. i will say i'm much happier with the other investment. i funded it almost a month later and i believe they're currently at 43 updates with several pictures, shipping lists updated a few times nowand like i said, very understandable delays. thank you so much for your info, this is the first comment i've bothered to make. i guess wrapping pictures of it for everyone was a bit annoying and seeing that still there's not a new update was enough.
@bruce: i was typing that out while trying not to let me manager see what i was doing. that, and i learned to type fast from years of playing counter strike and not having a mic.
@ jessica - obviously, great mountain types (and thinks?) faster than i do, but we seem to be in general agreement.
@ jessica - what is the "norm"? for communications, i'm not sure there is one. it depends on the stage of the project and how involved it is. i get twice-monthly updates on a highly technical project that tell me about those technical issues but nothing about when they will be finished. i get occasional updates from the coolest cooler project, now approaching nearly a year overdue for me (although they have shipped many units already to other backers). on another project, we heard nothing for more than a year, then a single update about patent issues and then they disappeared again. as for delay "norms," again, i'm not sure there is one. a few projects hit close to their original schedule. it just depends on the complexity of the project. three to four months beyond the original target date is probably a good rule-of-thumb for ks projects in my opinion. as i said, i have been waiting almost a year now for my coolest cooler. but i've had a couple come in within a month or two of the projected date.
@jessica: also, for communication, it really depends on the creator. some give monthly updates, some give when there is anything(as in the slightest change that isn't really that important) to report, and some don't update at all. the ones that give monthly updates are typically the best ones, as they keep you up to date, and if there is something vital, they usually throw another update for that.
@jessica: the norm is very hard to say with kickstarter. there are some which fulfill by the end of the month they estimate, and there are some that fulfill early. then there is the other side of the spectrum, where you wait extra long due to a number of factors including manufacturing problems, mother nature causing delays, or the rare one(i've had two in the 46 projects i've backed) that never delivers, or delivers so late that you actually wrote it off as a non-fulfillable project. as for canceling your order, the only thing that would do, is make it so that when the jackets ship, you don't get anything. there has been statements from other backers who broached the subject with beubax where there is no refund. unfortunately, i would have to agree with that as it is one of the risks with crowd funding you undertake when participating. and there is no legal action you can take either. word of mouth regarding their communication, fulfillment and such is your only weapon to use.
any updates would be appreciated. would be nice to be kept in the loop and let us know where you are in the delivery process. i had planned to wear this at ces this january so a bit disappointed. is there anything you can share with your investors?
i've only funded two projects (the other is a heated jacket) however while both have not been fulfilled as promised, really detouring me from funding any future projects, the other has at least had almost constant updates and understandable delays (batteries held in customs because of the hoverboard fiasco) there has been little to no communication here. which is the norm i'm wondering? secondly now that it's 6 - 7 weeks beyond when it was supposed to actually be here and i see no evidence it's coming anytime soon can i cancel my order?
@gin rolts is using google translation..... i'm just waiting for one fine day when they translate for him wrongly!!!! i'll sure lol!!!!
ordered a jacket in september.. where is the jacket
@steve: i completely agree, but that doesn't excuse the lack of communication. even if it's not positive communication, at least keep the people informed as to what is happening. whether it be delays due to mother nature, or complexity. that is something that, even if just once a month, they could do.
kickstarter is not a store. you did not order a product. way back in september you donated some money so that a bright couple could try their hand at developing an innovative jacket. in return for your investment, the creators promised to reward you with one or more jackets if their endeavours are successful. the amount ($9.2m) raised from backers (45,000), and consequently the number of jackets needed to be manufactured (75,000), far exceeded their expectations to the point that their initial expectations had to be revised several times as various manufacturing and logistics issues arose. sometime in the not-too-distant future you will receive the reward you were promised. just maybe not when you thought you should have received it if you had shopped in a store. but then, you didn't go shopping in a store; you invested in an idea.
p. s: i'm at someone's house that's why i have internet.. at home i don't have :(
worst update ever :( what if by the time this reaches my size is bigger lol
@ashley chan: does anyone think this could be a scam? i did not receive mine either. i pledged since august 2015. expecting to receive in november. it's already december now.
@liangyu : 我覺得過了冬天也收不到貨 this is getting me crazy.... if they shipped my jacket in february,i think i may received in may or june  so , i gonna wait for my jacket a year? you got to be kidding me ! did anyone receive your jacket ?
so, when shall we have tracking number ?
@rolts, 天啊. 你也会华文??? @ma, me agree. cant really recommend after all this fiasco
@andressa chiara agreed. unfortunately while there is validity in your statement (i echo those thoughts of your's), what can we do but wait? so let's cut them some slack and await our jackets. likewise, i will not be recommending to my friends or loved ones about an item i have yet to see. it aint only about whether a project delivers, but also in the manner it delivers. i'll never recommend this brand to others in the near future when there are so many other jackets out there, which may not be as innovative, but they a helluva a better job with pr and comms.
@jie yuan: the estimated delivery of the campaign is only that, estimated. if you read update 13, the dates mentioned are shipping dates, not delivery dates. these can be vastly different, depending upon where the items are shipped from and the final destination. several items posted priority from the usa to me here in australia, have not arrived after 2 weeks. items sent from canada have taken 6 weeks or more. that is why shipping dates are given, not delivery dates. that is beyond the control of the creators, especially at this time of year.
i was promised that you will deliver my jacket on november, then you guys push the date on december and now you tell me i will receive my jacket on january? are you kidding me? it sure damage your brand name !
@ gin: 干得漂亮
@liangyu请看更新#13
lol.whut. is it a meltdown in here or what?
@leung wai chun - as noted below, see update #13, e-mailed to you before. as the shipper has that information, it will be provided direct to yourself via e-mail.
what is the eta for me and when can i expect to get a tracking number?  thank you very much!
什么时候能收到货？
@ kevin j liao: this jacket is a global product, not just for your locale. i guess you see jackets as being worn for one season only, and that season is almost over for you. be reassured, this seasonal cycle will repeat (rocket science) and you can take it out of the cupboard and wear it then.
i want my jacket now not later than january i need a jacket now and not in the spring. it's not rocket science, very unprofessional of you if you have time to get a second found raise from indigogo, maybe we should let people in indigogo knows that you have not yet on this with your first funding.
i'll quote pj bogert, because i couldn't have put it better myself: i find it interesting that the baubax team can find the time to make updates 5 days ago their page on indiegogo.com that any orders made before dec 20th will be shipped by the end of january. if you can make an update on your secondary crowd funding page, it's not difficult to make an update on your primary crowdfunding page. i understand delays and being overwhelmed, but i am upset about the extreme lack of communication here on ks. i also agree with the sentiment that the last update was absolutely unprofessional offering jackets at reduced pricing when backers are being kept in the dark about the delivery of their initial orders. in addition, why would i help spread the word about a product that no one has laid eyes on. when i recommend an item, my friends and peers take my evaluations seriously and feel they are making a more informed purchase. i can not, with good conscience, recommend something i haven't seen or something i am not sure will even arrive in a timely fashion. my reputation is more valuable than being a marketing tool for an unproven start-up company.
got my jacket! (not really. had you there for a second didn't i?) hoping for an update soon  :d
i just sent an email to them (support@baubax.com). crossing finger they would reply
any kind of update would be much appreciated. come on guys, it's basic customer service 101. think of the big picture. don't run it like a one-off.
to everyone who has address change issues. not sure if this will help, but i saw an edit address, part on my survey. i logged in, clicked on view pledge, then on survey tab. under the survey i saw an edit address option. hope thi helps.
very imbarassing way to build a brand! i really hope to get what ordered and never ever again i will fund a project. and mainly i hope that those jackets will be worth our money.
everyone relax.  it's a kickstarter project.  and a highly successfully funded one at that.  can you imagine trying to handle everything that comes with that responsibility?  i can't.  they are quiet because they are working hard trying to get our orders done right.
@mike kopack: i agree with everything, except the update by the end of the month. since they released the last one, if they hold true to how they have been so far, we will be waiting until end of january for another update.
email to support@baubax from december 9 went unanswered. followed up again today. anyone else out there in the boat of pledging for a sweatshirt, trying to change to a blanket, and then getting only the blanket reward despite pledging >$150? never received any survey from them, and radio silence now on how to fix it. at this point i don't really have any expectations of a delivery date, but i don't even think i would get any delivery right now.
@christophe brun - that wasn't a timetable, again, it was an estimate... crap happens. that might have been their plan, but there might have been things that caused that plan to go out the window within 5 minutes of them posting it. it comes when it comes!!! that's not to say that i'm not as anxious as the rest of you for a new update (which i would assume we'll see before the end of the month, so sometime this week) with hopefully some new information. but whining and complaining about it by folks isn't going to change it or make it happen faster, so i really wish people would just chill...
@ andrea; your best line of communication would be support@baubax.com the baubax team very rarely responds directly to posts here.
hi! since you didn't ship on time i have some address issue, could you please reach me? or give a direct email to reach to explain my problem. thank you..
dear baubax team, are we still on time with the latest delivery timeline? or there will be another delay? it would be good to keep us updated. we don't even know whether all the jackets ordered already done. and whether it is already shipped out. i don't need your merry christmas e-card, i need status update!!
this is a message for anyone to answer. has anyone received their pledge? or any shipment information regarding their pledge?
read more carefully. only 2000 should be delivered in december (and that could be to backers that had multiple jackets).  the others will be shipped during the holiday season and all the major delivery services have stated that there were more packages this year.  "exploding hoverboards cause havoc for some products shipping from china" http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2015/12/79276-exploding-hoverboards-cause-havoc-for-some-products-shipping-from-china/ we do not know if this had any effect on the shipping either.
you can play numbers as u want.. but 20000+ jackets should be delivered already according to the november update.... still silence after this huge amount of delivery, nope, i'm not naive enough sorry.
yet it has been less than one month and the indiegogo campaign has been there since september. there are 223 skus and 10 factories for 44,000+ rewards and 1 update with no status changes and you go complain on christmas. the number of comments is less than 10% of the number of backers and we know that most of them were posted before this month & some of those backers have made multiple comments, so what makes you so certain that none of the jackets have been delivered.
the last update changed my mind! the update of november gave us a clear timeline for delivery .. nothing to complain about. the last one + the non delivery of any of the jacket + the indiegogo story are a totally different story that appeared to me the last 5 days!
@christophe brun you change your tune pretty fast. nov 30 2015 congratulation to the all team ! 1-2 months delay is nothing to complain about, the comments below are just from assholes who have never work hard in their life. dec 25 2015 i just reported the project to kickstater for post-funding issues. the creator is not communicating and the project status is unclear.
@christophe brun did you remember to deduct the kickstarter & credit card processing fees?
the only thing i'm seriously concerned about is the chinese landslide (random recent article - http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-12-26/safety-breaches-caused-shenzhen-landslide-chinese-govt-site/7054784) effecting the product or process.  does anyone have any information on this?
christophe they hired at least 3 people back in august.
@rolts i read this page already, we don't learn much except that they took risks with their project ! good for them, it worked and now they are on the way to success their story. i might not be a good entrepreneur, but still i'm not that stupid to understand that the 10m$ are not for personal salary.  however, now they are facing a big deal, how to make 45000 ppl happy by delivery good products as soon as possible. it means they are 2 options: - they try to do the best they can w the 10m$ they got by trying to keep the backer community happy and informed ... and try to deliver the product as the best time they can. (i hope they are doing it right now even if we have no clues about it since they don't update us :/) - they take another risk, look for investors or partnership to hire ppl, grow up their team, build an even more amazing product and turn everyone happy... which will mean more order in future for them. it seems that they are not following any of the 2 options right now: - no proper update - no delivery on time - keeping the community upset ... if they keep going like this, easy to tell that their company won't last for long :/
@rolts i read this page already, we don't learn much except that they took risks with their project ! good for them, it worked and now they are on the way to success their story. i might not be a good entrepreneur, but still i'm not that stupid to understand that the 10m$ are not for personal salary.  however, now they are facing a big deal, how to make 45000 ppl happy by delivery good products as soon as possible. it means they are 2 options: - they try to do the best they can w the 10m$ they got by trying to keep the backer community happy and informed ... and try to deliver the product as the best time they can. (i hope they are doing it right now even if we have no clues about it since they don't update us :/) - they take another risk, look for investors or partnership to hire ppl, grow up their team, build an even more amazing product and turn everyone happy... which will mean more order in future for them. it seems that they are not following any of the 2 options right now: - no proper update - no delivery on time - keeping the community upset ... if they keep going like this, easy to tell that their company won't last for long :/
it is end of december now. can we have an update on the december delivery?
@lskshmi yokoyama: you haven't been waiting since july 2015. your pledge wasn't collected until september, the funds were not passed to baubax until almost october, which meant orders for 85000 jackets couldn't be placed much before october. clearly, november delivery was going to be problematic. this was addressed in update 13. this update was also emailed to all backers via their primary kickstarter email. until there is another update,we can only assume the information stands.  the creators had two choices to either laboriously address fb post repeating the same information that they have provided here, and get the same complaints from those who confuse kickstarter with an online store or expend their energy in completing the project. i'm hoping they chose the second.
@christophe brun: actually they have the 10m$ to a) buy fabrics b) pay manufacturers to produce their designs c) pay for packaging and handling d) pay couriers to ship product and that is before they draw wages for themselves, pay for travel to negotiate/communicate with manufacturers, and then maybe start employing staff to cover secondary priories. if you want to know more about this read the article linked below. http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427 for some reason you think that the baubax team have a person bank balance of 10m$. this is not money they have earned, it's not a salary. the money that amounts to pre-orders. they have to be paid for. go read the article from the link.  that said, more frequent communication would calm many nervous backers.
i tried to leave a message on fb and it says "this person is not receiving messages from you right now"! well jeez if we got better more specific updates then i wouldn't have to try to reach out through fb. i have been waiting since  july 2015. the 1st fb message i sent i got a tart reply which did not really answer the question of when the product was shipping----- so basically i gather from these comments that we all are really in the dark as to when we will see the worlds best jacket?
@rolts the large amount of backers is not an excuse. if i earn 10m$, first thing i do is to hire at least 2 persons for 1year to support me on the task..
@ david: well done for patience and efforts to respond.
@seher: until recently you could change address using the steps posted below. it is quite possible that now addresses are in the hands of the delivery logistics group. if that is the case, you may need to arrange for someone to forward your reward to your new address. here are the steps provided by the creator, but remember this is old information.  : repeating a post by the creators: "if you need to change your delivery address, please follow the following steps.  1. login to your kickstarter account and visit our campaign page  2. scroll to the reward level that you have pledged for (the reward will appear in green)  3. click on the hyperlink to access your survey response  4. the survey response will give you an option to make changes to your shipping address  you can contact baubax at support@baubax.com for assistance."  please note: this is old information and may not work now
@ soo; 45000 backers. many of them send requests to change rewards - sizing, styles and even male/female style change. then many more wanting to change delivery addresses due to moving residence or extended travel. as a result a pm to update status would be at the bottom of the baubax priorities, so i don't think it will be answered anytime soon. many of us would dearly like an update on production and delivery, but sadly nothing yet.
pls update the jacket status... sended pm but no reply at all
i've moved to a new address!!! how do i update the shipping address. of course this is assuming that i will receive my jacket one fine day hopefully
pj that update was specific to indiegogo backers.  kickstarter backers got the equivalent update on nov 30.  like it or not you have the shipping schedule. there is really no reason for them to sit on the news of more delays unless baubax likes to space out their patronizing business 101 lectures.
i find it interesting that the baubax team can find the time to make updates 5 days ago their page on indiegogo.com that any orders made before dec 20th will be shipped by the end of january.  if you can make an update on your secondary crowd funding page, it's not difficult to make an update on your primary crowdfunding page.  i understand delays and being overwhelmed, but i am upset about the extreme lack of communication here on ks.  i also agree with the sentiment that the last update was absolutely unprofessional offering jackets at reduced pricing when backers are being kept in the dark about the delivery of their initial orders.  in addition, why would i help spread the word about a product that no one has laid eyes on.  when i recommend an item, my friends and peers take my evaluations seriously and feel they are making a more informed purchase.  i can not, with good conscience, recommend something i haven't seen or something i am not sure will even arrive in a timely fashion.  my reputation is more valuable than being a marketing tool for an unproven start-up company.
@liu chang @lyml00 @kelvin pinky yeo based on their updates, we will not be getting the jackets anytime soon. and with the chinese new year, it will probably add on more to the delay. they may deliver our jackets afterall, but the damage to their reputation due to their lack of proper communication and pr will stay with them forever. with the amount of funds they are playing with, proper and good comms is the least of expectations.
when can i get my jacket ,  expected november  till now no reply or message ? is it a scam ?
什么时候能收到我的夹克？do  you knw？
when can i get my jacket？i live in china.have you shipped？
@sean there's that small [report project] button below, it may help get their attention.
they are overworked. i would categorize it more as over paid.  these guys are just jerks even if they do eventually ship. karma is a bitch. they will pay for their lack of integrity and concern.
they'd be lucky if they did get coals. i imagine them to try and sell the coal for profit. like "world best coal ever" or something...
@ rolts, @ great mountain - yes, it may be warm (hot) in australia since it's summer there, but we celebrated christmas today in birmingham, al with temps of 75 degrees f (24 c). that's about 20 degrees above normal. @ everyone - do you think baubax got lumps of coal in their christmas stockings this year?
i just reported the project to kickstater for post-funding issues. the creator is not communicating and the project status is unclear.
i suggest to contact our lawyers and start to press charges, probably the money is long gone and we will never see the jackets we paid for... anyone received what she / he paid for?
well at least it's news we will not be receiving anytime soon, so we can just give up waiting and let it appear at our doorstep at some random unknown day lol
merry christmas peeps! know the jackets are taking kind of long, just hope that the quality will be good!  cheers!
thx for your christmas wishes @rolts & @owen lol!  thanks gin for your update.  looks like we'll never see the jackets now.  i'm going back to my ham and mince pies.  might as well enjoy christmas in brilliant sydney weather.  no need for jackets ... ; )
wheee. @regulars.someone jusst filed a complaint to the ftc in america i think about baubax. saw this on indiegogo.
and i just moved house how do i contact them to change address?
merry christmas, dont need a jacket over here as well
@jennifer @melissa @gin @great mountain @ibrahim @bruce @sharon @steve and everyone else merry christmas!!!! have a wonderful weekend!!! (stolen and modified to include sharon, from sharon....i was too lazy to type it out myself. :p)
@gm so nice!!!! i haven't seen real snow before!!!! enjoy building a snowman!!!
if there is an award for that latest update, it would win the worst product update ever.
frankly it's so warm here this christmas (just outside philadelphia) that i'm in shorts, t-shirt and sandals... i really don't need a jacket right now!!!
@rolts: it's -13c here, and snowing. and on that note, since people have arrived, i'm going to eat some food. :d
@jennifer @melissa @gin @rolts @ibrahim @bruce @sharon @steve and everyone else merry christmas!!!! have a wonderful weekend!!! (stolen and modified to include sharon, from sharon....i was too lazy to type it out myself. :p)
@jennifer thank you, a blessed christmas to you. @the rest, have a enjoyable christmas holiday
happy holidays everyone and i've wondering since they said they sent there first shipment it last week has anyone receive anything yet just wondering? i've been reading the comments and i see that the answer is probably no but he maybe someone was lucking enough to get something.
merry christmas, its hot here, 37 c.
@jennifer @melissa @gin @rolts @ibrahim @bruce @gm @steve and everyone else merry christmas!!!! have a wonderful weekend!!!
thanks @m.a. i'm so happy i got my dp too fr peak design on christmas eve. happy christmas to you @m.a and all the regular commentators @rolts, @gin, @melissa, @sharon (thank you for keeping us backers sane throughout this campaign) and to every other baubax backer. let's all just take a step back from ks and baubax this christmas weekend and enjoy it without the angst fr this project spoiling it. merry christmas everyone!
@tara and niki- yes! @all y'all- merry christmas!!!  leo's first christmas. :)
nothing like a merry christmas, here is a link to our greeting card....also buy more of our jackets before you received your initial orders, email. i can't wait to receive a fall/winter style jacket by the spring/summer lol. i understand it's a startup company, but the communication between the company to its backers is absolutely atrocious. i don't want to receive false "update" emails, only actual updates.
while it is frustrating that my fiance doesn't have his big christmas gift yet, i am remaining patient. the delays mean better quality product. if i'm going to spend the money to back someone and they say, "hey, this product is awesome!" i definitely don't want old navy quality showing up on my doorstep.
lots of people asked for something from the company to show that they had backed this project in hopes of having it in time for christmas so that the intended recipients had something to give those people. they come through, although admittedly a little late, with that request and everyone slams them for it? i agree that giving a discount on additional items when we haven't received the first one is a bit insulting, but come on! they are a start up company that became more successful then they could have imagined and they are trying to cope with that in the best way possible. like many others have stated, you did not purchase anything. you backed a project with the promise of getting a reward in return. shipping dates are estimated, they did not have these 'in stock' before concluding with the campaign so there isn't a warehouse somewhere full of them waiting to be shipped. i have backed several projects that weren't nearly as popular and they shipped late. it just happens. i think with the amount of backers they did receive and the amount of items they need to make having a delivery in march is going to be great. we all backed because we liked the product. for me, that hasn't changed at all. let's all just relax a little and enjoy the holidays. i'm sure that everyone that was supposed to get this as a gift will love you just the same if they have to wait a while to get it. if not, if the people you wanted to give this to don't love you anymore because you didn't give them a gift when it was absolutely not your fault, then that is an issue for you to deal with.
havent bothered readinf the latest updates, but, @ rts;sharon;mel;gm;bruce;jenchong and others, merry christmas!
@rolts- if you look at his comments to the other projects he's backed- he request refunds from nearly everyone.  strange though - we both backed the hydaway- that was supposed to deliver in june, but i just got mine yesterday.  the creator did let us know, however, that his original manufacturing plant was shut down and he had to start over.
my advise, hire  a pr manager. your communication is desastrous at best and insulting at worst. just own up to it and give a realistic estimate. you will see that the majority of people are quite understanding of such things. none of the bs of test batches that woll go out and never do. none of the yadda yadda. here ill even write it for you : dear backers, we are terribly sorry but we are delayed. at current we cant give you an estimate as to when we will deliver. here a few pictures from the production  facilities. all the best , baubax
@jennifer cheong yeah, same for me. what impressed me about them was how they responded to us inspite of the small hiccup they had which caused abit of backer fire. they are not perfect but they did so well, most backers are willing to let the "bad" go. truly exemplary and the standard to follow. wow i am so happy you got your dp (dream pack) right before christmas. good for you :) yeah, baubax has been really scoring their own goals and this recent update really did it. i sincerely hope they wake up from their slumber, for their own sake.
@m.a. yes, peak design's professionalism is the standard for me and they have been brilliant despite a few mistakes but at least they own up to it.  not sure what you mean by d.p. but if you're referring to the bag and pouch and all my accessories, i received them all today, christmas eve.  with baubax, i'll be happy if i we receive something by april and if not, some proper updates please! stop kicking own goals baubax, listen to your backers and communicate with them from time to time, answer the pertinent questions, that's all we ask.  no bank is going to fund any of your future operations if this is how you conduct business.  that's just the reality of it.
` what a great update !' good job baubax you definitely make us angry  tell me something i don't know
the last real update is almost a month ago...just give an update of how things are coming along...just anything, i find the whole behind the scenes stuff interesting...not this bullshit and then a discount for jacket's we haven't even tried yet
@ joachim garraud: as a backer of multiple projects and a creator of a current one, you would be well aware that there are no refunds unless a project is unable to deliver. delay doesn't equate to being unable to deliver.
refund please. with no news from you it's looks like a swindle. i was supposed to offer this jacket as a christmas present.
@jennifer cheong i could not have put it better. i guess you're missing pd's professionalism? haha! have you received the d.p. that you are waiting for?
as mentioned before, i don't care that our jackets will be delivered late. it was inevitable and baubax showed their inexperience with their overly ambitious timelines. everyone gets it and that's ok. however, the lack of updates/communication is unforgivable and is damaging what little they have left of their reputation.  this non-update posted on christmas eve was insulting and just plain greedy.  the gall they had to ask backers to buy more when they have delivered nothing to date is astounding!  i don't think anyone can dispute that baubax are a bunch of deaf and blind ostriches with their heads buried in the sand.
@viet the recent update is the update lol
an update would sure be a nice gift for the meantime :p
i had to read their cheesy "greetings" a few times to really believe this is all i got instead of an update. i, for one, as an entrepreneur, never believed their original timeline, as i was 100% sure they won't be able to deliver that quick. none of the several other projects i have backed in ks delivered on time. none. i gave baubax the benefit of the doubt for their very ambitious deadline because they seemed to be new in the startup game... but lack of useful and informative updates plus the "please buy more" while they are "overworked" greeting card was very unprofessional to say the least.  i highly doubt that they even bother to read these messages. we are just blowing off steam by posting our dissatisfaction here.  baubax folks- if you really like to stay in business, you need to learn the basics of communicating with your backers/customers. sigh!
@sharon whether they deliver it after or before christmas does not matter, but boy do they need to work on their pr and comms. this recent update really blew it, not because of the christmas greeting, but the idea and proposal to us to buy more jackets while claiming they were "overworked". while i am sentimental about how tough they are having it, i always took that article with a pinch of salt when it could have been just a rhetorical move/grandmother story to win us over and to buy them some time. merry christmas baubax and its about time reality gave you a wake up call.
@gm i'm also not gonna be helpful this time, with such an update....... they(baubax) just made themselves looked stupid......
@rolts @melissa @gin @steve @ibrahim @bruce sorry but this time i gotta join in with the rest like someone who only backed one ks project. omg!!! what kinda update is that??? when i saw an update from u, i was hoping for some news abt delay of jackets, or shipping did not go well with the trial run etc etc. i have no idea that it would be some christmas cards!!!! why in the world did u ever give such update?? it wasn't useful at all!!! can't u give some more useful info like how's production going? i don't mine all the jackets i've backed won't be on time, i have never minded before. but...... this update? there is no info at all!!!! this update only frustrate everyone!!! including me!!! coz it has no information that i need at all!!! i seriously don't mind if ur update states that shipping will be delay due to blah blah blah issue. but this update says nothing about production or delivery!!!! so why update us? might as well u keep quiet and send an update when u have real info!!! ok guys..... i'm done screaming. feel better now.
@creator settle you existing orders first before thinking of making more money. some responsibilities supersede filling your greedy pockets.
where is my jacket??
wow monita. hostile much? read update 13. relaxxxxx.....
@ andrew raharjo tsai: hi andrew, the project being referred to was found to be fraudulent, and broke kickstarter's requirements for creators.  this project, however, has given clear if infrequent indicators that production is occurring but delivery is delayed. those backers who have backed a number of projects on this platform are aware that "schedule slips are about as unavoidable as death and taxes".  delays of 6 months are common. non-delivery of ks projects are a fairly low %. those that seem to be screaming loudly, are in general first time backers, nervous because of the delay, impatient for delivery, some disappointed anticipated christmas gifts are delayed. there are several reasons for this; believing estimated delivery is set in concrete, confusing backing with buying, and the readily apparent "i want my demands met immediately and nothing other than meeting my demand is acceptable." could this have been avoided? i believe part of the problem is due to its massive success. it has attracted a large number of people who are clueless about crowdfunding and choose not to inform themselves. this is not easily resolvable. the other issue has been communication. if there had been more frequent updates from the baubax team, much of the angst current visible here may have been defused. running late is far more acceptable if the creators give reasons why and let backers know how they are addressing the issues.  hindsight is all well and good. let's hope baubax adjust their communication to slow some of this harsh criticism.  kickstarter won't get involved unless it appears that the project won't deliver. there is no indication that this is the case.
@rolts- i feel you.
@natalie-  we all agree with you.  communication needs to be better.  the more you communicate- it puts people at ease, even if there are many delays and issues.  i've had creators discuss shipping issues, manufacturer issues-  and i think if the creators of this project said "we weren't happy with the quality.  we want it perfect before shipping" we'd all understand.   i have had creators talk about personal family issues that have caused a delay.   i think it would have helped a lot to be more transparent on this campaign.  people like to be informed. i just don't like the mob mentality of people demanding refunds, claiming scam/fraud, and declaring that their winter/travel plans/christmas has been ruined by these people.  it's extreme.  no- delays should not be the norm for kickstarter. i've also had great projects that show up on time or ahead of schedule.  but this campaign was a huge undertaking.  i think people need to cut them a little slack.  (again- yes- the creators need to speak up more)  and it's hard for me to see people using christmas in a fight.  isn't it supposed to be a happy holiday spent with people?  i'll stop before i get to hippie one love on here!
@rolts: i'm not familiar with funded project but they didn't deliver in the past. i put my trust with baubax they will deliver in some "time", not now maybe 2016 that i'm assuming. do you think they will go with the same path with http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/06/feds-take-first-action-against-a-failed-kickstarter-with-112k-judgment/ like brandt mentioned ? if so, then what is going to be an adjustment from kickstarter ? most of the backers are asking for refund. i just want to know how far this project going to give the backers liability
i find it surprising that seasoned kickstarter backers here are basically saying the rest of us are a bunch of whiners who expect too much from a startup project. look, i am not shocked at the delay, nor am i expecting a refund. what i am pissed about, and i suspect many others here are too, is the lack of communication between the baubax team and the backers. like it or not, they are answerable to many people because they've received 9 million in fundig. that's shitloads of money and the least they can do is to be honest and responsible enough to update us regularly - even if there are more delays. as of now, it just doesn't seem like they are sincere in shipping the jackets as early as possible, and only give rhetorics like "we plan to ship your jackets when we can" instead of a new projected timeline. the last one was last month. even then, there wasn't any news of the rest batch after. basically, no one knows what the hell is going on. doesn't take a seasoned backer to know that this team needs to communicate more frequently and effectively with their backers to sooth everyone's concerns.
@ baubax there is no follow up update on delivery date and you are asking people to buy more of your jackets when you have yet to delivery the 1st batch of order. you said you are overwork and you are asking us to buy more!?!? i see you enjoy to be "overwork" right??? delivery our order to us first us before getting to buy more of your jackets and save your e-card!!! i believe many backers don't see the sincerity of your greeting and many are more concern on the delivery then to buy extra jackets! if that is how sincere you are to your backers, i pretty sure that i will not back any of your future projects for ignoring our main concern.
brandt, that kickstarter was a legitimate case of creator fraud.   when he announced the cancellation of the project he made the mistake of admitting that he'd used the money for both personal use and attempts to finance other business ventures.  that provided the basis for the legal action and had nothing to do with the "delays" that were announced over the course of the project.
when r we receiving the jacket????? it was meant to be delivered by nov, 2015 is coming to an end and we got nothing but email and emailssssss. i dont think this is acceptable, if you can't deliver as promised, don't commit.  this is really frustrating!!!!!!!!!  this is not our problem at all, when we back this project, we thought u guys are capable and worth the support.  what are u giving us now!? i will definitely not recommend this product to anyone.  the only thing i can say is service standard not up to par, horrible horrible horrible!!!!!!!
@carol should of been more specific. it's happened on a past kickstarter that didn't deliver. here's the article carol http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/06/feds-take-first-action-against-a-failed-kickstarter-with-112k-judgment/ interesting read
has anyone received any sort of shipping confirmation for the december shipments? i was hoping to find out whether things had been further delayed but when i sent an email to support@baubax.com asking whether the december shipments had gone out and when the january shipments would go out all i got in response was a couple meaningless platitudes and a "we'll let you know when yours has shipped" neither of which answered either of my questions. all it would have taken for the first question is yes/no the december shipment has/hasn't gone out.
@ amanda slade & amanda: to contact baubax - support@baubax.com good luck, i think their email will be getting smashed. @ those who are upset about delayed delivery, to quote a backer on another kickstarter project that is similarly delayed: "schedule slips are about as unavoidable as death and taxes. no one is going to die if this doesn't ship for another couple months." @ those saying jacket wearing weather is almost over; only in your hemisphere. this ships globally. @ those wanting a refund: no, you won't get one. read what you signed up for.  @ those threatening to sue: read what you signed up for. your ignorance is not the basis for legal threats. @ melissa: couldn't help myself.
does anyone have the email to contact customer support? i remember seeing it here before.
with all the grumpy posts, i can no longer find the link to update the mailing address as we are moving. i'd also like to know it i can change my order as my husband just kindly* informed me he doesn't want it, so i wanted to change to a female one.
really baubax?!?!? not cool. no updates on items already purchased but asking backers to spend more and continue to promote a product that was promised mid november. this is my last "kickstater" and at this point i would rather a refund so i can buy my family a real jacket instead of a paper promise. this is not the way to do business. sincerely, disappointed in december
hello everyone. still i not received my order.
this is a very irresponsible update....i confer with the previous comments how this tasteful your pr dept is in sending this farce of a greeting card and more appalling that your offering us 'more discounts' on an already discount merchandise never received.  we need transparency!  is eta still 3-4 months as per email response from customer service last month and more do why is there a delay - manufacturing issues, test failures, you spent all our funding and didn't produce any jackets?
i'm amazed at how selfish some of you are. want want want. me me me. honestly, if you didn't expect anything you would have nothing to be disappointed about.
waiting, waiting.................... where's my jacket sydney g, you're funny and probably fragile  ;)
@kenneth: may the force be with you :-)
i'll take a refund. you can keep the ecard.
@obi-wan kenobi they are seducing us to the dark side of the force! ... sorry couldn't help it x_x
what a ridiculous update. not just asking the backers to promote your products on social media in form of a christmas card so you can sell more jackets and then on top of that asking your backers who are all yet to receive their items to buy even more at marginally reduced prices.  what a great way to deal with your backers
so how do we get a refund..?
count me in as one of the many appalled that your way of making ammends to us for missing the deadline for arrival is a pointless e-card and an offer to buy more jackets at a minimally discounted price. how stupid do you think we are? i certainly am not going to buy more of something i have yet to receive or have seen any physical proof of whaf the actual end product looks like. at this point you should be sending free add-ons like blankets for all the people who have yet to receive a jacket which is um all of us. it is highly offensive to try to fleece us for more money as your compensation for a missed delivery date.  you knew going into this that by setting a november delivery date people were buying these for holiday gifts. i know gifts aren't the most important thing but this has just taken a distasteful turn to offer backers an opportunity to buy more jackets two days before christmas when they don't have the ones in hand they purchased for christmas. like fellow commentors i understand delays. but to first set your delivery date in november willingly then this last minute e-card and discounted buying opportunity debacle you've only upset backers more. shame on you.
wow, trying to be patient here but please get your pr in order. sending us some e card thing a day before christmas instead of giving us a situation update is pretty distasteful, and to add insult to injury you still want us to buy more jackets? i was never expecting the jackets to arrive on time, just be professional and give us the facts: how did the test run go etc.
@sydney-+1. perfect. :)
when i saw update #14 in my inbox, i think my eyes lit up like i was getting ready to find a red ryder bb gun under my tree. found bunny pj's instead. *sad trombone*
@rolts-  yeah.  i know.  i just hate all the harsh comments.  annoyed and frustrated i get.  but the "you ruined christmas!" just really upsets me.  you have family and friends, a warm home, money to buy gifts like this.  the whos down in whoville still sang out.  let's get some perspective.
concrete question begging for a concrete answer: i am a #2 backer ("windbreaker") with initially november shipping date. we will be celebrating xmas in two days!!!!! hence: 1) when/was will the item be shipped? 2) when - more or less - can i expect to receive it here in mexico? thanks.
the stall continues. i imagine the products will never clear customs. i am waiting for the next excuse. i wonder what chemicals are in the product. the inventory is probably the samples shown on the dummies in the prior update. no wonder the used kickstarter instead of " shark tank" to raise money. the sharks would have put an end to this nonsense.
i certainly would appreciate an update akin to this indiegogo one provided by baubax two days ago. i'm less experienced with ks; however, delays do not bother me at all, as i understand the concept. i've recently backed the bull rest travel pillow and the stark contrast between their clear and frequent updates and baubax's minimal and vague communication is illuminating. i won't receive the pillow likely until the summer and that's fine, because i'm in the loop; i just wish that baubax would communicate honestly and openly with backers. silence and silly emails are not cool. https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/world-s-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-baubax#/updates
i really don't care much for your e-cards, as i'm not living in 1996 anymore. however, an update for the product i bought would be way more appreciated...... it should have been a christmas present, maybe it will be for 2016.
nothing achieved since last update, not even a single photo showing the package means nothing shipped in your pilot shipping, you know we are more happy to see you actual start shipping than an ecard with more sales promotion. at lease tell us your partners were not affected by shenzhen landslide ........
update #14 is basically saying "hey, we don't have anything for you yet, but why don't you give us more money so we can have more reasons to delay your jacket even further?" i will be patiently waiting for my shipment. please do update the latest shipment dates on your next update, as your "ecards" does not provide us with any information.
why are indiegogo backers getting special treatment?
kickstarter is not a storeeeeee.  these posts are ridiculous haha. it'll come when it comes.
@ melissa, "great mountain", sharon, gin, steve, ibrahim, et al: woke up to an update and this avalanche of venting. i agree with "great mountain", i'm going to stand back and let the comments be. i think the only way this will calm down quickly would be a shipping update and we can't contribute meaningfully to that. have a great christmas. ɹǝpun uʍop ɯoɹɟ sɐɯʇsıɹɥɔ ʎɹɹǝɯ
well, i was about to suggest that update #14 went down like a lead balloon, but actually lead balloons *can* float - unlike that update. to summarize: pointless e-card (the jacket wasn't a gift anyway), no explanation for what's happening, and a hollow apology that's actually just a sales pitch. i think everyone saw straight through that one. had you posted a meaningful update alongside that request, maybe i might have considered it, but i'm afraid you've now burned those bridges. unless of course you want to make a genuine apology.
been trying to refrain myself my commenting until i read your #14 updates. wanted to get this jacket as a christmas present initially as my friend would be flying frequently in the month of december. with no shipment date being mentioned in the latest update,  my worst prediction would be that you would be delivering the jackets to the asia countries in the month of february so that we could give it as chinese new year present rather than christmas present?? please kindly update your campaign page where you have stated "delivery date : nov 15"
this is a joke. very disappointed with the missed delivery promise
seriously baubax? a discount to buy more jackets when we haven't even held one in our hands. had to rely on scottevest at the last minute to get a jacket for my upcoming trip. happy holidays to the team.
i've kept quiet because i know that a kickstarter campaign can be hard and because everyone else is saying what we are all thinking. hell, i've been crazy understanding about the delays. after getting your "apology" christmas card, however, i have to put in my two cents. let me get this straight, your apology and "way to make it up to us" is by saying now jackets will slightly be on sale? not the ones we bought and haven't received, but any other jacket? and not just for backers, but everyone? we haven't even received our original order, why would we buy more? not only are you basically saying to buy more of what we've never received, your "discounted" items are going for the same (or even less) than the kickstarter campaign. on second reading, i think what you were trying to get across is that you can give this card to those you were going to give the jacket as a present, saying it's on its way. this was not communicated well and the lack of appreciation in your "token of appreciation" was a slap in the face. "i know we messed up, but give us more money!" is not a token of appreciation.
@creeper: i am thinking, that for a little while at least, i'm going to back away from this comment board, and let it run rampant. i know it won't help, as baubax doesn't even look at these here, but it will let people vent, and sometimes that's all that is needed. also, we miss you over at ek.
@ carol - even a first year law student would know that there is absolutely no case here (or anywhere on kickstarter really). plus no lawyer would take a case that would pay nothing.
dear baubax, i hope you guys realized that you really botched this one up. yes, we as consumers bought in on a project that was still developing, but we bought in on a promise that we would receive this in a reasonable time frame and fashion. your #13 update gave us a clear timetable of your action plan and we as the consumers had expectations for a more useful and informative #14 update. your update today not only did not provide us any status update on whether or not your "trial run of shipping out 2000 jackets" even happened, but was viewed by us as a deflection and it was quite honestly disrespectful. why would we ever share this with my friends when many of us ordered these for friends and family. this has been a great disappointment and i hope your team makes good on your january promise.
i wasn't realistically expecting the jacket to be in my hands by the november deadline like they said it would be. even though this is my first official backed project on kickstarter i'm familiar with the process and delays. however, the lack of communication from the creators is disturbing, especially considering how much money they have collected. all we know is the jackets will be shipped out in batches from now until february, but the criteria for this has not been shared. we don't know if production is going well, if the jackets are coming out alright, or if there are any other issues we should be aware of. seriously, you can't be so busy that you can't spare 10min to write up an update answering the questions that hundreds of people are asking on here
merry christmas everyone, and dear baubax, merry christmas to you too, it's unbelievable that you asking us to buy more jacket, with your great customer service and good communication, i said, no thanks, but makes me wonder...... is there any problem with the current design? and you need to gain more fund to continue the production?
lol.  that was an update?  i bet they aren't even reading these comments.  let me see, no update production and estimated delivery times, yet you want me to send you even more money for a product i have no idea at this point if i will ever see it?  and kickstarter isn't to be seen as a pre-order vehicle, yet this is what we get from it?  even your supporters will have a hard time defending you with this one. how about an honest to goodness update on our current investments and our expected return on that investment (which is what kickstarter is supposed to be about)?  i cannot honestly refer anyone to this company at this point, let alone spend any more money on them.
hiya gm! yeah- i just did a "eeeeesh" when i read update thinking- this is not gonna be fun...   while a lot of us expect delays, many first time backers are gonna be pissed.  and no new updates on shipping is gonna...  oof.   i just had another creator from a different project send out an email explaining all the logistics with shipping and how never in his wildest dreams did he imagine it would be so complex.  it was nice to have him spell it out for us.  he was delayed a few months.  received the item today.
the sentiment is nice but it is a bit difficult to summon enthusiasm to buy additional jackets and/or promote your product to our friends having yet to lay eyes on the actual product.
okay, this is actually one update i can not refute the anger/annoyance coming from. it honestly is saying(to me at least) "give the person who was supposed to get this an e-card, then spend more money to see a new update". i won't challenge anyone who has issues with this update, as honestly, it didn't answer any questions that could, and should, have been answered.
hi,  that's the most ridiculous update, it includes no helpful information at all. i ordered these jackets in august, for shipment in november. i did not expect them in november as i've funded before and know things run behind. i have a trip booked in february and these jackets are pointless to me if i don't receive them in time. i did expect them by christmas as that is 7 weeks later than the original scheduled date. but if they are not here by february i don't want them. angela
so my order is so late i have missed a season of wear and you send me an ad to sell more jackets? may i have an update on my order please?
lol @brandt... what lawsuit?  are you a law student or something? get a grip.
the gift card was cute. it's appreciated. but honestly more updates would be better appreciated. i know y'all are overworked, but this sparse communication is obviously making a lot of people uneasy or upset.
while i appreciate the printable gift card, i hope you can update the shipping estimates.
it would be great if the creators can send an update about what they're doing or not doing. radio silence is the worst.
what's absolute bullshit is the fact that they have made this much money and can't get it out on time. there was a lawsuit for no items shipped by deadlines set and i'm quite sure there might be one in the making. they won that lawsuit by the way
@sharon: i'm just tired of people not even trying to look for an answer that quite possibly has been answered within the last 5-10 comments, or in the last update which, as they should be able to tell if they actually look at their email accounts, gets sent to the email associated with their kickstarter account.
@gm some 1st time backers never knew u can check their profile!!! lol..... don't go so hard on them. lol..... i can't stop laughing!!!
@akshay: that would only be true if people have received the shipping email. which, as of this point in time, there is no evidence of such.
hey when's my jacket coming, any updates? thanks
most of the items are shipped as of 12/21 so people should start receiving them soon!
@brittany: did you even see update 13? the late november eta was scrapped. new estimated shipping dates were sent out.
i'd really love a update on the expected eta of my order.  last i heard it was suppose to be late november.
@perry: that, i can agree with. an update would be nice, but i have a feeling it won't be coming until sometime next week, probably the 30th or 31st.
where is my jacket?
so they make 9 million on kickstarter and are now at almost 11 million on indegogo and no one has gotten anything. not even so much as an email since nov 30th unless you are part of their indegogo campaign. can we get some sort of actual update please?
@max: according to your profile, unless you have another that you use, this is the only project you've backed, and that's the only comment you've made.
someone got an email saying this "no refunds some will be shipped end of jan rest in february". paraphrased but yea. xd
donated back in july hoping for nov/dec delivery. very disappointed, especially after reading all the comments below. i don't back many things on kickstarter and this might be the last. they should be able to provide more information than they have. i thought buying this as a xmas gift for friends back in july was a smart idea. boy was i wrong :(
no jackets for christmas!!!
updates?
so, judging from other comments here, no one has received anything? and no one has any new updates beyond the previous "december" shipping schedule? i try to pop on here once a week to see if anything new is going on, and figured i needed to since i hadn't seen any new e-mails regarding "shipping".
does anyone know if i am able to change my shipping address? i am now moving before the jackets will be shipped.
damn, i will never get my jacket during christmas eve.!!!!!
i am getting a little uneasy with the insufficient communication about shipments, delays and way how this project is handled. i can see that the creators where overwhelmed by their success, but they seem to be forgetting where all the money came from in the first place!
got 2 hrs of sleep before leo decided to attack.  although it was cute to wake up and find that he took all his toys and moved them closer to me, curled up against me and fell asleep with toys as his brood.
@ melissa; only if you're in a strange building alone, at night, are deaf and being pursued by a maniac.
is the clap light still a thing? i'm too tired to get up to turn off light.  it needs to still be a thing.
@rolts: every time i read "one of us, one of us" it makes me reminiscent of the ek campaign gm and i were on.  every time someone mentioned the kitten corps, or our incessant commenting, we'd all start chanting it to get them to join. :). @anyone concerned about kitten-  i now sleep with a pile of toys next to me.  before bed i exhaust him with pipe cleaners.  then throughout the night, if he tries to kill my hand- we play half fetch.  he's not good at bringing back the toy- but he will play with it for awhile and the. comes back to chew my hand off at the wrist.
˙31 ǝʇɐpdn pɐǝɹ ǝsɐǝןd
@andrew good guess. let's just hope our creators are not 1 of the missing or injuried.... if i didn't remember wrongly their factories are in shenzhen but it's a big place so we do not know which part is affected.
@gin & ibrahim: * "˙˙˙˙ sn ɟo ǝuo 'sn ɟo ǝuo"
i don't really need the jacket here in texas as yet, but i would like it before my overseas trip in april 2016 i still think it is a great concept and look forward to getting the jacket when it finally arrives we don't really do christmas no little kid's, but i will go and see star wars now that is my chrissy gift to myself (dead center front row)
@maike m; i should have known, especially as my austrian friends always have family gatherings on the 24th.  @ gin: "one of us, one of us ...."
is this news http://www.scmp.com/news/china/society/article/1893533/shenzhen-landslide-27-still-missing-disaster-collapsed-22 related with their manufacturing ? as they said their manufacture in china or might be in shenzhen ? if it is then we might know the reason why there might be delay for delivery. i'm just guessing here
@rolts, it seems that you've created .... the under side.... i will join u guyssoon . prepare le cookies :d
jane button, shit happened on their end. manufacturing got delayed, which thus affected everything, and boom. we will not be getting any on christmas itself, but we wll definitely see it next year. it isnt a scam, it's just horribly delayed (because guess what? boom shakalaka we have some really "awesome" campaigner)
sounds as though no one has received anything to date. i really thought i had missed the delivery somehow. should have arrived for christmas. wondering if there will be any refunds or returns due to the delay.
@rolts slightly off topic but yes, here in germany we start christmas on dec 24th....i think christmas eve is the most important time here which you spend with your closest family and friends...25th and 26th are also important holidays but not as much as "heiligabend" *imo
juz wondering if any backers have received their jackets todate? delivery date stated on update #13 starting the week of dec 14th, they will start with a trial run of shipping out the first 2,000 jackets. someone somewhere in the usa should have gotten their jackets yes? not to mention me from south east asia will need to wait much longer. so is the scheduled for december delivery, during the week of dec 21st still stays or will there be another delay? just need to know that the shipping trial was ok and will proceed as scheduled or will there be a delay... baubax, kindly be responsible to update backers on status... we supported you for your vision so you should update the status of situations more often.
we'll probably get another update next week. they seem to be on a once a month cycle. some people obviously would like more often, others don't want more often, so it seems like a lot of the bigger kickstarter campaigns settle in on once a month.
wow no more updates?
also, @melinda, update 13 has more information as well, which came out back at the end of november.
@melinda: unfortunately, how early or late you become a backer has no bearing on when your order would ship. it is entirely up to three main factors:  1) the level you pledged at - some actually state(on some campaigns, not so much this one) that certain levels ship before others;  2) how much you have in your order - the more stuff they need to pack together, the longer it would take as it is considered a more difficult order;  3) the actual shippers - depending on what company/style of shipping used, it could take longer to get to you, or it could be within a week - or less - of when you get the shipped email @florian: update 13 for your questions.
dec. 22:  have not received jacket, and i was one of the first backers!  i wanted it for a christmas gift!
is there a single person who has received their december delivery?  if so, could you post a picture?   baubax has gone silent as they should have known to provide another update as they have been logging into the site.  i can see how they need a couple of million to fund their idea, but this is multi-millions, and they are quiet?  no comments allowed on fb anymore?  it is time to track down their physical location and see if the address is even real.
i've backed this campaign in september and answered the survey on october 1st. did anyone received a jacket already?
@rolts: it's currently -5c here. though, outside it looks warmer, with the snow outside my office window(yeah, i'm still working) melting a bit...damn deceptive weather.
agree with most- any kind of update would be nice. i was one of many hoping to have my jacket by christmas... :)
@ "great mountain", it's 9:00 am on the 23rd  here. our temperature today is going to be 35 degrees c today, 39 tomorrow. just had a walk along the beach, it's a great day. won't be needing a jacket for awhile. perhaps they ship to cooler climes first. :-)
@rolts: i should have also said on dec 22nd...not the 23rd. :p
@rolts: it's still 3:20pm here in canada's western regions.
@ ibrahim; here in australia, the jacket doesn't have a kitty pocket, it's for joeys.
baubax's pr team is pretty much non-existent. it's amazing how much they don't provide us with an update :/
@ bree; christmas is on the 24th? "the more you know." have a happy christmas regardless of the date.
expected delivery date was last month? was hoping you have this for christmas,  which is tomorrow :(
@sharon: ibrahim = "one of us, one of us ...."
@ibrahim i don't think u will get it in early jan as there seems to be some delay..... as till now there is still no news of the 1st 2000 being shipped. u will be moving nearer to @rolts and @steve!!!
last update was november 30th!  please treat all your backers right by providing a little bit of info in your update section. that's the least that could be done, even if it's not what we want to hear. at least we all wouldn't be developing negative attitudes toward your company. remember us??? we, the people that believed in you,pledged our hard earned money, to help baubax become the "most funded apparel" project on kickstarter! help us keep the faith in baubax. because i know i sure would like to know what is happening and not by digging through this comment section!
i'm curious to what mail services/company you chose to use...
@lynn: reading the last update(#13) may help with some of what you said.
when will these jackets be shipped? we need to have updates - a lot of us ordered these as christmas presents, and it seems like we have been scammed. we paid you, and have received no goods or services in return.
@david: true for this kickstarter. but for most, where there is no colour/style/size to choose from, it's based on those three factors.
owen, there's an additional factor to consider, namely what colours and sizes in a given style have been completed.
@sharon sorry for the late reply...  i'm outside in a mall now,  so i have internet...unlike my house. i'm actually moving to australia in early january, and i hope by that time,  it gets to the address i stated!  i'm so excited for it and i hope to get it asap...
@rachel: unfortunately, how early or late you become a backer has no bearing on when your order would ship. it is entirely up to three main factors: 1) the level you pledged at - some actually state(on some campaigns, not so much this one) that certain levels ship before others; 2) how much you have in your order - the more stuff they need to pack together, the longer it would take as it is considered a more difficult order; 3) the actual shippers - depending on what company/style of shipping used, it could take longer to get to you, or it could be within a week - or less - of when you get the shipped email
just checking in to see if anyone has received tracking information yet. i was one of the early backers, so i'm hoping to see a shipping notice soon! definitely learned my lesson about shipping time frames on kickstarter, but i'm still excited to get this jacket whenever it does finally come!
@bruce if he kept quiet, no1 will know he is here. but he want everyone to know who he is so he started to blah blah blah..... and for his action, i will tell all my friends never to buy from his company.
let's hope to hear from them by the end of the year. if not, everyone should call their local newspaper and try to find out where these guys are located. maybe, if someone knew the creators  in chicago, they could go ask them in person?  apparently, the ceo was interviewed by a paper in chicago.  i wouldn't hold my breath, but, drastic times, calls for drastic measures. i will be it until feburary until i start losing my cool.
@ sharon - interesting comment about scott jordan and my response to him. i had not made the connection between him and the scottsvest, or whatever it's called. however, i believe my comments had general relevance. will be busy the next three days, so if i don't get back on line - merry christmas to all!
see you all next year ...happy hangover ;-p
@lynette: until recently you could change address using the steps posted below. it is quite possible that now addresses are in the hands of the delivery logistics group. if that is the case, you may need to arrange for someone to forward your reward to your new address.here are the steps provided by the creator, but remember this is oldinformation. : repeating a post by the creators: "if you need to change your delivery address, please follow the following steps. 1. login to your kickstarter account and visit our campaign page 2. scroll to the reward level that you have pledged for (the reward will appear in green) 3. click on the hyperlink to access your survey response 4. the survey response will give you an option to make changes to your shipping address you can contact baubax at support@baubax.com for assistance." please note: this is old information and may not work now
hi, i now need to update my address due to the delay with shipping. can you please advise how this needs to be done?
alright, everyone to their time capsules to awake in mid-january!
@ gin; "the frustration is strong in this one". i'm think i'm wearing out the ctrl + v keys on my keyboard. thank goodness my profile comments are now a file of the replies i need to make. p.s. isn't his name scottevest jordan? or is it "tevest" to acquaintances?
@ sharon , people going "scam scam scam"; " i want my monies back", "refund rrefund refund!" , and no baubax people be there to control. hell, they(baubax)'ve even closed off their messaging function on facebook completely. @rolts, join us at the darkside and troll them. lol . but you gotta give brownie points to @scott jordan for effort, man. hell, at this rate, he seems to  be communicating more for baubax than for his own business, albeit at the cost/risk of his own company's rep (which isnt particularly good it seems? people complaining bout horrid customer service among others?). so for him to be this free to message here.. i guess business must be pretty relaxed eh? :p
@toni u can join in the kitty kidnapping and get sent to naughty corner by @rolts!!! lol.... @jennifer thanks for pasting the update here so at least now backers can't be saying that baubax is all silent and gone with their money!!! @gin what's happening on their facebook page?? @rolts save ur breath, if they are not gonna read update #13, let them be. or if they read and don't understand what was said then that's too bad for them. some people just enjoying screaming fraud/scam to make more new backers worry, we can't stop them from typing what they want, so just let them be. @bruce for who he is, he knows about production better than us and he is just trying to find trouble and make backers worry for nothing. he is just trying to put baubax down so more people will buy from him. his last comment was deleted by ks as he was trying to make sales here.
@ dharma poudel; please read update 13. it was posted 3 weeks ago and i believe emailed to all backers, at your linked kickstarter email account.
where's my jacket, guys? is it gonna come this year?
trying to save baubax's facebook page from meltdown. not even sure if it's worth it really.
@ mike kopak, thanks for your comment! i thought it was brilliantly written. @ jennifer , thanks for sharing!
re. update #13: "from your lips to god's ears!" :-)
does anybody know the shipping order? is it in order of backing, or regionally? i ordered a windbreaker (early!) but was a late backer (late!) however, i live in brooklyn, which as everyone's favorite place on the planet would probably receive its jackets first.
@ hadiazamain: please read update 13. it was posted 3 weeks ago and i believe emailed to all backers, at your linked kickstarter email account.
so disappointed with baubax. i thought it was already shipped and expecting it to arrived before christmas.
there's nothing really all that surprising about that indiegogo update.  its basically in line with what was posted in update 13 here - once they're done shipping kickstarter jackets in january they'll start shipping indigogo orders.
just got this update fr baubax via indiegogo.  pls note, i'm not from baubax just a backer like everyone else here sharing an update re our jackets. this may only apply to igg backers but from the looks of it us ks backers will need to be patient too. that's ok as long as there is some communication from them through some channel. ************** new campaign update! hello jennifer, the ‘world's best travel jacket with 15 features-baubax’ team just posted: 1 new announcement: hello contributors, we know that the following news is not what you would like to hear but the truth is that the volume of this project is too big to finish manufacturing in time, and to allow shipping all the jackets at once. hence, we have decided to ship the jackets in batches through the months of january and february. we appreciate your support and patience while we continue to work closely with our factories to produce and ship out the world’s best travel jacket for you all.  we understand that you may have bought our jackets as a holiday gift; however, due to the delay we will be preparing an e-greeting card to reiterate our passion and desire to create a product that you will love and share with your loved ones.  we’ll share the e-greeting card with you in a separate update. unfortunately we cannot offer any refunds as we are a startup and this is crowdfunding. the amount you had pledged has been utilized for manufacturing your jacket and the process is already underway. so far we have sent out the order confirmation surveys to our first 5000 contributors on the indiegogo campaign. the remaining contributors will be receiving their surveys later this week. note: all surveys will be sent through survey monkey, so please ensure that any email restrictions/blockers for this are removed to ensure you receive the email to complete the survey. important: all orders made prior to sunday dec 20th will be shipped by the end of january 2016. important: all orders placed after dec 20th will be shipped in february 2016. to assist you better, please direct all your questions/comments/concerns to our customer support team at support@baubax.com we sincerely apologize for the delays and really appreciate your patience and understanding. we will always be grateful to you all – our indiegogo contributors and early adopters, and can’t thank you enough for helping us bring this product to life. best, team baubax. reply directly to this email to respond to the campaign owner, yoganshi shah. visit the campaign page to view all comments and updates for this project. help spread the word about the campaign! fb_icon  twitter_icon  gplus_icon  email_icon sincerely, the indiegogo team
this site was logged into today by baubax.  if you push their logo, located top right of this page, it will show you who logged in from baubax and the date.  i am guessing we will get our jackets sometime in january.  can't even begin to imagine all the work and coordination involved in this detailed product offering. in the meantime, i am enjoying all the running commentary about naughty people and kitties.  thanks for the laughs!
@ scott jordan - i suspect we don't see many comments here from baubax because there is little of substance they can offer right now. probably nothing has changed or improved since their last update. also, several backers have taken on the responsibility here of trying to answer as many questions as possible, not necessarily with what people want to hear, but what is our best understanding of the situation. we all agree that better and more communications would be the right thing to do, but i doubt they have anything useful they can tell us at this moment. as someone else noted earlier, it's been three weeks since the last update. let's hope they have something useful to tell as soon.
is @baubax @creator even monitoring these comments? i noticed at the beginning at baubax was very responsive. wondering why they are radio silence... odd...
@jaden: sorry bud, but you are wrong. this is kickstarter - your money was a donation to help kickstart a new company into being - it's like providing seed funding. in return you're to receive a reward, in this case a jacket(s).  this is not a "retail" as you say, transaction and hence they have no legal obligation to deliver based on their initially estimated timetable. next time, before you commit your money, research what you're spending it on and how. not trying to be mean or a jerk to you, just make you realize that you're in the wrong here. this is a pretty normal situation for a kickstarter project - i've seen very few deliver based on their initial estimated timeline. these are newly formed companies that don't have a ton of experience or an established production and logistic chain to count on. they are figuring it out, dealing with 100x the orders they expected to get and so they're having to scramble a bit and adjust their plans.
@steve  thank you for your kindly introduction of kickstarter and explanation of their operation again. however, no matter how they decided to advertise it or how they decorate their business model, it is an retail activity fundamentally. i admire your patience and your support to the creators and i'd love to see more people like you to support our entrepreneurs. however, we also need different voices such as critiques we are providing to better align our best interests, and moreover, at least to make sure businesses honor their word. in this case, no matter how many updates they are providing and what excuses they have, they are two months late and still don't have a deliver date yet.  your allegation of they are not fraud is based on they actually delivered, and they have not. again, i called them fraud is because they did not deliver on the date they promised and they still have not delivered. the fact is they are certainly not two months late because they still have not delivered and will not deliver in a near future.  i am offended by their "2000 test run" because they don't have retail stores, which means they don't have to have their own logistic chain, which means they relay on existed mail system, which means there is not anything that could be tested, which means it is an excuse and they are not being honest.  finally, no matter how many asterisks i've used, imho, it is none of your business.
still surprised that we haven't heard anyone report that they got a shipping notice from the 2000 "test run" units. hope they didn't find some big qc issue... well, it's almost a month since the last update, so we should get another monthly status update soon.
@rolts lol!!!! u must have printed "bad guy" on ur forehead!!!!
@ melissa; thanks for explaining my status to miranda. i've lost count now of the number of times i've been confused with the creator team. sending leo a virtual tummy rub for allowing you time to respond to miranda.
sorry, i meant to say mid-december.
they said they made some trial shipments in mid-november. i'm wandering for any updates.
so, what's happening, nearing the end of the month?
delivery was never guaranteed-only estimated.
@javin: compensation, really? if every kickstarter project that didn't deliver by the preproduction estimated delivery date, kickstarter wouldn't exist.
hi baubax, could you please give us an estimated time frame when all your backers in different regions will get their jackets? claims by baubax have been made. however they have fallen short and could cause many to have their plans frustrated. is there any compensation or at least some news to let your anxious first customers know?
hi baubax team, it would be good if we can get some updates, whether we are still on time with your revised schedule? are you dividing your delivery schedules based on regions? for example: asia region might get it on certain date, us region on certain date and so on? how was the delivery test run? done succesfully? ready to deliver in bigger scale?
@john; there isn't currently any information regarding batches and individual orders available to us yet. nothing has been posted in updates or emailed from baubax since the last update.
i'm guessing if we've not gotten shipping confirmation, then they won't be arriving before christmas? and most likely in following months right? i've read update 13, so just inquiring how you know which batch our order is in? thanks!
@ kelvin pinky yeo; please see update 13. i believe this was emailed to all backers.
hey i was expecting the deliver on november , but till now , no news yet  message not replied pls do something
@melissa nah..... if baubax is shipping from china, u might not get it 1st!!! lol...... @gin is nearer to china than u!!!! so if both ship on the same day, he'll get it 1st!!!
so we all agree- right?  i'm going to get the jackets first?  :):):):)  nyc ftw!
@jean- thanks for the appreciation! i agree with rolts.  i try to choose carefully. i'm (just stopped for five minutes because a kitten was eating my hand).  i'm part of a group on facebook -backershub -people post a lot of great projects you may not have seen, which can be dangerous! i end up backing more than i intend to!  they're also really good at discussing the legitimacy of the project, whether or not similar things are already on the market, etc.  starting out i tend to avoid tech/expensive projects.  this along with the prynt are the two priciest things i've backed on here.  i like the wait.  even though it's annoying - we never have to wait for anything these days, so it's kind of fun when an item finally arrives!  and you get to talk to the creators directly- especially with smaller campaigns.  which is also why i think a lot of us on here are defensive of baubax.  we've seen what creators go through.  i've also made some fantastic friends through the comments. yes, including great mountain....even though he's canadian. :) kickstarter can be a lot of fun, if you're careful and choose wisely - and if you don't back with the intention of a specific date for delivery.  also -  if there's something you're interested in but unsure of - always best to back right away (especially if you can get an early bird price).  you'll receive updates, but can back out later if you change your mind.
@ibrahim oh.... after they get the jacket they still gave to mail it to u?? or u flying over australia to get it??
@melissa@rolts@sharon i actually put the address to my dad's friend in australia!  sydney,  specifically. i'll keep asking my dad if his friend got it yet lol i'm joining in haha i  hope i get it quick! i've been inactive a lot lately,  but that's because i haven't had internet!  right now i'm at someone's house so i do have internet,  but not at my house  :( also,  i hope they send out a video detailing every pocket of the jacket,  or one of the backers do!  that would be awesome :d  i can't hold in all the waiting and hype for this jacket!  honestly,  usually i don't care about clothing items at all,  but for this,  i'm so excited!
@ george bond brummer; please see update 13.
@ jean macdonald; it's great to see new backers grasping the key concept of crowd funding. the rewards can be brilliant but delivery problematic.  every project i've backed that has delivered rewards has been close to six months late in delivery compared to the original estimate, but i now have a brilliant safety razor from canada, a brilliant light for bike (both literally and figuratively), a great method for generating complex passwords for online use, and a magnificent propelling pencil of superb design. i have an indestructible and refillable note book in transit to me at the moment. i'm waiting for a 3d printer and my jacket. everyone of these has been worth the wait.  i must admit, i am careful with selecting projects to back. i look for innovation proposed by people that have either been involved with successful projects before, have appropriate skill sets and expertise and/or have a clearly reproducible prototype.  i've missed the deadline for three projects that i then pre-ordered or sourced from a reseller - the original pebble watch, fly pedals v2 and the titanium whiskey tumbler. kickstarter is an interesting "ride", the rewards worth waiting for, but the experience of following a project development is not to be under rated.
hi guys, i was expecting my jumper for november and still didn't get it...
thank you to the backers that have taken time to explain crowdfunding to the rest of us that didn't quite understand the concept and used it for christmas shopping. i would definately invest again but not for something that i needed for a specific date, now i understand how it works.
so no further clarification on the jackets and who is included in which order huh? i guess i'm a bit relieved that i live in texas so the cold weather tends to linger through the early parts of the year. plus i was planning on wearing this occasionally in the er where i work so i suppose i don't really mind waiting a bit longer. yawn, can't wait for my boxes!
@ sharon, mail to australia can vary a lot. somethings get here really quickly, before the tracking has updated to say the item is in the country, where as other things take for ever. hoping this will be quick, but with all of the christmas/holiday mail, i'm not holding my breath.
@melissa i will sure lose..... unless baubax start shipping from 10 down...... i have 6!!!! and it has a blazer in it..... @rolts for items to reach australia, i heard it's kinda slow? so even if they do send urs out, it might end up late? @tôn no, nobody got their jackets yet. if u ever read that @gin was wearing his, it was all a joke!! we were bored waiting for all our jackets that we joke to lighten things up. and now @melissa wanna play "who will receive jacket 1st" feel free to join in. this comment place have been taken over by backers!!! coz baubax says they will only reply email and not any comments here.
did anyone receive their jackets ???
now i'm going to shampoo the carpet, so i won't see leo in a year or so.
edit - i ordered one bomber, one hoodie.
*hadadealwithleo
stay away from my kitties, gin!!!  although i just gave leo his flea spray (some hippie natural crap that makes him smell like a camp trip)... he's kinda pissed and glaring at me from behind the christmas tree.  if you're going to strike - strike now.
island of mitten covered iron fisted democracy. 2 bombers. @bruce, it seems baubax has abandoned their facebook. scott e vest was there to jump in on the "yunodeliverbyxmas" bandwagon, among others . utter chaos there @sharon , shhhh. thats a secret deal i had with mel's kitties! they be having some underground kitty business xd
@melissa - in adelaide, south australia - 1 jacket - bomber style
sidebar - regulars- shall we bet on who among will receive theirs first?  i'm in nyc, but i also got a two-pack - jacket and hoodie.  same color, same size.
ltcherish - currently the only shipping info we have is the most recent update.  aside from that, you will be emailed a shipping notification once your item has been shipped.    in my experience, shipping info comes from an outside  source and oftentimes ends up in my spam folder.  i've also received the shipping notification after receiving the item!  not sure how baubax's shipping notification will work, though.
excuse me, could you please let me know where  i can find the shipping information?
@ maike - that is a reasonable request. i wouldn't count on it - at least until we get another update. i have not checked their facebook page recently, but they could do it there. we did get a couple of photos in update 12. i go back to it occasionally to see my black windbreaker that i selected. my wife and daughter's bombers are there also. with some luck, i may have them in time for valentine's day presents.
hey team baubax, would you please consider to upload some pictures of the final jackets?  thank you in advance!
@gin u mean to say u're wearing "hello kitty" jacket?? lol....
is there any shipping news or updates as nothing has been received and it seems they have stopped sending updates. very odd. i have backed many items on kickstarter and have never not received items or updates in timely fashion
@joy. sorry i dont think there is any way for us to know at this moment. our quiet campaigners be utterly quiet bout this
hi is there a way that we can know if we're part of the december or january deliveries? i have travel plans at the end of january and was wondering if i can get it by then. thanks.
@sharon, thats melissa's kitty's jacket tt im wearing. i had a deal with her kitties . ;p @rolts, bu.. bu... but i'm only 4! @kane, other than update 13, nopppeeee
do you have an update guys? also, people need to stop bitching. this isn't an online marketplace, it's an investor platform. if you want to buy something, go buy it, this is not that format. please do not rush the manufacturing baubax. i'd rather be delayed 6 months than have a second rate product at the end of the day.
@rolts i like it when u link "the 5 yr old" part to gin!!!! lol..... and btw, even amazon is not shipping on time at this time of the year!!! my amazon shipment, some are moving, some are not. lol..... as for my kickstarter, even creator have shipped out the item for me, they are still at usps and haven't been moving...... this always happen during yrs end where so many people start shipping anything and everything to their love ones for christmas. @rolts as for zano, backers are slowly finding out how they could get a refund. some have already got their refunds. @melissa don't boil ur own blood over backers who can't understand english!!! we can explain to them but doesn't mean they get what it means.....
there was an article i read that had a really great spreadsheet of most popular campaigns and delivery times.  it was a year or two old, but really great -  links for each campaign, etc.  there was one item that was so popular, there was not enough material available for them in the world.. the world.... to produce the product.  they had to wait for factories to manufacture this so they could then make their product.
oh man.....  i just... nope.  no.
@ melissa; imagine if the angry backers had backed the zano!!!!!! not enough kittens in the world to subdue that rage.
normally i'm quite patient.  but have just read a slew of angry posts from a few campaigns and i'm a bit tired of the anger.  i understand confusion.  i understand not quite getting kickstarter if you're a first time backer (though i figured it out the first time).  i just don't get the jumping to rage.  i have my own small business, and seeing this makes my blood curdle.  i dont' think people realize how hard it is to run a small business.
@ sharon; steve and i are both from adelaide in australia, must be something in the water. also its 42 degrees c here today (104 f) so we are not so stressed about the arrival of jackets at the moment. i have taken a "special worker" badge from my wife, who teaches 5 year olds, and given it to gin. he's out of the naughty corner with permission.  i am keeping a lookout on the most recent update as well as here and almost without fail the negative comments come from first time backers who jumped in without knowing anything about crowdfunding. they wanted a product first, responded to social media and think they are buying from amazon. smh
@rolts @steve wow!!!! u guys are really good!!! u can actually explain again and again to backers who after so many months still don't understand what's kickstarter!!! and most who scream fraud/scam are all who only backed baubax...... lucky for us we won't be seeing them in other campaign as they gave up on kickstarter. for the many campaign that i've backed, many were delay. some came a mth or 2 late, some after a few mth have not even started shipping (as product is still not ready). some just email the tracking number to me as they have just started shipping. there seems to be a fraud/scam campaign that i'm in, still waiting to see if it's really a fraud/scam. but baubax so far can't qualify into the fraud/scam list yet as they, apart from less communication, have been doing a great job. since baubax said they will start some delivery this mth, if by end of jan 2016 they still have not ship out a single jacket, they will, by me, move into the fraud/scam list. for backers who have no idea of "delay", maybe do a search on "coolest cooler" in kickstarter and read more abt it in their updates as well as comments. @gin did @rolts let u come back from ur naughty corner? why are u running around only dress in ur jacket??? @melissa @gm have stolen ur kitty!! ;p maybe they are playing ek together now!! lol
i'd fist-bump you out of appreciation but i don't wanna tase someone i like.
*over equips mel by ducttaping a zillion active tazers and prodding sticks on her. go cray. have fun.
*tasers blindly into the night*
over on the prynt campaign- they're delayed about 6 months.  they have people responding to literally every comment.  every. comment. and they still get annihilated.  the happy backers try to show love and support, but man.    i just.  i can't.
there are more important things to be upset about.  what delightful holiday spirit everyone is displaying.  wow.  *melissa has had it*  *flips table*  *drinks wine* *sits on floor with kitten*
wow... a lot of anger today!  i kinda want to shake people and say "it said estimated delivery not guaranteed!"  i waited 6 months for a butter knife, i am still waiting for a water bottle (4 months now), a book took an extra three months, and a camera is taking about 6 months.  reeeellllaaaxxxxxxx.  i'm tired of backers attacking creators.  it's so negative.  this is supposed to be a positive site to support creative individuals.  egads.
lol ikr
if you notice, it is mostly the people that backed only this project
@rolts, it's a total chaos at their facebook page also
@rony lucanto, not surprising at all. we live in an instant world aft all. waiting isnt an option for many of them
backers here are all so negative...
how could i know my order will be delivered in dec or jan?
@ gini: all i can say is that if you are disappointed due to a short delay (in kickstarter project delivery terms) then crowd funding projects are definitely not for you. i repeat my previous statement, this is not a retail experience. i've backed a number of projects, one was suspended, two were cancelled because they did not meet funding goals, seven achieved funding. of these seven, i've received rewards from four, which were all delayed, but delivered great rewards, another is on its way and i'm awaiting two they had initial delivery in november (this one) and another due in december (but delayed, no survey yet).  will i continue to back? certainly, if i see an innovative product from a creator who has some experience that will ensure the project is viable.  will i treat kickstarter as a store? no. there is always the unforeseen with startups, be it manufacturing or delivery issues.
@ kawin phuangthong; please read my posting below regarding refunds. this is a crowdfunding site not a retailer.  regarding contacting baubax, since the start of the campaign their primary contact has been support@baubax.com that contact remains on their website. they also now appear to have a dedicated p.r. contact for media etc. for a project to be a scam, the creators accept money with no attempt to deliver product. there is no evidence of that at this stage. the only issue with delivery at this stage is a delay, which has been made clear with expected time lines for delivery provided. as you have only backed one kickstarter project, this one, i would you suggest you go back to the kickstarter home page and read the faqs so that you understand what kickstarter projects are, and the obligations of creators and kickstarter. if you don't understand the process, you will be frustrated.
if any of your guys have noticed, baubax has removed contact details/address from their website. leaving only two email addresses. i believe this could be a scam!!! totally wasted $600++  kickstarter you'd better have solutions for all backers!!!!!
i demand a full refund immediately.
after this experience, i have been put off ever participating in something like this again.  you can say all you want but i will not be looking at these things in the same way again.
@ michael kean and gini green: this is kickstarter. you need to understand you have not purchased a product. you have donated seed funding to a start up and in return you will receive a reward based upon your level of funding. this is why there are no refunds for successful projects even if they do not meet their initial estimated delivery date. kickstarter projects don't operate like an online store.  the reward delivery times are estimates only.  creators try to describe the delivery date as part of their campaign, but this is before anything has begun.  then they need to organise the production and distribution. very few of the kickstarter creators are established companies and they are having to develop all of their processes and overcome unforeseen issues that arise.  as a result it is not uncommon for projects to run past projected delivery times. this project is very close to being a punctual kickstarter, as many run many months or even years delayed.  that is why i never back a project and expect the reward to arrive by a set date to use as a gift. i back projects because i believe them to be innovative and want them to succeed. please read this article http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427
i want a refund.  i bought in september and am being told it will be february now.  another company has contacted me and will be able to deliver by christmas eve.
let me voice in on i was promised my jacket in november, and is still mia. i was contacted by the company after my initial complaint and told they would get back to me but have heard nothing since. silence speaks volumes.
"case snide" is australian slang for "considerable". ;-)
@jaden. as with all kickstarter projects what you are funding is the development and initial production costs for this product. in return you will receive a reward depending on your level of support. as with most start-up enterprises there have been some unexpected problems, one of which is a vastly more successful funding achievement than the creators expected. this has resulted in case snide table logistics challenges for them to overcome in a very short period of time.  from the last couple of updates you should note that their current plan for delivery is less than two months later than originally planned; a pretty good effort i would say! you could also have a look at this article to see another perspective of the problems and how they have managed to overcome them. doing a test run of 2000 seems like a sensible idea to me. it checks that the logistics chain works properly without messing up the entire 45,000 orders! your allegation of fraud is a bit hysterical. being a little bit later than expected, but keeping backers informed is not fraud. fraud is taking people's money knowing you won't deliver the product; not the case here at all. finally, no matter how many asterisks you use, profanity is still unacceptable.
@costa: thank you for reminding me to read the updates. please realize their original expected deliver date. the reason of the "fraud" is the different delivery date and the postponement set in the updates over and over again. i suggest you compare their original post and all the following updates not calmly and realize that they've already postpone the deliver dates over and over again filled with lies. the test run of 2000? please let me know if you have a reasonable and scientific explanation of the so called test run. this is a very poorly managed combination of marketing and supply chain management. with their unprofessional effort, we have suffered the delay. i am not going to tolerate this and wait for the months late delivery. please enjoy your holiday.
@jaden: you realize that they are not shipping to the us only and that most probably are not shipping from the us either (since the factory is not in the us), right? before screaming fraud/scam/etc and using profanity, i suggest you read the updates calmly and realize that they already said they will only deliver a certain amount of items by the end of 2015. so don't expect anything till february. enjoy your holidays.
this is f***ing fraud. test run of 2000? what are you guys testing? are you testing the mailing system of us, which existed for hundred of years? just admit that you failed to deliver before nov, and failed to deliver before dec, and cannot deliver most of the orders by the end of 2015.
@ibrahim lol!!!! @gin was enjoying his jacket in his dream!!!! we're both in the same country so if he gets his and haven't get mine, i'm gonna rob him!!! lol
@sharon gin got his jacket already???  where does he live?  maybe where he lives he will get the jacket fast
@ nina schlei: please read update 13. i believe this update was also emailed to all backers at their primary kickstarter email address. no one has received jackets yet, but a trial run of jackets was to be sent out this week. see the update for full details.
i still haven't received my jackets or sweatshirts. :( whats going on? when will i be getting them? who else hasn't gotten them
@melissa *bribes your kitties with warm nest and good food*  :p
you shall never steal my kitty!! ...he'll probably claw you to death anyway.... gm (great mountain) knows i am good at thwarting attacks.  i have a crazy landlord, a retired military ups man, backyard kitties...  all at my disposal.  you shall never have the kitty or the precious!
@ sharon , admit it , im too awesome. :p @rolts, damn, i must have poor luck with those dice.. @helmet, i dont think they will be that dumb to send your jackets separately. its likely that for the 45k backers they have, they probably have 80k or more jackets, if everyone on average buys 2 - 3 jackets.
@sharon: hide little leo *in* me?! o.o ....i'm scared now.
@gm ya @rolts is kinda nice to me as i'm not as mean as @gin!!! gin is terrible as he always post he got his jacket already!!! lol..... @rolts if @melissa is ever naughty, don't put her in the naughty corner, just take her kitty!!! and hide it in great mountain!!! lol @gin rolts shd just send u to the black hole!!! so u'll be far far away from any internet access!!! lol
@chris: backer number has no meaning other than bragging rights that you saw the project before others.
anymore updates. i bought this as a christmas present for my wife. i was hoping to get at least one of the 2 to give to her.
anyone know if backer number means anything?  if i am really low, does that generally suggest i may be lucky enough to get my jacket in 1st batch?   not going to hold my breath...  but would be great :)
@rolts: good thing i just randomly come in here then. no cause for me needing to be in the naughty corner.
@helmet pickles  i don't have any answers for most of your questions, but because the february shipping is said to only include the balance of the blazers, i think they're probably being shipped as they come, so if you had a sweatshirt, windbreaker, and blazer, perhaps the sweatshirt would come in december, the windbreaker in january, and the blazer in february. not sure, just my guess.
quick question for perspective. sorry if this has already been asked. @baubax december shipping: sweatshirts: 6,000 pcs  windbreakers: 3,500 pcs  bombers: 11,000 pcs  blazers: 1,500 pcs january shipping:  sweatshirts: all of the balance  windbreakers: all of the balance  bombers: all of the balance  blazers: 4,000 pcs this was the last update. can you tell us what "all of the balance"s are? by this i mean for example, in december you will be shipping 6k sweatshirts but out of how many? if, hypothetically, the balance is 500 then there is a good chance of getting our sweatshirts in the first batch but if the balance is 24k then not so good. one more: if we have one (or more) of all 4 types, including a blazer, and it looks like the bulk of the blazers are not shipping till january, does that mean our entire order will be shipped when you ship the bulk of the blazers? thank you!
@ melissa; sounds "great mountain" would make a perfect ranger.  @ 'great mountain'; the corners are assigned by a roll of the dice and previous infractions. gin has a list of teasing convictions going back quite a way. he has earned early release for helpful comments.
safe*
@annie, while it is same to assume , i guess it'd be prudent to also email support@baubax to inform them of the change and get an acknowledgement from them.
is it safe to assume that for as long as the change address option is available, that the newest address will be used? inquiring as i may need to do another change due to personal circumstances in the next week.
what a coincidence, @melissa. i happen to be in the fish-y business. @sharon, yeah, i got stuck in the chokey. ( ; u ; )/ @ steve, anywhere else was usd25.
@ steve - postage was $10 for the u.s.
@rolts- i appreciate the got reference.  owen just lives in the canadian mountains.  with his flannel shirts.  lots of flannel shirts. i just crept around in the background.  still do sometimes...and taser anyone that tries anything fishy...
hi jenny- go to "rewards" on this campaign, scroll to find the reward you selected, click "view pledge".  there you should find the address you listed under the survey tab.
how do i check to see if my address is up to date?
would love a shipping update. planned to give this as a christmas gift.
@pauline. "ships anywhere in the world" was indeed their promise. when you make your commitment you are asked which country you want it shipped to. if it's the usa the postage is free. anywhere else, i believe, was an additional $20.
these naughty corners sounds personalized. could be fun, or scary, depending on how rolts views you i guess.
@gin rolts left u at a dark naughty corner? lol!!! the last time he sent me there was a fun fill naughty corner!!!
@rolts, its so dank and dark in here ;-;. @ sharon , maybe. haha
here is an interesting article.  it doesn't tell us anything about when the jackets will ship, but does provide some insight into the campaign and the people behind it.  hopefully we will get an update on production and shipping from baubax soon. http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427
is there any updates re delivery please, i'm based in the uk and waiting so patiently but very eager, thanks dawn
@david, thanks for the suggestion! i just emailed the creators. the transit address is an airbnb accom and i really don't want to trouble them. as it is i am not sure if they are ok with receiving my package even before i 'officially' arrive to stay with them.
hi, any news about the delivery of the jackets?
so..i just reviewed my rewards page again, and saw this magical line: "ships anywhere in the world"
pauline, as long as there's a way to collect the international shipping fee from you they will probably ship it wherever you want.  you are probably better off e-mailing them now as there is no guarantee they are going to keep address changing open forever.  the alternative is to have whomever lives at your transit address forward you the package when it arrives.
@rolts - thanks for the suggestion! i tried to change the address to my home country but a pop up states that i indicated united states when i backed the project, and to discuss with the creator options. i am changing my address to a address that i will be transiting through for 2 days in jan. if the jacket is not ready by then, i really hope that the creators will honour the commitment  by sending the jacket internationally. i mean, i really hope the jacket will take off and i was quite looking forward to it when i travel in 3 days time, and i know that it's tough for a startup project, but i also would like my money's worth.
@rolts: nope, not part of the night's watch. a member of the kc, along with creeper.
@ "great mountain"; construction = 'the wall' right? are you a member of the night's watch with that title? @ gin; it will be back to the naughty corner........
can we get an update on when we can expect our jackets?
have to say i'm a bit surprised that nobody has posted receiving a tracking # as being part of the initial 2000 trial run batch... guess we just have to keep waiting to see one...
@melissa lol ..... @gin is in trouble for teasing!!!!
@heidi- no list.  gin was just teasing someone.
@owen, saw your comment and thought, hmmm, must be canadian. but you're from calgary, the 6 years i lived there calgary might have had 2 months of winter a year, never 7 :)
is there a last of who is in each batch of deliveries? i noticed @gin made mention that someone was not in the first batch nor the last one.
andrew, the update said they were starting the shipping trial this week.  nowhere did it say all 2000 jackets were being sent out yesterday.
did you ship out the 2000 yesterday?
@rolts: we have a saying here. "there are only two seasons, winter and construction." we get on average 7 months of winter like weather. and usually, there is a chance of snow any time of the year(2014 we had heavy snow in september that downed lots of trees)
hello! half way through december...any updates? thanks!
@ lukefarmer; from the bio of the creators, these guys look more experienced in garment design than frank anthony. they seem to have production under control, but nothing is certain on ks until a reward arrives to assess.
i'm just hoping this doesn't end up being like frank anthony's swim suits...
@gin omg!!! me too!!! i have been wearing mine out these few days as it's been raining!!!! were we in the same dream??
@ gin; so many backers who need to be in the first batch.  had to smh at those who need them because winter is "short time" where they live.  as those in the north would say, "winter is coming", to which i would add "somewhere and again".
tried to email twice to enquire but no reply till date.
@ julie zhu, no you're not the first batch, but you wont be the last either. @wenshan chen , no idea, but dont expect a 30th delivery either, even if yer first batch... @sharon, hey guess what? i've gott my jacket.... in my dreams... t_t. they were so soft, so comfy, so kitty-friendly. but alas, it was just a dream :(
am i the first batch??am i the first batch??am i the first batch??am i the first batch??am i the first batch??am i the first batch??am i the first batch??am i the first batch??am i the first batch??am i the first batch??
my friend birthday is on 30th dec, hopefully, i will be the first batch. wonder how is it being done for the allocation.
timely that the first-ever kickstarter fulfillment report has just been released: https://t.co/6nrhgdm7oi according to the researchers, backers should expect that one out of every 10 projects backed will fail (ie rewards will never be delivered, etc.). like so many other commenters have said: this isn't amazon. you can't just cancel your order and ask for a refund! i'm still excited for my jacket, whenever it arrives.
@david i know ks won't refund them. but they (backers) won't listen if we tell them so. so i guess the best way was to direct them to email baubax so they will be given a formal reply of "there is no refund", or "we are shipping them soon so there will be no refund" . some people just want the answer from creator but not us. some treat ks like amazon. some feels that "u're just another backer, what rite does it gives u to tell me there is no refund?" so instead of the usual reply that @rolts will tell "this is not a store, ks does not have refund" i just direct them to email baubax.
@ a. ferrari; from your previous backed projects, 3doodler and hey joe coffee mug, both of which delivered late, i would have thought you would understand that ks projects get delayed. please remember your whole reason was not key to the manufacturing and delivery logistics,
i'm very disappointed that i will not receive my four (4) travel jackets before x-mas when that was the whole reason for purchasing them since i am 'traveling' during the holidays!
seems that the first 2000 jackets are going out this week, hope the test run goes well and all of us can receive the products soon. it would be good if the team could update us on how backers are sorted into the dec/jan/feb batches, nevertheless thanks for the info and all the best!
@ q shorne; go to the your backed projects via your icon on the top right of this page and select the travel jacket. the pop up will have three tabs, select survey and it will detail the styles, colours and sizes that have been selected via your survey response. if there is no information there, you will need to contact support@baubax.com
i'm not sure i got a chance to choose my styles (x4 orders) and no one is responding to my emails...
scott was advertising his jacket. he had a link to his company store.
sharon don't give them false hope.  the jackets are shipping, there are not going to be any refunds.
@tsubame @brian try email them support@baubax.com
@ibrahim i dunno also.... i log in it was already deleted by ks. but i guess must be some nasty things.
i just want to know when can i get the clothes or how can i cancel it!!!!  it takes too long to wait them. please answer me!
this is taking too long and i am far less enamored with the concept now. please advise how i can cancel my order and receive a refund.
what did scott say to get his comment removed?  it says kickstarter has removed it...  i wonder what.
hi there im sure you have a lot of people enquiring about the shipping delays. i was just wanting to know how we can find out what shipment we will be in? my husband and i are going travelling for 4 months at the start of feb, and i bought the jacket as a christmas present for him before our trip- it would be so great to be able to use it for the trip as we were hoping. please feel free to contact me (can you message or access my email?), and i am happy to provide proof of our travel dates if this helps.  cheers alice
@ taylor chen; please read my post 2 below yours, on changing addresses.
hello there! i just want to know if i can change my shipping address please! thank you
how's the holiday cheer in here?
@ pauline; until recently addresses for deliveries could be updated via the reward section of the campaign page on the desktop site or rewards tab on the mobile site (not the app). however another backer claimed they were not able to do this. i just had a look and editing of the address via this method still seems possible, so you might want to follow the following steps given by the creator. "if you need to change your delivery address, please follow the following steps.  1. login to your kickstarter account and visit our campaign page  2. scroll to the reward level that you have pledged for (the reward will appear in green)  3. click on the hyperlink to access your survey response  4. the survey response will give you an option to make changes to your shipping address  you can contact baubax at support@baubax.com for assistance."
one of the reason why i backed this project was that i would be in us during the delivery period (nov). i am leaving in 5 days time. can the jacket be delivered internationally?
that's @ cam
@ cm - please read update #13 for the latest information on shipping dates. the update was sent out to your e-mail address about nov. 30.
hey guys! what's the eta on my jacket?
@jennifer seriously i dunno.... every company will have their own sets of customers but if 1 is so desperate..... there must be something wrong with the way the company is being run. so shouldn't one be spending more time in management rather than wasting time on what other company is doing?
congratulations to @rolts!!!! here is your reward from baubax!!! a jacket with "best employee of the month"!!! lol!!!
@sharon, that company must that desperate to stall returning money to a customer and to hijack another jacket company's project here. not on!
@ sharon: i think i will get "associate" embroidered on mine when it arrives. :p
@rolts i can't help it but went to laugh at u over there!!!! lol
* =
@ sharon; on the latest update comments, someone thinks i'm part of baubax again. answer obvious questions + part of the team.  smh
@h.t. your experience with the company really sounds like a horrible one. hope scott jordan is reading this so he knows why his jackets/vests is not selling instead on trying to blame on baubax, or trying to find trouble here. @h.t. i hope scott is not the customer service u spoke to!!! @jennifer u shd read the comment after yours!!! the company sounds like a horrible one!!! asking for id for an internet purchase of a jacket!!!
@scott jordan, i had placed orders twice to your company last year, but none of the orders going through successfully! first your customer service request me to send them proof of billing address since i have a different shipping address, fine. after sending the proof, my order still could not get through since the card center is not located in the same country! (what a joke!!!!!). funny thing is your company had already put a hold of money in my credit card already and i need to call your customer service to cancel the order in order to release my money! then placing another order again with different card (that time i have the billing and shipping address exactly the same as my card, but guess what, your stupid customer service put a hold on my order again and ask me to send them a copy of my id?????? am i buying a gun or drugs from your company?????? ending up to call your customer service again and have my 2nd order cancelled again. you have the most lousy customer service in the world, i have never got any problems shopping in usa through internet whatsoever except dealing with your company!!!!! i will never ever buy any of your products for the rest of my life!!!!
hahaha!  well said bg.  if anyone is going to criticise baubax it should only be legitimate baubax backers, not a wannabe rival with a far less superior product.  scot-e-vest? what's that? oh, just a glorified jacket with loads of unnecessary pockets. the cheek of the guy to post here to spruik what sounds like a dog jacket!
there are enough unique features in the baubax jackets to separate them from the rest. half-split gloves, koozie pocket (my least favourite feature), ear-pod pockets with cord routing to the phone pocket, blanket (optional), built-in pillow, hood with eye shade incorporated. it's design is specifically targeted to the frequent air traveller or commuter. the scot-e-vest has been around a while, but was not specifically marketed as a travel jacket; more so a jacket with a ton of pockets; way more than i would need to use. it also has removable sleeves to form a vest, which many don't like. the two products have different markets.
@bruce, actually there is another jacket out there that also has a stylus. i cant remember which though
@ erika domains: please read the latest update, it has all of the information regarding shipping.
@erika, by waiting like everyone else. they haven't even started shipping lol.
i still havnt recieved my jacket! how can this be fixed.
can't wait  for the first surge of people who eventually get their jackets reactions  when it comes. it's been amazing  reading comments & people flying off the handle because they want it now! even me being new to kickstarter & this being my first item ever pledging to understood the likelihood of delays especially with something that  surpassed their goal by so much. it was inevitable that it would take longer to get all these jackets ready & sent. here's hoping everything runs smoothly.
*watching
@ sharon; he's watch a new competitor. the amount raised would trouble him if it indicates lost sales and future growth for an alternate product.
scott jordan is the boss of scottevest? he is here to get a baubax too?? so does that means baubax is better so he have to have one too?? i'm confuse.....
@scott jordan:  1. if scottevest were really best in travel apparel, you wouldn't need to post here. 2. this is crowdfunding, a similar platform that you had used for your jackets https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/original-world-s-best-travel-jacket-20-features/x/12003102#/ the world knows how much money your product raised vs baubax. the math says: scottevest's campaign amount is 0.4% of baubax's campaign amount. you are clearly not the best in travel apparel. period! 3. i backed this product because it has an inflatable neck pillow in the hood. none of your products have that. they don't help customers get a good sleep while they are traveling. another reason why you should call yourself best in travel apparel. be honest with yourself and your customers. 4. like many other backers, i am patient and can wait to get my baubax jackets. i understand that this is crowdfunding and a company that didn't exist 6 months ago has raised over $9mn in 2 months. it's not a joke. who would know this better than you? you've been trying for last 16 years. ask yourself if you've ever made $9mn in revenue in 2 months. i am a proud backer and i am ok to wait as long as it takes for baubax to ship us a quality product. i love this campaign. it's a tight slap on the faces of oldies of the industry, such as you.
hahaha.. what else can one expect from scott jordan... such a leach. get a life dude!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
to me the main differentiators are: -  the overall style seems much trendier -  the blazer -  integrated neck pillow, pen, and gloves
@ david  - thanks for the date clarification. i missed that. so, global travel was first. @ gin - and don'rt forget the pen/stylus. plus baubax has a slightly different design even though the basic concept is the same.
can't wait to hear all the complaining by the folks who don't get in the first "trial shipment" batch next week and pitch a fit...
i think it's agreed for some time now - the only thing that keeps baubax ahead of others is that it has a freakin inflatable pillow.  so chill already. if yer unhappy, talk to ur credit company. if not, just learn how to be patient
@thefunkygibbon; i may not have been clear because i heavy censored myself before posting. tojo's final comment was "i want my jacket now." after posting about a readily available jacket, i interpreted as being in the fraud / scam category. it seemed he was implying that if another company can bring a similar product to market, that baubax should have their's ready for delivery already. to me it seemed tojo had not understood the crowd funding of an idea through to production. hope this explains.
@david: i think for a lot of the backers, this was their first project they helped fund, and have no other experience with crowd funding. personally, it would be nice to have before the new year. will it realistically happen? no. will i eventually get it? 99% sure, there is always a chance that something could happen, but that will be dealt with if it happens.
i don't think anyone will argue that there are backers that wanted the jacket by a fixed date and made the mistake of pledging without understanding what they were really getting into or shopping around to see what other options are available.  in any event i am not sure were people are getting the idea that those global travel jackets are new, it says right on the linked page they've been making them since 2010.
@michael just click on the green button that says "i got it" then it will be white again. is that what u were asking about?
the screen says i received my jacket, but i have not.who do i contact? mkeannc@hotmail.com
@ tojo, @ rolts, @ andrew - the global travel jacket has a number of features very much like baubax. the question is - which came first? did baubax copy global travel, or did global travel copy baubax and rush it out quicker? it will be interesting to see if those who say they need a jacket now or soon, will buy the global travel jacket. at least they can compare jackets when they finally get their baubax jacket.
@creeper: what am i agreeing to now? that geist's ninjas failed to steal the precious from your too powerful mailman?
@rolts -  yes its a different product, which has pretty much the same features as the baubax ones.   as far as i know there were none around like this before baubax.  but, i do not understand your point.  the link provided was to a jacket which exists and is able to be shipped.  no it is not baubax... but where exactly is that a downside? baubax, as yet, have no product out there.  not one of us knows what the quality will be like.  plus its around the same price.   i think most people on here bought because it was a good idea, not because they had faith in the company.  because, how can you have faith in a company which hasn't got any track records or anything to prove themselves with yet. either way, it looks like baubax havent filed any patents for their product, and if there are a few companies out there offering nigh on exact replicas of their product,  i fear for baubax's survival.
@raphael oliveira, well spoken! please everyone be patient! this campaign went well beyond anyone's expectations! be happy that you are a part of it and stop whining. if anything, offer up some words of encouragement or advise. negativity breeds more if the same.
yes, scottevests were plugged frequently during the pledge period.
@ tojo; but it is a different product, it's not the baubax jacket. if you wanted a ready made, ship quickly product, go to the online stores. there were options available.
http://globaltravelclothing.com/shop/ almost same as baubax and ships by end of the year. i want my jacket now.
@rolts @melissa @david @gin it's raining heavily here!!! time to test out how good is my baubax windbreaker!!! oh...... it was just a dream......
@rafael- +1+1+1 @rolts and gin-the precious is my butter knife that i received here. this has been established in the exploding kittens campaign- owen will agree if he stops by! but yessss...the kittens needs pockettssss.
@ bruce, it's 9:30 a.m. here in adelaide, south australia.
@ rolts - you're working very late - or is it very early?
@ marc presser: the only thing you can do is to contact support at the following: support@baubax.com
i'd like to change one of my jackets from a female xs to a male s (which i thought i did on the original survey).  can someone please contact me/ let me know how to do that?  thanks.
the comments in here are proof that crowdfunding is not poised for widespread public adoption. in an age where instant delivery is the norm, most people have become self-centered enough that if their demands are not met to the iota of expectation, it is easier to give up and pursuit other interests. the majority of complainers in here are first-time backers who do not distinguish (and mainly who are not interested in the differences) between supporting an idea or ordering an online product. there are some who detract and have funded other campaigns, but their issue is mainly on transparency and response time. again, here is not the best medium for communication, as messages tend to drown and a proper follow up is hard to do. and while i agree that this campaign was not the clearest or most informative to backers, it's hardly a new situation. i've backed pebble, znaps, ouya and others that have failed in this regard. is it time to educate the general public on how crowdfunding works, given the sweet'n sour success of this campaign, or should we try to keep things simple and "cap" projects so that something doesn't balloon over the ability creators have to run a project? i mean, it is one thing to run a product that is tenfold successful, and it is a beast of a monster to manage a product that is a hundredfold.
have contacted support via email half a dozen times, asking them to send me a survey. i am one of those who tried to add the blanket and had my sweatshirt removed. they keep telling they are working on a fix and will send it. last update from support was 11/23, stating "sorry for the delays, we are still working on a fit for this. keep you posted as soon as we have an update." i have followed up twice with no response. i even provided my shipping and size/color information in the support email, but apparently they can't take that and input into their database.
@ melissa; "kittens need pocketsess."
@ gin; shouldn't that be "my precioussssss."
*continues hiding with non existant jacket while talking in gollums voice. nyeeehehehhe.
@sharon; gin is on his second strike. he can work them off if he takes my on-line course.
i didn't mean to type is, but there's a kitten attacking my foot...
i mean...  i'm in the states, and in nyc- a major shipping hub, and i do not have a blazer in my order soooooo....lets hope i get my before y'all... :) is
@rolts but....... but......... but........ @gin started it!!!!!
just read the shipping updates. totally understand the delays and thanks for being so transparent on when batches are set to go out. really helpful and honest. looking forward to wearing the bomber it looks great in those pictures!
as long as my bomber can be delivered to singapore by late feb, i am good. please kindly ensure good quality control for each and every jackets :)
sharon i do think they know what is ready; my understanding is that the jackets are being shipped as cargo to the us before being prepped for final delivery.  so baubax should have manifests and whatnot.  but, i expect they are still sorting out the specifics of matching those jackets up to orders and sorting out shipping details (especially with so many backers changing their addresses at the last minute).  i expect the main purpose of the trial next week is to figure out how long the final packaging/shipping process takes so they can optimize workflow when the bulk of the orders start coming in through january.  in spite of what some backers over in the other thread think it is not a trivial task getting 60000+ jackets shipped to destinations around the globe.
@ shintaro oku; sorry this is not a store. you have pledged not ordered, so you are not able to cancel or get a refund. please read the kickstarter faqs on the home page. you need to understand crowd funding if you are going to back projects. this doesn't work like amazon.
@ sharon; you and gin can both come out if there is no more teasing other backers or it's back you go.
hi baubax team, i plan to travel abroad from 5 jan. i want to wear my windbreaker on that plane, so could you make deliver it before then(beginning of the year)? if you can't make it, i want to cancel my order because i'm looking forward to use it in the travel. i'm waiting for your response.  regards, shin
@rolts i'm pulling my ear at the naughty corner now..... can i come out already?? please please pretty please!!! i promise i'll be naughty again when @gin start it!!! blame it on @gin!!!! he teach me bad!!! lol
@rolts @david seriously i think baubax have not decided who is in which shipping batch yet. as they still do not know what colour of which jackets and what size of which jackets will be done by shipping date, they can't and will not promise anybody. so for those shouting "me 1st, me 1st", think before asking. unless u work in one of baubax 10 factories and know what is ready to ship. so for me, i'll like to think i'm in the last batch so if it arrive early, i'll be super happy.
hah, have your fun now; just wait until people start actually complaining about why they weren't included in shipping window x. you guys are being real troopers, incidentally.  with baubax not posting here it was inevitable that backers were going to start taking their frustrations out on other backers.
@ sharon; back to the naughty corner with you. you can come out when you have thought about your behaviour.
@rolts @gin @melissa @david  i just have to do this. omg!!! @rolts received his jacket in australia already??? when will mine be reaching me?? i wanna wear mine on christmas day!!! @rolts, how's the fit? how's the material? how's the workmanship??? lol!!! that was fun shouting all that out. ok, back to waiting for shipping to start. shipping have not start!!!
@ sharon, gin, melissa and david: just had to explain on the last update that i'm not part of the baubax team again, because i cut and pasted the creators post from 3 days ago. the poster also thought i already had my jacket! smh
@melissa u need me to help "knock" @gin's head?? i'm in the same country as him!!! lol @gin u should try saying "i got my jacket" the moment baubax say they have already shipped them out. so everyone else will be asking where is mine, why my tracking is not moving!!! lol
hi baubax team, i plan to travel in the beginning of januari, starting from 7 jan. is it possible to take my blazer with me? will be travelling ±20hours one way..... shipping to belgium. kind regards, nils
@ vincvan: demands to produce a pdf or similar from "marketing' are interesting. few are demanding it and baubax may not have a fully functioning marketing section yet, they are a start up. those in the support section have been overwhelmed by requests for assistance in rectifying incorrectly completed surveys (not baubax's fault), address changes (not baubax's fault) sorting cancelled jackets when adding blankets ( not baubax's fault) and requests to change designs that were pledged for (again not baubax's fault). these demands will hold up the whole distribution logistics, so the majority of backers would want to see this attended to as first priority.  again, if i was you, i would be taking screen shots of the campaign pages, printing those or using them to make a voucher to give to your so. it doesn't take long. (less time than i spent typing this post.) possible vouchers/pdfs from backer gin ; i got really bored, so here goes :  http://imgur.com/cbvxnhf   note- this is not a real voucher. im not saying that im trying to be saint or what. i just want to stop people from demanding things they know that they wont get, because i'm annoyed that way. https://www.dropbox.com/s/36x3ogy4rnj7j1u/baobao.pdf… uploaded a pdf of the campaign. go ahead and print this if you have to.
as it seems, it will be difficult to receive the jacket on christmas eve for all of us. i would really appreciate if you could create some kind of a christmas voucher card with pictures of the jacket on it and a small product teaser which we can give as a gift on christmas instead. i think that would be a kind move for us backers who were planning to give the jacket as a gift. a simple design as an png or a psd file would be sufficient.
i answered yes to the survey saying 'is this a gift?' :( but i can take that bad news for now. after all, all i want is a good quality jacket as promised, please don't let me down on this thing as i already boasted they will have the the world's best jacket and worth the wait. thank you.
@ gin; we have a solo carbonite block reserved for the likes of you.
not cool, gin. not cool!!
let's spoil things for the sake of it eh?  omg i got my jacket!!! not. i kid. they've yet to deliver. sure hope mine gets here before jan, albeit unlikely though
seems comments have quieted down for a moment.  until people start receiving theirs...
@ q shone fortune: every backer for jackets was sent a survey a long time ago. in that survey backers had to specify their order details. some have said that they hadn't received it as they had accidentally deleted their jacket order while trying to add a blanket reward to their pledge. if this had happened, no survey was sent. to check what is happening in your case, you need to check your reward, by going to your backed projects, via your icon link on the top right of this page, then backed projects. select the travel jacket. on the popup, just below the image, are three tabs. the first tab is "reward', which when selected shows the reward tier you selected in the campaign. another tab is labelled 'survey'. by selecting this, it will list the details of survey information submitted. if the reward shows only a blanket, contact baubax directly at support@baubax.com. if the reward shows you have opted for a jacket, but the survey has no details, contact baubax directly at support@baubax.com. baubax stated in an update that some backers were yet to submit surveys, perhaps this may include you. check the above information first.
i did not receive my survey...
teresa, that note was about people at the blanket reward tier.  if you ordered a blanket with a jacket then your information was already collected with your survey.
this was in the update of november 6.  i never received an email about my blanket, although i added extra money to my pledge to cover it. 2) blanket rewards will be captured in the middle of november. those backers will be notified via email on their kickstarter email id’s. important: we still have backers that have not responded to the survey. please submit no later than sunday, november 8th by 11:59pm pst.
hi lo siu pan, please check the update.  delivery has been delayed. earliest delivery(send out) is in dec. but please instead expect a feb/march receive of the jackets instead from fellow backer
i still haven't receive the jacket, is there any problem?? i am from hong kong is there anyone got the jacket?
@kayle. given that usa backers get free postage, i expect they'll be sending them via the lowest-rate usps parcel service. however long that would take at this time of year for your address ex san francisco i would think. but you never know, as they have over 40,000 parcels to send, they may get a substantially discounted world-wide delivery deal with fedex or another company.
from melissa's previous comment; "a great article! thanks so much for sharing teo!!!! please read this! http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427"
everyone should read this article about baubax. you'll see how much work has been put into this product.
@ kay williams; the only direct way to contact the creators is: support@baubax. com
from update 12: "blanket rewards will be captured in the middle of november. those backers will be notified via email on their kickstarter email id’s." i havn't got an email about it. do you know something about it? thanks!
please help me to contact you, i have tried everything and can not find the information i need to talk to someone.
will the dec u.s. deliveries be ups? fedex? tracking? it might be nice to know ahead of time if some people are traveling through the holidays and want their parcels rerouted or on hold instead of being sent back or stolen :/
kayle, my assumption from reading the entrepreneur article is that the jackets are going to be arriving in the us sometime this week, and that shipping will start from a us location on the 14th.  for a domestic package the time taken is going to depend on the shipping method, the distance from the point of origin, and the higher than normal parcel volumes due to christmas.
i think i've skipped over it, but does anyone know how long it'll take to reach the states once they've shipped it? eg the first batch should arrive a week later or whenever.
i'm a cat person.  cats ftw!  i love cats haha
the kitten attacks my hand frequently.  my flannel wearing mountain man is correct.  extra layer of armor is required!!
@baubax, it's great to actually hear from you in the comments section.  thx for actually listening to us and answering this frequent question on changing shipping addresses. a bit late, but it's something that will help various concerned ppl. most of all it's good to actually hear from you. it's reassuring for your backers. thank u & much appreciated.
@gm nah.... kitty needs love!!! doesn't need more protection as @melissa will always have her hand inside. @jennifer lol..... it will surface once in awhile when we get bored of waiting for our jackets. i'm fine with the delay but still..... bored. lol
hello everyone ! thank you all for your supportive and encouraging comments. our team continues to work hard to ensure a quality product is shipped to you as soon as possible. for those of you who would like to make changes to your shipping address, please complete the following steps: 1. login to your kickstarter account and visit our campaign page  2. scroll to the reward level that you have pledged for (the reward will appear in green) 3. click on the hyperlink to access your survey response 4. the survey response will give you an option to make changes to your shipping address please feel free to write to us at support@baubax.com for any assistance. happy holidays and safe travels! team baubax
@sharon and @jennifer: she may need to add some sort of armour to the pocket first.
lol! sharon, i was wondering when the topic of kitty in the pocket was going to surface again.
@melissa so have u decided? butter in drink pocket so butter knife in which pocket? and kitty still in ipad pocket? lol
maggie, this campaign is actually pretty close to being on time than most.  there are people that have waited literal years for something they backed, and it's usually in tech.  they've put down a couple hundred dollars and are still waiting, tech is out of date, or the project was cancelled.  i hope this doesn't deter you.  there are plenty of great campaigns on here, and so far i've been fortunate to receive all the projects i've backed.  i waited an extra 6 months for a butter knife (a really cool one though) after it was supposed to be delivered and already selling in a store.  it happens. but i still have a lot of fun learning about new products, art, games, etc.
i don't think this is a scam. i just feel disappointed. it is my first time of being a backer and i feel like i learn a lesson.
totally understand what you're saying, even if it was a comment here to say "we're following comments best we can and working on an update soon"
@david, that's why i said there should be a comment or post every three weeks.  if not, make it a relevant one answering what ppl would want/need to know. i really don't mind that the jackets will be delayed because i knew it would be impossible to manufacture 80k jackets ++ and ship them all by christmas. i've never griped about that at all. just their lack of communication post campaign on all platforms - ks, fb and igg made people uneasy. so much so that a number of staunch backers had to calm other more disgruntled ones down. that tarnished their rep a fair bit. my point is - it's about managing expectations.
jennifer, you do realize that the average posting time between updates is about 3 weeks?
lol!
maybe they wanted to update us but couldn't do so from the great firewall of china? :)
yes, given the size of the funding on this campaign, it's not surprising that people expect more - every backer forked out over $100 minimum. whether you call it a donation or a purchase (as most newcomers to ks will consider it to be) $100 is still a lot of money.  however, baubax didn't help themselves by staying silent.  alarm bells started ringing and people were thinking scam.  still, baubax kept quiet and you really can't blame people for being distrustful.  they will let their frustration out in the form of nasty comments.  i don't condone that but baubax's lack of communication caused a lot of those unecessary comments and questions.  even the staunchest baubax supporters began to doubt (including myself).  @rolts is right, infrequent but meaningful updates/comments would have helped.  in any case, i think baubax will learn from this, i hope anyway.  i'm not trying to be rude, just giving constructive feedback.  cheers all. gonna enjoy my weekend - yay!
@jennifer - i think we can all agree that more updates/communication would have been better.  but i think this campaign, as with any campaign that is hugely successful starts to have a mob mentality with backers if people are new to crowdfunding.  i've been on some campaigns that were really delayed and not much communication and people were nothing but supportive and friendly.  there would be a comment once a month maybe?  asking for an update.  i just think people are harder on certain campaigns than others.  it's unfortunate.
i did just look at their update tab and they are delayed 1-3 months. i was starting to think it was a scam too for lack of communication and the amount of money pledged! glad to hear they are just behind, hopefully they get caught up soon! happy holidays everyone!!!
@rolts, i'm not asking for an update every week and i agree an update should provide relevant info.  however, baubax have only provided just the 2 updates since the surveys and only lately .  when you've collected that much money $10m in this case, the least the creator can do is reply to a few comments / update with relevant info.  many other creators have done that successfully ie peak design.  regular updates/comments every three weeks or so to let backers know they're still there and what's happening. owing up to mistakes when they did make a big one.  they responded immediately when ppl were disappointed and angry - all was forgiven. reputation untarnished.  communication will go a long way.  all it takes is perhaps 1/2 an hour to pen a meaningful update, or a few mins for a comment. it can be done, just a matter of priority.
@teo thanks for posting the article concerning this project. hopefully all backers read it so they know  that the creators of this kickstarter are doing their best. granted communication was a little lacking but now it makes it more understandable, at least to me.
a great article!  thanks so much for sharing teo!!!! please read this! http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427
@ jennifer; i'd prefer a reward to be produced and delivered over meaningless soothing words. those who are new to crowd funding and/or of a nervous disposition may or may not be satisfied with a lot of updates containing little information.  some ks campaigns have frequent posts by the creators, but provide very little real information, and they still deliver late. updates, imho, are only worthwhile if they provide meaningful information, though i understand many need their hand held from the minute they commit until they get their reward. i just don't agree with the demands to be spoken to by the creators regularly, this distracts from the main game.
the article is fine and most reasonable ppl would be ok with understandable delays. however it does not excuse them for the lack of updates.  it would have prevented a lot of grumbling and repeated questions.  that said thanks baubax for the last update re delivery. at least we know what's happening now.
@ michael chorney: perhaps the story explains the thin communication, just saying. the  nay sayers would have just seen putting this story in updates as an excuse for not doing what they want anyway.
unfortunately that article is not really targeted at your typical backer.  the idea that the creators had to put their lives on hold and put so much financially and personally on the line does not fit the narrative that baubax has been sitting around doing nothing.
shame that baubax isn't updating the backers on the story -- and that we are reading about it on other websites.  says a lot about their communication.
@ teo chang halo: +1 this should be compulsory reading before anyone posts a "i demand my jacket in november because...." or "i am so disappointed because this was to be a gift for ......" or "this company is not ........" or "can i get my jacket first because ......." or "i want a refund because ....."
@matijin r bier: to change your delivery address;  on the desktop site;  1. go to the campaign page  2. scroll down to your reward, it will be green to show your choice  3. at the bottom of the box is 'your response' link - select it  4. this opens a pop up box. at the top of the pop up is a yellow banner, "need to change your address? click here". this provides a link to update your address.  on the mobile site (not the app):  1. select the 'rewards' tab  2. scroll down to your selected reward. it will be green.  3. at the bottom of your selected reward is 'your response' link. select it.  4. this opens a pop up "your survey response" with a yellow banner at the top, "need to change your address? click here."
@ teo chang hao - thanks so much for posting the link to the article about baubax. @ all backers - if you have not read the article, you need to do so. it explains a lot about the campaign. too bad we didn't get this directly from baubax, but it does answer a lot of questions. http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427
@teo chang hao thanks for sharing!!!
@melissa i love your dream!!! lol..... @rolts my soundbot came and it's amazing how a small speaker is so powerful!!! now i'm waiting for my 3d printed guns!!!
@teo chang hao wow, thank you for posting that article.  i am glad i decided to check out the campaign page today.  i haven't been involved with any of the discussions here, but i understand a lot of people are frustrated with delays and feel they are being scammed.  reading that article makes me even more proud to have backed this project and hope others will try to give the creators the benefit of doubt since it sounds like this is costing them their life savings to makes this a reality.  i hope the gamble pays off for them in the end. cheers!
wow there is some crazy negativity here. i backed this project in the summer with the idea of gifting a jacket to my husband for his october birthday (i ordered one for myself as well because they are too awesome not to!). i knew they wouldn't be ready in october. on his birthday, i pulled up the project page on my phone, handed it to him and said "look at this rad thing i backed for your birthday!" he was thrilled. sure i would love to have my jacket sooner (because it is awesome and i can't wait to wear it on all of my travels), but this is a kickstarter project. and even if it wasn't, and i'd ordered from a store that had a shipping delay? this is not the end of the world. this is a thing. a delay in receiving an expensive thing that you could afford for yourself or to gift is not the end of the world. it is not a big problem. it is a little problem. an annoyance, even. and a darn good one to have, comparatively. i'd like to see a little more perspective from all of the grumps - especially at this time of year. thanks for the updates, baubax! i work in the travel industry and can't want to rock my jacket on my 2016 trips.
hi... my address won't be the same when these ship out. how can i edit my shipping address?
http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/253427
and yeah. im still around, just tied down with other commitments =p if only theres a way to encrypt so that only you know. haha
rolts. imgr doesnt need an ac to post.
never mind my previous comment, i now see the directions haha. next time i'll read first and ask questions after :p
hey my address won't be the same when these ship out, how can i edit that?
@ gin, re: contact, looked for a user name on imgur to dm, but post was anonymous(?).
i've only ever backed one other project, a web series and it's amazing to me how many people  don't understand how kickstarter works.  i've been reading the comments section and just shaking my head at some of the comments i've seen. i agree communications  been super poor but at least we won't be waiting as long as some other projects. it would serve people well to actually read the comments section once in a while. so  many repeated questions that have been answered countless times. thanks to  the other backers who voluntarily answer  the same questions over and over again.
@ gin; you still online buddy?
"all i want for christmas is my baubax sweatshirt!" :-p thanks for the update! i hope im lucky enough to use it in my holiday travels... (drafting my santa letter now!)  happy holidays everyone!
agreed rony!  and the fact that they are shipping some orders in december- only a month after expected. pretty good. like they said- this is very different from most campaigns.  all the different styles, sizing, colors...just think of how many different products need to be made!  then organized by each order....woof!!!
right now, im just happy and relieved to hear an update from then. honestly, a feb delivery isnt so bad, considering they had more orders than expected...
if we can find out what shipment our orders will be in, it sounds like that would help out many of us. i have constant problems with my mail service here and i'll be away for the holidays.  i would rather be in the later shipment if it means i'm here to monitor my mail and ensure the package is not stolen!
@zenn- the response baubax to @carol regarding backers and shipments is just a few comments below-
i would love to know how i could get a notice as to which shipment my jacket will be in, so that i can change the address accordingly. personally i'm leaving to singapore from the czech republic on the 12th jan!!
@gm!  you would be have notified via ek!  obviously!
in response to people asking which shipment they will be a part of: "hi carol, thank you for your email. hope you had a wonderful thanksgiving break! our operations team based in asia will soon decide on the first batch of orders that will be scheduled for shipment in december. once we have more information, an update will be shared with our backers. we thank you for supporting our products. wishing you a great day ahead!  team baubax"
@creeper: and i wasn't involved in the private messaging? how rude. :p
@sharon @ rolts- i actually had a dream the other day that i got the shipping notification and that it was delivered on the 1st.  i somehow private messaged you and said "i don't want to post about it or other people will be upset!"
hi, i've ordered a jacket in september, but will be moving on 12/20. can i change the shipping address somehow?
thanks rolts. @birgatta they will ship out 2000 jackets on the 16th as a trial run.   but you should expect them to ship on dec 21st. also,  it depends on your style,  if it's blazer then it will take longer.  it also depends on the country you live in -  i think if you live in america you will get it pretty quick. if you have doubts about it,  change your shipping address to for example : your friend's address.
hi, i have ordered a baubax jacket...can you tell me when you will send it ? because i'm going to travel from 25.12 to 16.1.2016. and i would like to travel with my jacket
@ daniel, thanks for the additional info.
*during the week of 21 december
@ibrahim, i've re-read the update. they are going to trail a shipment in the week of 14 december and if it goes well, they plan the first major round of shipments to be shipped on the 21 december. that is shipping out not arriving. hope this helps.
@rolts@sharon you're lucky because you can get amazon stuff delivered to your houses quickly.  i live in the middle east,  and a lot of items take a long time to deliver. also,  i know i'm asking this again,  but i really want to know if they will ship the jackets on the 21st,  or deliver them to us. because if they ship them out on 21st,  some people will get it really late  this is why i'm considering shipping it to someone in australia,  hopefully it ships quick there.
@rolts you can also access your survey response on the desktop from your backed projects list. the kickstarter app is only available for ios.
hi sharon, recently received my penxo pencils a+ and my enigmaze also an a class product. both were worth waiting for. now waiting for my titanium notepad and tiko 3d printer, but i think the jacket might beat them both. using amazon mainly for ebooks, but ebay is providing most of my other purchases. we should give a shout out when our jackets arrive, it will be a race around the globe.
@rolts i'm actually enjoying all my deliveries from amazon while waiting for my baubax jackets!! lol.... and all my kickstarter items are slowly one by one reaching me after delays. most kickstarter campaign have delays. so far only 1 i backed have no delay, the rest..... all delay more than a mth, some 2, some no news on delivery yet. at least baubax now have a delivery date i can look forward to. and i'm not caring if i'm in the dec or jan batch. i'm too busy with amazon and other things in life. @rolts @melissa, @ibrahim, @bruce, @gin, let's see which of us gets our baubax jackets 1st!!! lol
@ gail, you do realise you are a backer of a start up - this isn't amazon. it is a fledgling company at best; still coming to grips with the reality of a massive over subscription and the consequential manufacturing and delivery logistics that ensue. if this is too difficult to accept, crowd funding may not be for you. having backed a number of projects on kickstarter, this one looks to be the most punctual so far. despite estimated delivery times and references to gifting on the campaign page, you need to remember that the funds were seed funding, there was no product or infrastructure in place until after the funds were transferred from kickstarter, a couple of weeks after the campaign closed.
no way to run a company. greatly disappointed.
just read through some post and started thinking about ship days. like many i planned for this to be a christmas present. i gave a heads up to the recipients that they may be getting their gift late. this has happened on our family before so isn't a huge deal. just some food for thought. when ordering clothes in bulk, items are shipped together in the same box by size. the first round of shipping may have nothing to do with the order of backers but instead on size of item selected. for example, the first round may be x small to medium and the second round large to xx large.
first time posting but it's december 1st where is my jacket?!?!?!  kidding.. only joking...  i never posted before but man ive always checked in to see comments to get a good laugh...  i can't wait until i get my jacket.. don't really care when that is.. im not going to say there aren't moments where i wished i had the jacket but i've survived without it before so ill be ok.  crazy how many people planned their trips with the jacket in mind.. just think positive people this will only mean you can plan another trip for your self that you can take the jacket on. finally good job to the people who continuously return to answer the questions of the backers who do not understand the kickstarter platform and answer the questions that are oft repeated!! soon enough we will all have our jackets but be calm my fellow backers!!
since there are now 3 delivery windows, when will we be notified about which window we're in?
marcel it's the same for me...  i'm shipping to someone's house,  then they will send it to me.
@marcel: you and everyone else mate.
if it's at all possible could you kindly include me in the first group to ship in december. i will be moving out of the country and it will take us a while to get settled since we will be looking for a place to rent and then buy in 6 months. so, if we are not in the first shipment it may months before we will be able to get ours. thank you in advance for your cooperation.
hi guys and gals at baubax, i was just wondering, if you happen to have any details, if the sweatshirt i put myself down for will be shipped in december? i live in australia, and am actually going on a large travel stint on jan 2nd, and was really looking forward to using the travel jacket. just wondering. thanks :d
hello good afternoon. when will i know the shipment of my order? notice sent to my email?
to change your delivery address;  on the desktop site;  1. go to the campaign page  2. scroll down to your reward, it will be green to show your choice  3. at the bottom of the box is 'your response' link - select it  4. this opens a pop up box. at the top of the pop up is a yellow banner, "need to change your address? click here". this provides a link to update your address.  on the mobile site:  1. select the 'rewards' tab  2. scroll down to your selected reward. it will be green.  3. at the bottom of your selected reward is 'your response' link. select it.  4. this opens a pop up "your survey response" with a yellow banner at the top, "need to change your address? click here."
@ibrahim, you're welcome. another backer alerted me to the fact the addresses could be updated so i verified that that it was possible before posting. i'm glad that it was still an option as there are quite a few backers requesting that change.
ignore that sorry one last question.  remember those half scoop stretch goal gloves we unlocked? i didn't get an option to select them in the survey.   i'm assuming they will be included in my jacket.
i really wanna know if the delivery on the 21st means it's coming to my house (no ) thank you.  if it does take long i will consider delivering it to australia,  hopefully it delivers there much quicker.
i really wanna know if the delivery on the 21st means it's coming to my house (no matter where i am)  or they're just sending the jackets out? because otherwise it might take a month to get to where i live (middle east) thank you.  if it does take long i will consider delivering it to australia,  hopefully it delivers there much quicker.
@mardi it's nothing,  just the update.  just tells what's in the update,  nothing else.  so if you've read the update,  no need to worry.  just the same thing.  it always notifies me about all the updates.
humm - i've emptied my spam folder so can't check that, just want to make sure i'm not missing out.   i filled out my survey so i believe i'm good and just waiting for my package. thanks
@therese, you should have gotten an email from kickstarter about the latest update which is about a shipping delay. if you didn't, check your spam folder and look at update #13.  @mardi, it was an update email from kickstarter. if you didn't get it check your spam folder. you can also just look at update #13 here.
i see some people mentioned getting an email about the delay - i didn't, should i be worried?
thanks so much rolts!  this helped me so much!  i'm so thankful!  finally i can change the address.
@rolts i don't understand,  we can change our addresses?  i thought they were locked down... well hopefully they find out i changed my address.
hey guys,  have still not received my jacket yet.   any timeline for uk deliveries?
some people are shouting because it's delayed...i was complaining because there was a lack of communication, now that they have communicated the delays, i can go back to my other campaigns in peace.
ma, you owe an apology to baubax, not me.
@david and as expected an apology will not help either. tried my best, have it your way then.
@david, i have to agree with you. i've backed another project that was due to deliver in february 2016 and the creator recently announced that the project is delayed with the updated delivery date being september 2016. the shouting going on there is pretty much the same as here. you can't win as a creator when you announce delays. i'm happy as long as i get the product someday. that's not always guaranteed, but thankfully most creators try to avoid not delivering.
ma, you and all the others complaining are being disrespectful to baubax.  it's shameful that you think otherwise.
there is a reason why pebble watches and coolest coolers showed up at retail before all kickstarter backer pledges were satisfied.  these were real, legitimate procurement contracts, with fixed quantities, delivery dates, and the capacity to sue if terms and conditions weren't met.  amazon and best buy can make a claim that a last minute cancellation or delay would hurt their bottom line, which is why those creators had to fulfill those contracts at the expense of backers.  if you really want to think of yourself as an owner or shareholder then you should accept the fact that this group has the lowest priority claim on company assets.
@david and this is why answering your question is redundant because in the end you are not willing to listen or have a viable exchange  but just wanting to nail anyone, who is not in line with you views, against the wall. did i come out wanting to nail you against the wall when you asked me a question? was i being disrespectful to you or the creator in my manner of writing? if me and other backers being wrong is what makes you happy or satisfied, go ahead, i need not say anything else for the evidence of statement made speaks for itself. apparently you have already come out with your dagger drawn before even having an exchange. and for your info. the disrespect to backers who lost cash and not received anything from creators? i was one of them too who has such an experience, so please, spare some wisdom and thought in your writing. to your health my friend, and if i have offended you in any way, i offer my apologies. happy holidays to you.
ma, i can understand your reluctance to answer the question because there really is no answer that does not make you or the other backers that are complaining look bad.  but the reality is that its a relevant question.  what difference does it make when you found out about the delay yesterday versus two weeks ago versus any time at all after the campaign ended.  there was nothing you could do with that information.  you could not expedite the process, you could not cancel your order.   baubax owed you no duty of care to ship in november, as per the kickstarter terms.  the reality is that they have clearly been making a good faith effort to get these jackets made as quickly as possible, something most people here with their narrow self-interests are loathe to admit.  you talk about "taken for a ride", and to me that's disrespectful to people that have actually lost money to projects where creators really did get in over their head or were later found out to have misused backer funds.
@david and another thing, 2 weeks should not be the case, a month or 3 weeks should be more like it. unless they do not have an analyst or they are fairly disconnected with the manufacturing factories they are seeking aid from. if they intend to go into business, they need to really have good foresight and analytical skills to avoid such situations like this, and i am sure they are serious and want to make a best of things, so all the more they should have seen such a problem coming before even 2 weeks.
can you post the photo of the final result with the neck pillow,pen stylus etc?
@david i am very inclined to avoid answering your question for the the fact that their mistakes of not living up to the supposed/stated delivery date was their own doing and undoing and not a backer created reason to fire off at them. second, i know no matter what answer i give will not satisfy you. but let me play along for now.... 2 weeks? how will i respond? it all depends on the manner in which they explain themselves and how in light of their mistakes will they make amends. while many backers will not be happy because of the undeniable fact that they already broke their promise, i am sure if they were transparent and honest of their mistake, it will not be as heated up as telling backers at the last minute.
ma, what would you have done if you had known about the delay two weeks ago?
@david honestly speaking i ain't bothered by that. if they managed to get into the early bird last minute, good for them and i guess i was not paying attention enough. what bugs me more is how the project creators promise and say one thing but take us  on a ride without at least being transparent with informing us in advance. such a big number of orders makes a delay even more obvious and hence they should have known and have informed us, not after update #10 and after the last day of november.
those of you suggesting that early birds should/will get their jackets first, i'm going to present some information that may make you rethink that position.  on the last day of the campaign people started dropping pledges, and lots of slots in fixed reward tiers started to open up.  you can still see this on the campaign page, there are a few fixed level tiers with open spots that were abandoned literally at the last minute.  however, most of those slots did not stay open long as many that were patient, persistent, and lucky were able to snap them up within a matter of seconds of becoming available.  some may have been newcomers to the campaign, but i suspect most were existing backers at a higher cost tier looking to snag a cheaper price if it was available. so the bottom line is that many of those early, earlier, and earliest birds were not really all that early to the campaign.  they were just in the right place at the right time to score a good deal.   given the attitudes expressed by some of you over the past few days i can't imagine these people getting their jackets first would sit too well with you.
not really workable with clothing justus.  you can't predict the sizes, colours and styles people are going to order.  if someone's order is ready to ship, it should ship, and not sit on some shelf because some bizzare oneoff scheduled for the end of production was promised to ship first. i suppose that will not stop people from continuing to say that baubax could still have capped every reward tier. i am not sure those same people realize that its somewhat hypocritical to say on one hand that baubax is not allowed to make money while on the other hand backers are entirely entitled to be selfish and demand orders be stopped so that their specific reward is not affected.
it's a lesson for creating a campaign. good campaigns i've backed had the same reward level with limited volume multiple times, always with a delivery time +1 month or so. for example that would have been "baubax bomber or windbreaker, 149$, delivery nov '15, 200 available" and then "baubax bomber or windbreaker, 149$, delivery dec '15, 200 available" and so on. you immediately have an order of shipment, it's smaller chunks etc. well, thanks for the tip, captain hindsight.
@jeffrey i suppose those who will receive the first run will be the early birds, which is rightfully so. alot of companies and project creators will try to cut corners and manipulate things in a way to achieve the funds they need and due to the kickstarter policies which grants great power to project creators along with the lack of accountability, it makes a perfect platform for companies who love to cut corners at the expense of backers. while some are smarter not to make any empty promises of delivery so they will not be digging a hole for themselves. there are exceptional examples though, and i felt if more project creators learn from creators like peak deign, thirteen/50, and gobag (they are delayed but they are going the extra mile for backers due to their mishap which i really commend), things will be alot more upfront and professional.
i get there are delays, i'm realistic. sadly, the poor communication is probably the main reason people are so upset about the delays. it's definitely annoying,  sadly i'm going on the trip of a lifetime december 20 without a jacket. 50% of the features i will probably never use now to be honest. oh well
after reading all the comments from the backers and the lack of answers from the baubax team, this appears to be another botched ks project. design and getting potential backers hooked while important isn't as important as delivering on your investor promises.  i'm still wondering how and who will be chosen for those 1st run in december and who will get the short straw at the end of the line. i, for one, would be more than pissed if i was at the end and would kick and fight the whole way. this is a problem created by baubax and now you must either find more capacity or live with the consequences (and responsibility) of taking the heat and answering all the question with transparency. this is very disappointing.
will you ship to super early bird first?
to change your delivery address; on the desktop site; 1. go to the campaign page 2. scroll down to your reward, it will be green to show your choice 3. at the bottom of the box is 'your response' link - select it 4. this opens a pop up box. at the top of the pop up is a yellow banner, "need to change your address? click here". this provides a link to update your address. on the mobile site: 1. select the 'rewards' tab 2. scroll down to your selected reward. it will be green. 3. at the bottom of your selected reward is 'your response' link. select it. 4. this opens a pop up "your survey response" with a yellow banner at the top, "need to change your address? click here."
@creator "never make a promise or business statement you can't keep." what kills is not that there are delays, it's not being able to deliver (which clearly you (creators) mentioned) on timing you stated in the campaign and in update #10, and the last straw was your lack of transparency until the last minute. while many are going to defend you, problem is, you have just dug a hole for yourself by making those bold claims, which you could have avoided if you did not mention those deadlines. i guess for the sake of making more cash, one can say anything to rope people in. @cody it will be exceptional if they did compensate us with anything, but something they should consider, having failed to deliver on the time they themselves imposed.
totally echo with other backers out there. i backed up this project so that i could receive the jackets before the holiday season and give out the jacket as christmas gift. baubax team was too greedy to push for more orders and make more $ in exchange of delayed shipping time. it's unacceptable. and very disappointing to your "investors/customers"
@rolts, you see what i mean now. i knew they will be late, all they have to do is to be honest in the very first place and not wait till the very last minute. as you already know i backed dozens of projects, being honest and good communications is important.
i ordered 3 blazers 1 bomber, can i just cancel it? since your estimated that you can deliver all blazers are on feb. 2016 which i assumed you can deliver it in asia - i don't want to wait any longer, it supposed to be for a gift this christmas season. i don't know :(
do you guys remember that baubax said that the product will arrive before christmas ? :)
or maybe even a request for all people that ordered this as a holiday gift to try and get those orders out on that first trial shipment to make it on time. or make the dec 21 shipment a rush delivery for these people.  many options to bridge the gap of customer service between what was originally promised and what is resulting from your recent delay update on the very last day of promised shipping month.
perhaps a show of good faith such as an included free bauxbax blanket or a discount code for any future bauxbax orders would make up for this shipping delay and poor communication. i know it would make me feel like my original "donation / investment" in this company was not wasted on another company that didn't care to hold up their end of the bargain. i am among the many that will now be giving a make-shift gift card as an xmas gift to a loved one because the manufacturer i choose to financially back in return for a product didn't come through on their end of the deal and promises.  anybody from bauxbax care to respond?
received my email yesterday telling me i may not receive my jacket til as late as february. i understand baubax have been inundated with orders, but this is really disappointing. i'm off overseas travelling after christmas and i ordered the jacket especially. not a lot of point getting the jacket after i get home.
@ rolts - i get it. over on update 13, there were many new comments, but no responses. so, i posted four comments on different issues. i then posted them here as well. i guess the volume upset him. of course, some folks might not like the posts because it is not what they want to hear. "my mind is made up. don't confuse me with facts."
@rolts & @marie, actually there was a comment earlier with a response from an email from baubax that said to go to your survey response and you can edit the shopping address there.
@ marie: regarding changing delivery address. delivery addresses were locked down on 8th november. i would assume that they have now been passed to the logistics group charged with the task of delivering rewards. it is too late to change. you now need to make arrangements to have your package forwarded to your new address. you could try contacting the creators at support@baubax.com but they appear to be overwhelmed by various demands from backers.
@ bruce; my comment referred to the stfu posting, that seemed to be directed at you. my local interpretation = shut the xxxx up. may be  a regional misunderstanding, i hope it was.
hi there, anyone knows how i can reach the baubax team? just saw the update that the jackets won't reach the address as stated and i'll need to change it.
@ dan martini - rolts thinks you were being too hard on me. i'm not sure why he thought that, or what it was that you were upset about. as stated before, i have no connection to baubax, but i do have some experience with ks projects, and 40+ years of working in the corporate world. also, my 27 years in the military taught me that you used the wrong acronym. the one you should have used was fubar - [fouled] up beyond all recognition. my generation learned that in vietnam, but it could describe the situation here.
@obi wan i agree with your side of the story that we should anticipate and not back a project with the idea that the product will be delivered on time. however, @leng kee also has a lot of valid points too. if they stated clearly that they are on time for delivery in november than they should live up to that statement, rather than waiting till the last day of november before updating the backers. so while i agree that damage has been done and we got to wait it out, it is undeniable that the creators communicated poorly and failed to live up to the end of their bargain of stating that the jackets will be made before holidays on he campaign page and update #10. even if they saw it coming, they should have informed us in advance (i am sure it ain't hard to inform in advance its not like we will kill them for being honest). poor management, lack of transparency, and poor anticipation on their end. i believe we have to be patient as you mentioned, but neither can we deny the mistakes the creators made.
people....remember....its just a piece of clothing...no ones life depends on it, no ones trip/holiday will the ruined without it....just relax..... you will receive your items eventually.   for all those that had planned them for christmas presents, just print out a voucher and learn a lessen you should never plan that things on kickstarter go to schedule.
not to take side, but baubax failed badly at customers relation/"donor relation". i prefer to call it "investor relation" since if it a donation den no one should expect a return/rewards. backers invested baubax idea so tat this project can launch. anyone who do business should know tat, the company should inform the outcome/changes to the investment. in update 10, baubax said this "are you still on time to deliver in november? yes we are. so far so good. we are proud to say that we are on track to ship out the jackets by end of november and there aren’t any blind spots detected yet. we’ll keep you posted if anything comes up in the future. we are working with 4 different factories for the 4 styles. hence, the risk and workload is divided by not putting all our eggs in one basket."  which give all backers the impression tat they are able to make it for end nov delivery. from oct 2nd till nov 30th (which abt 2 month), you (baubax) mean you only detected the blind spot for not being able to deliver on time at 30th nov itself!? if you had inform all the backers earlier in regards to the delay, the disappoint may not be tat bad. you made everyone waited till d day and broke the new abt delay shipment, which made the biggest disappointment to most backers who had supported your idea. reason was volume was too much to handle, if tat was the case why did you push for more order from backers till the very last day of this project and even had pre-order on the another site. you should not be greedy for more if you cant handle it. look on the bright side, if delay of shipment is to ensure quality of jackets, baubax you have done a great job in not rushing for bad quality jackets and i hope when we receive our jackets, the quality of the jackets dun disappoint us again. baubax, definitely have to learn how to face angry and disappointed "investors" yourself rather den just let helpful backers to ans all question from other backers. handling all the backers question here is your task not backers themselves and this just show tat you have no concerned abt your backers. if you are able to ans question on indiegogo i see no excuse why you cant ans question here and let backers slot out themselves. the least you could do is to be honest with the update of the progress of the jackets and inform all backers once there is any changes to it, not wait till the very last day to say "i'm sorry". i see not much of issue for the delay, just dun give ppl a false impression, be honest in your update which will make thing easier for most of us. disclaim: this is just my thought for baubax, not targeting anyone here.
to be honest, i'd rather the product be delivered late and produced well vs rushed to delivery and poorly made.  i agree that they could have done a better job in updating dates and milestones to their backers but given the unforeseen magnitude in scope, we should cut them some slack.  besides patience is a virtue.
@ dan, unnecessarily harsh comment directed towards bruce, who is only trying to clarify for those new to ks.
need to change your delivery address? i received this message today. please login to your kickstarter account and visit our campaign page. scroll to the reward level that you have pledged for (the reward will appear in green). click on the hyperlink to access your survey. the survey response will give you an option to make changes to your shipping address.
so pleased to get a delivery timeframe email today!  yay, can't wait..
save your complaints for someone who cares.  that is no one.  think twice before pledging your hard earned money on these sketchy projects.  all you will hear is that you donated your money, so there will be no return  you have no recourse so it shows up when it shows up if it shows up.  in the future, since you are donating your money, ask yourself is someone's social experiment the best recipient of your donation, or are their perhaps more worthy causes, such as the feeding homeless or your favorite charity.  sucks to feel had, but its reality when you are funding someone else's dream.  think twice.
@bruce gilliland stfu
the delay was shorter than i expected. anyone else happy about the delivery timeline? :d
well i am bummed out that delivery has been pushed so far out. i was expecting to receive it for the holidays. for what i see i won't have it for my holiday gifting and to take it in my personal travel as i was planning. i wish that i could say that i was excited with the news but not really. :(
hey bruce, yeah. i posted these just after the update but have been off line/sleeping. have seen that you, david, melissa and gin have been active. nice to see a few other backers wading in with their moderating comments as well. so many backers who were certain they were getting a jacket produced for their needs only. smh the delivery address issue and requests for refunds look substantial but given there are 45k backers, they remain a small minority.
hey rolts - i beat you this time. :)  scroll down about a dozens messages below. but, it's good you posted because so few people take time to read recent comments before they post a question that was answered right below their post.
@ those wanting a voucher/pdf to gift while waiting for the jacket, this one was put together by gin, another backer. http://imgur.com/cbvxnhf
regarding refunds: there will not be a refund, you will not be able to reverse your credit card charge because you donated the funds. in return you are going to receive rewards according to the amount you donated. if you are going to back kickstarter projects, you must read the ks terms and conditions that you agreed to when you signed up. it is all there in the faqs on the kickstarter front page. read everything.  regarding changing delivery address. delivery addresses were locked down on 8th november. i would assume that they have now been passed to the logistics group charged with the task of delivering rewards. it is too late to change. you now need to make arrangements to have your package forwarded to your new address. you could try contacting the creators at support@baubax.com but they appear to be overwhelmed by various demands from backers.
perhaps a built-in bathing suit would be a nice added feature at this juncture. "hey kids!!, just in time for spring break!!!"
i hope everyone complaining appreciates the irony that, had they not backed the project, those of  us that did may have gotten our jackets on time thanks to the reduced order volume.
@ ketts - oh, never mind.
kett- the campaign has always said *estimated* delivery november.  the size of the campaign success means that delays would be very very likely.  not once did they guarantee delivery in november.
@ lana - please see my comment 3-4 posts below yours about address changes. that is about all we non-baubax people can say here. @ richard - see my comment about refunds, or lack thereof, a few posts below yours. that is my opinion and not an official representation of baubax.
bought entirely because they said delivery would happen in november.  of course received an email at the end of november that delivery won't be til next year.  what a joke.  wish there was a way to get my money back from these scammers.
@pamela: hopefully you are able to. i am fairly certain i won't be getting mine before my end of january vacation. but it's to be expected, this did get bigger than initially thought, and production can never be guaranteed to be done on time.
so many of these comments make me smile. i'm still hoping to get my jacket before my february trip but if i don't then it'll get used after :)
hi, since the delivery dates got updated, i was wondering if there was a way to update the mailing address? i have a move coming up and i don't want the jackets to be sent to the wrong place!
@ - all people who are calling baubax a scam, etc. - i assume you have never seen any other business advertisement that was questionable, misleading, confusing, etc. yes, baubax "misled" us by making us believe we would get our jackets in november. i suspect that if they said the jackets would arrive after the first of the year, many of us would not have pledged. but as i said months ago, i am getting a jacket for many future uses, not just for one immediate trip. if your trip in december is the last one you will take, i am sorry. for that immediate trip, i suspect we will all have to just do what we have always done when we travel. we all have other jackets with multiple pockets, a backpack, a carry-on bag, etc.
@ all people wanting their money back - if you read the ks faq, you will see that you are pledging and backing a new product. you are not ordering a product from an existing retail operation. as long as baubax eventually delivers your jacket - a reward for pledging - then they have met their obligation. so, i doubt any refunds will be made. the best we can hope for is that the jackets fit once we do get them.
i am very disappointed. main reason i backed the project was to use it to go on my first international trip in december. now i might not be able to use it since i never get to travel. so sad.
@ - all people wanting to change their shipping address - i assume you will have notified your local post office of your new address and arranged for any mail to the old address to be forwarded. however, the jackets could be delivered by one of the private carriers. let's hope that if these are used, you will get an e-mail with a tracking number from the carrier. you will then need to contact that carrier to arrange for delivery to a different address. this could incur an additional charge. if you will have a trusted person at the original address, then they can accept the package and re-ship it to you at your new/current address. as has been pointed out, baubax closed out updates and changes of address back on nov. 8, after giving only a few days notice. you can try contacting support@baubax.com, but i doubt you will have any luck at this point.
@ dan - i assume you will have notified your local post office of your new address and arranged for any mail to the old address to be forwarded. however, the jackets could be delivered by one of the private carriers. let's hope that if these are used, you will get an e-mail with a tracking number from the carrier. you will then need to contact that carrier to arrange for delivery to a different address. this could incur an additional charge. as has been pointed out, baubax closed out updates and changes of address back on nov. 8, after giving only a few days notice. you can try contacting support@baubax.com, but i doubt you will have any luck at this point.
i will be moving on december 22 which will likely be before my order is delivered.  what process do i have to go through if i need to change my delivery address?
totally appreciate the challenges of getting the manufacturing process right in the beginning! would have appreciated a communication on where things were earlier than last day in november. i've been waiting and waiting and with no news, you started to get suspect in my mind. you're a new company so please consider updating a lot more frequently, even if the news isn't good. good luck!
please allow backers the option to modify their shipping address since some (like me) may not be available at our home address during the holidays.
shame on you. get the money first, screw the client. your design might be nice but your business savvy is poor. great idea with poor execution. obviously too big for you to chew. i expect that you will continue to blame others. next, you will tell us that all the money is gone and you have no product.
thank you for the update and your honesty. now stop reading this and go get us our jackets asap!
i guess i shouldn't say "i told you so," but the delivery schedule in the latest update is about what i predicted several months ago. i had said before the project closed in september that we probably wouldn't get the jackets before the new year. the update confirms that. for all the people expecting the jacket by november because they had extensive travel plans, i assume you made alternate plans. i also assume you have other jackets. i realize that many backers did not have a lot of experience with ks projects and assumed that the november date was accurate and reasonable. did baubax mislead us? well, they made the same mistake we backers made - assuming that a schedule based on no previous experience could be met. they also didn't consider the history of most ks projects. all they had to do was look at the coolest cooler project (i'm still waiting for mine), to see what would happen. @ michael courney, jay cam, alan stephen - thanks for your relevant comments.
wow!. i'm not sure exactly when the update was released, but the comments have blown up in the past few hours. i just logged on (9:25 a.m. u.s. central time). there must be a few hundred comments here and on the update page. rolts, i commend you for trying to keep up with it all.
thanks for the update, i hope someone at baubax is reading these! i am not surprised at the delays, when i've backed kickstarter projects that include physical products i know it's a bit of a gamble - the only ones that don't seem to miss shipping targets are books, probably because their production is not new technology.  honestly i'm happy if the product just turns out to be what was described. i am not in a hurry for my sweatshirt (and pocket blanket, i hope), so if there's any way to sort people by urgency, put the ones who want stuff by xmas first.  thanks.
i also hope you will notify us when our jackets are sent because mine is coming to mexico and i want to make sure there are no problems with delivery.
you will inform us when the package will be sent ? is there going to be a tracking number ? thanks
@ rolts, that jurni thing looks silly. ill stick to my osprey , thanks.  also, is there any way to contact you after this ends? xd
gee. all the angsty people. did your aunt came early or something? @rolts, thanks for your endless answering of repeated questions, and for agreeing to my half assed coupon. @ e rest: nope. no refunds for seeding ideas. it's like "hey ive just used this golden tissue to clean my ass. but i regret using now". good gosh. its long gone. yer not buying, yer freakin giving seed money to bring something to life. yes, they have shittiest communication (hell, letting a few level 15 backers fend against the endless zerg rush too? thats some epic support there bruh), but they did get the stupid thing done no? its not like any of us didnt expect delays. and its not like we are buying something for a one trip purpose (wtf, me blowing 400sgd on some bomber just so i can wear it once and let it sit in mu wardrobe? biggest waste ever.). heck no! you use something for more than one time. unless its a toy, or a disposable. if you are not happy, do yourself a favour and go freakin list the goddamned jacket on ebay or something and get your money back. geezus. pardon the language
jay cam, in spite of what backers wish to think this project is basically "on time" by kickstarter standards.  if production had been delayed by six months, then allowing shipping address updates is understandable.  but the reality is with shipping starting in two weeks, the address lockdown needed to happen now (or rather, a month ago to give them time to sort through all the other changes people have been incessantly asking for). the even more real reality is that it is a bad idea to order something that doesn't have a firm shipping window when you have no fixed address!
i know this will get lost in the noise, but i'd like to thank @rolts for all his patience in answering the same question multiple times. i don't think i could have done it. i've backed over 200 products and one of them - the third i backed - is currently 30 months late and it still isn't clear when it will come. i have also had two where the creator has taken the money and run, and at least another one where i still think that will happen. i've had more than one project where the creator has actively lied about shipping in order to try and cover up his mistakes. none of those things have put me off backing projects. and, crucially, none of them have happened here. kickstarter is about backing an idea. you're not even buying anything. you're supporting an idea and in return the creator gives you a gift ('reward') which may be something tangible (like a jacket or a dvd) or may be nothing more than your name and a thank you on a website. it wasn't on this one, but many projects have a minimum tier of $1 to chip in just to be part of it. there's no doubt that communication wasn't brilliant, in fact it's been dreadful, but given the upscaling of production this has been a very well run project. to produce 500x what you expected, from multiple manufacturers, and only be 2 weeks or so late (because let's face it, if the test run took place today they'd be claiming they were on time as some backer rewards would have shipped in november) is a phenomenal achievement. actually, i believe that once the ks total had been reached, and the decision has to be made for multiple manufacturers,  then the indiegogo campaign helps rather than hinders to enable better contracts. the estimated date is the one planned at the outset. anything which changes that as the campaign continues, such as needing bigger quantities, will affect that date. many ks creators have stretch goals during the campaign, but many don't as these make the project 'late'. frankly i consider anything within 6 months to be 'on time' for a ks project. and even if november had been achieved, i never expected that to mean anything more than it starting shipping then, not for it to be in my hands. tl;dr:  i'm sure i'm getting a quality product as early as i could get it. and thanks to baubax (even though they don't read this) for that. thanks again to @rolts and the other posters contributing to help set expectations.
wow, looking at the backers comment section indeed an eye-opener, people talk like they needed the jacket to survive a coming ice age winter~ ks projects are always late! to those who says they supporting several projects and all of them are on time, you must be really lucky or you are not actually pledging on many. and also, as you say you are supporting so many projects, you should well aware that there is a risk you lose all your money pledged if the project failed.
@ hyoeun just clarification "rolts" is a backer like you and me not a rep of baubax. creators are expected only to give refunds if they for some reason "will not be able to continue with a project" but even then it is only possible if the funds aren't already committed/spent. in this case they will deliver and the funds are committed as production is underway. delays are expected and i too am disappointed, but until a ramp up has happened it is not possible to update an expectation without analysing the progress and quality from the production. what has been done wrong is at the beginning of nov we should have been advised there will be a delay due to the increased backer level. (most expected this but many ignored it) address lockdown should have been delayed until a confirmation of shipping was completed as it should be expected that peoples lives are fluid. i have had many project creators who have delayed the lockdown specifically for this reason. this comment area is more of a backer forum in this particular project and if you would like to speak to someone from the team you should use the email.
anyway thank you for your reply for my comments and i am gonna wait the jacket with a big expectation~
i totally understand what you are saying, and still tryinf to understand the situation you stuck in. i can figure out the differenciation btw online shopping mall and kickstarter system. what i wanna say is your attitude. it seems like there is nothing wrong about all of these issues because it's a donation system. but you have ti aware that we could be your future customet and i think of i were you i woul start any comments with apolozing because the promise was broken. i hope you get what i am saying
unofficial baubax faq 1)  posting in the comments is a waste of time.  baubax doesn't read them -- neither do most of the backers.  they also do not read comments on their facebook page, or at indiegogo.  if you want to contact baubax do so at support@baubax.com. 2)  the communication on this campaign is terrible.  it may not be the worst by any kickstarter campaign ever -- but don't let the bdf (baubax defence force) convince you it is "ok".  there are many campaigns that do a great job at it. 3)  the delay was predictable -- but that doesn't make it "ok".  i am backing numerous campaigns that are delivering very close to their promise date.  and this is a frickin' travel jacket -- no long lead tooling/dies or complicated technology to screw up their timing. 4)  baubax has known about this delay for months.  in order to hit their november ship date, the containers would have had to have left asia near the beginning of november -- that means production would have had to have begun near the beginning of october (which didn't happen). 5)  there will likely be future delays -- and don't expect baubax to tell you when your jacket will arrive in advance.  you will likely get a tracking number by e-mail when it ships.  if you are non-u.s., expect shipping to take several weeks (and remember you are responsible for customs costs). 6)  "but i bought it for a christmas present / trip of a life time / to give to my dying aunt".  cool story bro.  bet that this is the last time you decided to get something time sensitive  on kickstarter. 7) "just give them a pdf for christmas" -- if you want to be "that person" -- go ahead.  recognize that the jacket may not arrive for months.  i suggest you save it for a birthday present. 8)  "i demand a refund" -- that's nice -- kickstarter campaigns generally don't give refunds -- it's in the terms of service. in summary, the delay sucks -- deal with it.  only bother posting for the cathartic value.  expect future delays.  oh yes, contact buabx at support@baubax.com -- not here.
@david :touche!!!!
is there any way that i can change the delivery address.... because i thought it will deliver on november and at that time im still in aussie.... but on december im going back to my home country for three months.... and nobody at aussie will able to pickup the delivery because the house will be empty.... please be a way to change the delivery address.. because i really want to wear it asap...
it's amazing how many of you have apparently been planning your entire lives around the estimated delivery of these jackets.
disappointing, it was os suppose to be christmas present for my girlfriend :(
wow, people can be so rude over a jacket...... if you have pledged different project from kickstarter, then you know this is not the worst project ever.... pledge, it's not buying. can you imagine if you have about 10 different factories in a different area and all doing your clothing, and you need constantly checking, tracking, and ensuring everything is at the same standard with 10 different factories. it's not easy my friends. your request for refund and your disappointment won't help the project quicker. if you were expecting a present to delivery to you on time, there is always a website call amazon, and with prime member, you got next day delivery if you in uk !!!
oh nononono.... ;(  the jacket is a christmas present for my husband. even if you guys send it out at 21st of dec, can it be arrived on time? i'm in u.s.. so sad to hear this delay.
photo of the final product please
the delay is disappointing, but understandable. question though please-is there a way that you can let us know if we are on the december shipping list? thank you
@geri, why  disappointed? you're going to get your rewards a month or two late. from my experience on kickstarter , that is actually really good. some of the projects i've backed have been 6 months or more past estimated delivery. if you want a product for a set date, as a gift for example, regular online stores are the go. here you get to be in on the launch of new and innovative products. it's exciting but much less predictable from the delivery point of view.
the wait is obviously upsetting. the communication is probably the most irritating part. to me it seems like they are hiding and that doesn't build good customer service. let's hope the products come out well and of good material for all the waiting we will be doing.  i feel like most people are asking for refunds because of how upset they must be. this was a personal gift for myself so waiting isn't the end of the world. yet for some, with the christmas seasons coming and having donated such an amount to later find out at the latest they will be receiving an item will be 3 months later. well i would be pretty upset if it was a gift.  let's hope no more delays happen and if they do, they choose to do the right thing and properly communicate with us.
very disappointed. :(
@ hyoeun; the no refund issue is not the creators policy, it is part of the kickstarter terms and conditions. you need to understand these when you sign up. you are not purchasing items here. you are donating capital and in return are given rewards to thank you for your support. the initial campaign gets locked down by kickstarter when the project goes live to prevent alteration and to protect backers. delivery times are always estimated. once again, this is not an online store.
* if
@hyoeun:f you are going to back kickstarter projects, you must read the ks terms and conditions that you agreed to when you signed up. it is all there in the faqs on the kickstarter front page. read everything.  you need to understand that when you donate funds to a kickstarter project, you are providing seed funding to a start up. this is not an established company with production and distribution structures in place, it is a group of people with a great idea seeking funding to begin production. to expect a start up to function like a fully blown on-line store is only going to lead to disappointment.
disappointing - i leave for cold london town next saturday ☹️ i had hoped to have my jacket to keep me warm and organised.
i cannot believe that you guys cannot calculate the quantity and delievery time even roughly. and if i were you, before notify the not refund policy, i would like to say 'sorry'. anyway i am really disappointed.
no whining here.  in kickstarter terms a few months off with the estimated delivery date is actually early.  very nice job!!!!! check out the coolest now that estimate was way off!!
thank you for the update!! :)  i would still like my indiegogo survey, though!
@ mike; +1
sigh, and now the s-storm of bitching and whining because people don't read the t&c and thought they were "ordering" instead of "backing"....
regarding changing delivery address.  delivery addresses were locked down on 8th november. i would assume that they have now been passed to the logistics group charged with the task of delivering rewards. it is too late to change. you now need to make arrangements to have your package forwarded to your new address. you could try contacting the creators at support@baubax.com but they appear to be overwhelmed by various demands from backers.
if there are no refunds, can i change my delivery address?
@ rafael; +1
merriam-webster defines crowdsourcing as: "...the process of obtaining needed services, ideas, or content by soliciting contributions from a large group of people, and especially from an online community, rather than from traditional employees or suppliers..." that means, for any of you who is new to this and is willing to read, we don't buy products. we "chip in" to fund an idea. if and when the idea becomes reality, our reward as co-sponsors of the idea, is the fruit of the idea. being too successful in kickstarter tends to be a problem also, as projected production goes to the roof and that screws up planning and logistics to the nth level. baubax had a target budget of $20,000 which means they were probably expecting to make about $100,000 if they were very successful. now factor in what they really made, and now instead of managing one production run on a single factory, they have to manage several on around 20. this is a really big issue. bottom line is, if you want to give someone a gift or get ready for a trip, you ought to go to gap and not kickstarter.
@viral chopra; please read my comment below yours. it may not have been visible when you posted.
i had ordered the bomber jacket from kickstarter. my id is under name of viral chopra  https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/47430707 one of the main reasons for ordering the jacket was that i could take it for holidays in winters and then later use it till winters last. as i will be travelling for 3 months from mid dec till feb last.   today, when i got the update of you are not sending the jackets till 21st dec i was totally disappointed. now, after reading your mail i think i have no reason left to give you another chance or wait for it to come. i sincerely request you to kindly refund my money and cancel my order.  the jacket will be of no use for me if it arrives any later now as i will be out of my country throughout. using it next year in winters is of no thrill to me to spend that many dollars. as you aware in india winters last only for couple of months and then its gone. without further delay please cancel my order now asap. regards viral chopra
regarding refunds:  there will not be a refund, you will not be able to reverse your credit card charge because you donated the funds. in return you are going to receive rewards according to the amount you donated. if you are going to back kickstarter projects, you must read the ks terms and conditions that you agreed to when you signed up. it is all there in the faqs on the kickstarter front page. read everything.  you need to understand that when you donate funds to a kickstarter project, you are providing seed funding to a start up. this is not an established company with production and distribution structures in place, it is a group of people with a great idea seeking funding to begin production. to expect a start up to function like a fully blown on-line store is only going to lead to disappointment.
i'm going back to malaysia by december. i was hoping my order will arrive here in australia before i leave. i assume you would do refunds soon?
i only ordered your jackets because they were supposed to ship for november and they were intended for xmas presents.  i'm assuming you'll be offering refunds?
@gin; thanks for the creative work, i've posted the details on the update as well.
@ those wanting a voucher/pdf to gift while waiting for the jacket, this one was put together by gin, another backer. http://imgur.com/cbvxnhf
it was christmas presents. i live in hong-kong, intend to offer the two bombers i bought to my friends during my holidays in france. so, what i'm going to do with them now... do not need it if cannot have them for christmas. at least, we could have had some news before end november, delivery time initially promised !!!!!
as a wise man in jurassic park once said "hold on to your butts"
* support@baubax.com
@ ibrahim; delivery addresses were locked down on 8th november. i doubt that you can change your delivery address. you may need to make arrangements for someone to forward the jacket on to you at your new address. you could try to contact the creators at baubax@support.com but i'm not sure whether this will help as they seem to be overwhelmed by contacts from backers for all types of changes to their rewards.
also,  if they're shipped out on dec 21st (assuming)  does that mean they're going to take time to deliver to where we live?  because sometimes courier companies take a month to get to the middle east.  i think i'll go to australia in january and change my address.  that way hopefully i'll get it quicker.....
how do i change my shipping address,  do i just email them? i'm shifting houses very very soon,  early december maybe.  i'm going to another country.  what do i do now?  i have a right to change my address,  and im moving to australia in january,  so i'll have to give that address...
well, i wanted to have it by the end of the year, but it will be good to have it available for the next one anyway. there's always bad weather and having the travel jacket ready in the future sure helps a lot. ... i will need to get a new one before this one arrives in order to let my older jacket retire from duty, though. in any case, thank you for the update!
hello,  how do you determine who gets their jackets in dec vs. feb? random draw? country of delivery? backer number? h
delay is fine, unfortunate, but fine. let's not give them too much grief given that they was the first contact in >3 weeks. happy they finally got in touch.
i guess the team should have given an update earlier if they know they are not able to have the jackets delivered by the end of nov, instead of only updating that they can't by the end of nov (literally the end of nov). this is so disappointing. we were waiting to use the jackets for our vacation, now our plans are spoilt because of the delay.
all my backed kickstarter project are delayed, this is the 3rd one so far and the 4th one was cancelled
i am going on a series of trips at the end of the year and do not expect to be travelling extensively in the foreseeable future. the promised date meant that i was able to have the jacket as my companion for the trip, but that is now not happening. to say i am disappointed is an understatement.
i broke the promise and am really disappointed customers
sent you guys several emails regarding to change my shipping address but till now i got no reply...any other ways to contact you guys directly ?
delay is very annoying.  was hoping to have jacket for holiday travel... this is not a good start to forming relationship with customers.
yeah,i don't think i've had a single kickstarter delivered on time this year... i'm really disappointed about this delay too, one of the reasons i backed it was too have it for my holiday travel, and now it'll most likely arrive after i leave.
seems like delay is the new in-thing for most kickstarter project nowadays.
finally another update. i really do not care if the jacket arrive late , this is kickstarter and not a retail on line store, as long the quality will be good.... so let's wait be patience and hope will arrive next year at this point, thanks creator for the news see ya all...
remember guys, delay is ok. just keep us in the loop and quality is more important to alot of us then speed of delivery. thx for the update
just seen the update on delivery times.  hallelujah for an actual update.  baubax, how will you be determining who gets their delivery first since they will be shipped out in stages?  backer number does not seem practical albeit fairer.
@ steve, liked the compartment concept for parking duty free delivered at the gate in some airports and the pod, but i agree on the weight. my current carry on is probably about 1/3 of this.
@rolts. at 3.3kg it's not going to be on my shopping list. most carriers nowadays have a carry on limit of 7kg. and they're beginning to enforce it. and the "features" eat into the space. (saw a lady at adelaide international forced to have her 8.5kg carry-on bag checked in yesterday). i'm sticking to my samsonite 1.3kg bag.  this is why i love the baubax jacket so much. my heaviest items can be worn: ipad, battery etc.
@ gin; agreed. have you seen this? https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/jurni-the-ultimate-sit-on-carry-on-suitcase#/story
@quintessence - they do have facebook. they literally do not update it anymore after posting crapload of news about their product. if anything they seem to be treating it as a dartboard for people to complain on. @herman eric sim- yes, indeed the target was to deliver out today. but shit happened and boom, they aint gonna do it.  haha. what can we do? suck thumb lor. but yes, i do agree that it is indeed only polite of them to just update us on this (which is unlikely. maybe mid dec for the lulz) @rolts, chill bro. that troll isnt worth the time.
to know some updates, and the timeline when it's going to be delivered, it would be useful. the targetted delivery date was in november 2015. since it's going to be delayed, shouldn't backers get some update on the updated delivery date timeline?
echoing everyone else here--don't care about the delay in shipping, just want an update to assuage any concerns backers are having. i've only backed four kickstarters before and all of them had outstanding communication (and were on time), so the fact that this one is late and there has been no communication is kind of frustrating.
i understand that kickstarter often comes with delays. i think many of the backers here wish for more updates given by the creators.  if giving regular updates on kickstarter is too much of a hassle, or it would be weird to give short updates that might annoy some backers with flooded e-mail inboxes... perhaps i could suggest the creators have a twitter, facebook, or alternative social media in which they can provide micro updates if possible? i think that would be pretty interesting for both parties.
to add to the broken record (or to further break it) - this ire isn't about delivery dates, it's about communication. sure, it might not be e-commerce, but that just means that our deposits are basically equity right now and hence to an even greater degree we deserve some answers.
where is my jacket suppose deliver in november?
hi! when is my jacket coming? please don't tell me now that there have been some delays. it's the end of november already.
hi!  an update would be awesome.  also, i received my survey for kickstarter, but not yet my one for indiegogo.  i would like to have that soon please.  thanks!
@justus hey my fellow peak design backer :) i got to agree with your comment haha but i will tend to be with the side of [where is the jacket/item/update? where is your professionalism/respect etc] :))
@ casualty; update for accuracy, i did say "it's still november' in a post on 22 november, @ jay & laura. again, it was related to managing backer expectations.
we need another system here. we need one button you can klick to sign the "where is my god damn jacket, i paid for this months ago, you guys are the worst, scam, fraud, i-want-my-money-back" statement and one for "guys, this is not amazon, chillaxe, it will come when it comes, goos fabra". this message board is like a broken record (ironically, i might have already said that)
@ casualt; i know i shouldn't feed trolls but let's get you facts right. go to my profile and read my comments here. from early on i have encouraged new backers to manage their expectations both in comments and the update comments. i don't believe i have said it still november. i have frequently stated that projects on kickstarter deliver late from my experience but in each project i've backed, the delivered projects have been worth the wait. from reading your posts on other projects i believe i am correct in calling you out for trolling. it's a pity you don't actually read the comments before posting. maybe it's too dark under the bridge.
it's obvious by most of these comments that most of you have never backed a kickstarter before.  delivery is an estimation, and rarely do they come on time.  most of you said it yourself, they made millions on this.  there are 44,949 people that backed this project.  let's say everyone only paid for one jacket.  that's almost 45k jackets that they have to produce.  that's not counting all the extras in the jacket you're getting and the specialize compartments we are getting.  chill out.  it will come.  yes they should do more updates, or at least keep better contact, but this is far from the worst kickstarter out there in reference to communication.
lack of updates = total unprofessionalism = a company i will never recommend regardless of how good the product ends up being. no level of quality excuses a lack of common respect to the people who fronted you $millions.
please update the shipment status. tomorrow is the end of november.
they are really the worst communicators.... however there is an update shoing production pictures, so it will happen sooner or later. there wont be any refunds, read the tos, always read the tos. as per delivery updates, everyone reading here knows as much as the next guy, its pretty clear by now that babuax isnt reading here.
glitchhawk , well said
@edward ed "winter is soon going to be over" - really?? it isn't even dec and you're complaining winter is going to be over? learn some patience please, it would do you well. and to everyone as well, it says "estimated delivery", not definitive. no, no one has received their jacket(s) yet. yes, baubax has not updated us on shipping so far, which is a bit unprofessional, considering the several other projects i have backed which give updates every couple of weeks. but it took them a month to give an update last time, so if that is their style, expect one sometime next week.
not disappointed that a kickstarter missed its deadline - this happens all the time, somewhat excusable. very disappointed in the lack of updates. happens all too often, there is absolutely zero excuse - especially since the expectation of regularly update is the hallmark of a decent ks campaign, let alone respect.
ain't the delivery supposed to be in nov? is it nov 2016? because winter is soon going to be over. anyone got theirs yet?
1: don't even start expecting a jacket until baubax actually posts an update saying "shipping!" 2: you don't get refunds pretty much ever on kickstarter. stop asking. you knew the risks. and if you didn't its only because you didn't read the kickstarter instructions. 3: chill. 4: it is actually rare that backers never get their rewards on kickstarter. so don't go thinking its a scam just yet. the fact that they even do updates, albeit rare, with actual pictures and information shows otherwise. hold off on your freaking out until late spring or early summer, if you haven't received it by then.. and there is no decent timeline.. then there will be plenty of time to freak out.
calm down guys. your rage will only reflect your impatience- chances are they are too busy to evven read this. as for those who wants a bloody refund: this is a platform for supporting projects, not some e commerce. if you really want a refund, talk to your credit company.
any update on the jacket??? i still have not received mine
where is my item or i'm coming for my money back
lots of comments on here asking for a delivery update... so where is the f@&king update guys?!!!  information delivery halts the pissed off factor of all your kickstarter backers. get your butts into gear and provide answers to the question of production and delivery.
@baubax i can understand there are delays but i think that you can give us informations ! thanks
is possible have refound?
@casualt, don't be like that. it still stands, be patient. we pretty much all know there will be a delay. don't attack rolts for helping people to calm down. he is just giving alternate ideas should the jackets not come in time.
of course we won't get the jackets before christmas! it's 45,000 of us! i would be seriously surprised if any jacket leaves a warehouse before january, let alone all of them we have no idea how far along they actually are. are the jacket designs actually finished? has even one finalized jacket been produced? what is the proposed fulfillment plan? they have to ship the jackets from a total of 10 factories to warehouses and sort them together, a lot of people here have ordered more than one jacket, very likely mixing different styles, which would mean different factories. maybe the windbreakers are ready but the blazers need more time. we also don't know whether they use one gigantic warehouse or several ones, maybe some in asia, some in the us and maybe even europe. an update like "all jackets done, they will be on your doorstep before christmas" would be nothing short of a miracle at this point.
@rolts. alr done.http://imgur.com/cbvxnhf
so, does this mean we will not get it until after christmas?
what happened rolts to backing up baubax saying to everyone who talked about the jacket being delayed that it's not the end of november people give them time be patient blah blah??????
@ backers wanting to gift the jacket rewards,  as this is kickstarter and rewards are often delayed by all sorts of unforeseen issues, as a backup i'd be creating a voucher using a screenshot of the campaign page and letting the recipient know it's coming but may be delayed. this might help. i know it's not the same as giving the actual item, but will show the person you have actually put effort into finding something special for them.
i understand that the campaign has proved to be more ambitious than estimated initially. obviously, we had to expect a delay. this is a kickstarter project, not from big apparel brands ... still, i can't wait to have my jacket and i hope that i'll have it for my trip to vietnam in late february! :)
i would also like a delivery update please
yes, i'd like to follow up the requests below regarding delivery update. hoping to use it for december travel as well.
hi!! could you provide us an update regarding the delivering?! it will be great! thank you!
may i know my order when will arrive? thanks
was hoping for this to ship before my early december travel.  i'm pretty sure i'll be disappointed.
this is a christmas gift. i'd really like to know where it is. thanks.
they are cutting close, keeping my fingers crossed that they can live up to what they mentioned in update #3 [dear backers, we know how special baubax jackets are to you and how badly you would need them for your travel, gifting and festivities later this year. hence, we are getting started with the manufacturing process right away!.....]
it's nearing the end of nov, can we please have an update on the delivery status?
can we please get another update?  mine is a christmas present and would like to know if i will receive it by then. thanks!!!
hello, may i know the shipment status...? thanks...
@bruce we don't celebrate thanks giving here but i celebrated it myself online on amazon.com!!! lol..... so many cool deals!!!! black friday, i'm coming!!!
guys, it says its a 10 inch pocket right on the campaign page.
@rolts, i had hoped the pocket would be a bit more useful for newer tablets. bummer, but thank you for the answer.
typo... @rolts, not @bolts. my bad.
@raymond chang they did say that they would ship in november. i agree that is indeed unlikely, but we shall see. @tony yhap hopefully, but once they have the shipping details firmed out, we'll get an e-mail. @bolts i'd say it depends on which ipad they use. 7" air, or the 10" full size, or larger to allow for cases.  my mc jacket has an "ipad pocket" that will fit a full laptop, power supply, and a ham sandwich. :-)
i'm just wondering if anyone got the email the promised for mid november about the blankets added to our orders
so i'm assuming that were probably gonna get it mid december?
mmm. it seems they are not gonna make it to deliver the jacks in november. :(
@ zharden, the surface pro range as a lot bigger than an ipad, i've got a surface pro 3 and an ipad. the pocket was designed for an ipad, so no the surface will not fit.
anyone know if a surface pro 4 will fit in this jacket's tablet pocket?
aye aye. happy thanksgiving , bruce & all :)
happy thanksgiving to all. you may not celebrate our american thanksgiving holiday, but i hope we all have some things we can be thankful for. yeah, i know. baubax jackets probably won't be one of them. :) but, in our world today, the jacket is the least of our problems. let's find, and make, something positive today, or yesterday for those in the pacific.
@tiffany, because popularity and profits.
@tiffany nguyen; that is a fine question indeed i know some people are starting to question what is going on on that site as well. but at least we already got our surveys
why is there a second funding campaign on indiegogo?
after reading so many comments and without an answer, i doubt none will get it before early december.
@michael chorney; judging by what you said, i'll definitely not get my jacket before i fly out in december... *sigh*.. @maike m; that would be cruel lol
i'd love to write: got my jacket today - just as a prank to freak everybody out...but too cruel, isn't it?
seems like a lot of us are going to be shafted on christmas gifts... :/
i'd love to just get the jacket today and have baubax be all "surprise!! hahahaha!!! and y'all doubted us!!"  i mean-i know that won't happen.  but a girl can dream.
baubax whatver happen please dont rush the making of jacket anf end up sending unpolished product remember if you r here to stay then u better make it right thanks
fyi -- one of the other projects i backed, just had their first container leave the plant in china.  it is due at port on december 16th in seattle.  unless they've already started shipping from the factories to the us, a christmas reward receipt for usa backers may be difficult for baubax to achieve.
@ maxim; there has been no information that the delivery has begun. in the survey email sent a short while back:  "we are now working closely with logistics partners to work the schedule for delivery to all our backers located in 120+ countries. we will convey this information once the delivery schedule is finalized."
how do i know you sent the parcel?
@katme - i got really bored, so here goes : http://imgur.com/cbvxnhf note- this is not a real voucher.
@lin li - too bad. change of mailing address has closed since 2 weeks ago. however you may try your luck at emailing them at support@baubax. or facebook msging them. @gcmmrt - sure. how about 30th nov? actually, nah, not possible . they're defo not some godly company with ability to ship out 40000 or more jackets in just one day even if they are yolo awesome. lolololol.  so  yeah. keep praying. @katme - well if they cant do it, it wouldnt stop me from making a fake voucher to show that i do care and that i did indeed got them a cool jacket ;). will work on one if people are keen, when i am free. @casualt, hey bro! i  know right?! but naaaah . seems lke at this rate, they will only remember to announce after they have sent out. heh
hi, i think i need to change the shipping address. what can i do? thanks!
hi, can you ship this month? the last update was many days ago. thanks
the last update from the project was nov 6. its the end-nov now. maybe its time for another update. god speed for a timely delivery.
update on schedule would be great.
@ katme: do what i do on occasions, capture a screen shot of the item (in this case, the baubax campaign page) paste it into a msword doc and add salutations , explanations and who it's from. print and you are sweet.
hi, if the travel jacket was meant as a christmas present, is it possible to receive a voucher or something (like the one done by evolution bra on kickstarter)? it promotes the product and lets someone know i really did mean to get them something for christmas. :-) thanks. katrina
@ owen - actually i agree with your time estimate. i was just going for some seasonal and literary creativity.
::reading the comments:: one guy "threatens" with a lawyer. he obviously hasn't been a backer for kickstarter. lol
@bruce: i think mid to late january is most likely the time (some) backers will start receiving the jackets. i'm hoping(not holding my breath) to receive it before i go to vegas(going to need a nice blazer for when we go somewhere nice), but will have other options open for me.
i guess this is my shift. @ kk - first, baubax is not likely to respond here even if they are reading the comments. they have not responded here is a while. second - they have made no additional announcement about delivery beyond the initial november timeframe. they did say in the last update that the manufacturers were at work and baubax was working with the "logistical partners" on scheduling and delivery. third - are they still on schedule? in my opinion, no. i think delivery by christmas will be another miracle at christmas.
when will i receive my jacket ? it's getting cold here, are we still on schedule ?
@gin; thanks, so many who don't look at the available info.
@ rolts, you deserve a medal for your hard work.
@ leanne; the jackets' delivery will be in the hands of logistics partners. they may not be based in chicago, or even in the usa, so pick up is highly unlikely. @ hong wahl benson li: delivery addresses were locked down on november 8th, so you can't change delivery address with baubax. you will need to organise people at the address to either forward your package or hold it for you to collect. as for your question regarding the shipping to hong kong - rewards from this campaign included delivery. if you ordered additional items at the survey time, there may have been additional charges to cover shipping.
i have two question. how do i change the delivery address? another question is after submit the survey, i got a reply email and there have shipping to hong kong ($25), is that a extra cost or something ?
are able to pick up items if we live in chicago?
@alex loi: as noted a lot in the past 12 hours alone....  from the latest update: "we are now working closely with logistics partners to work the schedule for delivery to all our backers located in 120+ countries. we will convey this information once the delivery schedule is finalized."
what is the delivery schedule?? please update information for us
for a campaign this successful, it would really be helpful if they have more updates to manage backers expectation. just sayin.  to be fair, as a person who's new to kickstarter, and i think it is fair to say that we are not familiar or having the expectation that the project will not deliver on time. so you can't really blame the frustration that backers are having... and some updates would be nice. if its going to be a late delivery, its fine. just like any industry... you are responsible to manage backer's expectation by giving updates or progress.
@viral chopra: from the latest update: "we are now working closely with logistics partners to work the schedule for delivery to all our backers located in 120+ countries. we will convey this information once the delivery schedule is finalized."
hey guys can you please inform by when you plan to ship the jackets. i had ordered the jacket anticipating that i will receive it at the time when winter starts. its already nov end and there is no word on shipping details. winters have already started in india! can you pls update on the details??
as a backer, i truly understand that this is an innovative pre-order production and there are slight chances to have some production delay. we are not talking about getting something that's already on the shelve.
@melissa-they intend to ship out end nov. depending on where in the world we/you are, it can get to u quick, or take some time. @glitchhawk - lol perhaps they should indeed do that!
@ steve; really could have used the jacket on last trip to scotland, -5 degrees the morning we flew out. we were staying on the edge of the cairngorms so the fleece lined bomber would have been perfect.
maybe people who launch kickstarters should just be like video game creators now a days. on the rewards just set the reward delivery date to "when its ready" lol
all official statements from baubax have indicated they are hoping to ship jackets this week.  the people complaining about a late delivery do not even have the patience to wait for baubax to tell them if there will be a delay.
are the shipping dates going to be delayed? i've been reading comments that they will. which is not a pretty big deal for me i would just like to know roughly when i should be expecting it. it would be nice that the company would send out emails letting us know if they were going to be delayed or not.
@rolts. snap. i too am in adelaide, wife's family in scotland and regularly travel. we'll have to form up a local chapter of the baubax owners club!
some helpful advice to those who are moving from one address to another, you can always forward your mail from one address to another for about 3-6 months with less than $2 on usps.com. best wishes to everyone and may patience be with you!
@jurgen, unlikely for baubax to do anything special as of now. they have decided to close any change of addresses; but if you really want to try your luck, drop them a mail (support@baubax) with your need to expedite this. messaging them on fb too,if you really want to be sure.
we will be traveling on january 30th (to s. africa) but mail to mexico is painfully slow. it could take two months or three to arrive. is there a faster of shipping? i am more than willing to pay any difference in shipping costs....! please, advise. thanks.
@corrina z stands for zano drone
@corrina since u do not know and baubax is the only campaign u backed, don't bother which z campaign we are talking abt. sometimes it's best not to know. lol
@ibrahim i don't have patience like @rolts's who can really repeat and repeat for those who don't even read the comments before theirs..... and it was repeated so many times that rolts, melissa, david, gin, bruce and me are not working or have anything to do with baubax but people still think we are...... lol.....
what is this "z project/campaign" you guys are talking about?
bottle is supposed to say not*
you guys are funny. "it's bottle end of november yet" comment is hilarious. end of november will come and go and people more than likely a will not get an update or b will will get an update saying that it's been delayed. my guess with the holidays coming. people don't expect to receive this till after christmas. you watch. i can say what i want.
i thank sharon, rolts and melissa for helping a lot, and bruce and david tooo
@rudy hope u are not too badly burnt in z. and looking at all their updates, it's really a surprise shock to everyone!!
@rolts think next time u better start of answering questions by *i am just a backer and is just trying to help answer common questions that have been answered. lol
@ crafty; i'm in australia and my wife has relatives in scotland, we travel regular to see them or meet them mid way. the bomber is going to be excellent for managing the boarding process with everything i carry, that was the hook for me. i don't carry an ipad, but my kindle is a constant companion, as are headphones and an mp3 player, and this is before i even think about glasses, passport etc. being from australia, to get anywhere means flying, so this is a perfect solution.
@rolts i've got to say thank you. i started checking comments to see when the survey was coming out and have been coming back almost daily since just to see how you've fielded the latest round of questions from people freaking out, frequently about already answered questions. your patience is incredible! since you've answered a million questions on behalf baubax, can i be internet stranger nosy and ask what your looking forward to using your jacket for the most?
@sujit shetty; you are aware i am just a backer answering other backers queries? i'm not part of baubax and don't have any inside information. just wanted to clarify.
@michael sandberg- you have to appreciate everyone else in the supply chain.  sure baubax would like all their partners (mostly international) to deliver their part on time but sometime there are circumstances beyond your control. baubax are obviously inexperienced and probably underestimated the time required to manufacture, package and ship 45000 jackets and additional volume via post campaign add ons and indiegogo. i always thought november shipping for christmas arrival in backer hands was over optimistic and would think feb/march would hv been a more realistic target. i think that has been their main problem.  however one cannot excuse them for their lack of updates.  a blanket update to everyone on ks and indiegogo every fortnight (even if it was to say hello/that the jackets were still at factory stage) would go a long way in reassuring backers.
* there  * backed
@mike; i see you are new to the whole kickstarter thing. fyi - there are no refunds. this is because it is not a retail experience. you are actually donating seed capital to a group who have a concept they wish to bring to fruition. in return they offer rewards, in this case garments. but you need to understand that you have actually donated the funds, so their is no refund process. this is what you signed up for by joining kickstarter. if this is too much of a risk or too challenging for you, i would suggest you make this your last backed project. i've had ked a few projects, received some awesome products as rewards and am happy to assume the risk of perhaps pledging and having long delays in reward delivery. i'll accept that occasionally a project may totally collapse, it happens. the main idea to takeaway is you are donating seed funding to start ups.
i am not happy that the ship date has been pushed back. if you say that it is going to ship in november then it should ship in november.  when i say i will do something i do it.   i am very disappointed. where do i go to get my refund?
sigh, the z proj was such a dissapointment and i know coz i'm part of it and that is why i'm also concerned about this proj but i guess i'll wait till end of the month or next to see whr this is headed and i'm gonna keep my hopes up for this (fingers crossed)
@ david - the coolest cooler people "explained" in an earlier update why people were not always getting their coolers even if backing the project early. but if i was one of the first, i would be annoyed too. which brings up a good point for baubax backers. we could see the same issues here. multi-jacket orders could be delayed by different sources, packaging, etc.
it would be nice to have an update. i pledged 20 jackets,10 under my name 10 under my sisters. i understand there are delays. i just would lie to know since i bought these for christmas gifts will they be here on time or not. if not, then i have to buy other gifts. i understand the kickstarter thing. but updates are nice
bruce, the think i like best about update 36 is that the most recent comment is from a guy complaining that he is backer 163 and he should have his cooler by now.
i do feel bad for the indiegogo backers.  they really did not get that they were going to be second-class customers when they signed up.  of course i don't think anyone could have really predicted that survey submissions here would have been such a disaster from the backer side and result in baubax having to put them completely on the back burner. i have only read a bit about z, but it really looks like the key difference there is that the creators really only had a partially formed idea and not a fully working prototype and plan to get to market.  i have really not spent a lot of time looking back to see how much was oversold at the outset.
@ everyone concerned about delivery dates and lack of communication - i backed the coolest cooler last year. it is probably the top ks project other than the pebble watches. i still don't have my cooler. but if you want to see how to mange communication about production and distribution problems, see the coolest cooler ks page - https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ryangrepper/coolest-cooler-21st-century-cooler-thats-actually look at the last two updates, 35 and 36, to see how to address problems and delays. also, note the more than 12,000 comments.
thanks rolts , but as per last communication received delivery was scheduled for november 2015. would be nice if you could communicate a date/month of delivery. the earlier the better. thanks  cheers
some people really have to learn how to manage their expectations. one item i pledged came a year late, and even i was fine with that. at least baubax are making the effort to update whenever they can, and we all know that they'll definitely fulfill it even if they do it late. and to the complainers, if it were so easy to fulfill more 44949 people and $9m worth of pledges when you were expecting only a meagre amount in comparison, why not do it yourself? i'm sick and tired of reading ignorant and selfish comments from people who think they know everything that's going on behind the scenes. why can't we all just place our trust that baubax will make sure we see our jackets by late december and, you know, just wait silently?
@rolts for those who backed enough campaign, the "z" campaign is being talk abt here and there. for those who only backed baubax, they will never get to know.
@ sharon; i was going to say 'that was a bolt out of the blue' but i guess it didn't really get airborne anyway. still a bunch of backers commenting on the last update and expecting baubax planning to include individual backer's holiday itineraries.
@rolts @gin if they found out abt the campaign "z_n_" (fill in the blanks urself) more will start to scream i guess......
@ gin & sharon: it's a lot worse over on indiegogo, as they haven't had backers answer questions or explain what the process is all about.
lol sharon. so kind of u. bo bian, people keep seeing delivery as 'will get to me' instead of 'will send out'
it isn't end nov yet and so many screaming for their jackets? i wonder do people actually read updates? @rolts @gin @melissa @david @bruce u guys are great!!! u still have the patience to be telling them end nov is not here yet. i already stop telling them as i do not know why they don't have a calendar at home.......
i am new to kickstarter so i am no expert. at least, i understand the point that i "funded" a project but not "bought" a jacket. you don't "pay", you "pledge". yes, it is frustrating that baubax has not been really communicative with us backers. however, it is more frustrating to see all those chasing order comments. for god's sake, you are not on amazon nor asos. sit back, get a cup of tea and be patience.
how many times is going to have to be echoed that kickstarters rarely deliver on time before people start to understand? lol
i'm really disappointed - i bought this for my trip to iceland next monday, and the delivery is no where to be found. sigh, i thought if you get this much backers you would do a better job at planning and i feel like you guys are not updating us on the progress enough. i mean i'm still gonna get the jacket but, unfortunately it can't go with me to iceland anymore...
lily - from the latest email "we are now working closely with logistics partners to work the schedule for delivery to all our backers located in 120+ countries. we will convey this information once the delivery schedule is finalized." estimated shipping has always been end of november.  it is possible for delays, as with any kickstarter campaign.  at the present time, they are not yet delayed for shipping.  but be prepared for delays.
i paid 4 "the world's best travel jacket with 15 features || baubax", when do i receive my 4 jackets, thanks!
rolts, take a break; i've been seeing you respond to everyone's message for 2 months.
i feel bad for letting a giggle escape from your name. anyway,  there has been 2 updates in the last two months. one demanding for survey, the other telling you that it is in the making. also, read rolts comment
@sujit shetty: from the latest email "we are now working closely with logistics partners to work the schedule for delivery to all our backers located in 120+ countries. we will convey this information once the delivery schedule is finalized."
can i receive an update as to when the jacket will be received , its been 3 months now . would appreciate a reply . thanks
@ constance cheung. on this campaign it is too late. try the pre-order link.
is it too late to add a travel blanket now? :/
@ emily voss: +1 unfortunately with really successful projects, there are many new to backing crowdfunded projects. many don't understand that this is not an online store, and they don't read the kickstarter faqs and t&c and as a result don't understand the campaign, believing it works like amazon. tl;dr - read everthing - kickstarter faqs and the campaign notes.
honestly everyone here just needs to swallow their dang comments.  i have been waiting on a product from last feb...  2014. they say it's an estimate date.  give them a break,  you know how many they have to make?  this is a kickstarter not some target or walmart that will have things at a drop of a hate.  shut up and quiet yourself down.  it's only nov 19th... not even close to the end of the month.  plus that is only shipping.  those of you who need it for dec you have wishful thinking and obviously have never used kickstarter....  now no more asking to change your orders you should have thought about that before.  those of you threatening to get a lawyer good luck,  bc it isn't even close to the last day of the month....
i hope baubax did reconsider distributors - the creators of the self journal have containers shipped directly to europe to get their stuff there on time and without any custom fees. their communication is awesome by the way...
@dhaval, as per their updates, you'll need to contact them directly with questions. "important:  for any questions/comments/concerns, please reach out to us at support@baubax.com"
2 quick questions: 1) are we one schedule to receive the jackets by nov. 2015? 2) is it still possible to upgrade the pledge to include the baubax blanket? (if so, please let me know how i can go about doing it). thanks.
also an important thing: i hope this project is 'sweatshop-free' (i.e. baubax and subcontractors' staff are coercion-free, well compensated, and enjoy healthy, good, humane working conditions) and satisfies minimum environmental standards. baubax would get a *lot* of extra credit from consumers if their clothes were ethically manufactured, and if baubax would make ethical manufacturing a key selling feature. so please give pledgers and buyers information and guarantees on how baubax provides ethical clothing! thank you! :)
a word of encouragement to baubax:  it looks like you're indeed a bit delayed, caught off guard by the overwhelming demand and and under a lot of pressure, so i just want to give you this message: it's a great and innovative project, but *please* do not rush to deliver. it's better to do it well (even if delayed) from the start, than submit under pressure and send semi-finished or cheap-quality products in order to meet the demand quicker. i'm personally happy to wait until the start of next year if that means i'm getting a 110% superb, quality product with high quality fabric, durability and design. if the jacket comes off as cheap and hastily made, customers won't be buying from baubax again. so please, take your time, and emphatise quality over speed. if you need more time, just communicate it openly to your customers. to those who were hoping for this jacket for christmas: this is a ::::kickstarter::: project, and was always in risk of being underfunded, so don't be hasty in your judgements! don't buy kickstarter products for christmas unless you have a plan b for your present. ;) by the way, i echo michael below, that the communications have been very confusing and difficult to understand. it took me a while to understand what the whole survey was about. also, it's been months since i pledged, so i didn't remember exactly what i pledged for: however i couldn't find detailed information on what my pledge was supposed to contain. so both kickstarter and baubax could do their best to ensure that pledgers know exactly what they're getting with their contribution. all the best!
i have to say that the communications i've received from you have been extremely difficult to understand and distinguish from spam. (e.g. "surveys")
victor - how are we in "end of november" ? it's only the 19th. they still have 11 days before they miss their estimate.
victor, delivery dates are an estimate and not guaranteed.  but if you wanted to piss away money chasing kickstarter and baubax around on that front i'm sure it would make some lawyers very happy.
"we are now working closely with logistics partners to work the schedule for delivery to all our backers located in 120+ countries. we will convey this information once the delivery schedule is finalized." and? we are in the end of november and don´t have any ideia about when we gone receive.  i need my for december, if don´t happen maybe its a case for a lawyer?
@melissa; also posting on a couple of other ks projects, one is getting almost as angsty. being on leave and just having to do the rehab has given me more time flexibility as to when i can be online.
welp! i was gonna check in to help with some answers, but this bed-rest has really allowed you to keep this place covered!
@ brittni; addresses for delivery were locked down on the 8th november. this is where you jacket will be sent. it's now up to you to organise for it to be sent on to your new address. the creators are dealing with a massive number of backers with a huge combination of sizes, colours and styles, as well as orders with multiple items. as a result they had to make a cut off for order and delivery changes.
help!! i need to change the shipping address. please let me know how to do so!
i bought one for my boyfriend and one for me and i really hope i receive the jackets before the beginning of december since i was hoping to be flying to japan with it to see him :) i won't be able to see him for another year if i don't get it to him by december. hope everything is going smoothly! :)
@ rick: from the latest email  "we are now working closely with logistics partners to work the schedule for delivery to all our backers located in 120+ countries. we will convey this information once the delivery schedule is finalized."
do you think the hoodie will arrive in san francisco before mid-december?
@bruce gilliland  ah thank you bruce.  yea, i remember being asked that and saying no.  i'm not into drawings so i don't get involved with contests.  good to know!
@ casey - baubax locked down the survey results on nov. 8. they had sent an update letting people know they had until then to update. you simply need to set up a forwarding address with your post office, and confirm that they will forward packages. note that you may get the package through some other delivery service. we should get tracking numbers when the packages are shipped. when you get that, if the delivery is not via the post office, you will need to contact the designated delivery service to make other arrangements.
@ avi - when i took it this morning, i recall i had to click a box saying i wanted to answer other questions (and be eligible for something). then i go the nest set of questions, which were mostly demographic. @ david - this latest survey is not about the jackets.
is the survey to initial reward survey or was there another sent out about the jacket? and when will we get confirmation on additional blankets?
hello, my address will be changing. it doesn't look like the product has shipped yet. how can i update my address? thanks.
might be just me, but my survey ends at question 10.  when i click next, it just brings me to a survey monkey page saying thank you for taking this survey.  no idea what questions 16 and 20 are about:)
@ michael - survey comments may or may not change after we get the jackets. but i think baubax wants to be a long-term company (whatever "long-term" means these days). the survey questions can help them build and plan for the future. it will be interesting to see how and when they go retail, assuming they do. a lot will depend on how well received are the  jackets by the ks backers. @ cindy - official plan is still late november. my guess is late december or early january. there will be a big gap between the start of shipments and the time most people receive their jackets. @ cheung - good point. i hope they are planning that with their "logistical partners."
maybe hiring logistics partner in hong kong for asia region, then you don't have to ship a container load from china to us then airmail to asia again, the turnaround time will be much faster.
when are they delivering the jacket ?
my survey arrived this morning -- not sure why this survey would come out before the jacket.  it would make more sense, once i had worn the jacket.
@ melissa; don't you mean a miniature wookiee pocket?
should have added in survey response "needs pocket for kitten". "and butter"
@gin @rolts +1 :)
@rolts, woops, admiral. :p
* from not frontage
@ steve, good pick up @ ht: frontage email "we are now working closely with logistics partners to work the schedule for delivery to all our backers located in 120+ countries. we will convey this information once the delivery schedule is finalized."
@ht. the survey email started with an update to the shipping process.
@ gin; general or admiral?????????????????? some backers,"you may dispense with the pleasantries, commander. i am here to put you back on schedule."
@ darlene horn - unfortunately , no. not at this moment. they are still making the the jackets as of now. don't feel disappointed though - it is never a one-use product. use it for future trips! =) @rolts, hopefully general ackbar's quote will never get to be used here . xd
hi. i backed this project hoping to get my delivery before the end of november for a big, multi-trip airplane ride to visit my mom's grave in the philippines who passed away last year. (trip is from lax to tokyo to philippines to tokyo, seattle back to lax in 6 day.) is there any chance to get it before i leave? what can i do to get my shipment expedited?
doh! *about shipping*
obviously manufacturing of the jackets isn't finished. "we are glued in on getting the manufacturing done and getting the jackets in your hands. our full time team in china is giving us updates on the manufacturing and things look exciting." and they said they'll let us know about doing when the have more info. "we are now working closely with logistics partners to work the schedule for delivery to all our backers located in 120+ countries. we will convey this information once the delivery schedule is finalized."
@ h.t. the campaign estimated delivery in november, no specifics were given. you've backed enough ks projects to have a good understanding of the delivery issues, so why the angry post?
@creator, you should provide us an updated shipping status!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not just asking us to fill in your so called survey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
charles, i would say that 99% of all questions have been highly specific to the user (i want a refund, i want to change my survey, i screwed up trying to add a blanket to my order etc.) or were already answered in a faq or other update.  baubax are not terribly efficient about answering common questions but the reality is most backers cannot seem to be bothered to look for that information when it is available, so perhaps there is a method to the madness.  i do not really blame them for trying to centralize everything at the support e-mail as it saves them having to read through all the other places where posters can post/ask questions.
how is jacket making going? still on track to have them out before dec 25? so looking forward to it! thanks for being so creative!
@ charles; the survey be discussed is a marketing type survey. an email was sent to backers and contained a link to an online survey. it may have gone to junk/ promotions folders, unless it is being sent in batches. it is not linked to receiving your rewards from the campaign.
@cindy...the survey where they ask your size and stuff is filled out right on kickstarter...when you are logged in to kickstarter there is a big banner at the top saying your response is required. to see if you filled out the survey log into kick starter and look on the campaign page. scroll down to the pledge level you selected on the right of the screen....it should say "your response" in your pledge level if you filled it out already. this other survey i do not know about (because i haven't seen a link for it either) but it isn't required to get your jacket.
what is this survey with the controversial questions people are talking about in here? i never saw any such thing...
@jason doctor....exactly how i feel. i've backed a couple dozen kickstarters and i can say hands down the best ones are those where the creator or a duly appointed representative of the creator posts regularly in the comments in response to questions, etc...and posts in the updates. i think there was a rare post in here quite some time ago about telling people to send them questions in email which is completely useless for the people who all have the same question. it's a waste of their time and it's a waste of the backers time. very bad kickstarter form.
questions 6-8 of their marketing survey are the very definition of chutzpah. depending on how long they keep it up, i'll possibly go back and fill it out after i receive my jacket. the creators have shown no interest in actually being a part of the kickstarter community, only tossing off occasional updates and comments when they can get around to it, so i hope if they do something else after this it's through a different channel.
how are we supposed to fill out a survey to rank a product we don't have yet? i will be happy to fill this out once i have the item and can provide actual responses. thanks!
@cindy- judging from your comments, i don't think you come back here often enough to even see the response to your request, as you have made it several times.  please email support@baubax.com for your request. commenting on here will not get the response you need from baubax.
phew, i think sending out another (and completely unrelated) survey was bound to create confusion. @cindy do you mean the kickstarter survey, in which you choose style and color of your jacket? or this new thing where they want information which product we might be interested in buying in the future?
i have not received the survey yet!!!!!!!!...please help!
i cant re-do the survey...
@baubax: went back to try to complete survey2, "you have already taken this survey." was the response i got. no worries, i'd say you got the high points as/is. :-)
ok thanks. i'll answer once i've got the jacket in my hands to give meaningful answers.
yep- just completed survey.  no issues.
thanks for pointing out the errors. we have removed the ranking constraint from the questions 16 and 20. you should now be able to go back to the survey using the email link and make necessary changes.
@ chris s; thank you. :-)
@ alan; i think it is for future product development from reading the preamble. people have issues with q 16 and 20 from the survey, i think it is a ranking tool. i tried, like you to rank several items at the same level and it can't be done, so i tried using the question responses as a ranking system and that worked.
is it just a marketing survey or is it relevant for the rewards?
@baubax another bump for the survey. questions 16 and 20 only allow us to make one selection for each column, and it's not letting us proceed because the question is considered unanswered (not every row has an answer).
@baubax as stated below, questions 16 and 20 of the latest survey do not allow respondents to answer properly. thanks.
@rolts: thanks for all you do. :-) @avril: last word, shipping in november.  as soon as they tell anyone something more concrete, i suspect you'll see this site explode with traffic. :-)  also note, i've never seen an official post on this comment board, though i might have missed one, given the high traffic. observation: interesting they sent out a survey, but no mention of it on this site.
@baubax please rectify questions #16 and #20 on your survey monkey questionnaire. it does not allow respondents to answer properly. thanks!
when will we received the order please?
@ gin; "stay on target.” – gold five
@rolts . “this is a new day, a new beginning.” – ahsoka tano
@ gin; 'great kid. don't get cocky.' is the solo comment i will make now.
@rolts, "i find your lack of faith disturbing" would have been vaderly appropriate when backers atart screaming scam or demanding for their jackets.... �
@ fernando; from the campaign page just under the sizing chat: exchange policy: if you follow the sizing chart carefully, then the jackets shall fit you just fine. still, if you wish to exchange your jacket for any reason, we will allow you to do that, but you’ll have to pay for the two way shipping. as we are just starting up and offering our jackets at highly discounted prices on kickstarter, we won’t be able to accept returns.
can we exchange the jacket if it doesnt fit?
will you be providing us with a tracking number?
@gin, delivery of jackets, "there is no try, only do or do not."
@szuting chao, thanks for the share! i guess at least it's a good thing that baubax didnt make the claim that they are the first? seems like many of the designs are borrowed from all the current ones out there. now the only thing that really makes baubax stand out would be the inflatable pillow :\ @rolts, strong the force is in, you i see!
@ priscilla, you can expect an update as soon as shipping is ready to begin.
hi, is there any way to know that my package is on the way?
@ tiffany, as you are logged on to be able to post a comment, there are two ways depending on whether you are using the website or the mobile site. on the website - 1. select the campaign tab 2. scroll down until you see the reward that is green, this is your selected reward. 3. at the bottom of this panel it says 'your response' next to the 'survey sent' 4. click on this. it will open a new panel, giving all of your survey responses - style, size, colour, shipping address. on the mobile site: 1. go to the rewards tab, select it. 2. scroll down to the reward that is highlighted green. 3. at the bottom of this panel is 'your response'. select this. 4. this opens up a pop up with all of your survey responses - delivery address, style, male/female, colour, size. hope this helps
where can we find out which jacket we ordered and what size?
@ szuting; thanks. :-) there are a number of similar products, but i hadn't seen this particular product. some  have mentioned the scottevest which has many similar features. the comments were made that backers seemed to prefer the styling of the kickstarter product. also the scottevest was readily available in only limited markets.
http://globaltravelclothing.com/the-travel-jacket-with-lots-of-pockets/ have anyone else heard about this jacket before? apparently it was on the market already
@rolts thanks for help us, and take care, don't eat fried food.
@ gin; kick starter jar jar banks who is?  i chose a black bomber, from the dark side.
@rolts. so where's my jacket? :p soon, all hell will break loose. we will see... in 2 weeks. episode 4 - the backers strike back (starring "where is my jacket?!")
well, it's nice to hear, that some got reply from support@baubax.com i didn't get one for the 15 emails i already wrote.
@david, we are in the eye of the storm, a lull, before all heck breaks loose.
hah, it's pretty much been "where is my jacket" since the surveys came out.  but man are people here going to start wigging out as some backers get their jackets while other orders languish in the hands of customs or the local ground carrier.
@ gin; notice it's quiet around here. soon it will be 'where is my jacket?'
i like that diet plan @rolts
@ sharon, i'm on a see food diet, i see it, i eat it.
@rolts take care and recover soon!!! don't eat seafood for the next 3 mths!!!
@ gin,, thanks. all going to plan. it's given me more time to follow comments.
well tim, i think its safe to say from your statement that all the project updates and other correspondence from kickstarter have being going straight into a junk mail folder. the short answer to your question is that survey submissions closed last sunday.  baubax is not answering questions here so you will need to e-mail support@baubax.com if you want to plead your case.
can i get an update on the kickstart promo jacket? i haven't heard anything since you charged my visa?  i understood you would be send me a survey for sizing and mailing address.  whats up?
@rolts, sorry to hear that. i guess, soon you'd be stronger than ever, literally.
it is almost mid nov..any updates about the promised nov delivery?  pleased to hear.  tony
now you are part iron man.  stronger than ever.
@ marc & melissa; old sporting injury finally caught up with me, i've now got a titanium left hip. going well in recovery.
hi rolts, hope you are on the mend all the best for your recovery.
heya rolts, how're you doing lately?
@szuting, i am just a backer, live in australia and have no association with the creators. i have backed a number of other projects on kickstarter and am a strong supporter of the crowd funding concept. my responses here have been to help new backers out, particularly those who confuse kickstarter with a store. i have also tried to respond to posts that i think have been unreasonable, as some backers don't realise the enormity of the challenges being faced by the creators of a project with 45000 backers. i've had the time to post frequently as i've been on leave after having surgery and am currently going through rehabilitation as part of my recovery.
@ rolts, hi rolts just a quick question for you, out of curiosity, are you actually working for baubax? or friend with them? or are you just someone who is being helpful to answer most of our question?
@yuta kashino, you could just set up a forwarding address. it's not a hard thing to do, just fill out a form. plus it's one of the things you kinda do when you move to a new place.
to paraphrase the late yogi berra, there is no delay until there is a delay.  if they are, in fact, prepping for shipping in the near future, then they need to have delivery addresses locked down in their system to make the shipping arrangements.
@ yuta kashino; sorry i've got to disagree with you. you had until the 8th november to update your delivery address, but you didn't so baubax is "just horrible". if you are moving you would have some idea of this before the cut off. the rest of us are hoping to get our rewards as soon as possible. if the process is constantly delayed by backers  who want changes after a clearly described cut off date 45000 other backers are going to be unhappy.
i'm moving to a new place, but baubax refused updating my address. i don't know why they can't do it regardless of their delivery delay. they are trying to send my package to the place no one live in. they are just horrible.
sarah my responses have came within 3-5 (business) days. i might try again and make sure you are emailing support@baubax.com.
@ andrea; remember you are dealing with a start up that has 45 000 backers, many of whom have had problems with sizing, pledges and surveys. if you had chosen more carefully with your survey, maybe you wouldn't be in the situation of accusing the creators of being disorganised. just saying.
so baubax replied to my email about changing my order from 2 sweatshirts to 2 windbreakers instead. they wanted me to me add $20 usd for changing the order, however, as toni mentioned if i told them that the original pledge offer i had could make me choose between the sweatshirt, windbreaker and bomber for the same price. i had already sent them the money via paypal though but i sent them another email mentioning my original pledge and asking for a refund. this is the reply: "thank you for the email and sorry for any confusion. at this time we do not have a refund policy, therefore we would like to offer an add on to your order of a blanket for $5 more." i ordered two blankets already with my pledge though :-/ so i sent another email saying that and that i prefer a refund... they are so disorganized. they haven't even updated my survey to reflect the change from sweatshirt to windbreaker. at least they are replying to emails.
any regular backers know roughly how long it takes for packages to get to the uk? assuming they deliver last week of nov will i get it this year?
did anybody get any response from the support? i'm trying to get in contact since over a month and -> nothing!
@mathew bing; if you want a response from baubax, email them at support@baubax questions and queries posted here are responded to by backers to solve simple issues. if you need a response from the creators of the project, you need to contact them directly.
just had to do the survey again, i had already completed it when it was issued. please confirm i have completed it and i have only the one order.
@ gin from update 10 "are you still on time to deliver in november? yes we are. so far so good. we are proud to say that we are on track to ship out the jackets by end of november and there aren’t any blind spots detected yet. we’ll keep you posted if anything comes up in the future. we are working with 4 different factories for the 4 styles. hence, the risk and workload is divided by not putting all our eggs in one basket."
@gin, rewards comments indicates it.
ok this is interesting. somehow we all know that they aim to deliver end nov, but i cant find the post(s) that says so. :| anyone has a clue? rolts? bruce? sharon??
@dean cripe: well, you asked: http://www.greedygourmet.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2008/11/_mg_3814.jpg and they have said this at least a few times (rather vaguely) that they are "on schedule" and "will deliver (as in send out) end november for ks backers" where possible. yes, they did not mention in the latest update, but they seem to be implying that the previous statement "will send out end nov" stands true. that said, here's more beef for you : http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/evil-cows-roast-beef.jpg
show me the beef, or start the refund mechanisms going. enough!
nice job.  but doesn't answer the key question:   when will they start shipping?  getting colder, and backers all have this question on our minds.
@ georgio - i apologize if i misinterpreted your comments. i took it that you had not gotten a survey. i understand now what you were saying.
no problem,  i've already emailed them.
@georgio - baubax is not replying to comments. they have stated they are only replying to emails. posting here, and looking for a response from them is futile.
for thanksgiving is highly doubtful kelly. we may not even see them before christmas, but as of last friday their plan was to ship jackets in the last week of november. so if and this is a big if they manage to ship 40k+ jackets all in one week, we are most likely to see them in the first or second week of december
@bruce my emails were directly corresponding with the company with proof of my account being drawn out for two jackets. with all due respect i'm waiting for a reply from the company and not anyone else. bottom line is they have my money and my survey now. thanks.
will the travel jackets arrived in time for thanksgiving? i order as gifts.
@ rolts, @ david - thanks for clarifying and correcting my last post. good info. @ astand - you're right, the last update did not give a shipment date. i assume they are still hoping to start shipping by late november. i will be surprised if they make that date.
hi~ when is the shipment date? i can't find it from the latest update~~
marianna,credit cards were already charged back in september for the core project.  i would assume if you have ordered extras since then, and not had your card charged, then baubax will contact you to say the card was declined and ask for another number.
what if the credit card i originally used has changed?
bruce, my understanding from other campaigns is that the creators are allowed to declare reward tier pledges as "abandoned" if the surveys are not filled out in a specified time frame.
@ rolts: although some emails might be answered by support i'm still waiting for a response to at least one of the 4 emails i wrote.
@ jacky chan ka ho; all rewards are paid for by your pledge, there are no free blankets. if you ordered blankets with your jackets, the blankets' postage was free. if you only pledged for blankets, there will be a survey in november to give your delivery address. if you pledged for jackets and blankets, all of the required information was collected in the survey previously sent out.
i wanna ask the blanket is backer reward or we have to pay for? actually i paid for two already, please let me know if there is any refund or update? thanks!
@toni - thanks for your input! i sent the money via paypal but i hope they give me a refund now that i have explained what you advised in an email. i do hope that someone from baubax is actually reading these emails because i haven't even gotten an acknowledgement of the paypal payment that i sent to them.
@ bruce gilliland, hi bruce fyi from update 12 re blanket survey: "blanket rewards will be captured in the middle of november. those backers will be notified via email on their kickstarter email id’s"
@ georgiio - i hate to tell you, but the surveys were sent out back in late september. update 11, in early october, reminded people to complete their surveys. baubax notified everyone in update 12 that november 8 was the final date for submitting surveys and any needed changes. if you did not get an e-mail that contained a link to the survey form, one of several things happened: 1. by design or by accident, you ordered only a blanket. for those folks i don't believe a survey was sent (although i am not sure how they got addresses for those folks.) 2. you were reading the e-mail on an ios device and the link didn't show up. 3. the survey got sent to your spam or junk folder and got lost. 4. you are using a different e-mail address than what you gave kickstarter when you set up your ks account. i am not sure how baubax will handle backers who did, in fact, order one or more jackets, but for some reason did not complete a survey. check your e-mails to confirm that you got a response from kickstarter saying that you were a backer and what reward item(s) you selected. then forward that to support@baubax.com, explaining why you did not complete a survey. i am not sure that at this late date they can do anything for you, but you need to document your situation with them.
hey team, dissapointed. i emailed many moons ago (3 months) asking to inform me when a  survey for ordering was going to come in to order (as a donor who received two of any kind). i had a response of 'soon'  and that they would let me know. i had to email again (last week because i had heard nothing)  for an update in which the response was 'in 1-2 weeks. that was yesterday! meanwhile i'm actually past the cutoff point for ordering???  that's  a bit ridiculous. thankfully i logged in and saw this myself,  and i'm assuming because it seemingly accepted my order form that my things will be ordered and completed correctly and on time. i hope you can give me some assurances. thanks in advance for your time and help.
@ rick mann; i assume you mean jacket size. on baubax website, there is a sizing chart and a guide to help take the measurements. the web site is baubax.com.
how do i determine my suit size (e.g. 40 or 42)?
@kristina i used my ae and gap sweatshirt size
@ sam gehrts; the last update stated: "changes to your survey responses will no longer be accepted after sunday, november 8, 2015 at 11:59pm pst", so i think you are out of luck on a colour change at this stage. there had to be a cut off point so that orders could be finalised.
anyway i could change my bomber from blue to black? i know the survey has been locked but it'd be super cool if you could!!
@ wilfred; the survey is now locked down, and as this included delivery addresses, i doubt you delivery address can be changed now. i very strongly doubt that delivery method can tailored for individuals, this would be unworkable as there are 45 000 backers.
dear baubax, i'm currently in indonesia now and will be travelling out of the country by the end of november. i'm afraid that my jackets won't arrive at my place before i start my holiday travels. is there any way that you can send it to a new york address? that would mean changing the shipping fees from indonesia to new york which is a lesser amount. alternately, is it possible also to send the jackets via dhl? i'm willing to top up for the dhl shipping cost as long as my jackets arrive before the end of november. thanks in advance for your time. hope to hear from you guys. keep up the great work. cheers, red
andrea, i got the same type of reply when i asked to change one of my 5 jackets.  i just replied with the type of pledge i paid for, $ amount, and (after looking at my original survey located in backed projects, baubax, survey tab) specified the jacket number and what i wanted to change from and to:  female/male, jacket type, size and color.  i got a response the next day apologizing for misunderstanding what i wanted to do and confirmed the change to be made.  give them complete information and they will make it right.  there was a cut off date for changes in the last update sent, you may want to check that.
so, i got a reply from baubax about changing my order from 2 sweatshirts to 2 windbreakers. i thought that there would be no additional fees since the package i originally bought had the option to get 2 of any kind except the blazer. this their reply: "we will be unable to provide the style change at the same reward level that you had pledged for as the jacket quantities were limited at each reward level. the change in jacket style selection can now be at the kickstarter closing price for windbreaker which is $139.00. we will request you to please complete the survey with your current jacket selection to create a record in our system."
@kristina- that's what i did, yes.  just ordered what i normally always wear.  once in a blue moon the clothing may be too small or too big, but generally always fits.  and if the sizing is off a bit, nothing much that i can't work with regardless!
thanks for sharing with us sharon!
dear backers, here's the update l got from baubax when l check with them if the delivery still as planned? agent 003 (baubax) nov 5, 15:37 hi sharon, thanks for the email and follow-up. we are expecting our kickstarter orders to be ready for shipping by last week of november. at present we are unable to commit delivery of your order by a particular date. we will keep our backers informed on the progress of our project and the shipping timelines in our future updates. thanks for your support! team baubax
yes kristina, i just looked at the jackets i had and took measurements to confirm.
@ jessie meng; this information remains on the campaign page as it has been from day 1, the creators estimate shipping in november. please note; this is an estimate. no kickstarter project that i have backed has yet delivered by their initial estimate. because these are not established companies with stock and distribution networks, there are unforeseen issues that cause delays in both production and distribution stages.
i live in canada , i have been waiting one month after i give to you guys my mailing address, just want to know when can i get my jacket??
@chris you are aware that you are casually asking baubax to commit tax fraud with your 10$ deal, right?
will you be distributing products in the eu from a base in the eu, or will the shipping be direct from the us? if you are shipping from the eu i would like to change my delivery address as the customs will add over 100% to the costs. i would strongly urge you to find a distribution point in the eu for eu deliveries. alternatively please put a value on the package as being less than usd $10 when you send the clothing to eu addresses. thanks in advance.
@ oaa tph; unfortunately you can't get a refund. when you back a kickstarter campaign, you are actually donating seed capital to a start up. in return you are given a reward according to your level of support. (you can read about this in kickstarter's faqs.) your best option is to approach baubax via their support@baubax.com but they are not obligated to return funds. otherwise you could try to on-sell the jacket when it arrives.
i need help getting a answer about refund. i have some reason i do not want the jacket anyone so i ask for a refund. the item is not ever ready yet to deliver, being deliver or etc so why cant i cancel my order? if im not wrong the deliver start near end of november.
for those of you in america did you pretty much order the size you would have gotten if you went to the store and got a jacket here? it looked to my like the measurements where the same
@ jasmine: the purple you are seeing is hanging in the back of the photo, right? these photos were probably taken at the manufacturing plant. they are possibly samples from production runs for other customers. purple hasn't been offered as a colour for the bomber at any stage in the campaign.
@ jasmine; no, there is not a purple colour. the only bomber jacket colours offered were those listed in the survey; red, blue and black. you can check this on the baubax website.
david, sorry but it is absolutely impossible that they budgeted air freight for over a hundred thousand jackets.
is there a purple bomber :0!!!  i most definitely would change my color to that!  or am i just seeing the wrong color in the pictures?
thanks david/melissa.  if the gloves are just the prototype version and not the end product, then that's a relief.
yay!!!!! thank you sooo much for the update! i'm very excited- the quality looks great!
@david- exactly.  those pictures did not state they were the finished product, and i think especially the bomber- it's clear they're looking it over and making adjustment.  the photos were to show the progress being made, not a completed item.
without a timeline its impossible to say when each of those pictures were taken.  the sweatshirt pics could have been taken at a point much further along in the production process.  however, i do not see any pens attached to jackets in pictures, and i can't really tell if any of the jackets have the neck pillow installed.
maybe the factory that make the glove is the half scoop gloves
but the sweatshirt seems like got the gloves tho
maxyim, it is quite possible that they budgeted for air freight from the factories.
@yusheng, send the question to support@baubax.com - they usually reply within 2-3 days.  you'll get a reply from agent 002 or 003 saying they will take care of the change at their end. as to how sure they have actually received the request and will do something about it - there's no guarantee i'm afraid
how can i know if baubax surly received my request for address changing? they even don't have an auto-reply.
@jennifer i totally agree that the colour is way off!!!! just hope that they are using an easy to see colour for adjustment rather than the finish bomber!!!
@ fung yiu ming; if you see your survey results using the method listed, baubax has your information from the survey. make sure you are logged in to kickstarter.
@ fung yiu ming: to see your survey answers : click username profile in top right corner  click my backed projects  click the baubax project  click the survey tab.  expand the survey to see answers if need be.
can you guys reply to email or message from kicstarter? i just want to know have you receive my survey!
takes a container from asia 35-40 days to arrive to us.  all factories very busy right now with chinese new year on horizon.  we are getting our jackets in march or later, just fyi.  at this point, i am just happy that it was not all a scam.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
omg can you guys reply to emails?????
my first impression about the "gloves" is that they are part of the models shirt - the colour appears to be the same.  it's also possible, since the gloves are being manufactured elsewhere, that the ones in the picture were just mocked up for the visit or to get a rough idea of how they would need to be integrated.
diana wee - i personally wont expect an early dec delivery even by express.
just to check around when will it be done and i will get? as during that promotion it can be gift for december and december trip. my trip is in the early dec.
@sharon, i was more shocked at the sewn in gloves/mits.  the light grey colour does not go with the black bomber.  i honestly thought the guy modelling the bomber jacket had his hands bandaged up until another backer made a comment and i cottoned on that they were actually the mits. i hope the go back to the original black on all bomber jackets.  the grey mits wouldn't look too bad on the red and blue but they are meant to be discreet.
@jennifer ya, i saw that last pix..... but he was sitting so even knowing it's a blazer he is wearing, i still can't tell how it looks. lol..... so it's as good as they didn't post any blazer pix......
@shermaine and @leigh. you must use a browser, not the tablet/mobile app, to see the survey link.
to see your survey answers : click username profile in top right corner click my backed projects  click the baubax project  click the survey tab. expand the survey to see answers if need be.
cool after all that time �
@sharon, i think they did post a pic of the blazer but it was only a half shot of the baubax ceo wearing it.  we'll have to wait for proper shots of it on a female model.
i changed my order to get the windbreaker instead of the sweatshirt since the material of the windbreaker looks way better than the original photos. i do hope they can accommodate my change in order. i've emailed them but no response yet. keeping my fingers crossed :)
the windbreaker is looking good!!! hope they are nice in other colours too!!! can't wait for mine. just hope it does ship out in late nov....... but if it doesn't, i'm ok too. but would be nice to let us know if it doesn't ship out in late nov. and they missed posting pix of blazer???
was that so hard?
i almost fell out of bed when i saw an actual update from baubax - a full blown lengthy one with pics.  thank you, that's great. however, most people really want to know whether baubax will still meet christmas fulfilment as originally stated.  there was no mention of that. it's ok if you can't but just inform your backers so they can make other arrangements for christmas presents if you're not going to make it in time. busy or not, get your marketing person to keep your backers updated on the progress. it'll cull most of the 'concerned'/'what's happening?' backer queries you get in your support email and let you get to the important order/size change request emails quicker.
thanks for the update
there's no banner and no link, i'll email them, thanks guys!
shermaine, there is either a) a big banner at the top of the webpage saying "fill out your survey" b) if you scroll down on the campaign page and find your highlighted reward level, there is a link to the survey there. if your reward level is the blanket, then you lost your jacket pledge trying to add a blanket and need to e-mail baubax about it.  this has happened to several backers but its not clear if baubax can do anything to remedy it.
i can't find the survey, i only received the one regarding the stretch goals
to update your survey - please email support@baubax.com no updates on shipping - but they repeatedly mention working as fast as they can.  remember - even if they ship on the last day of november - they're still holding to their word.  but with most ks projects, delays are to be expected. most important part of update:  1) changes to your survey responses will no longer be accepted after sunday, november 8, 2015 at 11:59pm pst 2) blanket rewards will be captured in the middle of november. those backers will be notified via email on their kickstarter email id’s. important: we still have backers that have not responded to the survey. please submit no later than sunday, november 8th by 11:59pm pst. for any questions/comments/concerns, please reach out to us at support@baubax.com
@david kurniawan, you can't actually change your survey, you'll have to email them directly. @shermaine chew, if you filled out your survey then they should have your size.
in time for xmas...?
did they ask us for the size already?
holy donut holes there's an update!
waiting for all the people on the witch hunt to scream "scam" again when the november ship date is missed.... �
i've already received a confirmation that all i need to do is wait for the shipment after completing the survey sent by baubax - kickstarter. i can't wait to wear them.
to check your survey. go to the campaign tab, then scroll down to the reward that you pledged for. at the bottom of the reward description there will be a "your response" link.
loved waking up this morning to a update in my inbox! thanks!
can't remember the specifics i asked in the survey... any solution to find what color i asked ?
how can we update our survey?
thanks for the update. looks awesome.
love the update. thank you for showing us pictures of the products and the process you have been going through to get out quality products. looking forward to the bombers we have ordered! :)
i just realised, your company name is baubax which sounds like 'baw bag' which, is the scottish vernacular, of 'ball bag' which is...well you can guess the rest. might have to trim the name off mine when it arrives. : )
i also received an email 2 days ago (sorry for the late update) for my jacket order specifics for the jackets over 10.  i ordered 16 jackets thru the funding - and another 3 thru the link they sent us before on preordering. hopefully its a sign of good things to come. in addition, i asked thru email on said status and was told (before the most recent update) that they are trying really hard to ship it out by november.
thanks for the update. keep at it.
never back a kickstarter as a present for someone... you'll invoke murphy's law and the project will almost certainly be delayed! in other news, i'm happy to see an update! good to know things are moving forward!
wow. looking good!  i would like to see a little more length in the front of the bomber though. looks a bit short!
update #12 just came in and they shown some proof that the productions of the jackets are in progress. it's good to hear this news.
finally thanks creator of the update, finger cross for the shipment.... ciao
still no update! i have added extra dollar for extra jackets, but i have not receive the extra survey!
hi just to check when i will get the jackets? as me and my friends are going overseas in the early december~
hi. when will the orders be shipping out? here in the philippines. would appreciate an update thanks
is there any update? kindly respect your funders and advice... :(
everyone seems to be asking for updates yet no one is hearing anything back.. delays are expected but backers need to be aware of them! a lot of these are also christmas presents so don't leave us hanging! the silence is def not a good start...
david, thanks. hindsight is always 20/20. by the time i got help from kickstarter to cancel, the project was pushed through. however, this detracts from my main point that the customer service provided by this project has been severely lacking.
lewis, you could have canceled your pledge yourself at any time prior to the successful backing of the project.
david, yes they are, at the discretion of each project creator. on top of that, i sent several requests before the project was successfully backed.
lewis, kickstarter projects are non-refundable if a project is successfully backed.
from a sales persons point of view, keeping your clients in the loop is key! doesnt take a few minutes to post an update. it would also give a piece of mind to you 45,000 backers that have given their hard earned money to get you guys on the road, we've all paid! now where is our update?
i have sent multiple requests since september 3 to cancel the backing of this project due to personal issues that have come up where all my available funds need to go toward the treatment expenses of an acutely ill child. however, every email has gone ignored. this trend of customer service is an awful way for a start-up company to begin.
@jane mcmilan - it isnt a "there does seem to be a delay". we are all speculating due to them not giving us an appropriate reply. as for your survey, it is confirmed and sent to them (to find out, click on your display pic on the top right -> backed project -> the project that you want to check -> survey) @ the rest; this is just an average meme, but it does make me feel of how our dear campaigner must be reacting when we ask for updates : http://memesvault.com/wp-content/uploads/hahaha-no-meme-01.jpg do take this lightly and not blow up thanks
i have received the survey confirmation however am still waiting to hear from baubax about how and when i can pay the balance.    and after reading all the other comments here i can see that there does seem to be a delay,  which is absolutely fine.   with any new project we can expect delays.  that was slightly expected.   i don't mind a delay but i do think baubax could just post an update.
my money! :o
still no update untill now .....................
@ baubax, you need to release a update real soon. you need let all backers know the production of jackets has reach what stage and whether will there be a delay in shipment. i believe most backers are understanding enough to accept the delay if we are been updated. please don't wait till the end nov (last min) to tell us that there will be a delay.
even the stoutest defenders on here are running out of explanations. there are a million reasons something like this can be delayed, and most here would expect that something designed for 40k cannot easily scale to 10 mil. but there is zero excuses not to communicate, it leaves people disgruntled and sets a very bad precedence for building a brand out of this. look at these guys : https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ravean/arctic-tropical-ultra-light-heated-jackets-and-hea great communication, frequent updates, photos from the production facilities. overall good customer relations.
@ robin black, okay - that said associate is probably not "authorized" to post a general update, much like the same way an administrative support cannot be responsible for what should be an administrative manager's responsibility .  it sucks, but that's how it is. seems like their big shots simply choose not to care as much :( @rolts/sharon, aww thank you for your kind words.
@beh kok seng, the 2 campaigns were not run at the same time. kickstarter was first, indiegogo was started after the kickstarter ended, and the amount raised was transferred into the amount shown on indiegogo. around 9.2m was raised on kickstarter, the rest since then has been on indiegogo. as to it not being allowed on another crowd funding website after one is complete, you can blame indiegogo for that. as they allow way more shady practices then kickstarter does.
@ beh kok seng: no, baubax haven't raised $20 million. the total on indiegogo includes the funding raised on kickstarter, so they raised around $1.5 million on indiegogo. i know this from tracking the indiegogo campaign, as soon as it went up it, the total funds were exactly what had been raised here. if you look at the link from this page, which takes you to the indiegogo campaign, you see that baubax is using it a pre-ordering link. i'm guessing that the increased ordering via this is for two reasons; the first is to give them a better negotiating position with regard to the manufacturers and secondly, to cope with those people who wanted to back but missed this project and had contacted the creator. this is speculation, but seems to be a logical assumption.
i'm curious that baubax llc can run two separate campaign and both ends on the same date accumulated almost $20 million total on crowd funding websites. i prefer that both kickstarter and indiegogo have a policy that their website cannot have a campaign on both website at the same time and cannot start the same product campaign if the earlier campaign is successful on other website. it defeats the purpose of crowd funding. it feels like sales on demand.
p.s. if someone can take the time to respond individually to several people on indiegogo, please explain to me why it's not possible to post a brief update here.
i'm actually fine if there's a production delay--i'd be surprised if there weren't with this big an initial order.  however, there is zero excuse for more than a month to pass by with no updates.  even if it's a one-line "we're working on it, things are on track (or not), we hear you," that would be fine.  at least we know you're still out there, somewhere, making progress.  your backers gave you millions-the fact that you can't take two minutes to give an update after this long reflects extremely poorly on you.  your backers deserve better.
so this might or might not be true. someone on indiegogo commented on the campaign there that baubax said to expect an update to kickstarter and indiegogo this week. the comment with that information was posted today. hopefully this isn't someone yanking folks around. surprised with all the money they raised that more up to speed communication isn't a possibility. although looking at the structuring of the messages it wouldn't surprise me if they were using a script to respond there, all of the "associate" responses from them were identical, like copy and paste.
@david: they should post something for us here...seems like we are the forgotten first child. =/
someone from baubax answered a bunch of individual questions over at indigogo today.  the information is flowing but it is going piecemeal to specific users.  in particular it seems like it would have been faster to post a general update at indiegogo instead of replying individually to users.
@lauren . thanks for the update! i highly doubt that they will update though. they've said that 2 weeks ago to some of us when we private messaged them but no proper update has been done....
good news is, contacting their email does work. here is what i received today (for everyone waiting for an update) and @steve thanks for confirming. i figured as much, just wanted to check: thanks for the email and patience with our response. we are expecting our kickstarter orders to be ready for shipping by last week of november. at present we are unable to commit delivery of your order by a particular date. we will keep our backers informed on the progress of our project and the shipping timelines in our future updates. note: we will be sending out an update to all our backers by the end of this week. thanks for your support! team baubax
i won't make any excuses for the creator -- they should be communicating far more than they are. but keep in mind who we have backed (this was all public information before the campaign closed): 1) creator is running a separate business in india, and attending his mba 2) they were originally planning for $20k in orders, and received $9m 3)  they are dealing with numerous requests from ~45k backers they are likely completely overwhelmed with what has happened over the past few months. i would be shocked if they delivered by the end of november.  i would not be surprised if they start sending out some of their orders before christmas.  with 4 suppliers, and multiple sources, there will clearly be some jackets that are ready/shipped before others.  this would be consistent with most kickstarter campaigns. i would also be shocked if this was an outright "scam" as some people have been alleging -- the creator's names are out in public (hiral sanghavi & yoganshi shah)-- they conducted numerous interviews with multiple media publications.  if your plan was to slink off in the dead of night with the money, you would have to be pretty stupid to do the things they have done.
remember folks, the funds are held by kickstarter for 30 days after the end of the campaign, and ks takes their cut of the $$ as well. just relax, things probably will be late (it's rare when they aren't on ks) but that doesn't mean it's a scam... they probably just got overwhelmed by the response and have to scramble a bit to deal with the volume of orders they need to contend with.
@gin i agree with rolts, i'm enjoying reading ur post. but this kinda time in the year i'm busy somewhere else with the black friday count down sales!!! lol....... so gin, keep up the good work while i shop till i drop!!!
@gin i got it from the risk and challenge on the campaign
@sarah; su ann koh said yesterday that she had received a prompt response from support, so some backers at least are getting replies. @ gin; thanks for the entertainment. i'm enjoying reading your posts. breaks the monotonous posts re surveys and delivery.
hey, just have one question: is the support answering any emails? since beginning of october i got no reply/notice for changing my shipping address.
@ bruce gilliland, woops. thank you for the recognition, although i'm also making as much snide remarks as i can at the campaigners' expense... @sharon, ikr. t_t!!!! @terry: unfortunately, http://memesvault.com/wp-content/uploads/hahaha-no-meme-01.jpg @jonathan widjaja, if you got that from the one that was written by another backer, no that wasnt official. and no, it hasnt been 60 days since baubax got their moolah (although we're getting close) @lauren, nope. but you *may* try telling your credit card company about it. @oscar, i sure hope your prediction is wrng, although if im you, i'd buy an entire islet instead  @tara, there's pre worry, worry, post worry, total meltdown, and then "omg this is a s***!!! do something aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!" :p. we're still at pre-worry. :]
@jonathan widjaja - september 3rd was the end of campaign, but it takes 2 weeks for kickstarter to transfer money to the creators. so in two more weeks it will be 60 days. about the end of november, which was when they originally promised. the delivery dates are expected but not promised. i would like to think that they will fulfill the orders, but i do think it is going to be late just due to the over abundance of them. i just really hope this doesn't turn into a star citizen type issue. if you aren't familiar, it is another kickstarter program. i am sure you can google it. but i really wouldn't worry just yet. give it another month... then start to worry.
come on guys think about it. if you asked for 20k and got 9 million wouldn't that tempt you to just walk away with all that money? i mean really. i would at least post updates from my villa in brazil like 'oh don't worry.' i would respond to emails maybe but yeah that is enough money to live a good life. if it does ship then that's good but i'm not going to get my hopes up.
............ i'm just going to pretend that this isn't really happening right now and focus my attentions on other things.
any new updates !!!
@lauren. no, your pledge can not be cancelled.
since i have only backed 2 projects ever on kickstarter (noob here), i am curious - if there is an extended delay from what was originally projected in completion of the project and/or updated projection, are we able to just cancel our order and get our money back?
"we are perfectionists! we have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. we have identified and locked in our manufacturers who will be able to ship within 60 days of successful project funding, so you can enjoy your very own baubax jackets before the winter travel season kicks in." isn't 60 days already?
starting to get an uneasy feeling about this one. this lack of communication is worrisome.
@bruce thanks so much for your comment. spent a lot of time and seek for a right window tablet suit my needs... all are just having a 10inch+ screen and slightly bigger than an ipad air. maybe not able to zip but hopefully at least it would be capable to hold it in the pocket
@ desmond - the 10 inch measurement refers to the diagonal measurement of the screen. baubax said that the tablet pocket would handle ipads and other tablets of similar size. the outside measurements of my ipad air are 6-3/4" x 9-1/2". if your tablet is somewhat larger than those measurements, i would have to question whether it would fit. your surface is more than a 1/2" wider and an inch longer. at this stage i don't thiink we can say for sure exactly what the limit is on the tablet pocket.
update please
hi, would like to ask how big is the ipad pocket exactly? it mentioned as to be a 10inch pocket...but if that is possible to fit a microsoft surface 3 (10.52 x 7.36 x 0.34 in / 267.1 x 187 x 8.7 mm)? considering to get a window tablet that could carry around with the jacket... many thanks
if baubax ships the first week in december, they would be received before xmas by almost all usa backers.  i rarely see packages take longer than a week -- even right before xmas. international backers are likely to be later.
@gin with black friday coming, even if baubax ship in late nov or early dec, we might still only get them in early jan...... no matter which shipping company baubax will be using, it'll still be jam at custom......
thanks to all that have helped with questions.  sorry i couldnt be on much lately!
@nicolas: thing is, from what i've seen other post in here, there is more communication between beaubax and indiegogo(or whatever it is) than there is with them and us here. i can't confirm it, since as you can see i'm not entirely sure of what that other site they launched this jacket on is, but even an update, an official update, would go a long way with everyone here.
guys, think about it.  they wanted $20,000 for this project, and they got over 9 million for it.  that's a huge overshoot, and they've told us that it most likely would be late, so please calm down and understand that they're working their butts off to meet demand a lot higher than they were anticipating
@cheryl: you'll probably get the cookie cutter "send it to this email address for any concerns/issues".
just sent an email to baubax asking for updates. cross my fingers that they will reply soon. this lack of response and updates is getting very worrying and annoying.
@ gin - it looks like you and a couple of others have taken over from me, rolts, meliissa and some others to handle posts, thanks for stepping up and helping to keep backers informed - as much or as little as we can.
@ gin - that was a rather graphic response to my analogy, but maybe more appropriate. i hope baubax gets the point you made.
as many here have stated, it would be great to get an (official) update. can you please send one out?
@su ann kok - good points there. however, you're mistaken when you said "let's start questioning why we have not received our products end month ^^" . the jackets are only supposed to leave their warehouses/factories end of this month. :/ @cookie hui jin - probably because whoever who logged in either was too busy replying  to the endless private messages, or are looking at others' projects ( i hope not) @ng say aik giz - i'd pray for a january delivery if they are on time. @ bruce,while i agree with you, at this point in time, by not updating , it's akin to having an open wound that's dripping in pus and blood , and not bothering to do anything about it. just my 2 cents. :p i do hope that it'd be as you've said - that the next update would be about revised delivery time...
for anyone who is upset about baubax not replying your comments, they have been super quick to respond to my email queries. please direct your questions to  support@baubax.com and you'll find a reply within a day or two. i received my reply within a few hours! as people have previously mentioned, i would also rather a quality product over something that has been rushed.  bear in mind that it is only the start of november. let's start questioning why we have not received our products end month ^^ thanks for the great info in the comments so far.
i've already accepted that in all likely hood the delivery will be late or next year. whatev the estimated delivery time may be for any campaign in ks, you can go ahead and add 6-12 weeks to it. just to be safe. i've backed over a thousand dollars of campaigns.  none of them, not one, came exactly when it was supposed to.  i just hope when they do ship, they pieces are elite quality.
if you check, the last log in was 2nd nov. so, why can't they just update us?
now november is delivering month!!! please update on production and shipping!
when will the product reach singapore?
well, it's been a month+ since the last update. in my personal opinion, the main reason why we have not heard anything new is because the news they must communicate is not what we want to hear. so they keep putting it off until they can tell us something positive. if we agree that the original deadline will not be met, then it becomes a question of just how much will they miss it. they might not know themselves yet. they may want to wait until they can tell us a better estimate as to delivery times. "bad" news is like an adhesive bandage. it's best to just rip it off quickly - get it over with - than to drag it out and slowly try to pull it off. in my opinion, the next update that tells us anything concrete will be a revised delivery schedule.
the indiegogo campaign started after the kickstarter campaign ended.  they have stated that the ks rewards will ship first.  the campaign initially estimated shipping in early nov for delivery before thanksgiving (us). with the overwhelming response, they revised this in the survey update to ship by the end of nov. so, if everything goes well we should expect the jackets in december. if there's any delays, and there probably will be, january seems more likely.  given the number of jackets ordered (75,000), and that many backers chose multiple jackets of different styles, colours and sizes, the picking, packing and shipping is going to be some effort.!
can we please get an update on expected shipment. :) the updates put me at ease...
@justus ackermann . you deserve a freakin medal, and a job as their pr. *twothumbsup* @nancy  trinh - probably one of a company with 40 years of combined experience, and 11 enterprising ideas, among others. let's learn to be patient yeah? :d @roger - yes, send an email to support@baubax.com , but probably expect a long time before you'd get any reply. @charles, damn spot-on analysis. and why indiegogo? cuz "heck yeah we be sitting on golden goose so lets maketh moar moneis yeaah?!" . probably.
@charles dexter ward thank you
so, 259 projects backed & successful (and another 100 or sot hat didn't make it) and you can hardly call me a n00b. when a project offers different pledge levels with specific delivery dates on them, i expect them to hit those dates (a few levels with one delivery date is less likely, in my experience). 3doodler did it with a ton of units to deliver... so where the heck is baubax? not even an update in an entire month?
every 2 weeks i come here to see any update for my packs. i know the shipping window start from november however i would like to have regular updates from baubax about where we are. it like tricky since when money still in my hand i get update regular and ask for pledged more to enable the project and after transfer all money, i got nothing update for whole month...
just so nobody is surprised when it happens....this kickstarter is not likely to deliver on time. the sheer volume alone will likely push this past the promised delivery date (bad on them for underestimating the due date..common mistake with inexperienced ks project creators)..add to that the fact they also apparently had an indiegogo campaign at the same time? wtf is that about anyway? that will not help on-time delivery either. pestering them at every turn asking for where your jacket is is also not helpful. i think they projected a late november delivery (never gonna happen) and it's just barely november now so chill. at least wait to hear an update from them. i would like my jacket in that time frame just as much as anyone (esp because i have to travel across the continent in dec and would reaaaallllyy like my jacket for that trip). i ma resigned to that not happening though.
@nancy...patience.
@roger arenas...on the campaign page, under the reward you selected, cick "your response". if you need to change anything you should message baubax.
can we change our shipping address if we moved?
umm.. sooooo.... when will we get our jackets??  no hasn't been any updates.  what kind of business practice is that???  a quick update message would be helpful... rather letting us sit here waiting for you guys.
should be monthly updates here. i find kickstarter project noobs frustrating, probably almost as much as they find kickstarter backer noobs frustrating. :)
@ catherine - e-mail support@baubax.com. please be prepared for a long delay in getting a response. also, note that since you waited more than a month from the time the surveys were sent out, you might not have much luck in getting a change at this point.
hey baubax:  i need to make a correction to my initial backer order.  i made this request moments after completing my initial survey and still haven't been given an option of correcting this.  how can i contact the project directly with an update to my order?  thanks!
@stephen yep, but we also share two campaigns that delivered very fast and had very good communication, i guess we can call that even :) and unlike the workout shirt i am not afraid of a scam here, baubax is just terrible at updates. be happy you didn't pitch in on pico ;) and i agree, the "this is not amazon" crowd is not helping at all. i am well aware how kickstarter works and unlike fixed delivery-dates, updates and creator-backer-interactions are the cornerstones of the whole enterprise here. too bad baubax just doesn't care.
@justus...only now realized we are both in the same boat with both this campaign and the "greatest workout shirt". i guess we seem to both pick loser campaigns.  even an update of "we are here, don't worry" would take 5 seconds. and this one is 9 million dollars! it is almost more annoying reading all the " you people don't understand how kickstarter works, blah, blah, blah". even if they were hand stitching each piece themselves, send an update while you are on the toilet if you have to.
@justus they should hire you lol
dear baubax family, the last few weeks have been overwhelming, we still cannot comprehend the success the travel jacket had on kickstarter and is continuing to have on indiegogo. we are committed to give you the best product imaginable and rest assured, it will blow your mind! we are truly sorry about the lack of communication over the last month, we are working tirelessly to ship the jackets as soon as possible. we have around a thousand emails a day and are really trying to answer as much as we can, but it is just to much work. nobody here could imagine how big this whole endeavor would be! at this point we would also like to thank the many people in the message board who tried to help as many people as they could, even without being affiliated to us. you guys rock! we just wanted to take this update to tell you all, production of the travel jacket is on route and we are still within our timeframe to start shipping at the end of november! here are some pictures of the finished jackets in all styles. please understand that person to person communication on this scope takes a long time, we will try to answer each and every email in time. but one more time: the travel jacket comes, and that soon! keep traveling!! sincerely, baubax ********************************* it took me 5 minutes and 7 seconds (yes, i used a stop-watch) to type that. how is it not possible for baubax to do that? and if the news are not as good, it might take longer to write it, but than an update would be in order even more. there is no excuse for the kind of communication they are showing.
laurensius lukito , unlikely. more likely for them to reply to the private messages (in the hundreds, if not thousands ) than for them to read messages here lol.  just my opinion though.
@jenny shiau, i'm not surprised if they are "too busy" with everything else, and that their "combined 40 years of experience" would mean that everything is on time. but good point there. @cindy kwandy - by rights, by december. by left, nobody knows. @sanjay emmanuel - because everyone is tooo busy checking out their production sites to give an update like how a proper company or service would. @klaus breddemann, actually, from what i understand, the goodies are supposed to leave them end nov. not now. but i'd agree on the point that we do need an update at least on where in the process they're in now. @lauren, the only rare and few status updates are ... well. automated replies to some people on indiegogo, and on facebook.  and whatever they replied recently here. as far as i can see, they did log in today, but i'd assume that it'd be to further reply to the endless (49k x3 enquiries aint a joke, if all of us messaged them over 3 times lolololol) enquiries that has been sent to them. @ david, even the kind backers willing to answer are running dry tbh.
update next but the one thing is worrying the lack of communication from the creator,  i checked th last login is 2nd nov  so i assume they read the comment
@ashli kessinger; if this comment section had a like button i would do so with your comment on baubax hiring someone to type an update. seriously, an update on production is all thats needed to rest people's nerves including mine.
when are they delivering the product ?
still no update from baubax. wonder why ???
the goodies are supposed to be shipped in november. come on guys and give us an update.
has anyone received a status update on the project in general? the last thing i heard was i had 48 hours to complete my survey (which i didn't get an initial email on), but unfortunately haven't heard anything since. it sounds like that may be an ongoing trend but just wanted to check and see if anyone else has had any luck as we are now in november.  if the creators are reading these messages a monthly update would be nice so we know what's going on with production. it would definitely help ease backers' concerns.
angela, many people that post here have very basic questions that could be easily answered if they simply scrolled down the screen or spent a few minutes reading through the kickstarter faqs.  backers like rolts have performed a valuable service providing consolidated answers to very simple or common problems.  baubax said a few days ago that they want people to e-mail them if there are problems, so those that choose to ignore that request and continue to post here will have to rely on the continued kindness of other backers to steer them in the right direction.
@rolts- it's cool you want to attempt to explain kickstarter to newbies. however, most here would simply like a production update, which is something baubax should provide as a gesture of good faith and decent customer service. :)
any updates; it's been a month since the last one. i'm not concerned about dates or anything at this point (since i learned the hard way with the last project i backed that was delivered over six months late). but seriously, it would be nice to get an update about where things are in production. they did get $9.2 million, so i'm assuming they can hire someone to type an update.
no updates for a month now.... it would be nice to know if we will still get the jackets by thanksgiving, just keep your customers posted about how you're doing !!
@ jonathan nguyen. no, i am not affiliated with baubax, im a backer only. i've tried to assist a lot of newbies to crowd funding and tried to encourage them to send queries in the right direction as well as trying to get backers to understand the realities of the kickstarter process. a group of us have being doing this since the beginning of the campaign, because it was clear many confused kickstarter with an online store.
@rolts are you affiliated with baubax?  you seem to be very interested in redirecting the questions and tempers of other funders..  just curious...
* section *in *was
@ daniel lau; to check your survey, go to the rewards se tion of the site. if you are using the desktop version, it will be on the campaign page. if you are using the mobile version, it has its own tab. scroll down until you see the reward that is green in colour, this is the reward that you selected. it the bottom of this reward panel, you can check your survey information that you submitted to baubax. the only information about delivery is from the initial campaign where it was said expected delivery was november. don't be surprised if this is not accurate as the project as heavily over subscribed and this will lead to delays.
do you recd my survey ? when my bomb jacket can be sent out ?
@ micky brunetti; if you want a particular product to give as a gift, kickstarter projects may not be the ideal choice. ks projects do deliver, but you are not dealing with an established business; these are start ups and you are providing seed funding. as a result, projected delivery dates included in campaigns frequently slip, some times by months, in other cases even longer. in baubax's case, they were pitching for $20 000 as their initial goal. they achieved a goal 450 times higher. this introduces a massive complexity in both production and distribution. this is before you even take into account the added complexity of backers who have had issues accessing surveys or who incorrectly completed surveys and then bombarded baubax support to fix their problems. the logistics suggest that november is extremely optimistic. tl;dr - i'd get another present as stand by.
any updates? its already november. at least an indication when we are getting our stuffs. i planned to take the jacket with me. now i need to buy another to use temporarily. waste of my money.
hope to get it before december.  it was supposed to be a birthday present.
@luke h; +1
everyone relax, they'll make the date or they won't. i'd rather receive quality stuff after a certain deadline rather than a rush job just to get everything out on time.
how about a goddamn update to say sorry we are not going to make our deadline to shut everyone up here including myself.
radio silent since they got our money. thats fucked up!
i wrote this to baubax - gaganjeet singh sethi oct 28, 05:57 hi there, i am pretty sure you guys must be crazily busy with the manufacturing process of the jackets. i backed the project on kickstarter and am afraid that other backers are having serious concerns. i do understand that delivery might be pushed back by a few days due the quantity that needs to be produced. i would however appreciate if you guys can put an update on kickstarter (say every fortnight). november is 3-4 days away and the concerns will only increase if no updates are shared. i hope you understand the seriousness of the issue. expecting a response from your end at the earliest. thanks. this is the response i got:  agent 003 (baubax) oct 28, 09:30 hi gaganjeet, thank you for the email and we appreciate your concerns. we are working on this as we speak and should have an update soon. again, we appreciate your support! team baubax
well, they do read the comments. it's interesting that baubax posted a comment about sending queries to support@baubax.com shortly after i posted a comments saying the same thing.
@ ann malcolm: 1. check your e-mail account's spam or trash folders. it could be there.  1a. check your deleted folder. you might have accidentally deleted it.  2. if you have more than one e-mail account, check them all. (but you should get the survey at the e-mail account you used to register with kickstarter.)  3. the first survey went out about sept. 25-26. scroll back through your emails for that time period. note: you should have gotten a response e-mail confirming your final selection details. look for that. if that fails -  4. go to the campaign page and scroll down (maybe a long ways) until you see your selection highlighted in green. make sure you haven't deleted your jacket pledge when adding a blanket. in the lower right of your selection, you should see a link to respond (or see your response if you have already responded.)  4a. if you don't see your selection, try again slowly. if you still don't see it, you're not signed into the ks baubax page, or you're using the wrong account (or you didn't really make a selection).  5. sign in to your ks account and try again.  6. if you are using ios, some have reported issues with accessing surveys, try logging in on another non - ios device.  7. if you find you have only pledged for a blanket, you will need to contact baubax at support@baubax.com they were endeavouring to resolve such issues.
never got my survey
or more accurately and estimated date, based on the facts they had at the time they set up the campaign. given how many backers there were, there's no way in hell they're going to be able to make and ship them all by end of nov.  get over it people.
it's not a promised date. it's an expected date. this is kickstarter, not a store.
hi creator, please give us an update if our jackets are ready to ship out soon according to promised date.
@creator, you need to provide us the shipping update not just thanks for our patience!!!!
@mike kopack: if you looked at my previous one, an update was what i said should happen. i even sent them a message saying such, but got the cookie cutter response(which to me says "we got the notification, now here's what to do before we address it").
hello everyone, we would like to thank all our backers who have been helping others by answering questions here in the comments section. the comments / messages / emails have been in overwhelming numbers and we are trying to consolidate and redirect them to support@baubax.com. please send your queries / survey related questions to our email id and we will revert at the earliest. thank you for supporting us! team baubax
@ mike - yes, it may not be the best (i don't think it's terrible), but is seems to be better than what many folks are getting from baubax. unfortunately, many comments here should have gone directly to baubax because they could not be helped here. but we have tried to help as many people as we could.
@owen - how so? because they don't respond here? just email the support@baubax.com like they said... geez... they're probably trying to funnel all help requests through 1 medium so they can keep track better... this comments section is a horrible way to try to distribute information and answer questions...
customer support here is....lacking at best. i don't think i will be buying anything from baubax in the future.
@ owen - i got the same message response.
@ jack chan ka ho; if you ordered the blankets when you ordered your jackets, there is not extra shipping fee for the blankets. if you added the blankets when the survey came out, you will pay shipping for the blankets.
if i already paid for 2 bomber, and i add 2 more blanket, should still pay for the extra shipment fee?
so...i sent them a message, saying they should probably at least send out an update or something...and i got a cookie cutter response of: hi , please send your queries / concerns/ survey response change request to support@baubax.com for us to help you better. thanks  team baubax
i really don't get why everyone is getting all bent out of shape. they aren't supposed to deliver until sometime in nov, we're not in nov. relax folks. just because they aren't communicating the way you expect doesn't mean it's a scam. give them some time. they only asked or hoped for a fraction of the number of orders they received they're probably swamped and overwhelmed trying to work the logistics to get so many more produced than they had originally planned for.
@ bruce, sorry to hear of the er trip also, hope everything is on the improve @ melissa; good to see you back. hope kitty is well enough for the kitten pocket.
@ sandy holmquist: thank you for posting your experience, that will reassure some backers who have emailed support and the advice about checking junk mail folders will be invaluable to some.
i think what most people want here is an update. we get it if the orders are overwhelming and extra time is needed but it would be common courtesy to post quick updates. i am currently backing another project (znaps) and they are super with their communication. they give great updates on the status of their production at least once in 2 weeks. would be grateful if this team could post an update soon. that's all that most of us are asking for.
@bruce- sorry to hear about the er trip.  hope things are better now!  that is a really good idea.  with so many pockets, it'd definitely be easy to store a few first aid/emergency things like that.  i didn't get the blanket- but i do have those silver sheet heat reflector thingies.  or maybe a place for a tote bag or two for shopping...  a lot of good ideas will come from backers, i'm sure.
hi guys- thanks for sticking around and helping others.  sorry i haven't been around much.  busy at work and a very sick kitten. :( kitten is on the mend though!
i wrote to support@baubax.com on october 3rd. regarding a sizing change and it took about a week to hear back which i totally expected given the number of people they have to deal with. i did get a response about a week later and it went to my junk-mail  as it came from 'agent 002 (baubax)' so you really have to check your mail carefully. many of my backed projects have sent emails that have come through my junk-mail and with unrecognizable names so you really have to check the subject column before deleting and make sure that when you write to them that you create a subject that you will recognize. the first email that they sent to me said that they would make the changes (3 weeks ago) and yesterday i got an email asking me to confirm the changes so they are actually still on top of everything as long as emails are sent through the right channels.
apparently email support has gone the direction of general updates - as in zilch, nada, zero. i have an open inquiry trying to get a survey sent to me. was one of many (as it sounds) that changed my pledge to include the pillow with my initial pledge for a sweatshirt. because of that i didn't get on the list to get a survey, since they thought i only was getting a pillow (for a $179 pledge). after two follow up emails in two weeks to them, have heard nothing back. very frustrating since i was on the original pledge backing, and since i can't get my survey in, don't know when i could possibly expect to get my sweatshirt, regardless of when shipping begins. not even mad like others here about the timeline - i just want to be sure i'm in line at all! /endrant
@gramme - you need to e-mail support at baubax.com about this. i doubt they will act on anything posted here.
hi, i ordered 3 jackets but desperately need to change my delivery address, please advise.
@ david; +1 and don't forget those demanding changes because they were careless in filling in surveys, or those stating they hadn't received surveys, only to sheepishly admit that they had already filled it out. smh
@sujit shetty; from the first day of the campaign to now, the estimated delivery has been november. we will all be pleased if they begin shipping then, but as this is a kickstarter project and not a store, don't be disappointed if this target slips.
baubax team , still awaiting the delivery of my jacket . would be really nice if you could keep me posted as to by when the same could be delivered . cheers
bonnie, instead of dealing with a half-dozen reasonably well behaved people, try and instead imagine what it would be like with your store filled with 40,000+ people screaming at you for immediate service, and calling you a fraud and threatening to sue because you can obviously not deal with them all at once.
@ bonnie, it's highly unlikely that they'd use that sort of casual tone. if anything it'd be something generic and formal: dear backers, thank you for your comments.  we're currently still on schedule with the production of your jackets and expect to start delivery by end of november. regards. team baubax. huge disclaimer : they did not say that, but i'd not be surprised if that'd be their basic template.
@bruce - hope your wife is ok.
tl:dr : i'd love a super quick update. so i worked retail for ages, and learned very quickly that taking a moment to make eye contact and tell the next person in line- "i'm sorry for the wait, we'll we be with you as soon as we can" could easily buy an extra 15 minutes before frustration-rage set in. this is the same. i'm soooo excited for my jacket i'm checking the mail every day.  i have a trip in november and i'm telling everyone about how cool i'll be on the plane in my drink-holding, pillow-hiding, light-blocking jacket. only... i'm really worried i won't get it in time. i'd be cool with that eventuality...l if i had any damn idea what was going on. it takes one person less than 5 minutes to say "hey all, we're a bit behind on orders because you're all so dang excited! give us another month. luv n' hugz, baubax."  i'm not some online shopper expecting my stuff in x time, i'm an investor that's questioning my investment because it's been almost a month with no updates. drop us a line baubax, at this point, any news is good news, and no news feels like a scam.
@jonah, check if you got the right reward. you can get find it in the rewards section of this campaign: http://imgur.com/9kadlof it should look like this for your option. if you cant see this on the app or your mobile site, open on your phone browser , select "request desktop version" or something similar, and hope it works. if not, get a proper com :p @bruce that sure sounds positive. i hope it'd arrive for you to use before the year ends! :d
i never got my survey how do i get it???
i found another use, other than travel, for my windbreaker (when i get it). i had to take my wife to the emergency room for a medical emergency in the middle of the night. i just pulled on jeans and an old short sleeve shirt even though it was raining. 14 hours later at the hospital, my wife was doing much better, but my phone was about to die. i had no way to charge it. in the future, i will keep a small portable charger in the windbreaker at all times, along with a charging cable. i may even keep a couple of granola bars in one of the pockets. at the emergency room, the temperature was in the 60s. i could have used the windbreaker inside to stay warm. needless to say, the next time i have to go somewhere in a hurry, or in an emergency, i will grab my baubax windbreaker, ready to go.
then they'd better hope that they have some form of delivery system right off their beloved asian factories. lol
@laurel baeder, just wondering, you do realize that they are likely getting these jackets made in china and it takes containers over a month to arrive?  in order for them to ship in november, the container should have been on the water already.  instead, the only thing on the water are the crickets, and those don't swim very well.
@maxyim: it depends on your credit card & it's not easy.
anyone had success with disputing the credit card charge with your merchant?  just wondering, not there yet myself but getting close.
wow! you all need to calm down! the delivery deadline is over a month away. have some faith in baubax. they have almost 45,000 orders to deal with so i'm sure they're spending a lot of time on logistics and production. i'm also sure they will update when there is news.  would you rather they work on getting products ready or writing "nothing's new" updates for you? i mean, the most likely scenario is that there is no real news... they're just working on making jackets as fast as possible.
this is the second project i've funded. the first was the undress who shipped out and completed their product months after funding, but had updates for each color and style they were producing including production issues, which styles had been completed, and written updates as well as video updates. it took roughly 5 months from their projected date to complete all orders for every color but they were thoroughly organized and i received up over 50 updates, and still receive emails on the companies progress. i hope i have not made a mistake supporting this one, but they could certainly take a cue from the undress makers production team in my opinion thus far.
what a scam, how do we get our money back and who is liable for that scam
this message board feels like a broken record - and i don't even read all the posts! :) and i still can't wrap my head around baubax's refusal to just post real updates, i fail to see a scenario where that is the right strategy.
i think the success of the project has lead to overwheming logistics, and this could explain the issue of a lack of communication. however was it wise to start indigogo campaign whilst not completing the kickstarter project.
@adamsheffler, i agree with you. despite their combined years of experience in the industry, their customer service is indeed... juvenile. @kaiser kai, i agree - the drinking jacket (something very similar), had lesser fundings, but 9 whopping updates after funding. talk about true customer service. if anything, this company seem to be run very very traditionally, especially from their automated reply... @tyler oakes,denise, vichunda rattanapian: this is what i'm able to dig off indiegogo- associate @ baubax campaigner 5 days ago hello everyone, sorry for being away. thank you for your support and interest in our products. we are happy to share some updates: - baubax team is working closely with the manufacturers to complete the pre-production activities.  - some of our team members are currently on factory sites ensuring the quality of our final product. - we are in process of preparing the order confirmation survey and will be sending out the same by end of the month. thanks team baubax disclaimer- i do not work for baubax. i'm a fellow frustrated backer.
is this a god damn scam wtf?
i need to know when i can expect the product...haven't had any updates in a while hope this isn't  a scam
hi there, i just need to find out where do we stand with the delivery of the jackets? i need to know when i can expect it. thanks
i'll second many of the opinions here. an update once every 1-2 weeks is really not that much to ask for after receiving over 9 million dollars in funding.
any updates?
can we have an update please? thanks
i have no problem being extremely patient as long as the creators communicate with us and give us periodic updates.  instead they are fishing for more money on other sites and haven't taken any time to focus on the consumer.  can we have a picture of the hurdles of the manufacturing process? are we behind on the timeline?
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/chug/the-drinking-jacket-the-ultimate-drinking-accessor/description wow. i found a predecessor. that doesnt matter though. we have kitty pockets .
scratch that!! i got it taken care of :)
i got an email saying the surveys are out but it didnt have a link to a survey or an attachment in the email. can anyone help me ot on where i can fill it out? thanks in advance.
something fishy is going on. i have backed quite a few projects and none have gone this long without communication.   all these backers, any local to the baubax team based in chicago? find out if there design studio actually exists. the designer of the jacket is based in california. seems like all the backers at indigogo will feel the same as we are once their deadline ends. all responses coming from baubax seems automated and generic.
@david thanks much appreciated!
thanks for the answers!
@jamileh delcambre; well said. this clarification has been made in the comments a number of times, but has tended to get buried with queries about surveys and sizes. unfortunately with really successful projects like this one, due to media and social media promotion, many people jump onboard as backers without even reading the campaign faqs or kickstarter's faqs. because of this, some who are new to crowd funding, believe they are dealing with a fully formed retail company. others see the large funding base and assume that the creators have immediately employed a full pr and customer service team. a number of backers, who have been involved with previous campaigns have tried to educate others, but as many haven't read the readily available information, it has been an uphill battle.
just a quick message to everyone complaining about well....everything. this is kickstarter. you are not purchasing a product. you do not have any legal standing unless people legitimately take your money and never deliver a product. you are not an investor in a company, you are pledging money to take an idea from concept to product. the product you're getting is a thank you for supporting the process. cool your jets. this process is long and easily thrown off schedule by everything from product design to material sourcing to manufacturing. you are not buying a jacket from amazon that is promised to be delivered at a specific date and time. you are sponsoring an idea that will eventually net you a physical thanks. tl;dr - knock it off. this is not an online store.
peter you are supposed to round the chest measurement up.  the sizing chart indicates you should get a large. disclaimer: it's not my fault if the jacket doesn't fit when you get it.
guys i am a 33.5 inch for my sleeve and my chest is just under 42, which size should i choose for the bomber?
@tara they did log in here but they just didn't give any update. really bad customer service.....
@ kurt johnson, the fingerless gloves were always part of the initial jacket design. the scoop gloves were a stretch goal that was unlocked at $5 million. so each jacket will come with both.
@kurt, it's still probably included https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/597538543/the-worlds-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-bau/posts/1340947
i just thought of something.. what happen to being able to choose which style gloves we wanted? closed vs open finger tips? did that stretch goal get pulled or something? lol
all the projects i have back have amazing service till the campaign ends. look back during the campaign they answered questions daily now nothing since it ended. awesome! not
i sent them this message on facebook a few days ago:"hello! i am a backer on kickstarter and while not nearly as upset as other backers (yet), many of us are getting the feeling that you took the money and ran away with it. you should know that the only way to make a business like this thrive is fantastic customer service. that starts with communication. all you need to do to satisfy many backers is post updates on a regular basis, like weekly. nothing fancy, something like: "hey backers! we have finalized fabric and have sent back prototypes with no changes made. production has started." a week later: hey backers! manufacturing is looking good!" i can't even begin to imagine the legal issues that would happen with 45k backers that are starting to get ansy. there shouldn't be any reason you can't communicate with the people who helped your dreams come true." their response was about 26 hours later: "hi tara.... thank you for the message... we will definitely keep in mind your suggestion and send out an update soon ! team baubax"
the big let down is the lack of communication. yes they are busy and yes its a start up, but it realy doesnt take that long to say due to the large amount of orders and popularity of this jacket delivery will be pushed back and we appologise. however we have attached a few pictures of the the factory in production. not sure about everyone else but thats one of my fav bits as a backer when you see the products beeing made and processing through the stages
as someone who backs a lot of kickstarters, i will be surprised if they made the deadline of december especially going way over their goal. as most projects go, you can maybe expect this project maybbeeee 2 months later. so as long as i get it before my spring break trip, i'm satisfied! welcome to kickstarter!
@iosif yup. got mine wrong too, but i got response from them regarding size change request although it takes awhile.
@iosif, yes. roughly 50% of thr backers, i assume.
not sure if similar cases have been mentioned before but i made a mistake when completing my survey. i have sent an email to baubax but have heard nothing back from them. anyone in the sam boat as me?
one thing i forgot to add is that the indigogo guys may see their surveys next week, equvalent to how we saw ours the last week of september.  take this with a grain of salt is it will probably depend on the progress of surveys here.  hopefully people have finally made up their minds and the address, size, colour change requests are starting to dwindle?
the interpretation of the shipping date at indiegogo is that they will begin shipping jackets after kickstarter pledges have shipped. for international people, you need to keep in mind that shipping could take time depending on the method chosen.  your order may also get held up in customs in your locality while they figure out if you need to pay a duty.
i really hoping they are not waiting till the other one is done and can order larger quantiles before they make them - it's easy for them to say they are behind with so many people - that they didn't expect this many - and who are we to know the difference!!!!
@ kirsten - yes, you are right. it is sad that we hear nothing here. but baubax is still taking orders on indiegogo. so they are going to try to encourage people to buy jackets there. the ks has been closed since early september for orders. in my opinion, i don't think they have anything new they can say, or want to say, at this point. as i said in an earlier comment, the actual delivery date is questionable. i'm not sure they know for sure. the indiegogo page shows "estimated delivery." so, that december date is not firm. the only thing we can be reasonable sure about is that the ks backers are supposed to get their jackets before the indiegogo buyers.
i'm not very familiar with indiegogo but it seems really strange to me how vocal they are on that campaign compared to here on kickstarter.
@ nancy chen - i guess you have not been following the comments in the past day or so. the only word from baubax, many weeks ago, was that the jackets were supposed to be shipped sometime in november. they have not updated that so far. but the general consensus of those of us with experience with ks projects is that we probably will not see any jackets until late november (most optimistic guess) to december (possibly realistic) to early next year (my prediction). and even when they start shipping, it could take weeks to get all of them shipped. as sharon noted earlier, people with multiple jackets may have to wait until all jackets in the order are completed. the jackets are probably being made in china or some other asian country. will they be shipped directly from there, or will they come to the us for final distribution? if it's the latter, then shipping to countries outside the us will take a while. in short, when the jackets will begin shipping is anyone's guess, but don't count on receiving it any time soon.
when will you start shipping the jackets? can we expect them early november?
well, at least it is a sign of life, even if it is the most basic response possible. all too often campaigns will tell you "we will post an update soon" and then it's again three weeks with nothing happening. let's see how baubax interprets "soon" ;)
baubax's reply to my comment on indiegogo.  looks like they doing their best to respond and that an update is imminent: you have a reply to your comment! hello jennifer, associate @ baubax just replied to your comment on world's best travel jacket with 15 features-baubax: i’m a backer for 2 bomber jackets from your kickstarter campaign. please provide a much needed update to your original kickstarter backers as to what is happening, process, last day for survey etc etc. they’re all restless and have many questions and are probably beginning to wonder if you’re a scam launch. an update on that site will go a long way to allay their fears. savvy backers on indiegogo will also be looking on the kickstarter site to see if you are legitimate. communication is key here is what they have to say: hi jennifer... thank you for your advise...we will soon send an update to our backers on kickstarter... team baubax view or reply to associate @ baubax's comment in the comments tab of this campaign. sincerely, the indiegogo team
@bruce cool!!! now i learn something new, "out of pocket" @gin u sure there is a "in the pocket"?? lol at everyone who is wondering, no, none of us got our jacket(s) yet!!! as the earliest date they will be shipping them out is end nov 2015. and most likely those who ordered 1 jacket will get them 1st, those who order multiple will have to wait till all ur size, colour and design are all finished before they can ship to u as they only ship once. i'm one of them who order multiple jackets....... 6!!!!! so i'll have to wait a long long time...... so @gin, we are from the same country so do not let me see u wearing urs and walking ard coz i will rob u!!!! lol.....
@shao-tang wang, did you answer any survey? anyway, do not be surprised, it should appear in dec or jan (or even later). after all , you're an investor (whose reward/dividend, is a jacket), not an online shopper. :) @ whoever who cant find survey :  http://imgur.com/9kadlof it should look like this, for your option.  if you cant see this on the app or your mobile site, open on your phone browser , select "request desktop version" or something similar, and hope it works. if not, get a proper com :p
@johnathan widjajaja - when they say "we will deliver in november" , i'd have assumed that  they will only start delivery in november (and thus arrive around december, if you're lucky). @wenshan chen, who knows, sometimes it's the receivers' end. for eg, they did not send or fill their survey properly. @joe, just lots of backers making lots of comments ;) @bruce, no prob man. i was "in the pocket", i guess. @pamela, actually, it's just one week left to start of november, and 5 weeks left to delivery.  xd
seriously, i have no idea why they take so long. the response was overwhelming and they could have worked on the production ahead. sizes like s,m,l would be very popular, where they could work it by batches.
whats going on with this
@ everyone - also we have to keep in mind that deliveries will be dictated not by when we placed our orders, but when each combination of style-color-size can be finished. is my xlt black windbreaker going to be cut, sewed, inspected (i hope), packaged and shipped at the beginning of the production run, in the middle, or at the end? in other words, i could get my order quickly or very slowly.
@ rolts - thanks for the correction. but my point still stands that i don't think they will make that deadline. @ jonathan - i believe the ks backers will (should) get our jackets first. but the indiegogo backers probably won't get their jackets in december. we will be lucky ours in december, in my opinion. but it is interesting that baubax posts an "update" of sorts on indiegogo, but not here. i guess they are still trying to get more orders, assuming the indiegogo site is still open.
since i first joined this campaign it has always said under the faq's "we will start shipping them in november" and it still says that. so relax and enjoy life everyone, there's still more than a month before they even hit their estimated shipping time :)
right sending stuff that suppose to be arrived december and ignore us that suppose to be arrived november.
@ bruce gilliland; hi bruce, on my desktop view of the campaign page, the estimated shipping dates still show under each pledge level. hope this helps.
on indiegogo they said: campaigner 9 hours ago hello everyone, sorry for being away. thank you for your support and interest in our products. we are happy to share some updates: - baubax team is working closely with the manufacturers to complete the pre-production activities.  - some of our team members are currently on factory sites ensuring the quality of our final product. - we are in process of preparing the order confirmation survey and will be sending out the same by end of the month. thanks team baubax
@ shao-tang wang - the original schedule as posted on the campaign page (which is no longer there by the way) said that the jackets would be shipped (or delivered) in [late?] november. so, even if they are on schedule, you would not be getting your order until next month at the earliest. of course, few of us believe they will come anywhere near that deadline. my personal opinion is they they will start shipping in late december or the first of next year. the fact that they removed the november target date from the campaign page makes me think they realize how far behind they are. if you have completed your survey with your style, color and size information, there is not much you can do but to wait, hopefully patiently.
hello, i'm a bit confused. cause i still haven't got any of my jackets. so i was wondering about the delivery issue?
@ sharon - "out of pocket" is slang, or an idiom, for "i was not available" or "i was busy." the oxford english dictionary says out of pocket meaning "out of reach, absent, unavailable" dates back to the us of the early 20th century: "1908 ‘o. henry’ buried treasure in ainslee's july 69/2 just now she is out of pocket. and i shall find her as soon as i can." it does not refer, in this case, to that portion of medical costs that insurance does not cover.
@bruce u posted this --->> bruce gilliland about 23 hours ago @ shenju huang, @ gin - thanks, gin, for responding to hi as i was out of pocket this morning. what's the meaning of "out of pocket this morning"?? can explain? i'll like to learn.
@ fung yiu ming - are you talking about the original email (sent out sept. 25-28) for your original selection options, or are you talking about an additional selection/order made on the first survey? either way, you need to contact support at baubax.com to try to resolve your problem. however, first check your email account's trash or spam folder in case it got placed there. everyone - this is not the place to post such requests. yes, baubax is slow in responding to issues sent to them at their support, but it is the only way to get your issues resolved. posting here does little good. several of us try to help where we can, but order problems is not one of them.
hello baubax, i cannnot receive the added pledge survey is it sent out already?
wrt y previous comment; this relates to the kickstarter app on ios devices. if you use the safari browser (or another browser i suppose) the link does appear. so, use the browser, not the app if you're struggling to find the link to your survey/response.
@steve - thanks for clarifying the link problem. i wondered if it might be a browser issue, but i didn't pursue it. still strange he didn't get the survey email. i have not seen anyone saying anything about closing out responses, so let's hope everyone gets their selections made.
* and not a d
@ alex wilson, this is covered in the campaign faqs. if the jackets don't fit, you can exchange, but you must pay for the 2 way shipping costs, that is the return a d postage on the replacement jackets.
question: i order my jacket and bomber. if for some odd reason they are a little to small or big what is the exchange policy? thanks
i have noticed that the link to the survey at the bottom of the pledge, as mentioned below by bruce, does not appear on ios devices (ipad or iphone). if you are using one of these, you will need to find a desktop or laptop computer. i don't know if other mobile platforms are affected in the same way.
"responding to shenju huand...."
@ shenju huang, @ gin - thanks, gin, for responding to hi as i was out of pocket this morning. when i scrolled to my selection, i saw at the very bottom a link to my selection response (since i had already made my selection). are you sure there was no link of any kind at the lower right of your selection? i cannot provide a link to the survey. each person has his/her own. since you have an email from ks or baubax showing your selection, you need to forward that to support at baubax.com and explain that you cannot access a link to complete the survey. but double check your selection first, and then be patient. as gin noted below, they are dealing with hundreds, if not thousands, of other requests like yours.
@samuel drinkwater, they are swamped with over 49000 backers' email(multiplied by 3 folds, many are sending more that once). chances are it is indeed in their inbox, and they will eventually reply you (provided that you've made it easy for them to locate ur purchase and thus update their records)
@shenju huang, check the green highlighted reward option again. there should be a survey. if not check your kickstarter settings ( under backed projects). it might be there. if all else fails, take a screenshot of your payment and reward and include all necessary info: size, color,model, and your address
hello, i have just tried to change my address on the survey you sent out. however it would not let me only giving the option to send you a message, which i did with the new address on. can you confirm you have received and acted on it please. cheers, samuel
hi @bruce, thanks a lot for your reply!  i checked my email (including trash or spam folder) but couldn't find the email you mentioned (sent on sep 25~28). i was charged $ 159 usd  (a windbreaker or bimber).  i checked the campaign page and saw the green highlighted item as you mentioned, but couldn't see the link.  so could you provide the link again? thanks again!
http://imgur.com/vc01ae2 woot. looking forward
will these be delivered in time for christmas?
corrina,they actually meant " will begin delivering end november.
@leigh thal  they said specifically that the jackets would arrive in november. its still october. be patient.
this is leaving a feeling of doubt in my stomach.  legitimate business's don't leave the primary source of funding in the dark for so long.   i'm heading off on the trip of a lifetime on december 20the. starting to think i won't be taking my new jacket.  starting to wonder if i bought 'vapour-wear'
@ man ho lori lee - most likely it is too late. you can click on the pre-order button above and go to the indiegogo site. they may have the blanket available for sale, but it will be more than the original campaign price.
if i would like to add a blanket to my order, is it too late to do so now?
@ shenju - also, log into your ks account (don't just go to the ks page). then on the campaign page, scroll down until you see what item you selected. it will be highlighted in green. if you got a jacket, and you have not completed the survey, you should see a link to the survey.
@ shenju - i think what you are referring to is update 11 that came out oct. 2. it had a link to the sizing chart. you should have gotten another email sometime around sept. 25-28 with a respond now button that took you to the survey for selection. check your email account trash or spam folder just in case it landed there. if you did not get that, i suspect that you have only the blanket on your order. this has happened to a number of people. when they tried to add the blanket to their selection originally, they replaced the jacket with the blanket. you need to check your credit card account to see how much you were charged. if you were charged $25-$35, you got only the blanket. those who ordered only the blanket, by design or by mistake, did not get a survey. if you got an email when you first backed the project, and it shows that you ordered one or more jackets, you need to contact baubax support (www.baubax.com) immediately to see if you can get your order corrected.
hey guys. just wondering if you could give us an update on how well production of the jackets are going? all the best! looking forward to getting my jackets!
is there a link to place your order? cus i only saw the sizing chart in the last email but don't know where can i decide my size and color.
maybe they took all the money and ran? that's the risk with investing. if the whole project is a scam.  however, the designer is on facebook. has a personal profile. highly expect this product to be delayed well into the holidays. delivery might be slower during that time as well. they have a support@ and a pr@ account. maybe there is a journalist for a magazine that can get their attention wanting to write a piece on the jacket, then ask for an update...haha.
backing kickstarter projects is not for the uninformed maxyim.  when you click that pledge button you have to accept the fact that there is non-zero chance that you will kiss that money goodbye and never see anything in return for it.  kickstarter has been around enough that people should have a basic understanding of what can go wrong with a project, and i sincerely hope that people are not actually choosing to back a project based on the creator's schedule.
by unethical, what i mean is that, by specifically targeting a november ship date, baubax deliberately set expectations to uninformed consumers that their product would be delivered before christmas.  it is all well and good to link statistics on how many projects ship on time - the baubax team would have been privy to the same statistics, and a prudent business would have taken this as a lesson in order to not set false expectations and have to deal with all of the fallout (like this).  an unethical business would have ignored the facts of the situation and selected the launch date that got them the most possible attention.  now, i wonder, which one is baubax?
its well over october 15 but i have not received any follow up email to the survey for ordering more than 10 jackets (i ordered 16). what bothers me i that the latest update has a link for additional purchases with kickstarted price. theyre accepting more orders yet original orders are not being updated as to the status and progress. i know i know its a kickstarted project and that delays should be expected. but given the amount of money these jackets cost (even at kickstarter price) its unnerving...
@maxyim good luck with trying to get a refund because the chances of it being delivered on time is slim. less than 25% off projects get shipped on time ( http://money.cnn.com/2012/12/18/technology/innovation/kickstarter-ship-delay/) and if you're not from the us it usually takes 2-4 weeks longer for delivery.
@ maxyim - you can ask for a refund, but i would not count on it. here is what i said a couple of days ago - you are not buying from a retail operation. you have funded a startup project, or "invested" in it. the project offers you a discounted rate on its product as an incentive, or "reward," to invest in the project. i think if you read the kickstarter faq's, you will see what i am talking about. i doubt you can make a valid claim that would get your credit card company to absorb the charges. also, those of us who have funded other projects know that the odds of a large project like this meeting their original proposed deadline are almost nil. in my opinion, baubax was overly optimistic in their plans. i felt that from the beginning, even before i backed the project. i don'rt think they deliberately set out to mislead people, but i think their lack of experience led them to make a bad projection. if you have made your selection, you will eventually get it. i am sure you will have other trips in the future. as i said months ago here, i am not "buying" a jacket for one trip now. i am buying a jacket for many trips in the future.
i haven't seen any unethical behaviour from baubax at this point.  all of these discussions of "delays" are speculation, from what i can see. our jackets "may" be delayed, and i would be disappointed.  but when i backed, i recognized that the majority of rewards are shipped after the original projected date. if you are going to "demand a full refund" if the reward is not in your hands within 2 weeks of the original projected date.  then, i am very confused by your expectations.
of course delays are expected.  that is, they should have been expected by baubax when they decided to advertise this project with a november ship date (before christmas).  personally i am going to demand a full refund on the three jackets that i ordered if i cannot get them by dec 15; not interested in supporting what may end up to be an unethical company.
clearly many of you have not funded large kickstarter projects like this before. delays are expected, if not guaranteed. you should be happy that they've already asked for shipping addresses, which indicates that they're at least close to actually shipping. i know i've been impressed with what information i've been given by baubax. i've funded projects that are much less complicated than baubax that took 10+ months to deliver the item. kickstarter is about investing in entrepreneurs who think of cool things and sharing in that creativity and ingenuity. this isn't amazon; there's no guaranteed ship date, no refund if your item isn't exactly what you had in mind when you invested, no customer service to listen to you complain about how you're not satisfied with the fact that you knowingly invested in something with no guarantee and plenty of risk. for what its worth, i've contacted hiral and mayank directly (i won't disclose that information to the internet for trolls to feast upon), but only to encourage them and say how much i believe in their product. yeah, i'd like to have my jacket sooner rather than later (i've lost track of the number of times i've already said to myself this season 'oh, i wish i had my baubax jacket, it'd be perfect for this weather/outfit'), but i'd rather management optimize their production strategy so they can more efficiently share baubax with the rest of the world.
maybe they are debating on how to say "we are very much delayed" to us in a nice way?
i just left this comment on their facebook page. hope it doesn't go unheard. "hi, i'm a backer for a sweatshirt and bomber jacket on your original kickstarter campaign. i just wanted to ask you guys to please provide an update to your kickstarter campaign as a significant majority of your backers there are becoming increasingly nervous and disconcerted with the radio silence on your end. looking at your indiegogo page, you guys are at least showing your presence in the comments every week or so. kickstarter? we haven't heard from you guys in almost 3 weeks. we understand if the demand for your product was unprecedented but sincerely hope you guys are working hard to make the best of the money we've invested, and that this is not a scam. want to keep your investors happy? a simple update would go a long way."
@ bernadette - i hate to be a party pooper ('spoiler' for those not from the southern us), again, but i would plan on having another jacket handy just in case. as i have said before, given the large number of orders, and all their variations, and the fact that we have heard nothing from baubax in a couple of weeks, makes me think we may not see jackets until the first of the year. baubax knew that people traveled a lot at the end of the year, and so they set their target date for november. i suspect a lot of people backed the project for that reason - to get a jacket for their november and december travel. in my opinion, they were overly optimistic, and maybe unrealistic.
@kostya, i think you can try sending a mail to support@baubax (or spam them half to death on facebook (not recommended)), but for either way, dont get your hopes up too much ...
guys, can i change my order? thanks
@kathleen, all jackets have the same exact features. bomber and blazer have the added feature of removable hoods. not sure how you've missed it, but here you go! https://ksr-ugc.imgix.net/assets/004/107/094/a855cf6f54b5b594f032a16e0ee264db_original.png…
hi, we have not receive any update aside from the confirmation that your team has received our sized. however, we would like to check if you are still on schedule for the delivery on november. we are travelling on december and we are anticipating to use the jackets. thank you.
all jackets have the same features.
i am having a hard time figuring out what features the blazer has in terms of pockets, etc, other than the zip-in hoodie part. the is no list of features anywhere. i have signed up for one but i will decide on size depending on how useful for family members. some help?
your last update was 17 days ago. i'm sure people would appreciate an update, regardless of whether there is anything to report or not. just some communication might be nice. just fyi.
@ aussie jess - the windbreaker is water resistant (but not water proof). the bomber might handle a light rain or snow, but it's not intended for protecting you against rain. the sweatshirt and blazer clearly are not water resistant.
is the jacket at all water proof or water resistant?  if not that could be a cool feature to consider in the retail version.  can't wait to purchase one
@sharon,lol damn. i should have read the fine print.�
@gin they said "the jacket" will exceed our expectation, but their didn't say customer service will!!! lol
@cr7 i am aware of this. thats why i said the average time. even if they make hundred at a time it won't take just a minute to make one jacket from start to finish, then quality control, processing, packing and shipping. this was just a simple example highlighting the large order and the time it will take to full-fill this. some people here still think that they will get their items in november. i can't see that this is physically happening. hopefully i stand corrected.
@marc though i agree with you that the november target will be missed, there's a pretty big flaw in your logic. your math equation presumes that a fully functional, professional textile factory can only make one jacket at a time. it's more likely producing a 100+ simultaneously... however long the production time of one jacket truly is, it won't equate to just one jacket per that time frame. there's more than one sewing machine in there.
"our team is comprised of seasoned entrepreneurs, fashion designers, user experience designers, and supply chain experts with more than 40 years of entrepreneurial and manufacturing experience, so rest assured the jackets will exceed your expectations." very experienced. much seasoned. wow.
@penelope, i don't disagree with anything you've written. the lack of updates post funding has caused a great deal of angst. the number of backer issues must have them snowed under is the only mitigating factor other than naivety of the team.
@rolts it will probably be true that more people will come on and express their dissatisfaction with the company but quite frankly it will be their own fault for not communicating with backers. if they updated once a week or once a fortnight then at least you would know what was happening and expectations could be managed. if they update, not in the comments section mind you but in an actual update, and let people know where they are in the process it would generate a bit of goodwill and it would be easier to point to specific updates for answers. there have been quite a few questions asked of baubax and not a lot of answers from them. i get that they're busy but part of this whole thing is making sure your investors/backers/people who funded you are kept in the loop. tell people what is going on with the work!  'oh we hit a snag today ... it was xyz.'  'this is happening slower than we thought and this is why'. it's good business sense to keep the people that gave you money onside and happy. you can't deliver their product within the timeframe you originally gave, but you sure as hell can keep them updated 2x a month!!!! they also weren't particularly clear on sizing or labelling of the jackets. i'm looking at pictures of the blazer not knowing if i'm looking at the black or the navy version. is it really so hard to give details when you post your image?  it would minimise a lot of trouble down the road from people wanting to know. and yes, i've checked out their facebook page. it's starting to get frustrated people commenting on it. so anyone new to the jackets is going to see angry people complaining to/at/about baubax first up. not great. and something they can address by communicating better with their backers on their first campaign.
@ bruce gilliland, the survey period was pretty rough with all of the access issues, cancelled jackets when adding blankets and the unbelievable incorrectly filled in surveys. november is going to be a very difficult month. as soon as it approaches, it will reveal a lot of backers who still believe that ks operates like an online retailer, with stock on hand and ready to mail out.
@ andrew - define "closer." technically, they have about six weeks until the end of november. as i said a few comments below, i question whether they will make that date, even to start shipping. i'm still waiting on my coolest cooler that was supposed to arrive last february. i don't think baubax will be that late, but i am not counting on my jackets until after the first of the year.
folks, i was wondering when they will ship the jacket ? as a backer, i want to know more with their latest update. i assume the delivery / shipment is getting closer
still i don't believe that the average time it takes for 1 item to be manufactured, processed and shipped can be below 2min, which would take 2-3 month to complete. even with 2-3 factories. just quality control and processing one item for shipping including boxing and the like would take at least 5min. i don't believe at this stage they have a large shipping department with lots of people working there. but looking at the large quantities i would think no-one seriously would have expected they can stick to the original schedule
marc they said in one of the updates that they are working through 3 factories. even after you factor in that one or 2 might be a larger percentage than the others they should still be good to go. even projects i've backed that ended up being pretty major flops communicated better than these guys. we will see how the jackets are once we  get them but right now this is the project i've been most excited about, and the most disappointed with (in regards to the lack of communication).
there is no way that they fulfill full order shipment by november. you just have to do the maths: there are approx. 45,000 backers. lets just assume everyone ordered only 1 item for now and they would be able to do produce 1 piece per minute and would work 24/7: one day has 1440min. so this would take them 31.4 days!! now we know that lots of people ordered multiple items and i would assume the average production takes longer than 1min, then add processing and shipping out to this, you can all multiple for yourself how long it will actually take to fulfill this order.  then they have all the indiegogo orders on top of that as well. so this will be added to the production as well. let's just hope that they started already production in the background. lack of updates as this stage is really annoying. they just rely on the few dedicated backers to run the comment section, which is really poor form from baubax. just takes 1min to write a quick update in the comment section.
well, i finally filled out my survey after they told me that: they don't make a blazer in my size; they won't make a blazer in my size anytime in the future; and they won't let me switch to a different style.  i am unimpressed with their customer service, but there's always ebay after it arrives.
i wonder if this is a kickstarter first, complaining about a delivery deadline being missed before it has even occurred.
@ jeannette - unfortunately, no. you are not buying from a retail operation. you have funded a startup project, or "invested" in it. the project offers you a discounted rate on its product as an incentive, or "reward," to invest in the project. i think if you read the kickstarter faq's, you will see what i am talking about. i doubt you can make a valid claim that would get your credit card company to absorb the charges. also, those of us who have funded other projects know that the odds of a large project like this meeting their original proposed deadline are almost nil. in my opinion, baubax was overly optimistic in their plans. i felt that from the beginning, even before i backed the project. i don'rt think they deliberately set out to mislead people, but i think their lack of experience led them to make a bad projection. if you have made your selection, you will eventually get it. i am sure you will have other trips in the future. as i said months ago here, i am not "buying" a jacket for one trip now. i am buying a jacket for many trips in the future.
this super sucks..one of the main reasons i backed this project was because jackets were supposed to be mailed out in november and that perfectly coincided with my trip to london. but there are still no production updates and october is half over. is there a way to "un-back" a project does anyone know?
at this point, i have stopped checking this page daily for updates. just hoping for the best. lowering expectations...
@sharon, that why i've told them quite bluntly that they need to communicate and reassure their backers.  however, i have been communicating with them via their support@baubax.com email address to change sizes and delivery addresses.  they take a few days but each time they have responded, albeit with the same (seemingly automated) email response.
@jennifer all along i trusted baubax and even help them out at the comments here. but with their poor communication, and no updates....... i'm also beginning to wonder..... other ks campaign that i've backed, some even ask backers to vote which day is communication day, so nobody needs to be thinking why no updates..... and some campaign, even when nothing to update, the creator comes in just to say "hi" and inform "no update today" and many are one man show but they bother to do it. baubax has a group of people but they did not assign someone to do the job. idk..... maybe baubax do have poor planning as they did not expect their jackets to be so popular...... just hope i won't end up being crazy shouting here "scam"
i've written a comment on their indiegogo site to request an update: "i’m a backer for 2 bomber jackets from your kickstarter campaign. please provide a much needed update to your original kickstarter backers as to what is happening, process, last day for survey etc etc. they’re all restless and have many questions and are probably beginning to wonder if you’re a scam launch. an update on that site will go a long way to allay their fears. savvy backers on indiegogo will also be looking on the kickstarter site to see if you are legitimate. communication is key" hope it won't fall on deaf ears.
i really think the only people that have not gotten surveys are people that accidentally lost their jacket pledge trying to add a blanket.
still got people haven't got the survey??? strange..... baubax should have employed someone by now to be dealing with things. let's just hope our jackets are being made and we will get them on time!!!
well, i stand corrected. there were a couple of recent comments under update 11. unfortunately, people just now acting on the fact that they have not gotten a survey.
hello, anyone home? this must be a first. no questions or other posts for more than a day now. i hope all those with problems are getting them resolved. for a long time, it was mostly no, with a rare yes. we are long overdue for an update. surely one person at baubax can stop dealing with e-mails to post an update. no final final survey e-mail so far that i have heard about. i assume that it would go only to those who had not completed a survey. let's hope that is a very small number.
hiya folks.  hope were all holding it together.  make all the jackets!!!  (i hope people understand the meme reference)
@baubax - how about an update?
well said maike m.....;-p
+1 @maike lets hope for the people who had a problem with their pledge when they chose to add a jacket that there is a comment section in the survey for them to write their original pledge and desired size where possible .
well said maike m!
i don't come back to the comments page very often because i always wonder if it's a prank specially made to freak me out - like goddammit backers, pull yourselfs together.... how hard can it be to fill out a simple survey? and how will baubax ever be able to get things down if they receive tons of mails with stupid questions which have been answered a million times by all these ggg's here.... but also baubax, would it be so hard to invest like 10 minutes per week to give us a little update on how things are working out? if everything is like you planned it, nevermind. but please don't inform us about any delays last minute, it would really ruin my appreciation for you and your campaign. sorry guys, i had to let that out....
@ david, the survey for blankets only could be sent out much later as there are no choice, merely a delivery address. from the number who selected the blanket tier, and from the other surveys baubax should have a very good idea of how many blankets need to be produced.
john, based on what i understand from what others have posted the kickstarter surveys are customized for each reward tier.  so it is not a simple matter to send you a survey; whatever they send out has to go out to everyone at the blanket tier.
@john, it looks to me that you have followed baubax's instructions to regain your original pledge. i find it odd that those who have pledged for just the blanket have not received a survey; they would need that to provide the delivery address. maybe they are still trying to figure out how to manage the surveys for these, but i would think that any blanket pledge over the standard $25 plus postage would prompt them to send out a special survey catering for this. it would be kind of them to keep people informed though.
@david thanks for response but looking back at my history of contact with baubax, you can see that i thought that had been resolved or was going to be. sorry, a bit of a longish post. aug 14 2015 hello john, thank you so much for your pledge. we're thrilled to have you on board and we know you'll love your jacket! we're just a few days away from unlocking our next stretch goal, but we're already thinking about the next stretch goal after that. that's where you come in! please take 30 seconds to fill out this survey and give us your input: http://goo.gl/forms/bz6urjxblj the results of this poll will be shared in a future update. stay tuned as we add even more features to the world's best travel jacket! many thanks, you're the best! team baubax ______________________________________ john pugh sep 2 2015 i accidentally changed my pledge after "adding" 25 dollars for blanket when i should have changed the amount of my pledge by editing the pledge box. is there anyway to recover my earlybird pledge? i had pledged 109 + 20 dollars postage to uk. my original choice is no longer available for me to re choose. thanks from a very sad person if there is no way back. i originally pledged early in july. ______________________________________ baubax llc sep 2 2015 hi john, please provide details of the pledge that you had submitted on 10 july. mainly your reward selection and pledge amount. thanks team baubax ______________________________________ john pugh sep 2 2015 sorry replied via normal email not through the ks website. anyway, these are the details sent on july 10th. amount pledged $129.00 usd estimated delivery nov 2015 shipping united kingdom ($20) reward early bird # 1 the baubax - windbreaker or bomber jacket: available in any color and size of your choice. future retail price: $175 + taxes + shipping i am so sorry to mess you around like this but it teaches me to not try to do things on my iphone screen late at night when i am tired and need to follow instructions a bit more. regards ______________________________________ baubax llc sep 2 2015 hi john, please select our blanket reward and change the pledge amount to $154 ($129 original pledge for jacket + $25 for blanket). you can confirm your jacket details in the survey that will be sent later this month. thanks team baubax ______________________________________ john pugh sep 2 2015 many thanks. i am looking forward to what looks to be a wonderful product. john ______________________________________ baubax llc sep 3 2015 hi john, i want to personally thank you for supporting baubax - the world’s best travel jacket. we have been overwhelmed by the response to our jackets! in less than 18 hours our kickstarter campaign ends, then the real adventure begins! pre-production work is already underway, and we are working to get everything shipped as soon as possible and on schedule. if you want to receive multiple jackets while you still can, please consider doing so before the end of the day. also, we are running a 'last day discount offer' on the 'pack of 4 styles'. we are offering the $'479 - pack of 4' reward for only $459, so that you can save an extra $20 on our already discounted prices for the 'pack of 4'. so, upgrading your current pledge will allow you to: - lower the cost of each jacket - get the perfect gift for your friends and family - assure that you always travel in comfort wearing different styles on different trips upgrading your pledge is simple and super quick. just click on this link http://kck.st/1ht3mcs and change your pledge level. it’s that easy! thanks so much once again! i really appreciate it. you are the best! regards, hiral ceo, baubax llc p. s.: after the campaign ends we will send an official survey through kickstarter to get your final order details, such as the size, color, style, gender and shipping address. ______________________________________ john pugh oct 3 2015 hi there thanks for the update regarding the fact that survey has gone out but i have not received it. checked in junk & spam folders - nothing. i don't know if this is to do with the fact that i had previously made an error when trying to add the blanket and had lost my pledge. i followed the instructions you gave in pledging the full amount for the bomber jacket plus the blanket under the blanket pledge. i was told that this would be cleared up when i gave in my survey but i have not yet received it. your help would be appreciated. thanks john
@meng u just have to wait for baubax reply as many others are like u so baubax has lots of emails to reply to. if the wait is too long maybe u could send them another email just in case urs got overlooked as i believe the one reading all the emails is getting his/her eyes popping out by now.
i have been sending messages to baubax about changing the order. i chose the wrong pattern by accident. it should be female. but got no response from anyone. any one could help me please? much appreciated.
john, based on your other comment you lost your jacket pledge when trying to add a blanket.  thus, no survey.  there was some talk on the facebook page about baubax trying to fix this but its not clear when or if this is going to happen.
as one of the early backers, i am still waiting for the survey. message sent but no reply yet.
@ timothy shen - we're all eager to get our jackets. but we have to be realistic. it's better to assume the worst and be wrong than to assume the best and be wrong. if you, and hopefully almost everyone else, has managed to complete their surveys - correctly in most cases - then all we can do is relax, go do something else worthwhile, and wait. given the drop off in comments, i suspect most people have completed their surveys, or they are still waiting to hear from baubax about their problems. i hope a lot of those are getting resolved. no one wants to spend a lot of money so someone else gets jackets.
oh didn‘t saw it carefully thought it was oct instead of nov. @bruce gilliland
24 days ago would be around the time they were getting their big fat cheque from kickstarter.  i'm not sure how much production would have been done then besides finalizing jacket designs with the factories. it's worth noting that the indiegogo backers have not received their surveys yet.
24 days ago*
4 days ago dear contributors, thank you so much for having faith in baubax and backing us to help bring baubax jackets to life. we are currently at the end of our pre-production stage and will soon start manufacturing your perks - world’s best travel jackets. (as seen on the indegogo page) gee. production has only just started? that seems... slow?
for a sec i thought david was swearing,until i saw who he was replying to... /facepalm. i personally think that they should at least update us as to how far into production are they at now. by now they should have the surveys (or bulk of it anyway) sorted.  would be november soon, and i sure look forward to the slightest news of its progress.
bruce, there just needs to be some reasonable expectations set.  i knew people were going to get antsy about shipping but i was expecting it to happen closer to halloween.
@ jesus and david - the operative word is "planning." as i said last night in my comments (three below), baubax said november. i will be surprised if they begin shipping in late november.
they are planning to ship in november jesus.  this is not new news.
when are they planning to start the shipping process??
@ibrahim best for u to fill in an address that u sure can get the jacket!!! maybe ur current neighbour's house or something so in case u move they can send it to u!!!
@ timothy shen - sorry, but no. in fact, we're not sure they have even started production. the original campaign said "november." it's not november. most of us who have supported other ks projects know from experiences that many do not meet their original deadlines. the optimists are hoping for december. i am predicting the first of next year. also, remember, once they do start shipping, it could takes weeks to fill all orders. and being a very early backer may not necessarily get you the first jackets. this is not amazon prime with two-day shipping.
i hope they come before january because i'm moving to another country!!!!! and maybe in december i might travel!!! if there is a delay i hope we can call the courier company and change the address
just wonder anyone received the product yet?
@sharon- he may be referring to the outside link to add on to the order- like the blanket, etc. i didn't click on the link because i had no need.
@fung yiu ming what extra jacket survey??? u will only receive one survey on kickstarter. where did u order ur extra jacket?
@ jennifer good to know.. my mssgs were short too ( no ranting) again just to clear the air.. i believe it's one of the best product promise i ve seen in recent times. i am desperate for the company to succeed as any of you other backers. it's bound to create disruption in the marketplace if the final product is as promised. wishing for the best!
i haven't receive the extra jackets survey. when will it send out?
that's good to hear jennifer!
hi, let's all take a chill pill and relax. i'm sure baubax are doing all they can to fullfil all the ks orders on time.  they are also responding to their email via support@baubax.com.  after reading so many negative comments about them not responding i decided to email them regarding a change in the colour of the bomber jacket i ordered.  i did not hold much hope in receiving a reply but to my pleasant surprise, i received one from them confirming that they would update my order.  they replied 2 days after my email request.  i just kept my email request short and to the point - no ranting.
@kv siva prasad; please don't take my comments as an attack on you. they were being expressed to backers of the project in general to encourage a greater understanding of what  a kickstarter project is all about and what it is not.
it's not a vilification drive or any flashpoint. my intention was not to create any misinformation. i only raised it after patiently waiting for a month and raised it to prompt atleast a yes or a no response from the makers. i appreciate responses from @melissaand @rolts for your passionate defence of the makers. i too have high regards for the makers and  expectations  from the company n i love the concept. it was a just polite ask for a response, which is seemingly again a failed attempt. thanks all.
@rolts +1 +1 +1 million
kv siva prasad, i expect questions like yours are extremely low on the priority list right now.  baubax has already stated what the shipping target is, and it would be unfair to start prioritizing shipping to backers; we all want our jackets and we could all probably come up with justification to need it by such-and-such a date. i understand to you it is just a yes or no answer, but it is still something someone at baubax has to spend time reading and writing a reply to; time that is apparently better spent dealing with survey and production issues.
what we backers need to remember is that this project is not a product being sold by a fully fledged manufacturer / retailer. the creators of this ks project were a group with an idea. ks enabled them to raise the funds to organise formal manufacturing of their idea. they are yet to move beyond this stage. by the time they have delivered the product, they will have learned a great deal and have developed a range of skills they didn't even realize that they would need. they originally pitched for 20k, but ended up with 450 times that. so they now have a whole lot more backers including huge number who have little or no understanding of the crowd funding process. these backers have made mistakes with surveys and pledges and want the gratification of instant resolution of the issues, not realizing that they aren't dealing with a full blown company with a pr / customer service section. we need to be patient, read the comments for help from fellow backers and make sure that you understand the kickstarter process, including funding, communication and the whole concept of rewards ( including surveys and delivery process).  tl;dr read kickstarter's faqs, they are important.
@steve thanks. wish the order could be managed for early november. traveling extensively n would have loved to carry d jacket along. but what irks me more is that multiple messages have got unanswered by the company. i want to give the company the benefit of doubt given i like the product, but wish they would take customer query handling seriously.
boarding a plane right now and thinking bout how nice it would be to already have the jacket... the promo video has ruined me for travel.
an update for backers requesting length of jackets: i emailed with baubax about a month *before* the project ended and they promised to update a sizing chart with jacket length before the end of the project (that obviously didn't happen). i sent a message through kickstarter, post-funding, which was not answered. then i sent a message to the help email on their website and finally received the following reply today: "unfortunately, we dont have length details of any styles at this time on hand." so, just fyi, if you were waiting to do the survey until you had more sizing info, you're not going to find out the length of the jacket until it arrives. good luck!
@faye, you need to email baubax
i also wonder if i can change the size i selected
i have sent another email to baubax, hoping for the best
i did reveive the email saying my credit card would be charged but i then all i ever received after that were updates. i assumed i had nothing to worry about until i received an email saying i was receiving no reward a month later and that was the day my credit card was charged
@ rian - did you get an email from kickstarter shortly after you made the initial selection? did you get an e-mail saying that the campaign was successful and your credit card would be charged? if you did get such e-mails, you need to forward them to baubax. but if you cannot produce those e-mails, it's likely that the selection never was recorded. when you make a selection, you have to go through a multi-step process. once that is done, you get a confirmation e-mail. you must have that to go forward.
@sharon that's the problem. my profile says i have no reward for this campaign but i know i selected it when i pledged otherwise i would not have gone through with the transaction :(
@rian check the campaign page to see which reward at the right side of ur screen is in green. is it at the "pledge $5 or more"??
@laurel i did select the sweater reward. i was very confused when i received an email saying i would not be
@rian did you actually select the "sweater" reward? you have to select the reward you want and you can only select one reward...
i backed the project early on in the campaign pledging enough money to receive a sweatshirt. after pledging that money i even returned to the campaign page to make sure there were more sweaters available at that pledge price (which there were) and invited to my friends to join in. i received updates frequently about the project but then received an email telling me how much i pledged and that it would give me no reward (aka the sweatshirt i thought i was guaranteed). i tried to contact the baubax team via messages but have received no response. i never received the survey and am now out over $100. i would not have spent money i did not need to spend if i were not going to receive the sweater i wanted. i am seriously disappointed and wish if nothing else i could get my money back.
@ matt - i'm sorry that your order went bad. if you got an e-mail saying they would/could not make any changes, then i suspect there will be more in your situation. that's unfortunate. this may not be any consolation, but i ordered the windbreaker one size larger than my normal garments so i could wear an extra layer under the windbreaker. if the windbreaker you get is a little on the large size, maybe you can do the same. then you have warmth and rain protection.
@ sharon, melissa, rolts - thanks for taking care of paul while i was asleep. it never occurred to me that the reason he didn't get a survey link was because he had accidentally selected only the blanket. but it makes sense. no need to get a survey if all you are getting is a blanket. hope he can get it corrected.
@matt- that is really unfortunate... i hope that's not true.  :(
that indiegogo number includes that kickstarter number, fransan.
that's incredible.....  ks -> 9.192.055$ igg -> 10.195.047$
sorry, not a month later, a week..
@everyone.. i backed this project for the bomber jacket, and there was a misclick on the survey and a windbreaker was selected.. i emailed them the day the survey was sent out, if they can change it to the bomber jacket, a month later.. today, i just got the email saying they can't make any changes.. due to being late in the project..
i think the answer will be no. they have said that they will be shipping the jackets by the end of november. this tells me that early november is highly unlikely.
hi..been writing to the baubax team through the messages section, haven't received a single response to any of my 3 messages. been over a month since i first sent a message requesting a delivery by 10 nov if possible. a simple yes, we will try or no, we can't would suffice. love the product, hope the response mechanism was better. thanks
thanks!
directly to baubax!
should i respond directly to baubax or to kickstarter?
cool, thanks for the replies i'll give it a shot!
@paul find the 1st email that says u backed for a jacket, send that email to baubax, they are trying to help everyone fix the error. u're not the 1st and won't be the last with this problem. but u will have to wait kinda long for their reply as many backers are having the same problem.
@ paul wallman; i would still contact baubax. they're aware that some backers ended up with only the blanket. they have said they are endeavouring to address this issue.
jeez... never mind, i must have screwed something up when i did one of the add on things, as i'm showing only as having ordered the blanket thing. well that's a bit disappointing.
yeah, the surveys for the other two projects that i backed were delivered fine. so would i contact kickstarter about getting a resend?
the emails people are receiving, such as the surveys and new/updates etc are from kickstarter, not baubax. bb may be initiating some of them by releasing the survey or issuing updates, but the platform they come from is kickstarter's. if you reply to these emails they are not likely to be seen by anyone. if you send a message to baubax support regarding missing survey emails etc, there's probably nothing much they can do about them.  if you haven't received your survey email and can't find the link on the kickstarter web page, you should double-check that it hasn't been caught in a spam filter. check also that your profile has the correct email address. once you've submitted your survey response, you will see a page advising that you can make changes if you've made a mistake. this is only available for 10 minutes. after that your order can not be changed. baubax have said that they will send out the first tranche of jackets by the end of november (after initially saying that's when they would be delivered). take this as a statement of intent. all sorts of things can go wrong in a start-up. your jacket might not turn up until january, or even later. this is normal for kickstarter projects; particularly when the response is overwhelmingly successful as this one is. remember, that started off with a target of $20,000 in pledges. up scaling to $9m might not be trivial.
@paul wallmann did u manage to receive ur survey for ur other 2 backed projects?
@matt ho what kinda issue are u asking them to fix that they are not willing? so many other backers email them and they are fixing things up so it really puzzled me what changes u're asking and will be refused? and like all others said, ks is not an online store, things don't work the normal way an online store does. so best if u could work out ur differences with baubax.
i should say that i responded to that email, found a different 'support' email, and send them a message via the kickstarter messenger service. so i suppose it's a matter of waiting.
i received the 'surveys have been sent out' email. i responded to that mentioning i didn't receive the survey, and followed up a few days later asking them to resend. i'm running an updated chome browser on newish mac, so i wouldn't think it's that.
@ paul - could be a browser issue, but only if you have a very old version of your browser. did you receive an e-mail with the survey link that you could use to make your selections? i'm not sure what you mean by "wait for my emails to get responded to."
bruce, my page shows the one i selected so i should be logged in, just no survey link on it. i have to assume that isn't a mac compatibility issue, so probably just wait for my emails to get responded to eh? i'm moving to asia at the start of the new year so hopefully this doesn't delay my delivery too much!
@ matt ho,  ditto rolt's comment. ks isnt a store, it's a platform to fund/donate to a project or cause. you're literally an investor , albeit a small one. as such, i dont think it is possible to back out now. however , if you're really that unhappy about the product, how about reselling it? im sure tons of people will want it, especially when you receive the product and can provide real pics of how it looks like and so on. @rolts, nah, that watch looks too fancy for me, + i'm too broke at the mo to back anything else ^^;
@ matt ho, because you are a fairly recent member of kickstarter, you may not be aware of the following: when you make a pledge, you are actually donating the funds to a creator of the project. in return for your support, the creator will usually offer a reward of some kind. these rewards are in tiers that reflect the support the creator is trying to encourage from backers. this is not a retail experience, you aren't actually buying a product, although some backers perceive it as such. please read the kickstarter faqs. pledges are not refundable. again read kickstarter faqs.  tl;dr: you can't get a refund, kickstarter isn't a store.
so i just got a response from baubax, and they are saying they can't fix any changes on the survey.. clearly they don't care about their backers.. i will be canceling my order and asking for a complete refund
baubax's communication seems to be pretty decent for a ks project. the linked directly to the size chart... that's very straight forward. i think at this point we should be grateful that the project is staying on track despite the huge volume of orders. i'm hoping to see my jacket before winter is over!
@ sharon. my only "problem" was that i did not realize that the sizing chart referenced in the survey was different from the one on the campaign page. the most recent "update" i complained about a few days ago mentioned the new sizing chart, but i had already placed my orders for one account. i don't recall seeing anything before that to indicate i needed to use the new chart. the survey had a link to it, but there was no indication that it was different. plus, people had been having problems accessing it. had i known about the chart at the time i completed the survey, i would have ordered an mt instead of an m jacket for my daughter. the mt did not exist in the original chart. this is where i have to join the legions of backers who have complained about the poor communications by baubax.
@david thanks for answering for me, u read my mind!!! sorry bruce wasn't online till now and saw ur post. i really though that u are still holding on not submitting ur survey and hoping and waiting for 1 last reminder.
@ david - thanks for the clarification. i did hold up responding on one of my accounts. that is why i got the extra notices. but i have placed both of my "orders" and gotten responses that i did correctly mark each section as desired. i looked at my selections two or three times before clicking the submit button.
bruce she assumed based on an earlier post that you were still holding back your survey submission, instead of making what seems to just be a general comment asking if there is a deadline for submissions.
@ sharon - i'm not sure what you're looking at. could you please clarify? i just looked at the survey response e-mails i got after i submitted my selections from each of my two accounts. they show the choices i made.
@bruce u are funny.... u're helping everyone to try to fill in their survey but u haven't fill in urs!!! lol
@ rolts, et al - accessing the survey (please feel free to add or correct this.) 1. check your e-mail account's spam or trash folders. it could be there. 1a. check your deleted folder. you might have accidentally deleted it. 2. if you have more than one e-mail account, check them all. (but you should get the survey at the e-mail account you used to register with kickstarter.) (i have two ks accounts, each with a different e-mail address.) 3. the first survey went out about sept. 25-26. (i got mine on sept. 28.) scroll back through your emails for that time period. note: you should have gotten a response e-mail confirming your final selection details. look for that. if that fails - 4. go to the campaign page and scroll down (maybe a long ways) until you see your selection highlighted in green. in the lower right of your selection, you should see a link to respond (or see your response if you have already responded.) 4a. if you don't see your selection, try again slowly. if you still don't see it, you're not signed into the ks baubax page, or you're using the wrong account (or you didn't really make a selection). sign in to your ks account and try again. if you did make a selection, and the response e-mail you got shows something is not correct, you must contact support at baubax.com. you need to have the original e-mail (from several weeks ago) showing your selection. be prepared for a long wait for a response from baubax. unfortunately, it appears that there are hundreds (may a few thousand) of people with problems of various types.
in response to rolts, here is the information from the creator faq on surveys: "backers are emailed when you send the survey, and they'll receive periodic reminder emails for two weeks. additionally, backers logging in to kickstarter will see a notification banner at the top of the screen alerting them that they have a survey pending." so for those saying they have not gotten their survey, they should check their e-mail spam folders and verify they are using an up-to-date internet browser and do not have anything like ad-block enabled.
i looked through the creator faq and it's not really clear what the obligation is regarding survey timelines.  there is a note that reminders can be spaced out over two weeks but baubax compressed that into four days.  however its not clear if there is a drop dead date after which baubax is not obligated to give you your reward if reasonable attempts were made to get your information.
are we running out of time on the surveys? i got an initial e-mail, then a followup e-mail and a "final" survey response e-mail (i was waiting on my wife to pick her choice.) that last one was several days ago. i assume - and hope - baubax will send out one more "really final" e-mail to those who have not responded.
we should construct a list of every conceivable way to access the survey for a project that uses the standard ks process. we could then save this for cut and paste responses for the future.
@melissa i never knew u could do that!!! i always click on myself then "backed projects" then the project itself and the survey will be there!!! lol
@rolts maybe they stay in places so hard to locate that their local post always get lost on the way and need to call for direction? and it's the norm there for postman to call before sending? u never know......  :p
@ melissa, sharon, great mountain, gin and david et al, just backed a watch project that i think might work perfectly with the jacket as a travel set up. uses gps to automatically adjust to the time zone you are in. don't know if any of you are interested.
hi melissa, same question, same responses! ground hog day, the movie had nothing on this comments section.
@ david; i guess for some it is a case of if you don't get the answer you want, ask again until you do. smh 100% agree with your comment regarding filling in the survey. so many stressing about not getting it as soon as pledge was collected and then not filling it in with correct information. smh again.
paul-from your computer, select the "rewards" category of this campaign.  scroll down to the reward you chose, highlighted in green.  in small type at bottom of green box, it should have a link to the survey.
hey, i didn't get my survey and haven't heard back on a couple of follow ups (i relieved the email saying that surveys were out). any thoughts on who to contact to get the survey resent?
li, i already told you that phone numbers are not part of the standard information provided when shipping something.  bulk parcel carriers are given a package with an address and charge a price to ship to that address.  they do not call around to make sure you will be there when the package is delivered or to find out if you have moved. depending on what carriers are used the parcels will either be left at your door, or if they need a signature and no one is there they will leave a note asking you to call them to find out where your parcel can be picked up.
how i can add a cellphone number to make sure the package will be delivered to me!!!!!! there is no place to leave a phone number when fill up the survey.
@william replying to one email of coz it's simple. so easy to read and reply. there are 44,948 other people here. if 20,000 people email baubax do u think it's still simple? and so many of u sending multiple emails to them from ks, igg, fb and their own website. how simple will that be to be reading 50,000 or 80,000 emails? 1 day only 24 hours, even if they don't sleep and eat they still can't finish reading. i'm not helping baubax speak, just stating a fact. in my last post i've already said, i hope baubax can employ more staff to help out. but it's also no easy task to be employing people. so for the time being, we will just have to wait patiently for their reply. they will reply before sending ur order and ur order is not coming 2moro, so they still got time. it'll be more helpful if those with problems to their order only send one email to baubax so they have less to read. then things will speed up.
@william ganowsky, i've a feeling that at the moment they are swamped with every single backer's email to them. while it is indeed simple, multiplying that by 40,000 means a lot of inquiries to sort though.  that said, there is no harm trying every other outlet there if you are desperate enough (not that i'd recommend, especially if every backer do the same (v_v )'' ).
i have still waiting for a response to request #684 concerning the blazer size the blazer is 1 inch too small in the shoulders and chest wanted to know if i can exchange order for a bomber etc... that your sizing says should fit... still no reply to any of my inquiries, this should be a very simple.
i went back and looked(found the saved images of the sizing chart i grabbed during the campaign) and the xxl women's blazer wasn't in the old sizing either. disappointing and an oversight but not a change after the fact as i thought. extra disappointing as the jacket was for a vip, but have now gone with plan b.  thanks for the suggestion sharon....perhaps best to give a holiday mode, rather than work mode, traveling jacket....
i'm not expecting my jacket until in the new year. hoping for early to mid january, so i have it for my vacation...but will probably be later.
@david i'm not counting my jackets to be on time too. there are too many backers with too many problems and baubax have too little people to handle the problems. just hope baubax can employ more staff to handle everything.
@matt232 try emailing baubax, they seldom check the comments here. but their email is having a long q so u will have to wait kinda long for a reply. but they will reply u, just takes a long time.
hi, one of the multiple jackets i pledged for was a xxl women blazer (bust size is too small for the other sizes) but that size no longer appears to be on offer. when and why did that happen? can that size please be re-instated? this is preventing me submitting the survey.
i would be bracing for delays given that there appears to be a significant number of people asking to make changes to their surveys.  hopefully i am wrong and there are enough "correct" surveys for the first batch of production to proceed.
@gin - thanks. ill try to wait till that october 15th date that i read somewhere. if i dont hear from them then... ill email that support email address. i hope that given their continuous push to sell the product (i received an email with a link to order additional jackets at kickstarter pricing) after the campaign, is that they can still fulfill the original orders of people like us - the backers.
@ peter li, you have taken the correct steps. baubax are inundated with emails related to the survey. just be patient and you should get a response in a while. there have been many posting queries and then sending requests to support @baubax. it is still a small organization with many demands at the moment.
is there a way to correct for mistakes made in the survey?  i sent a message on this a few days ago but have not received any response.
i ordered a female blazer and my measurements are all over the place. having a hard time selecting a size. is there a comparable brand i could use to make a decision?
this was posted on the baubax facebook page yesterday. in answer to someone's query about losing their original pledge when adding the blanket: "we will be sending out individual emails to people who have responded with a copy of their pledge email. it took us a while to find a solution but we have one now. if we have already received your pledge copy, we will be able to sort out this issue for you before 15 oct. thank you for your patience.. team baubax"
@joenelle doesn't 34" bust put u in the s?? u sure u able to squeeze into the xs? or u planning to leave it open?
just wondering if its okay to order xs bomber female with these measurements. sleeve length - 26.5 inches bust - 34 cant see any customazation option or something..help?
re: comments about survey links not working - old browsers, especially ie, don't support the latest technology used in web pages. if restarting your computer does not help, then you will need to upgrade your browser or switch to another browser. i had to switch to chrome because my old vista ie would not always work. if you are already using a different browser, make sure you have the latest version.
@ gin  i need to apologize for my rant.  apparently i filled out my survey the day i got it and forgot about it.  i looked back on my e-mails.  forgive me i'm old, mind not what it used to be.
hi there. i need to change my delivery location from the us to the uk. i've sent two emails to the support@baubax.com email address but had no reply. please can someone get back to me? cheers
@ gin; just trying to keep track of the 'helpful crew'. :-)
@brenton, you'd probably have better luck sending them ( support@baubax or something, im not sure) an official email with a spreadsheet of the size, model , color, and so on. and just to make sure that they got your email, bug them on facebook for the lulz, including the email address that you've used to send em and so on. xd not that it'd work, but it's worth a try.
@rolts, yeah. changed my username. @anshel ma, let me just copy-pasta: melissa "taser creeper" nicole about 4 hours ago maureen- from your computer, select the "rewards" category of this campaign. scroll down to the reward you chose, highlighted in green. in small type at bottom of green box, it should have a link to the survey.
when can we expect the follow up email for those who ordered more then 10 jackets? thanks.
@ anshel, please read melissa's suggestion below.
i can't access any survey! how do i complete it?
@ maureen, your comment that you thought deleted is under the comments section of the last update.
maureen- from your computer, select the "rewards" category of this campaign.  scroll down to the reward you chose, highlighted in green.  in small type at bottom of green box, it should have a link to the survey.
am i the only one that can not access their survey?
i guess my previous comment was deleted because i expressed frustration.  i have tried both foxfire and explorer browsers and i can not access the link for some reason.  i have ordered two jackets and would like to be able to complete my surveys so that i can receive my jackets in a timely manner.  i was hoping to get them in november, but maybe by christmas??  any advice??
sorry i meant firefox
@bruce unfortunately "logic and common sense" seem to be in short supply in this day and age.
@ kan jin; to alter your delivery address you will need to email the creators at support@baubax.com. you will need to provide them with your backer details and provide the new delivery address.
how can i change my delivery address?
@ steve - thanks. i will say this, a lot of folks have raised some legitimate concerns (even jason because i had the same question). even i took baubax to task a days ago about their belated "update." like you, i try to make "i think" or "in my opinion" as part of my comments and suggestions. and occasionally, someone corrects something i said that was wrong. true, i am not an expert on clothing manufacturing. but i am not "just a backer." in an earlier response to scott, i failed to point out that i have a bs in industrial management and an mba. i also have a professional certification in public relations. (and i retired as a lieutenant colonel in the us army reserves after 27 years for what that's worth.) so, i am able, in my opinion, to use some logic and common sense as well as 40 years of experience in the corporate world. in fact, early in the campaign i contacted the founder of baubax directly and made a few recommendations to him about the campaign. are there things baubax should have done better? yes. more and better communications. but i suspect they were just overwhelmed. your comments on the sizing were appropriate. let's hope the manufacturers get it right.
for crying out loud @jason. i clearly said it is what i think; it's my opinion. but i think it makes very good commercial sense. why would a company with over 75,000 orders hold up production because of some problems with 1% of their advance-order customers. they would get on and place firm orders for the numbers they have for the 160 products (styles/colours/sizes). they would likely estimate the quantities for each product based on statistical methods, but this may mean that some orders can't be filled until the next batch is ordered. but one thing would be certain: they won't send you anything until you've submitted your survey response. i can't be certain, however, whether not submitting it by the deadline will mean you get your jacket at all. the sizing chart is quite detailed, and better than some you would get from on-line stores. in physical stores you can try it on and decide whether or not to buy, or even go up-market and have your jacket tailored. my advice is to order based on your chest size (body measurement), and choose the tall option if you're of very slim build. if you're at the upper end of the size range, you could choose the next higher size to allow more room for layered clothing. of course, this has all been said a hundred times here over that last couple of weeks. many thanks to rolt, sharon, melissa and bruce.
@steve, do you have information nobody else does, or are you just offering up an opinion? i haven't seen any statements from baubax that confirm either - if you miss the deadline, you will still get your jacket, but it's not guaranteed to be one of the first batch so might arrive later than the others. it may even be batched in with the indiegigo orders. - also, if baubax has received an email from you since the surveys were sent out, your order will be put on hold until your query is resolved. you seem to be stating both with conviction, as if they're established fact, and if you actually got the baubax founders to tell you something of substance, i'd love to know how.
@baubax are you even monitoring the comments any more? i am glad to see that in your survey you indicated that you will be shipping still in november.  i assume that is still the case as you would know by now if it wasn't.
if you are logged in to kickstarter there should be a banner at the top of your browser asking you to take the survey.
i need someone to tell me how to get to the survey so i can give sizes for both jackets and contact information........someone please help!!!
if you look at your clothing it should all be designed to compliment undergarments.  so a large t-shirt will be snug against your body which will accommodate a large sweater which will accommodate a large jacket.  for personal style reasons you may wish to "size up" or "size down" but in general the actual dimensions of an outer garment  should be sized to your body dimensions and to account for layers.
@ shaun - i am 6'2". my shirts are 16-35. technically i could wear the lt. but i opted for the xlt windbreaker. i wanted the extra room as i've said before, it think it's better to have the jacket a little too large than a little too small.
for all those that may be procrastinating about submitting their survey or wondering what are the implications of missing the deadline, i offer the following: baubax will have completed the design and submitted the patterns to their manufacturers. they are nearly ready to get production underway as soon as they have the numbers required for each size/style/colour. a day or two after the nominal deadline, they will place their firm orders for batch #1 of the production runs.  now, those whose surveys were submitted in time will be guaranteed to get their jackets in the first batch shipment. if you miss the deadline, you will still get your jacket, but it's not guaranteed to be one of the first batch so might arrive later than the others. it may even be batched in with the indiegigo orders.  one thing is for sure: unless you fill in the survey, you won't get your jacket.  also, if baubax has received an email from you since the surveys were sent out, your order will be put on hold until your query is resolved. with 75,000 jackets ordered by 45,000 backers they're not going to put production on hold just for those relatively few queries, nor are they going to be able to resolve all the queries without many of them being delayed. so, make sure you get your size/choice right before submitting, then double-check on the website within the 10 minutes grace period, and make any changes straight away. and for those that are unsure between two sizes, pick the larger chest/bust size. anyway, that's what i think.
@shaun- personally i always think to go towards the larger size for jackets- knowing ill be wearing clothing underneath.  i can't say what will work best for you.  how much larger is the xlt for chest measurements? as noted before- you can always have tailored to fit- and it's much easier to do so with something larger.
the new sleeve measurement method for the bomber has really thrown me off. while the snug measurements for chest (40) and neck (16.5) put me squarely into the lt category (i am 6'1), the sleeve measurement of 36 puts me at least into the xlt size. or should i be getting xlt anyway just to give myself more wiggle room? just conscious about not wanting to look like i'm wearing something oversized...
@ gin, did you just modify you user name? i refreshed and it had changed.
@junze, good point, i interpreted the comment as if it had been submitted. rereading it zhaoying hu, may not have submitted.
@zhaoying hu, if  you've yet to submit you should be able to modify your survey before sending. otherwise if you have already submitted, then you'd have to send an email to baubax, as per rolt's comment..
@ magdalena, i believe the tall fitting is 1.5 inches longer in the body from memory. the sleeve length variation is shown on the measuring chart. that's the best i can offer sorry.
@rishi,  with the blazer, the chest size is critical. get that measurement right, sleeves and even total length can be adjusted by an alteration service. please remember, this is like buying an "off the hook" garment, it isn't tailored to your exact size, so you may need to have it adjusted for your personal fit.
@ melissa, it's been pretty frantic here and on the last update. haven't had time to check the earlier updates for a while. hope no one has been posting there.
this pledge is becoming a bit of a bummer for me. i pledged for a blazer & i don't fit any of the sizes :-( and baubax is not answering the emails, i do understand that they must be swamped but i don't want an ill fitting blazer which i can't even get altered. my shoulders are 17 in, chest : 39.5 in & sleeve length : 31.5 in . plus tehre is no mention of taking waist / hip into account. what can i do ? if baubax can let me switch the pledge from blazer to bomber jacket or sweatshirt this may still work for me. please help !
hey rolts- thanks for keeping up. been busy at work.
@rolts thank you for your quick response! yes, we measured sleeve length in different ways but even from the back of the neck it still seems to be 2-3 inches off from what would make sense along with the other measurements in the size category. i am most interested in the overall length though since that's what usually makes all the difference between tall vs. regular sizes.
@ magdalena, there is usually a 2 week window to respond to surveys. regarding the sleeve length, while fit is a very individual thing, have you looked at the tips for measuring? measuring for sleeve length in the suggested manner is different from measuring from the top of the shoulder.
@zhaoying hu, if you need to change the size recorded against your survey, contact support@baubax. com. provide them with all your backer details and clearly state what change you require. be aware that response from the creators will be delayed as they are being inundated with emails to change survey responses.
i have finished the survey, but the summary is different from the one i chose! i chose small but it shows large in the summary. how do i make changes after submitting??
i have emailed baubax with several questions regarding the sizing of the sweatshirts (what is the overall length of the medium women & men and medium tall women & men sweatshirts? also, the sleeve lengths seem off - why?) 4 days ago and haven't received an answer. i did receive a final reminder email about the survey though - is there a deadline for filling out the survey? is it possible that the reward will be forfeited if we don't fill out the survey by a certain date?
@richard u mean the pink sweatshirt?? that colour was remove long before the campaign end.
does anybody else feel cheated? where is the pink color showed in the campaign ? i wanted to buy the pink one for my wife, that's why i pledged... anybody else feel that way? i call: cheater!
where's the survey link?
i've sent two emails because their biggest blazer size won't fit me and i want to know if i can switch to a different jacket.  no response, but the complaints that i haven't filled out my survey are piling up....
@ tony and others on sizing issues. - if you are getting a blazer, i agree that getting the right size is critical, because blazers tend to be "fitted" garments. if you are getting a sweatshirt, bomber or windbreaker, i would recommend getting the next larger size if you have doubt about the sizing chart, or your measurements don't match the "standard" measurements.
so um appearntly i don't even fit small
i've posted on here a couple of times, on facebook, and sent a couple emails to them (the first on 28 sept) but still have not heard a reply from them other than their auto-reply email with my request number (247). to echo what others have stated, i'm very disappointed with customer service as well. i've submitted my survey, but wish i was better informed when i made my choices.
@ kenneth; my shoulder length is also broader than the largest size. so i m not thinking should i choose bomber/sweatshirt instead of blazer or should i choose the size of blazer based on sleeve length.
@ melissa; i'm not 100% sure, but some backers don't seem to have used the measuring guide to calculate the correct size, as some of the backer measurements being given seem strange. idk
@mohd- as long as you sent an email to support@baubax.com and provided clear and succinct details of your order, it should be fine.  they're receiving tons of emails right now-so you may not get an immediate response.
how does the baubax will reply my email? i have wait for a long time, but nothing happen, how long should i wait for their reply???
ive ordered and submitted for 2 bomber jackets, but when the confirmation email came, its stared ive ordered a windbreaker and a bomber jacket. and the link to edit the comformation says it cant be edited. sent an email to baubax yet not reply. is there any other way to edit the faulty confirmation??
i had a discussion with my spouse, i'm also an asian, but i picked the blazer based on my shoulder length (which seems to be broader than their largest size . i ordered the xxlt and the plan is to take it to a tailor later to customize the chest and sleeve lengths.
so baubax send a final reminder of submitting the survey while there is bunch of question they never reply? the size chart is just ridiculous.  here's my size: chest: 93cm shoulder width: 50cm sleeve: 90cm i just can't find one size of blazer that suit me. anyone else facing the same difficulties?
* chee not cheers, sorry, autocorrect
@ cheers; to change your survey information, you will need to email the creators at support@baubax. com. give complete details of your order and clearly state what change you need to make. be prepared for a delayed response as they are inundated with requests to change survey submissions.
hello, i replied my survey form on the sizes earlier and then got an update that the size criteria which is now different. how do i change my size order?
@jessica w, agreed, people here parroting baubax's indefensible statements doesn't help, but the company's awful customer service/responses are the true problem. they posted a bunch of photos to their fb page back in august, so there are some there (if you trust those are the final colors/designs; hard to say). multiple people asked at that time for better photos and for more in the men's album so we could see at least one of each style in each color. they just didn't bother to respond, and then waited until the money was collected to claim they were in "pre-production". i have no doubt we'll all receive our 'rewards', but starting to severely question the potential quality. this is apparently the first clothing project i've backed here where either the company didn't insist on receiving samples of the final product or refused to share pictures of those samples with the backers. i'm not sure which is worse.
my suggestion to everyone trying to pick sizes, the measurements are not that much different then you would find anywhere else. for example, if you go to nordstrom.com and look at their size charts you can see that they are about the same. unfortunately you can't pick size 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 or 14. just the range with the small, medium and large. the only real different between regular sizes and tall sizes is sleeve length. perhaps you can go to a store and try something on to see what would be the best? @ diana lee: i recommend getting the size that matches your largest measurement. example: if your bust is 40.5", get a large. when in doubt, for everything except perhaps the blazer, go larger. i think it is better to have something a little to big then something snug. plus, then you can layer and wear a sweater or something underneath if you need. hope this helps!
@melissa: such a weird reply. it's not unreasonable to request photos of the three colors they provide.
i'm an asian male and am too small to fit into even the smallest blazer... help?
i'm feeling the pressure to submit my survey response. however, i need help picking the right size because my measurements are all over the place. i haven't received a reply to my email with measurements and from what i see here, i guess i'm supposed to just wing it and hope it fits.
@jamie i contacted them also with couple question regarding sizing and help picking the right size because i fall in between 2 sizes. they did answer me back, pretty much telling me to view the chart and figure it out myself that they cannot help me even its there produced.  so i wouldn't hold my breath on getting a productive answer back
are you ever going to fix the issue for those of us who got our pledge changed to the blanket only? i responded to your request for my original e mail with my pledge confirmation as asked. then nothing. just auto replies to my further inquiries saying it has been forwarded to customer service. that has been going on for weeks. i have had to pre order through indiegogo at the higher price and won't get them in time for the holidays. thought you were going to fix this. really sucks since the only reason i added the blanket was the message you sent out saying to just add it to the existing pledge. so you guys should get this right for those of us who lost our original pledge because it was set up incorrectly.
i have contacted support at baubax 3 times in the last 2 weeks with no response. i have asked about the other color options presented in prior surveys and size questions. i provided my measurements and my height in my last email. as much as i would like the jacket, the communication between your company to your backers is atrocious. i get more spam from you than actual responses to my inquiries.
@ ueli; from an earlier post in the comments section, you should have received a second email, with a link to select the color of the third jacket.
filling out the survey. there is no question for color of jacket #3...
i have looked at a few other jacket retailers and it seems that all sizing is done off personal measurements.  i have not seen any retailer that gives dimensions of the jacket itself.  this is one of the drawbacks of buying clothing online, you have no way to try something on to see if it fits or looks good on you.
hi i'm filling the survey for the travel jacket. i have an issue with picking the right size for my wife. her sleeve length is 31 inches (which would be xs) but her chest is 43 inches (which would be xl). wouldn't be the xl too big for her (especially in height) ? thanks
@samantha pamela feader 1 day ago @jane on july 30th baubax stated that all the materials will be pre-washed to avoid shrinkage.
are the sweatshirts made of preshrunk cotton? i don't recall seeing anything about that...
@jessica- because this is a start up and clothing is still in preproduction, they will not have final photographs of every item in every color.  kickstarter is not a store, but a creative process.  many times we don't get to see the final product until it arrives.
the way this is being done increases the odds of backers having to pay 2 way shipping fees for returns dramatically. i have a blazer and a sweatshirt at home that fit me well. why can't i measure those and compare those measurements with a garment measure chart?
hi guys, i may be missing something, but the sizing chart does not make sense. if the way to measure sleeve length is the same for blazers or jackets (according to the measuring tips, it is), how come the range for that measure is 87cm (34,5in) to 96cm (37.75in) for blazers and 79cm (31in) to 96.5cm (38in) for jackets? my sleeve length is around 83cm, which would put me as size m for a jacket, but this same measurement does not even have a correspondence for blazer, xs starts at 87cm. clearly there must be something wrong.
@jeremy it lost to the red in colour polling some time back. so it's no longer available. maybe future in retail store it will be.
hi. i remember there used to be a "military" colour option for the bomber. is that no longer available?
dear baubax, i'd like to see pictures of the jackets in all the colors before i can properly fill out my survey. thanks.
@scott; you can check if you made the correct choice by going to your log in icon, look at backed projects, select the travel jacket, and you should then, by using the survey button get a summary of the information you submitted. if it is incorrect then email support@baubax.com, you will need to provide details of size, colour, style you ordered and then clearly state the change you need. please be patient as a reply may be delayed due to the high number of requests to alter survey submissions. @valencia, there has been no indication that these are 'slim' fit. the images suggest a relaxed fit. if you are near the top end of the measurements for your size and you intend to layer other clothing beneath the jacket, you may want to size up. if you are in the middle of the measurements or towards the lower end, you should be good.
will the jacket measurements be slightly bigger than the measurements given on the sizing chart? for example, if we do not want a tight fitting jacket, do we order one size up from our body measurements?
is there a way to change size. i may have not click the radio button right.  the survey form says s, i thought to selected xl.
the exchange policy is that you pay the return postage both ways.
hi, is there an exchange policy? if yes, what is it and if not, please confirm. thanks. trust that all would agree that the sizing measurements are a challenge. for a start, there is no measuring tips for neck and the guide appears to be too simplistic and general. feel free to correct. hope this gets addressed in your latest update. thanks.
@jeremy gliksman  hey buddy, i'm getting the same issues as my limbs are longer than "normal proportions". but that is how it is, if we want the right fit we'll need to get our clothes bespoke or altered. can't expect the creators to custom fit every single backers yea?
did anyone else had the next issue, while measuring i got this result: shoulders mt, chest st and arms xlt. i ask help from helpdesk and i get answer back like this: please follow the instructions given to you to make exact measurents. how did they think i made the measurents in the first place???? am not inventing these numbers. this chart is total bollux and the support even more.
congratulations on a great campaign and product.  what would be extremely helpful for us buyers is to know the actual final sewn measurements of the garments, so that we could choose the fit we want.  measuring ourselves tells us nothing about how the garment will fit, because we don't know what the final sewn garments dimensions will be. for example, it's easy to measure my chest/bust size, but i don't know whether the final garment chest width (after shrinkage) is planned to be 2 or 4 or 6 inches wider than the person's stated chest size.  knowing the actual garment chest measurement would allow me to choose correctly between a closer vs a looser vs. hugely over-sized fit. i might choose a man's version if my bust/chest is relatively large compared to my hip width. also, we have no idea what the garment length will be from shoulder to hip/hem length. if the planned garment length (after shrinkage) is relatively short, and i want the garment to cover my butt, i might choose the "tall" size even though i am not tall. or i might choose the men's regular version rather than the women's version.  the garment length from shoulder to hem is especially important for women, because if the hem falls at the level of the widest part of my butt, that may well be 4-6 inches different than if it falls two inches above or below. the front outside pocket size is a very important consideration for me.  for the sweatshirts, the original photos of the women's pocket sizes were way too small to be functional.  now the newer photos only show the women's sweatshirt in black, where it is impossible to really see the size of the pockets, and has me thinking maybe i should order the man's version. garment measurements is what we need to be able to choose the correct size for the look and fit we want. thank you very much in advance for providing this critical sizing information.
thank you pamela
hey folks, i'm not a creator, nor do i play one on tv, but i do do the surveys for a couple of creators and so i know a little bit about the back end of kickstarter. they could not post the new size chart onto the main pages of the campaign no matter how much we'd want them to because kickstarter "freezes" the page as soon as the campaign clock runs out.   this is so that creators can't change what they wrote on the main page and have people claim that they offered different things than they did, thus it protects both the creators and the backers. it would have been better to have the correct sizing chart up on the main page in the first place, but they can't change it now. howls from werewulf!!
@brian, per kickstarter's help faqs, "backers are emailed when you send the survey, and they'll receive periodic reminder emails for two weeks."  despite what the email said (i receive the same one), especially because it's clear a number of people didn't receive their surveys until midweek, i don't think this is final. i'm not sure if baubax is trying to get around the two week deadline since they've been avoiding requests for information, making the situation worse by changing up sizing charts after many submitted their answers, or just providing non-answers to questions. you should have more time, though, to try to get them to be responsible business owners before the surveys are truly closed/unchangeable.
i'm annoyed that i didn't get a reply to my email sent immediately after the survey first went out about sizing before the "final reminder" just now. i feel like i had to submit it, but i have no confidence that i got the size i need. why are the sweatshirts such strange sizes anyway? i'm a 36 sleeve and 16.5 neck and usually wear a medium-tall or large-tall shirt if i can find it. but for this since there is no feedback and the sizing chart doesn't match what i'm used to, i had to just pick xlt and hope i'm not just swimming in it. frustrating.
@all: i want to ask: i always wear men's xl sized clothing. but after doing the measuring according to the updated chart, i get size lt. (and my sleeve length fits the xs size :-{} ). can someone here give me some input on their experience? i don't want to commit to a size before i am sure. thanks in advance.
@ billy hui - although i was critical of baubax earlier today for what i consider sending out their latest updates several days too late, i see that the revised chart does not differ too much from the original. the most obvious difference is the additional of mt sizes for women's jackets. i did note that the sleeve on my xlt windbreaker is now a 1/2 inch shorter. i hope that won't be an issue. i didn't compare the specifics of the balzers' measurements, so i can't say what changes are there.
@ tara - i was not responding to your post. i was responding to a later post from jason doctor. i have no problems with your comments from earlier today, and i agree with much of what you said.
actually it is correct. please cancel my request to change size. thanks.
hi , i apparently ordered the wrong size as i followed the old chart not the new one. i have sent a message to you regarding to the change in size. is there anything else i need to provide? thanks.
@ bruce, i never meant to suggest you were an 'out' or anything. i appreciate that you and others have repeatedly answered the same question. thank you!
hi i didn't see the survey link go out or perhaps i deleted it by accident. can you respond with it or send again? thanks
@ jason - i apologize for mis-reading your original post. however, i have to take exception to your negative response about me and others who have made an effort to help others, you included, who had questions or problems. actually, i believe several of us do know more than most people posting. at least we have made the efforts to try to provide useful information where we could. have we given baubax an "out" for poor customer service? i don't think so. we have tried to help them where we could. if you had taken time to see my comments earlier this morning (6 comments below), you might have realized that i am not a total "homer." in fact, i was highly critical of baubax for their latest blunder. i am sorry that you have not gotten the information that you wanted. you are certainly not alone. but, in my opinion, i suspect that the vast majority of the 45,000 backers have been able to select and then order what they wanted with few if any problems. (a number of blanket mis-purchases excluded.) i wish you good luck and hope that you get what you want.
@bruce, this is why i object to people who are just backers, and have no knowledge beyond what anyone else here does, being overly "helpful" - you've collectively provided the company an out for being awful at customer service. most of your responses are to people who are too lazy to look further down thread or find in the faq, and it obscures questions that only the company can answer. now they're just posting the same response in various forums without any regard for actual answers... and look at your response to what i posted. i clearly stated i was asking for clear front and back photos of each style in each color, *regardless of size*, and you responded based primarily on whether a pic in each size was reasonable. strangely enough, that's exactly the same non-answer they provided to me.
hello everyone, sorry for not responding to a lot of your queries on the comments section here. our team has been working hard and has been busy with pre-production activities. we will request you to please send your queries / concerns to our contact email id: support@baubax.com. we have several emails coming in everyday and we will try to respond to you at the earliest. we are thankful to many of you who have been helping fellow backers in responding to their queries. please continue your support ! thanks team baubax
@ bruce, i too have been a supporter, a little late in the game to be honest, but still a supporter. i also thought that mention of not using the one on the campaign page was ridiculous. i have a feeling that this was a lot more popular that they anticipated it being and are having a hard time keeping up with it. on their indiegogo site whoever they have responding to comments is just posting the same thing over and over again. i am frustrated, along with everyone else, at the team's lack of response. while it is great they have thanked people like you and the several others who have been awesome enough to repeatedly answer the same questions over and over again, it is lazy and unprofessional on their part. this is their company and their product launch. they should be here to answer questions and sooth fears. it's just bad customer service. i backed this project because they were so responsive before the campaign ended and now i feel like we have been abandoned. i don't anticipate that these items will be sent out before the end of the year. i know we will get them at some point but i am not going to stress out about when. i really hope everyone who emailed them gets a response before they send things in for production. that is where i see the delay. since it seems that many people chose the wrong color and size i hope that is fixed soon.
i hope they respond to their emails soon..
http://www.asknumbers.com/sizeconversion.aspx
i have been a strong supporter of this project, often answering questions and helping others with their problems. but i have to call the latest "update" extremely lazy and callous. to post a revised sizing chart after many of us have placed our orders is stupid. there was nothing in the survey e-mail i received to indicate that i needed to use a revised sizing chart. i think this is very poor planning by baubax. you have made other changes to the campaign page. why couldn't the new chart have been added there? dumb!
@ steve - i had made exactly the same point to another person about 12-13 hours ago.
@ sean - sorry i'm just now seeing your response to my earlier comment. yes, sizing is an issue. i normally would wear a large tall, but i am getting an extra large tall windbreaker to be on the safe side. being a little too big is usually better than being a little too small.
yes, @jace, it does. each of the sizes (e.g. s, m, l etc) covers a range of women's sizes. for example, size s would fit a woman sized 4 to 6.
@ teresa, if you have contacted baubax to request a size change, you will need to contact them again nor just post a comment as there is no guarantee they will get your message. if you haven't contacted them directly, no problem.
hi baubax, how do i specify female sizes? my friend is getting the blazer size s(6), but i only have the option for s. does it mean the the s size covers size 4-6?
nevermind, forget my previous comment. the size medium in women's bomber on the link and on kickstarter are the same. so, i do not need to change my survey size. thank you.
@ yen, it depends on whether you want to layer clothing under this or just wear a t-shirt or shirt. layers means you might need to size up if you are near the top of the range for the measurements of the size.
i have one question for sizing. if my chest is 92cm, i should get s size or m size for windbreaker? im male. i am not sure if i choose the exact size as my chest will make me feel tight or it's better to choose just a bit larger size? it's not a like a underwear size right?
@ mithun, the only way to change now is to contact baubax directly from the " contact me " link on the campaign page. be prepared for a delayed response as they will be inundated with requests to change survey posts.
hi, how can i edit the size i mentioned in the survey? i had mentioned lt, but that day the sizing chart page wasn't loading. so after seeing the chart today, i realized, size l would be fine for me.
@cherylene there are some changes to some size but not all so if u check urs got no change then u are ok. i went to check all mine and they are fine.
i followed the sizing from the survey page... so meaning there's no change so there is nothing to be done correct? thanks.
i think the most important thing to remember- please take your time with your survey!  there is no immediate rush, and it is far better to slow down, triple check your choices- than to send and try to get the proper edit!
huzzah update!!! @yewfai- to change your survey- please contact baubax directly "contact me".  please be succinct and provide all necessary info.  remember that they have hundreds of emails every day and may not respond immediately.
hi i have chosen the wrong size, can i make any changes?
thanks pamela!! i'll try to remember that answer.
@pamela, good spotting, missed that.
@sharon, sorry i haven't seen any information regarding preshrunk fabrics for the sweatshirt. can't help on that one sorry.
@jane on july 30th baubax stated that all the materials will be pre-washed to avoid shrinkage.
@rolts melissa will not be so easily taken down by a mad doc.
@rolts @melissa do u know if the sweatshirt is pre shrunk? coz i'm not sure so i can't answer jane. so anyone can answer her??
wow!!! impressive!  my biggest distraction has been a rescue kitten of 4-weeks.  hence the need for a kitten pocket. :)
@melissa, just been watching 6 to 8 black tip reef sharks within a couple of metres of shore from where we are staying. a break from answering questions posted from backers.
@ melissa, for sure. have internet access at the moment so thought i'd try and help out. good to see you didn't abandon this project after the comments from the "doctor".
hiya rolts.  looks like we're in sync!
@aaron- you may contact them directly through their "contact me" button.  please be succinct and remember that they have a few hundred if not thousand emails a day to sift through.  you will not receive a response immediately.
@aaron, you need to contact baubax directly. be prepared for a delayed response as they are most likely being inundated with survey queries and changes. in your first email, give them a complete description of the problem and what change you need to make. @kaitlin, there has been no information about delivery yet, it could be parcel service or postal. expect an update closer to delivery, then you will be able to work out your delivery issues.
@kaitlin- that is up to the service carrier they choose. baubax has no control over that.  when it comes closer to shipdate, perhaps we'll know which carrier will be chosen.  and then you can contact that carrier. if you haven't completed survey- maybe have it delivered to work instead?
when the jacket is mailed, will it be delivered to the door? or to the mailbox? or to the post office? i need to know as my mailbox is broken and my landlord wont fix it. it could easily be broken into and my jacket could be stolen. if it comes to my door it is no problem, however if it goes to the mailbox i would like to ensure i send it to a safe place.
hi, i have complete the survey a day ago. i found out i input wrong information for one jacket. how can i edit the information?
thanks sharon, do you know if the fabric (sweatshirt) is pre-shrunk?
@stacey, there has not been any comments indicating that these are a slim fitfit, i think it would be safe to assume they are a conventional cut. have another look at the sizing chart and if you are close in size to the upper measurements, you might consider what you would be wearing under the sweatshirt. this may help decide if you want the next size.
@sean, unless you know the model wearing the item, knowing what size he is wearing is not going to help. for example if he is 5'6" , they will show him in a suitable size for him. if the model is 6'2"  again they will have him wearing a jacket of his size. i must say i've been perplexed by requests to know what size the models are wearing because clearly they are going to dress them in the correct size for them.
does anyone know if the sweatshirts will be snug or have a loose fit?  i fit perfectly into a m, but am wondering if i should size up- i don't want all the pockets to be bulging out too much if the fit is snug.
@ bruce i was guessing the same that he's wearing a large. i'm in the air about whether to order a large or extra large. this is why i was curious if anyone knew what size he was wearing
@ travis wong - when you pick the s(mall) size, you are pickling a jacket that is designed to be worn by a woman who wears size 4 to size 6 garments. it is intended to cover that range, just as each size - medium, large, etc. - covers a range of sizes. you don't pick a specific number. you just pick the size - s, m. l, xl - that comes closest to your needs. the numeric sizes are there as a guide. @ sean powers - i'm not really sure why the size in the picture matters. once you pick a style and color, all sizes should look the same. yes, they will be bigger or smaller, but they will all look the same. but i'm guessing he's wearing a large. @ kimmee lao - previous posts have indicated that people living outside the united states may have to pay additional fees or taxes on items they receive from over seas. this is a question you need to ask of your government or your fellow citizens. there are too many possibilities and variables for baubax or others here to give you a specific answer.
if i'm having this delivered outside of the us, does anyone know if i'm gonna be charged tax upon receiving the delivery?? cuz i dont want to be charged a huge amount.
what size sweatshirt is the guy with the sunglasses wearing in the blue and charcoal colors?
i've a similar issue... picked a sweatshirt 's' for ladies but not able to select '4'.
@ jason - correction : you are not the first to ask this type of question.....
@ jason - first, you are not the first to ask this type of jacket. many people have asked for weeks to see more and better photos. i think we should be able to see each type of jacket and each color. i believe the photos on the baubax facebook page for a fair, but not complete, job of this. however, in my opinion, i don't think it's practical to expect them to show each size. i have never seen any clothing manufacturer show pictures of each size. if you are not sure what each size looks like, you need to go to a men's clothing store or department store and look at the various sizes on the racks. this can also be a good way to determine what size you need to order. second, it could be interesting to see what happens to backers who don't send in their survey response after receiving followup notices that likely will come. please let us know in a few weeks what happened if you decide not to respond to your survey.
as soon as the surveys went out on monday, i emailed them through their website asking for full, properly-lit photos, front and back, for each style (particularly the bomber for which there are virtually no men's photos that aren't video stills or shot in extreme sunlight". here's their 'screw you, we have your money' response - "as our products are in pre-production stage we do not have pictures of our jackets in all available sizes." i don't know if it was one of the creators or just somebody they hired to provide non-responses. that isn't what i asked but i'm guessing that's what they're planning to do - nothing. i responded that i'm still not going to fill out my survey until i know what i'm going to receive. whether the model is wearing xs or xxl, front and back photos in each final color are the very least they could do.
is it too late to change the color of the jacket you want, i selected a wrong color in the survey and i tried messaging the creator but no response yet!??!
i'm so excited! i've been telling everyone about it. i have high hopes for it. can't wait for it to come in!
ok answered my own question, i thought there would be a link in the survey section, you can click their black logo to the right and send them a message
can't figure out how to change my size? ordered a lt then actually got measured and should really be a mt. sorry if this has been posted before, couldn't find it in the comments
so 2,816 comments, and not a single one by the creator. this is pathetic. they don't answer emails, they don't respond to comments.
i found the following information: men's blazer - is sized right around the same as calvin klein's slim fit suit men's other styles - are sized right around the same as gap women's blazer - is sized right around the same as banana republic women's other styles - are sized right around the same as american eagle on https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/world-s-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-baubax#/ as shown on baubax's facebook page. does anyone know is that true so i could go out to have a try on those jacket size?
@ nick , meant windbreaker not sweater.
@ nick, the pledge you made is shown if you look at the rewards section of the mobile site or campaign page of the desktop site if you are logged on. you only get choices if your pledge level had options to choose between say the bomber jacket or the sweater. you need to look back to your pledge.
@nick this is only ur 1st kickstarter, so fast giving up on kickstarter?? and the survey ask u what u order as u might have choose a reward with choices eg bomber or windbreaker. hope u fill it in correctly to get the correct reward.
@karin it seems like free shipping for blanket was only during the campaign.....
@jane the sweatshirt is 80/20
i hope the whatever i ordered is great...the "survey" process is a joke....it asked me what i ordered.  how would i know it's been over a month ago.  again i hope whatever i ordered is great...this will be my last kickstarter...  fyi i'm not putting down the product just kickstarter.com
hello! i was trying to order a blanket on your baubax collection website (per the link in the survey) but it's charging me $5 for shipping.  is there a way to skirt around that since i've paid for the jacket/shipping already?  thanks!
could someone please tell me what material the sweatshirt will be? it was 100% cotton, but there was a comment about maybe making cotton/polyester. will the material be pre shrunk? thanks.
@ dylan - you asked about the men's blazer waist size when buttoned. i don't think i have ever heard that as a consideration. what is the "normal, average" waist size for a man? i'm probably wrong, but i would guess that it would be about 4-6 inches less than the chest measurement. the blazers should have the same cut and shape as other men's blazers - regular, not slim cut. (there are skinny suits for skinny men, who exist only in ads and commercials.) let's say, for example, you have a size large blazer at home and you can button the jacket. then if you order a large blazer here, you - in theory - should be able to button it as well, having shopped for a suit in the past year, i can tell you that not all suit jackets are cut the same. even with the "same" size, some jackets are tighter (smaller) than others.
karim there was a vote on the third bomber color and red won.  please review the update posts for details.
what happen with the military color in the bomber for man??? its unlocked but i cant select it in the survey
thanks mercedes for reading through all the comments!!!
morning guys- hope all is well.  thanks for the post mercedes! i always forget to look at creators comments for responses as well!
@ kaitlin, great advice for all who have selected the 3 pack. this is sure to be cut & pasted to help others in the same predicament.
@ mercedes; well done, great post. welcome to the " helpful crew."
never mind, i just realised i didn't read the second email with the link to the survey to give the colour of the third jacket. all good now
i ordered the 3 pack of jackets but when i filled out the survey, it only allowed me to pick the colour of the first two, and i'm not too sure how to go about getting that fixed up, has anyone got any ideas or information? it'd be much appreciated
@sharon and bruce, thank you for your wonderful help. i checked through all the updates, and comments to find out about length of the female sweatshirt... and i remembered we can check on every comment someone makes by clicking on their name, and then there's a section which shows "backed projects/created/comments" so this is what i found.  here are some quotes from baubax, that might help others also, feel free to share if more people ask about these questions. july 17th: "our sizing for women's sweatshirt will be the round about the same as american eagle even in terms of length. " aug 22 2015 "jacket with all the pockets filled: we do plan to do a photo shoot for this. for now, please check out the video - the lead male model in the blue bomber jacket - has all his pockets filled throughout the airport, security and flight scenes. " august 15th, in reference to the facebook pic models: "the male model is wearing a us size l and the female model is wearing us size m." juy 27th " blazer fabric: 65-percent polyester, 35-percent viscose (this may change)" july 17th "we will be shipping each baubax jacket with a couple of extra ink refills." and of course to all those that have been helping everyone else with their answers: aug 22 2015 "for questions that have been answered before, we leave it for the active backers to answer them, and we must say you guys are doing a great job at helping the new backers. thank you so much! really appreciate your help =) " and finally, :) i think for the sweatshirt colour, i believe the 3rd picture on facebook (male album), is the blue sweatshirt, you can see the blue on the zipper pockets.  thank you so much helpful crew.
@bruce, great thanks for the info!
@rolts enjoy urself!!!
@ "helpful crew" i'm on at an isolated resort at the moment and had to 'macgyver' my measurements with a builders' tape measure missing 5", and a cord tie from my wife's beach dress. but given the survey was straight forward and the measurements chart clear, all good.
@marco for exchange u will have to pay postage for both ways.
if a small does not fit right can i return and get a medium? i'm sure there is a faq that answers this but i cannot find it.
could i get a response to my email or message? i know you are getting a lot of messages daily. thanks
could i get a response to my email or message? i know you are getting a lot of messages daily. thanks
hi all, i have just completed the respond and found that i can not pick the option of xs (02) for female bomber. thanks and please advice.
asking again, because it wasn't answered before: just to be sure with the size i'm getting for the survey, what are the waistlines for the men's blazers for sizes small, medium, and large when buttoned up? it doesn't say in the size chart provided. thanks!
another very popular campaign i helped with was getting at least 1,000 emails a day.  each response taking about 15-30 minutes.  granted- there were a lot more backers involved.... i do hope they've hired on a few more to simply respond to messages.
@daniel, yes. email to them. maybe adding a screenshot would help.
i chose bomber, is there a way to be able to change to windbreaker?
@bruce thanks.
@melissa my link in the survey to buy extra blanket and jacket is at the top, urs is at the bottom?? guess different number of jackets have different survey format.
@nick, i think it'd take them some time to reply (especially if theres 45k backers asking the same thing over and over). i'm sure it'd still fit into the "deadline" if you are just emailing them to upgrade ur contribution from sweatshirt to bomber (or to reflect your correct reward, if they got it wrong). @lux if the size is wrong and you;d like to exchange, apparently you're supposed to pay for the shipping 2 ways (to them , and back to you), as for the blanket i guess you'd have to email them now, since that offer is closed. :/
@ lynda - at least for men, the tall jackets are about 1.5 inches longer in length and 1 inch longer in the sleeves. i assume that the women's tall jackets would be about the same difference.
@melissa i had already sent the email to them, but they didn't reply me, and the deadline was yesterday, so how can i get the reply form them? i really want the bomber jacket but not the sweatshirt, so can i add some money and change to buy the bomber jacket?
@lux- if you haven't completed your survey there is a link near the end to add a blanket to your order.
@lux- you will be able to exchange your item, but will need to pay for shipping both ways.
@nick- double check your reward tier in the rewards category of the campaign. it will be highlighted in green- if you did in fact select the bomber category- definitely send them a direct message.
hi i just filled the survey out. if the size doesn't fit when i receive the jacket, is there a possibility of sending it back to receive s better fit ? and how can i order s blanket  ?  thanks in advance
i remember that i bought the bomber jacket, but why i receive the survey was about the sweatshirt??? can anyone tell me the answer??? i had already sent the email to baubax, but i did not get the  reply of this problem...
i had some questions about sizing as well. i contacted the company a couple of days ago with no response. could someone please get back to me so i can finish filling in this survey?
can someone post the link to buy the blanket?  i already filled out the survey so now the link won't show.  thx!
i'd wager cash money that these don't get delivered before 2016.  you can't build an apparel company from the ground up with multiple products with no apparel experience... and get them all done by november.  lol. my guess is june 2016.
hi guys does anyone happen know know how different the length of the jackets are between the normal sizing and the tall sizing? can't seem to find this anywhere! thanks! :)
@ sharon - sorry for the delay. most projects i have participated in give more than a week. they also will send out a reminder after about a week alerting people who have not responded to do so. the surveys just came out 2-3 days ago, so i think you have some time.
hello i bought a 3 pack with shipment to italy. i'll be in us during shipping period so i placed my us address in the survey. can you check if everything is ok and refund me the shipping costs?
does anyone know if the bomber jacket has extra wiggle room in regard to the size measurements? the website gives m as 36-37.5in and a l as 38-39in and i'm right in the middle. any advice for whether or not one should go a size up?
hi, i am not able to fulfill the the additional blanket part in the final info pool. it shows me a constant error and does not allow me to enter n/a, and itis a required field. thanks!
@melissa, @bruce or anyone else, any idea how long i have before the link expire?? as i haven't decide on all sizes and still have not take my survey.
@ macenzo - a lot of people are having problems with the colors, or their appearance in the pictures. i can see different shadings for the same jacket, depending on where the photo was taken. that's why my daughter and i chose the black color for her bomber and my windbreaker. in the worst case, we could get a dark charcoal. it's hard to mess up black.
to the sleeve measurement folks;  there are sizing charts all over the internet that show length is in the right ballpark.  i am sure there are also sites out there that tell you how to take that measurement correctly
@bruce the problem is they don't say which color is on the photo ( this one for example : https://www.facebook.com/baubax/photos/pb.863708580374055.-2207520000.1443634560./907447439333502/… ) i like this color but i don't know if it's blue or charcoal.
i'm guessing part of why they don't have updated photos with the exact fabric is because they are being manufactured at four different facilities and are probably still in the process of being tweaked to perfection.  i know that doesn't help people decide as backers.  but that is part of the kickstarter process.  it's not a store, we invest in an idea and get a reward.  it's easy to forget that, especially when you spend a bit more money on a product.  but i've backed many projects before seeing the actual final product until it arrives.
@cosmin ur arm have to be bend too like in the pix they show u. i've bought jackets from us before and they have the same measurement as what baubax have and they fit me fine. so bend ur arm and get someone else to measure u.
i advise everyone to look at the sleeve length. they seem way too long for all sizes, even if you account for the mid neck measuring advised.
@ macenzo - if you are on facebook, go the baubax page (do a search for it from facebook). you will see links to more pictures for  both men's and women's jackets.
just to be sure with the size i'm getting for the survey, what are the waistlines for the men's blazers for sizes small, medium, and large when buttoned up? it doesn't say in the size chart provided. thanks!
@ bruce, yes it is sad i have to even ask the question in the comments section, but a poor customer service does say volumes about a company as well. as far as my questions i asked in the email, they are questions only baubax would be able to answer. thank you for offering though
hi all. i would like to know if someone have a link to see the different colors ( specially for the sweatshirt ) ? can't decide between charcoal and blue
@ jason - while contacting baubax directly should be better than posting your questions here, i suspect they are swamped right now, often with routine requests. i agree they should be more responsive, but in the mean time - what questions do you have? maybe someone here can help you.
@ mercedes (mandy) - i suspect the fabric for both men's and women's sweatshirts is the same. the colors may vary. talls are available only in women's large and higher. based on the sizing chart near the bottom of the campaign page, the men's and women's sweatshirt are sized differently. the men's jackets are sized for larger chests and slightly longer arms. i suspect the length may be a little more as well. men's sweatshirts would be fuller and "bulkier" on a woman. the best we can hope for is that the manufacturers won't skimp on cutting and will make jackets that match the sizing charts.
so has anyone been able to communicate with the actual employees of this company??? i have send 3 messages on kickstarter and emailed them twice. not a single answer. i received the survey from them, but that's it. so far, their customer service sucks
@ rolts, melissa, sharon, et al - i'm sorry i bailed out on you this week. even though i'm retired, i had some other projects that took my time. but it appears you folks have done an excellent job of trying to keep the questions and problems answered.
@melisaa i was really sleepy when i say that doc msg and ended up with a typo...... "u happiness" is actually "unhappiness" lol
hi @rolts!!! miss u so much!!! lol.....
@mercedes both the men and women sweatshirt has the same material, 80/20..... 80 of cotton and 20 of i forgot what (anyone remember??) baubax did extend the length of the woman sweatshirt it would be that black sweatshirt pix.
hi guys i would really like to know if the bomber jacket has a bit of stretch? what sort of fabric has been used? this will help me work out my sizing. as i really don't want to order a mens size if i can get away with the ladies.
hi rolts! nice to see you!  and thanks to everyone that came to my defense.  i was at work and was surprised to continually see my name pop up as i scrolled back. :)
@dale- did you take your sleeve length measurement from the center back of your neck? double check and make sure it didn't start from your shoulder.  @anup- measurements should reflect your body.  i just always keep in mind that it's outerwear, and i want it to zip/button up over a shirt or sweater.  it depends on people's personal preference.  some would like the blazer to fit snugly.  me personally, i took in mind my measurements, then what i usually buy, and what i would like from each item.  i like my hoodies to be a little loose and comfy- so if i was between sizes- i went up a size.
not sure if anyone might know the answers to this, but i thought i would ask in case others were curious also.   i was wondering if the cut and the length of the men's sweatshirt was the only difference?  i like a longer sweatshirt, and the pictures of the female's one comes up over the hips, so might be too short.  or is the material between the female and male sweatshirt different also?  the female's looks thinner.
for people asking about their personal fit, from the campaign page faqs can i get a custom fit made ? sadly, no. however you can get your jackets altered. @ the " helpful crew" what a crazy few days. congratulations on handling the influx. sorry you came under attack melissa, that is one doctor who needs to take a good hard look at himself in the nearest mirror. sorry i'm going to be off line again, only have intermittent internet access.
@nicole - i'm asking you coz you've been quite active and helpful. would it be body measurements just like steve confirmed.
hi all. some circumstances changed and it would be great if i could pass my pledge on to someone else. is anyone interested in a pledge for any 2 styles of sweatshirt, windbreaker and bomber jacket? it's at the 249 usd pledge with a 25 usd option for shipping to the uk. please offer. thank you.
i've just gotten myself measured up (for the blazer) - and according to your sizing chart, i'm an m in everything - except for sleeve length; i measure up as 83cm but your chart states 89.535cm?  that's quite the difference (6cm) - is this correct?
@anup. it's your body measurements.
@jason doctor- i'm sorry that you feel i misrepresented myself.  i never claimed to be a part of the baubax team.  i merely shared known information that has been stated on the campaign page, or discussed common knowledge and opinion amongst the backers in order to help those that are not familiar with kickstarter or who may be having trouble with this campaign.  i am just trying to help.  any design or campaign issues should be voiced directly with the creators through their "contact me" button.  if the creators wish for myself and others on this page to stop responding to questions, i will gladly step back.  but until then, i will continue to answer questions if i have any suggestions or can offer up information that is publicly known.
i'm still not clear on whether the sizing chart is for body measurements or for jacket measurements. please advise.
hi, there. could you please post pictures of the bomber and blazer in different colors? about the female sizing chart, i see in size m there are sizes 8 and 10. however on the option, there are only m or mt how can i choose the m10 size? thank you.
can you please post more pictures of the bomber and in different colors? i cannot decide without more visuals
hi baubax, with the female sizing chart, i see that there are sizes such as 4,6 and 8. however on the option, its only small, medium etc. i am assuming 4 and 6 will be exactly same?(as you can only choose small size).
@john if u made a mistake while filling up the survey and u submitted it, the only way is to email baubax.
@katherine ya they are sending by batches. i got mine 1 day after everyone started getting.
@boyang chen it's actually inside the survey where u select ur size there is a link. anyway here is the link http://www.baubax.com/sizing-chart/
@boyang chen: you better read the email that they sent you as this contains not just the link to the survey, but also the link to the sizing chart
how do i change my order?  size and color?
are the surveys sent in phases? i have not received mine but my friend received her's last night. she contributed about a month earlier then i did. thanks
i got the survey, i read it 4 times and there is no link to a detailed sizing chart. anyone know what it is? thanks!
@sam it lost in the polling of colour some time back before the campaign ends. red took it's place.
@daniel in ur survey, at the starting, there is a link to baubax site to get a blanket at $25 but it doesn't include shipping.
what happened to the military color for the men's bomber?
@jason doctor, you're employing double standards. nitpicking details in melissa "taser creeper" nicole's replies (such as typing "u" for "you") instead of admitting that you didn't pay enough attention to details yourself to realise that she's a backer, not one of the baubax employees; interpreting her suggestion to view the company's fb album--which was phrased politely, as all her responses are--as unacceptable, while granting yourself wide berth by saying that your "pointed questions might come off aggressive...but aren't yelling at someone". unlike the suggestion next to the "post comment" button, you have been neither respectful nor considerate.
hello, filled out the survey, but there was no way on the survey to buy blankets if not previously selected, please clarify how backers can order blankets at a discounted price, thanks.
what's going on here? someone by the name of jason doctor heckling one of the good people, who dedicated much of their time to help out fellow backers that have no idea how kickstarter works and were asking same questions over and over again, even if the answer was just in the comment below. not cool. don't let such comments discourage you as the people who followed the comment section regularly know that jason comments are totally out of line. go "help crew" and keep up the good work. :-). how anyone can come to the idea you are working for baubax is beyond me.
agree that the comment of @jason doctor was uncalled for. anybody who has been here long enough can see they are not employed by the company... there are some people who are just trying to help out. things would have been a lot more messy if they were not here to answer questions that are already easily answered had people just tried to stop, and read the fine print.
@melissa someone trying to do another ek but a ep!!!! owen scolded them. lol
would be nice to see a picture of each jacket style in each of it's colors.
@jason doctor u have joined kickstarter in 2010, much earlier than melissa or me and u have backed 109 projects, u didn't know that backer's comments and creator's comments are in different colour??
@sharon, that was totally unclear as she's presenting herself as connected to the company by stating that she's here to answer people's questions. other backers are also answering questions without that framing device. "u" need to learn to type like an adult if you want to be treated as one, and also comprehend that people may have asked those questions of the company privately and not received a response. she presented her 'go look at fb photos or video' as the definitive answer, and it was incredibly unhelpful to presume that the people asking for good photos hadn't done that already. i haven't started "screaming" yet; pointed questions might come off as aggressive (that was the intent) but aren't yelling at someone.
during the survey there was nowhere to enter phone number, which, in my experience has been needed for all overseas deliveries, so i added it to my address line 2.
@jason doctor melissa "taser creeper" nicole is just a backer like u and me!!! she was just trying to help u when u needed help. please do not scream at her for being helpful. if u find that she is not helpful please go and email baubax urself to find whatever answer or help u need. all melissa was trying to do was help u instead of u waiting for baubax to answer ur question. u don't have to be so rude to be telling her off!! she is also a backer, she does not in anyway work for baubax or get paid for helping out here. u wanna scream at someone for ur u happiness then go to baubax facebook page or email or website to do it!!! thank you!!!
wish there was an option to update/ edit the survey once submitted. ive already pm'ed the creator, but i doubt they check here regularly...
what type of color is the red?
what sizes are the models wearing?
@melissa, sorry but your answers below are unacceptable. you're now in business as a retail company selling clothing - offering full-size front & back photos in the various final colors is the *least* you can do. pointing us to angled, badly-lit (for cut and style) modeling photos on fb doesn't cut it. if you're asking for us to pay for two-way shipping if we need to make an exchange, then provide us with all the necessary information. i can only find one pic of the men's bomber (the video is not well-shot for seeing overall appearance), and what i do see of the piping on the women's version looks horrifically unstylish and ugly; personal opinion and all that but it's the only one of the three that *appears* to have received extra design "flourishes". i may end up settling for the windbreaker, and it's my fault for overpaying for a windbreaker, but that'll be better than an unused bomber hanging in my closet. we should be able to see all three options in all the final colors and i really don't understand why the team wasn't prepared for that question.
hello, i would like to know what's the deadline of reward survey ? thanks!
what size is the female model wearing for the bomber?? seeing the fit on another body type will help me compare and assist me in making my decision on what size to get. thanks!
i'm still not clear on whether the sizing chart is for body measurements or for jacket measurements. melissa- would appreciate your comments
how many buttons will the women's blazer have?  i thought i read 2 somewhere.  are there any pictures???
the s covers a range- sizes 4 and 6.  as you said - these are outerwear, and they do not have a cut for every number size. as far as the men's bomber size in regards to your measurements - i think you should take both factors into consideration and go with what you normally choose when buying clothing.  do you buy a lot of tall sizes?  if not, i would just go with small.  are sleeves usually long on you or short?
i'm trying to fill in the survey. but it is slightly confusing. for the women's bomber i'd like a 4s, but the survey only talks about an s size. would i get a 4 or a 6? for the men's bomber my chest is 36.5cm , my sleeve length is 33cm and my neck is 14.5cm. that tallies well with an st size but i don't want a tall size. what differentiates this with the s size is the sleeve length which is at 32.5 cm. a question that i have - are the requested measurements designed around body measurements or is buffer built into the sizing chart as these jackets are outerwear? to be specific, should i be measuring for body measurement or similar jacket measurements?
whoops, never mind, found the google sheet. thanks!
hey, i backed for three jackets and noticed an issue in my survey: jackets 1 and 2 i was asked for style, pattern, color, and size, but the jacket 3 questions did not include the 'color' option.
and the link to the size chart is working fine now. so maybe open it, screen shot it, take ur time to measure before u fill in anything on the survey. all u need to do is "x" the survey after reading instead of "submit" if u not sure how to fill it up.
ok i just receive my survey a min ago, went in to take a look and there is a link where u can place order at special price is u wanna add addition jackets or blanket but do not that there are shipping charges to that. i tried checking out a blanket and the shipping charge is $10. so if anyone wanna add anything can just go to that link, they did say "please note the link will close on 30th sept" so hurry if u wanna add.
@melissa awesome. just received it. thank you loads! :)
actually-my apologies, i think it's the blue one.  i had the light turned down low on my screen.
veronica - the man is wearing the black bomber jacket in the video.  i know it's not as good as photographs, but it does allow you to see it.  the bomber jackets are unisex.
i dont see any pictures of the black female bomber jackets
kristina -  though you may not be able to change your survey, please send them a direct message with your information and request.  i know in the update they mentioned being able to add a blanket to your order.  however, if not, it was mentioned numerous times throughout the campaign and on the page that the blanket is not included with the jacket.
@jared- i know it's not the best reference- but the video has the guy wearing the black bomber jacket on the plane as they go through features.  the bombers are unisex, as well- in case you wanted to look for a female reference.
i need to change my survey and it won't let me!?!?!?! i thought the blanket came with the jackets! what i wanted a blanket!!! what now please help
can you take a few more pictures? even if they are not perfect. at least show front and back of all of the available styles and colors. for instance, i can't find any images of the black bomber, and since you removed the military color, it would be nice to see what's available. thank you for considering. difficult to make a decision without all the info.
this has the largest amount of photos-https://www.facebook.com/baubax
is there any photos we can refer to? to help decide which color to pick? especially the 3rd color option. thanks
teo- i don't believe everyone has been sent the survey.  but fear not.  since it is through kickstarter- you can log on and find it here even if you miss the email!
i would also like to know what the new blazer for women looks like....any pics available?
has anyone yet to receive the survey? my email is correct and i can't find it in my junk mail either.
http://www.asknumbers.com/sizeconversion.aspx this might help people not in the usa...its a size chart
hi melissa!!! it's gonna be a crazy week here!!! lol and i still haven't get my survey....... they are starting to sent from the lower pledge up...... mine still a long way to go!!!
the different between the women and men windbreaker is that the women version have that breast line cut so we can look for sexy!!!!
@veronica, check the campaign tab, all the style info is there.
veronica check it out on their facebook https://www.facebook.com/baubax
where do we see all the different styles and colors so that we can respond to the survey?
in your last update, you say that the women's blazer will be switched to a two-button design.  the photos for pre-order still show a one-button blazer.  will it be one button, or will you be posting more up to date photos with the new design soon?
blazer xs is still too big for me :(
however, if you still need customizing, perhaps a tailor in your area could adjust for you?
@tak- there are no customizations available.  do remember, however, that the sleeve length is measured from the middle of your back to wrist- not from the start of your shoulder; which is why sleeve lengths appear to be so long.
i see few questions asked already, but i don't see any answers (sorry if it's been answered), are there any way to customize the sleeve length?
@s. nunn- the sizing chart link should answer most of your sizing questions.   as for the cut, i know they said the bomber is unisex.  i believe the same goes for the windbreaker- but i would have to double check on that.
@kk- you're welcome! i know sizing charts/conversions can be confusing.
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole, thanks for the answer. this is my first time to buy clothes oversea. too many questions about the size selection.
sweat shirt size ?  is a mens medium the same size as womens large? and if so, what is different? also are the mens and womens built different or the same exact sweatshirt just sized different?  same questions for the wind breaker and bomber too.
@s.nunn- exchanges (no returns) will be available, you will have to pay for shipping both ways.   as far as the timeline goes, not sure.  i would imagine with this first shipment, they would allow a fairly decent time to make an exchange.
@kk- i believe the m is for both sizes 8-10.  it usually covers a range.  they won't have cuts for jackets of every number size.
yes. im wondering the same, may we exchange order? also mine are xmas gifts. would after christmas be too late to make an exchange
glad you found it!  happy survey week!
how to select m(10) for women style bomber? there is only an option for "m". how to select 8 or 10? please advise
sorry!  just got to my answer below.  apologies
hi melissa - if the size we order doesn't fit can it be exchanged?
up early in the states.  ready to take on some comments!
sharon and the team - your patience is wonderful! keep up the great work!   you can lead horses to the water, but you can't make them drink!  can't wait to get my jacket!
@dylan for exchange u have to pay the 2 way shipping fee.
@dylan i think i remember it was l
@alex loi u can choose it after u received the survey. the survey is 24 hours a day. if u have not receive the survey like me, then just wait for it.
i hope that the jacket comes with an instruction manual- i think by the time it gets shipped out i'll forget about all the nifty pockets!
@creator please give us the pictures or update  baubax website & kickstarter with the actual upgraded glove and also the location for the upgraded water resistant smartphone pocket thanks
any update for what time can choose the type and size??
additional question: what's the size of the blazer that the male model is wearing? thanks.
for those wondering why the sleeve is so long, pls take a look at how to measure. open the link, scroll to the bottom they will teach u where to start to measure. andré corbeil about 5 hours ago for those still unable to access the sizing web page - i managed to get in and took a few screen captures and uploaded to imgur: http://imgur.com/a/ny0mm
just got my survey. i'm wondering though why the arm lengths are too long for the corresponding shoulder and chest sizes. is there a way to get the right length? alternatively, what is the return process for change of size if the jackets ship overseas (philippines)? are there return costs?
can you guys let us see how the different colors look like on each of the jackets? currently it allows you to select the colors, but we don't know how each one looks like. and also, the sizes on the blazer are bigger than the rest of your products. for example an xs in the bomber jacket would fit me, but the blazer's xs size is bigger than the s size for the bomber jacket. i would not be able to fit the blazer.
hi, i have seen from the emails that the orders will be shipping as of end of november.  is there any way to have it shipped in the beginning of the month instead?  i'll be travelling overseas for a month starting the second week of november, and was really hoping to have my jacket by then so i could show it off!
still haven't gotten my survey. d:
hi, while placing order i did not have an option to choose the color for my 3rd jacket. also the arm lengths are longer (as mentioned by others here)., how do i customize it?
hey guys ! i ordered the xlt sized bomber jacket. but the issue is that my arm is long i.e 38 inches. can baubax customize it ? knowing that my chest is 44 inches so i cannot opt for a size bigger than xlt
chiming in to ask for better pictures of colors, specifically for the sweatshirt.  in the promo movie on kickstarter, the woman is wearing a marbled grey sweatshirt--but this grey is different? is it the same as the mens' grey (seen in the picture of the mens' sweatshirt)?  and what color is the blue?  choosing would be much easier if there were pictures of the models in each of the options actually available to us.  thanks for posting asap!
no color selection for 3rd jacket. please fix.
@morgan. update #7 included a poll on backers preference for a third colour for the bomber jacket (after black and blue). the results were posted in update #8, and red just beat military by a few hundred votes.
it's great to finally be able to pick our colours and sizes. unfortunately, there was no colour option available for the third jacket in the survey for the packs of three.
echoing many of the other comments, could you provide well-lit photos of the front shot, side shot and back shot for each colour and style combination? it is very difficult to pick a colour or style based on the current photos on the page; i cannot tell how the jackets would look like. this will be very helpful in filling up the survey. thanks!
i am unable to find the fabric used in each style. the sweatshirt is 100% cotton, but how about the bomber? and others? so, the windbreaker is water repellant, great, but what is it made of and how about the inside fabric? i need to know these before filling the survey. thanks!
i would like to echo other commenters in asking for further photos of the styles in each of the colours.  especially when you look at some and it isn't clear what colour it is (looking at you blazer style in undetermined black/navy). a well-lit (doesn't need to be outside) front shot, side shot and back shot would be great.  a manequin would do fine! it's a fair bit of money to drop on stuff esp when you can't try it on.  going by the measurements provided i am not going to be able to fit into my blazer as my chest size exceeds it.  pretty sure i checked before backing and i was ok.
how to select m(10) for women style bomber? there is only an option for "m". how to select 8 or 10? please advise
does it make a difference if we click if it's a 'gift' or not? dunno why they're asking that? is it cuz of customs?
can't decide between the men's style vs the ladies style. can the length of the jackets be provided as well?
i knew i would be around a small, but not an extra small. the jacket might run a little big cause i'm like an inch below the measurements
just filled out my survey. super excited about the jackets! can't wait till i receive mine! btw the sizing chart doesn't come up on mobile devices. you have to use a desktop
@baubax!!! it looks like you cut back on the women's sizing. my wife is fairly tall and has long arms and she maxes out at the xxlt size and most likely will be too short. comparing the sizing chart in the beginning to now, you guys went from a max sleeve length of 37 down to 34.5...that's a huge difference.
hi baubax, for woman sizing on sweatshirt, i selected xs (i saw that under xs, there are size 0 and size 2) but on the survey, there is no selection button for size 0. please assist.
olga kogan about 3 hours ago here you all go - inches size chart on imgur. http://imgur.com/0p38ifs andré corbeil about 1 hour ago for those still unable to access the sizing web page - i managed to get in and took a few screen captures and uploaded to imgur: http://imgur.com/a/ny0mm in case anyone missed that out
survey....women's colors: where are the photos they promised? i looked here and fb for the new grey sweatshirt and the black bomber and can't find them. even a swatch of the grey would be great before i turn in my survey for my jackets. am i missing a post of the colors somewhere? they told me in a message they would post them i just don't know where to look besides here and fb.
the sizingchart link also works via kickstarter app on the iphone
may i know why i still haven't got the email regarding the size chart? if i still haven't got it. does anybody knew where should i send e mail to regarding this?
hi all, those who are having problem with the sizing chart link, try opening the link on a desktop browser. it doesn't work on the mobile (iphone safari) for me, but it does on my desktop (mac firefox).
what's the difference between the design of bomber jacket for men and for women?
the sizing chart link is not working in your survey. please fix and inform to complete the survey.
bomber for men was supposed to have a "military" color option. any idea why that isn't showing up on the survey?
@anthony. you were supposed to add $25 per blanket to your pledge. the survey asks how many blankets you paid for in your pledge. if you didn't already pay for a blanket in the kickstarter campaign you will need to go to the pre-order page on indiegigo to order it.
for those asking: exchange policy says at the bottom of the "read more" page, you can exchange but you'll need to pay for two way shipping.
for those still unable to access the sizing web page - i managed to get in and took a few screen captures and uploaded to imgur: http://imgur.com/a/ny0mm
good gracious! i go away for a few hours and the place goes crazy.
@stephanie wilson, it costs about $10 to have sleeves shortened. no reason to ask for a refund, which are hard to get on kickstarter, anyway
@anthony baxter it's there in the survey update. read thoroughly through and follow the link to the extra jackets. scroll all the way down to find the blanket at the bottom.
how can i edit my survey?
can someone help? i purchased the blazer for my boyfriend. the survey asks for male/female and which color i would like, but then asks me what size sweatshirt. the thing is, the sizing for the blazer and sweatshirt are so different, they would be different sizes. why is it asking me about a sweatshirt, anyway?
i just realised they actually remove parts of the campaign, was wondering why did they have to do that
i filled out my survey today. i was told that we would be able to order the blanket when we filled out the survey but i did not see an option to buy one. i would really love to add one to my order. thanks
this sizing chart isn't working. can i get the sizes for the windbreaker? thanks
here's a bitly of the cached version: http://bit.ly/1vnj1gl
i'd go with the cached version (as i posted on imgur the only version i could find, off indiegogo). thanks, @sam fang! good thinking.
sizing charts being posted here on the comments section seem to be different. for blazer men, some medium size are either 40, or 41-42.
sorry for a mistake: http://imgur.com/0p38ifs
please pass it. "here you all go - inches size chart on imgur. http://imgur.com/0p38ifs"
here is the sizing chart from their website before it was down. http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search…
is there any information about waist sizing for the female charts?
here is a sizing chart... but it looks like their site is down. http://www.baubax.com/sizing-chart/
i asked twice for a sizing chart for funding this project and i haven't received anything yet via email..
there is the sizing chart un mm? thanks!
@olga thank you!
can you post pictures of the final products in all colors? or at least (and this is my 3rd time asking) post pictures of the women's windbreaker in black since there are none on here or facebook?
sizing chart is not working - do the jackets run large or small?  xxl or xxxl?
here you all go - inches size chart on imgur. http://imgur.com/0p38ifs
if you go to the preorder and go to the page, the sizing chart is on the bottom.
@ ayesha - the model is wearing a medium.
i refreshed my browser and still nothing
size chart not working warning: cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /home/content/p3pnexwpnas10_data01/75/2855875/html/wp-content/themes/brooklyn/widgets/ut_flickr_widget.php:249) in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas10_data01/75/2855875/html/wp-includes/pluggable.php on line 1207
the size chart does not load; error message: warning: cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /home/content/p3pnexwpnas10_data01/75/2855875/html/wp-content/themes/brooklyn/widgets/ut_flickr_widget.php:249) in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas10_data01/75/2855875/html/wp-includes/pluggable.php on line 1207 also, could we please see the colors? thank you.
the sizing chart will not load. can we get an update with just the sizing chart information. thanks so much.
size chart is still down.
how about you post the sizing chart as an image on imgur if your website can't handle the attention?
shipping should have automatically been included in your pledge. as an example: if your reward was $129 then your pledge that would have come up in the process was $139.
im a little bit worried if i get the xs that it won't fit or vice versa buying a small and it being big. is it possible if i get an extra small that if it doesn't fit i can ship it back and exchange it for the small?
where can i see good pictures of all jackets in all colors?
i'm curious about the shipping. says it's 10, but i thought shipping was included with pledge. i was never made aware of extra charges prior to this survey.
keep trying to get the sizing chart. it took me more than once to get it to load. may have something to do with the nearly 45,000 people who are trying to access it. @dante binuya you should send a direct messege to baubax @krystine hiew be patient. there are nearly 45,000 surveys to be sent.
for those who think that baubax was too silent, there are 223 jacket combinations (style; color; size). start working on a survey to ask 45,000 people what they want and don't forget that some may want more than one. then add in the optional blanket. you can only send it out once & the responses (other than address) cannot be changed.  if they send too many updates backers complain of spam, too few and they complain that they have run off. it is hard to find the middle ground.
when i clicked on the sizing chart link this came up: warning: cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /home/content/p3pnexwpnas10_data01/75/2855875/html/wp-content/themes/brooklyn/widgets/ut_flickr_widget.php:249) in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas10_data01/75/2855875/html/wp-includes/pluggable.php on line 1207 help?
what size is the model wearing for the women's styles?  i think that would help a lot of us....
i emailed the support@ but posting it here, too, in case anybody else had the same questions - 1) do you have well-lit pictures of each style in the color they're going to be manufactured? it's incredibly difficult to see what the men's bomber jackets will look like with the one guy outside in bright sunlight. 2) the other three styles are distinct but clean, while the bomber appears to have piping down the sleeves, very ugly distracting piping. was this only for the prototypes or can we expect it on the final product? i'm not planning to fill out my survey until i have more information. i'm just asking these questions now because i figured detailed design pics were going to be made available before the surveys went out.
for the tall version, is the length of the body also longer, or just the sleeves? thanks!
i'm sorry but i noticed after the fact that the ship to address i have on my survey is incorrect. how can i fix it? bvidetich@hotmail.com thank you : )
@stephaniewilson did you follow the measuring instructions? it's from the nape of the neck and with the arm bent. i am xs with short arms and mine are 4.5 inches longer than yours
be sure to check your junk mail, that's where mine went
@creator - ok i am still confused.  are we having to pay $10 more for us shipping or not??? if so then i didn't pledge enough.  it's very unclear in the pledge amounts whether that amount included the shipping or not.
the size chart says that a woman's blazer size m fits an 8/10, but i'm a 6/8 and my measurements are putting me in the l. this makes no sense. what happens if we receive our order and need to change it? will you exchange?
to those concerned re: sleeve lengths: sleeve lengths are measured from the nape of the neck.
hello everyone, we are gradually sending out the surveys today. the surveys are prepared on basis of your reward selection. if you had selected a multiple jacket reward, then your survey will be sent out later in the day. we will ensure that all our backers have received their surveys today. we see that many of you are having difficulties in uploading the sizing chart link. it is probably because so many of us are trying to access the link at the same time. the link is working fine at our end. incase you have any issues, please refresh your browser to reload the page. thank team baubax
i am very concerned that the female sleeve length will be 6" too long for me.  can i please have a refund? i have never seen sleeves so long.  (i am 22-23" and ordered a medium)
the system said it didn't recognize the canadian address but it is a correct address and has been for 15 years here in toronto.
just in case someone is searching for men's chart: http://i.imgur.com/6dxdohu.png !!! it's in centimetres, not inches. !!!
1) keep refreshing; the size chart will come up. 2) is anyone else getting a size larger than their measurements so that everything can fit into the jackets (blanket, ipad, etc.)? or just going with measure size? thanks!
you can still see the sizing chart on the campaign page near the bottom.
after filling out the survey i realized i wanted a large instead. please change my size to a large. thank you.
i didn't receive the survey...what is the email of the sender?
sizing chart is not working - do the jackets run large or small?  xxl or xxxl?
i have the same issue with the sizing chart
to fill in the survey i need to access the sizing chart. i get "503 service unavailable" when i try to access it!
do you guys know what color of sweatshirt of the guy in the library wearing?
anyone know where to find a picture of the red bomber jacket for guys?
the link on the survey go to baubax website where it said it is und r maintenance..
is there a overview of all designs in all color variations?
were there ever any more pictures on the 'bomber' design? @ jona: go to the index page and scroll down for sizing charts (need long loading though, high server load it seems)
luke, it's measured from the back of your neck for arm length.
there's no way a medium jacket has 33" arms
survey is out but i can't click on the size chart
@joshua really?? i didn't receive any.....
for the size m bomber the sleeves are 33 inch that's way to long goes past my fingers
it'll take a good while for any computer to send almost 45,000 surveys out to individual emails.
well, not everywhere. i will check my e-mail again later. (it's not in spam - as yet.)
and the surveys are here!
everybody.. take a breath, and just chill... the surveys (and jackets) will arrive when its ready...
@baubax you indicated that you had placed orders for the fabrics, etc. awhile ago, which is hard to do without knowing the size and color breakdown, and now i see that already you are likely to deliver over a month late.  this is very disappointing.
24 hours ago, baubax posted on their indiegogo campaign that they were going to send out surveys to those backers soon...they are projecting a december 2015 delivery date for those backers.  people have been asking for surveys over there as well. gets me thinking that these guys are really bad at communication or just got away from over $20million dollars.
it's almost october and they haven't sent out any survey form? can they really deliver 44949++ jackets by the end of november? i hope they can deliver the jackets by november 2015 and not november 2016. sorry for being impatient.
@henry won't wireless earbuds be totally hidden into the jacket?? lol.... i also wish to scream at baubax to speed things up..... but will screaming at them helps?? will rushing them to give me a lousy survey ends up giving me a wrong jacket? wrong colour?? wrong style??? with all these in my mind i rather they do a good survey and make sure no mistake can be made and no wrong orders ship...... i pledge for 6 jackets, i can't afford any of them to be wrong. i need the survey to make sure i can fill in for all 6 jackets, colour, style, size etc. if any question is mix up then they will end up sending me the wrong colour in wrong style...... and think of those who pledge for pack of 10....... baubax will have a bigger headache..... baubax gave us a lot of choices when choosing a pledge so we should all be happy. some campaign they make it so simple that there is nothing to choose so when campaign ends all they need is ur shipping address. and of coz those campaign are fast in every next step. to some backers u might think "i'm only getting 1 jacket, how hard can the survey be?" but if all of u scroll down the campaign page, u will see there are lots more to choose from which means the survey must be done very super nicely to not have any mistakes. if were to ask any of u to come out with such a survey, how long do u think u will need to do it?? maybe some of u can go try out in those free survey site and try to create a survey for all levels of rewards of baubax to see how many questions u end up creating??? i won't mind answering the survey for u to let u know how many mistakes u have made.
i am getting a bit anxious, bacuse there's a total lack of commmunication and also, this proyect had anough time before the campaign ended to get the survey ready. i understand a week or two of delay but it's almost october and there's no news at all. i feel like we all knew there was a survey comming, they knew it would have many different options and would be hard to track, so they should've been prepared for it. i'm waiting only this week, and of there's no news i'll cancel my order next monday, no matter how sad i feel for it.
@kevin, i think it's a bit too soon for you to start posting that. we all still have hope this project will still have a positive end result. just because you don't mind giving away free money doesn't mean the rest of us need to think the same way.
you guys who are attempting to calm the nerves of others are doing a commendable job. for those who say this company is acting perfectly professionally by not communication appropriately with its consumers needs to realize that the people speaking out and asking questions knows how kick starter works. yes this is not a direct purchase and receive website, with that being said this is perhaps my 8 funded project i've funded and this is by far the least productive and communicated project. we should have received some sort of survey by now, it's not that difficult to generate a system for responses. hopefully they send one soon, the last update was a few days into september. the sooner the surveys are sent out the more positive everyone who's contributed will feel about this project.
people here should realize that backing a project here on ks is just like investing on a product or a company (not buying on a freaking retail store) and that investing always accompanies a risk. should a project that i backed turns out to be a scam, i would just treat that as a bad investment, take notes and move on. never invest or "pledge" money that you can't afford to lose! this mindset might give you patience and peace of mind. just try it!
@sharon @rolts, you guys seem to be on here all the time answering the same repeated questions, there's no need for baubax to be commenting, so thank you. as you've said, there are 45k backers and multiple pledges which all need to be put together into a single survey, and it takes time. this is the first project i've backed on ks and even i understand how this system works. you choose a pledge, give the money to the creator, and in return, you get a reward depending on the amount pledged, whether it's a thank you card, or lots of different products. this isn't a shop which has thousands of products in stock which you can select and buy, then moan about how long the delivery is. this is a campaign to get a product from the drawing board, to reality. it's a long, painstaking process that we are helping to push across the finish line. @baubax, take as long as you need to get this survey out. i'd rather have a good survey that meets all the criteria, than a rushed, half finished survey.
well, i´m a kickstarter user for quite a long time now and i´m thrilled about this project. without indicating anything i must say that the lack and quality of communication is terrible here. many other projects are staying more in touch with the backers by providing pictures, comments, instagram or something like this.  given the quite short time until delivery without having any surveys sent out i set myself a deadline until i´m going to inform my cc company and ask for my money back.
but @sharon, wireless earbuds just defeat the purpose to buy the jacket!!! ><
@junze let's all stare at melissa to see how's her toast bread in hand warmer pocket when she gets her jacket!!! and to those backers that are free, to take ur mind off baubax maybe u could back some other campaign? there are lots of interesting campaign on ks that u should all check out. for me i'm getting a cool wireless earbuds to install into my jacket!!!
@ sharon, they ought to reward us instead of taking our jobs (if we had a job to begin with). cats are love. the internet adores cats. and yes, jackets which can safely transport toast should deserve a hell lot of wins. :p @ rolts. no prob man
@junze u're making me laugh!!!! if we/i am working for baubax we/i sure to lose our job taking abt putting kittens in which pocket, abt butter and butterup and bread in which pocket!!! lol..... i agree that baubax have not been here for some time and many will think they ran off with our money. but now we are at the "next step" which is they trying to settle their 4 factories for production and for all u know, without the survey being out they can still start work as there are many common size around with almost 45k backers. so to be fair to baubax, they have only so many of them working, they have to be at 4 factories, and i don't think those 4 factories are just next door of each other. and someone have to come out with a survey for backers of 1 jacket to backers of 10 jackets, do u think that's easy??? if any of u think it's a easy job coming out with this survey,why don't u help baubax? then we still have the option of with blanket and without blanket and so many of u after the campaign closed were asking can we add blanket or not so baubax have to come out with some super good survey for u. i believe if baubax survey is not good enough, many will start making noise here again...... so if i'm really working for baubax, i'm sure to be having sleepless nights thinking of a super good survey for all of u. i too like u have been checking on ks daily for the survey. but i understands it's such a difficult survey to create and it needs more time. to be honest, some of my back project which ended later than baubax have already arrived in my house. but how many backers were in that campaign? about 1k of us, so with baubax having 45k backers? it will take a much longer time. to those who were screaming when ur credit card got charged shouting for next step, have u ever think that it's not ks or baubax that is slow, it's those people with credit card issue that make things slow. i have campaign that gave me my survey in less than 24 hours coz non of us have credit card issue. after the survey is out we will be having another issue, backers that haven't answered the survey will slow us down....... so if all of u want fast then make sure u check daily and once survey is out be fast to answer every questions and if ur frens are in the campaign as well, make sure they don't slow us down by not answering the survey. @rolts have a safe trip and enjoy urself!!! to everyone who is still thinking we work for baubax, we are actually all from different countries all over the world. and btw, we don't know each other in person. we gotta know each other in ks. i wish one day if we fly to each other's country we can meet up for coffee!!!
@ junze ginger zhang, thanks for that. we are going to need reinforcements for delivery time.
@ rolts, i'm sure that few regular us busily answering away will handle this quite well :p have a safe flight yeah. chances are, they prefer a more interactive one, but honestly, imo, baubax simply gave up doing that months ago when they see the shittonnes of repeated questions coming in every other min. to the rest who think rolts/david/melissa/sharon are working for baubax, im pretty damn sure they/we dont. we just happen to have the time/effort/mood to dedicate ourselves to people who demand to be spoonfed answers. besides, they joke and chit-chat too much here to be baubax staff tbh. yes, i do agree that baubax is lacking in term of communication, but i guess that's partly cuz theres only so much of them, and that themselves could very well be not too capable of multitasking between platforms.  so, if i may beseech to you guys, do you guys mind being slightly more tolerant? at most, if you really want them creators to talk to you, bug them on facebook. they are fairly active there too.
@ melissa and david; i'm going to be traveling for the next 11 days or so, so will only be able to be online occasionally. hope it doesn't get too negative on here. because we have been handling so many backer queries, it's becoming evident that some backers believe we are part of the creator group. smh, especially when the creators have been clearly identified in the update about the team. why do so few read? rhetorical question. :-/
hello-  sorry i've been absent as of late.  and sorry for the recent backlash you've been experiencing!
leigh we are all waiting for our survey.  complining about it or screaming "scam!!"  will not bring it any faster. why some of you think baubax would be using me as a plant instead of a proper csr is beyond me, but i did get a good laugh out of it.
@ leigh, that seemed unnecessarily harsh comment to david. trolling? a number of backers have weighed in to try and answer questions that many new to ks have asked. often it is due to not having read available information. if this means we are "pro -baubax" you are probably correct as we thought enough of the creators to put up our own money and are keen to see it succeed. we don't want to tear it down because we are not getting updates as frequently as each individual deems appropriate.
david- if you don't work for baubax, why are you posting all these (not helpful) responses to peoples questions?  i too am waiting for the email to choose my color and size,  its been a week and a half since the last email so i' assuming soon, but more updates would be nice.  i have backed other projects and they constantly send out updates and respond to my questions.  i haven't been able to get a response from baubax at all.  if i could report you david for trolling i would.
all i see when i scroll through the comments are people asking when the survey is coming.  a question that has been answered repeatedly.  two weeks ago people were freaking out in the same manner, despite being told that it takes time for kickstarter to process the pledges.  and what happened?  we got an update when the funds were transferred to kickstarter. i am not so much pro baubax as pro common sense and against the concept of instant gratification.  again, i must ask what needs to be communicated?  what good is an update if there is no substance to it?  if there is nothing to say i would rather efforts be focused on laying the groundwork for on time delivery. truthfully i do hope the surveys come out soon, if only so people will stop asking about them.  i am hoping that once that happens people will have the decency to wait until november to start asking why their jackets haven't shipped yet.
@joshua chong, well said sir. while i am not stressed about the lack of communication and have seen projects with worse(especially on igg), more communication is always better.
david, i see that this is the only project you have backed. perhaps you are new to kickstarter and maybe you should back some others and see how other creators respond and handle backer communication. i am personally backing a few projects where there is excellent creator-backer communication, and it really is a very pleasant experience for everyone. i think baubax has something to learn about backer communication. i also see you are extremely pro baubax, all your 38 comments suggest so. you almost act like a spokesperson for them. there is obviously a severe lack of communication here. just take a scroll though the comments, it just screams lack of communication. don't get me wrong, i am for baubax too, and i really wish them success in every way. but there are some things you just cannot defend them till the ends of the earth, and this is one of them. honestly, all it takes is just the slightest word of assurance from the creator to calm the many anxious backers here. i'm not trying to start a war. just stating my 2 cents worth, and probably speaking the minds of many of the seemingly "relaxing" 44000 backers.
@ brian plummer; i can see you are frustrated, but i also see you are new to kickstarter. what may be difficult to grasp is that this is not a retail experience.  you are donating funds to a creator/s who are novices in their field trying to bring an idea through to production. you are not ordering a product from an established manufacturer, with production plants, warehousing and delivery infrastructure.  the creators of this product have raised an impressive amount of funds. they now have to work out how to organise their reward ordering, to ensure their 45 000 supporters from around the globe can have their rewards in the sizes, colour and style delivered to their correct address. kickstarter has a series of parameters that are required in surveys and the requirements for responses. you can read about this on the ks faqs on the home page. this is not a simple process as backers cannot leave choices/selections blank, so this becomes increasingly complicated when there are 4 styles, three colours/style and a large number of sizes in each. on top of this is the need to update the measurement charts being demanded by backers in both metric and imperial sizing as well as directions to assist in measuring for sizes.  i am sorry if this is a long post, but hopefully it will assist in understanding what a kickstarter project is about and what it entails. tldr - patience the situation is fairly normal for what it is.
you didn't order a product brian.  kickstarter is not a store. joshua, what exactly do you want communicated to you?  what information do you not have that you need?  they have told you they surveys are being worked on, what good is it to continue to badger them about it?  some of you should take a cue from the other 44000 backers and just relax.
very disappointed on the lack of communication.  took my money then silence!!  yet to obtain a true order form to fill out where my products should be delivered to. very suspicious given the amount of money they have raised.  i would recommend anyone else interested in this product wait until they un-"eff" themselves. or see if they can even take care of those who have already paid!!
@yusheng jia; leave a forwarding address, that way your reward can follow you.
@olga kogan; thanks for the clarification, i see what you mean.
@david well i guess that just boils down to where backer communication stands on baubax's priority list. and how much time and effort they want to invest in it. @junze exactly man. all the other projects that i have backed, the creators have been really active in communicating with backers and updating them. especially after the campaign. i'm not scared that they will run away. where will they hide? i just don't understand the double standards for kickstarter and indiegogo.
i feel disappointed. i'll leave us in dec, what if  baubax failed to make it on time?
joshua, you need to calm down man. yourself have been backing that much projects should be more experiecned than i am regarding this. if they have indeed tried to scam any of us (i hope not) they wont be so free to reveal their team and all that and risk people "csi-ing" their info out and put a bounty on them man. just give them a little longer. myself, my limit would be early oct.
@ rolts - sorry, i wasn't clear. our (i'm perhaps unfairly including myself in the list of backers that occasionally answer questions, i know you've been much more active) copy pastes are useful because the same questions are asked all the time. i was referring to some questions that seemed to have been copy pasted from previous questions - like down to the punctuation and all.
many of the questions were related to features, fabrication, and general ordering issues.  with the campaign over the design and orders are locked - how many times can you answer the same question about surveys?
hi david. yes i got that email. it's just the new faq which is in update 10. it's been a week since then, hopefully there will be another update soon. i don't mean to be difficult but perhaps i sounded a tad harsh. maybe i'm just a little disappointed on how their communication with backers has changed quite significantly since before the campaign ended. nonetheless i'm still looking forward to us getting our jacket.
joshua, we got an e-mail a week ago that said they were working on it.  surley you can go more than 7 days without the need for more reassurance?  no new or interesting questions have been asked in weeks, and you can follow baubax on facebook and indiegogo to see that they have not vanished.
@olga kogan, the copy/paste comments are a quick response to repeatedly asked questions when some backers post questions without reading previous postings to see if the information has already been provided.
okay i take back what i said about the faq not addressing backers' concerns. it does, to a certain extent. but what a lot of us here need is just some assurance. how hard is it to post a comment that says: "hey guys we're working on it."?
i don't understand how baubax is actively answering questions on indiegogo (their last comment was 4 hours ago), but is totally radio silent here for more than 3 weeks. and posting an faq as an update is hardly called addressing backers' concerns. please treat your backers with a little more respect.
why is there is still no email :|
i'm suspecting a scam here.
@rolts + sharon. ohhh . that lazy...
what's with the copy/paste comments?
i have not received any email! anxious about it
i have a personal request who can i talk to about the jacket ? which email can i send to ?
@ alex, sorry auto correct on name.
@ alex lois, if you are receiving emails with news and updates, you are all good. if you are asking about an email for the survey to request colour, size, style and delivery address, that has not been sent yet. it should be out soon.
i can get your news and update information .and i check the account email is right  can you tell me what is the email subject?
@ alex loi; if you are not getting any emails from kickstarter / baubax, you need to check you have provided the correct email address. to do this, go to the top right hand corner of the page to you icon, click to get the drop down menu, go to settings, select account. this will allow you to check your email address. if you need to change it, don't forget to select save settings when you have finished. this should resolve the issue. you also need to check your email settings to make sure that kickstarter emails are not being blocked or sent to junk/spam folder.
last time ask me next few day have update .but i can't receive baubax email,can you update what is the status now?
awaiting the email too as well!
i have not received any email! anxious about it
@david; it's quiet, almost too quiet..............
@junze check my backed projects to find it!!! lol
@ junze; a project that was posted was just reselling a readily available product, as i mentioned it has been in retail outlets in australia for a number of years. the term "lazy" was part of the project title. we didn't want to go on a shaming mission, but it meant sharon knew which project i was talking about.
wait wha, im lost. what "lazy" ? o.o
@rolts ya someone post ebay.au selling at aud1.39 only!!!!!
@ sharon, i see that "lazy" creator's project has been suspended. when i saw it, i reported it to ks admin as the rewards have been in retail outlets for at least 4 or 5 years locally. good to see dodgy projects get taken down.
@melissa; thanks for replying to mark mans, i was just about to post when your comment appeared. you're doing the late shift in these comments?
mark- check your spam to make sure you don't miss future updates.  also just read the most recent update- it is word for work what the email said.   but don't worry.  the survey has not yet been sent out!
i didn't receive email :(
oh i did get the update email, for a sec there i thought the survey email was sent out lol.
yikes!  and we did so well yesterday!
not yet, audrey.
has the survey been emailed yet?
@melissa i think u can have up to 5 kittens in baubax?? lol
andy- the survey is sent via email.  will you have access to email at some point then? jitender - the project is not delayed.  their recent update said they just received the finances and backer information a few days ago.  they are still compiling all the information and creating a user-friendly survey.
when we can expect survey for size? this project is getting delayed too much.
andy, i would not worry about it.  it is going to take them time to go through 45000 surveys and make sure that everyone has filled them out correctly with regards to their reward level.  would you delivery be delayed a few weeks?  maybe.  is that a big deal?  not really.
what if the survey form are out, but due to travelling oversea and will only be back in mid october, will it still be possible to fill up the survey form then?
@ melissa - i would suggest the sweatshirt for that use. the kittens could be additional hand warmers when it's cold.
hello all! re: kitten pocket - just spent all day yesterday caring for two tiny abandoned kittens.  at one point, my roommate said, "i just need to put both of you in a pocket and carry you around.  i giggled and nearly declared out loud - "baubax!!"
@henry johan; no survey yet.
it's starting to get chilly. ahh! hopefully the jackets are still on time to arrive before thanksgiving. i'll surely need it. (:
umm, the survey have not been sent right? have not received any email after the last update
folks, please check your spam or junk mail folders and make sure e-mails from baubax/kickstarter are not being flagged.  any updates are also posted to the "updates" section of the project page.
last time ask me next few day have update .but i can't receive baubax email,can you update what is the status now?
@jonathan chung. sure thing!  in fact, for your convenience, we have even added in the update section for the email that we have sent to you! word-for-word. dont worry, mate. you've not missed much!
@jonathan chung, the email is not the one for size, colour, style and address, it was the update. if you didn't get it check the update link above. the latest update contains all of the information that was in the email.
hm... i didn't get an email last friday, would it be possible to send me another one? sorry for the troubles.
hm... i didn't get an email last friday, would it be possible to send me another one? sorry for the troubles.
@ cammy. no. the pocket is designed for 10" diagonal screens such as the regular ipad. i don't think these jackets were intended to carry around the equivalent of a small laptop (when you add in the keyboard/case). in fact, i'm not sure a regular ipad with a case would fit. but we'll have to wait and see.
sorry not checked other posts. my comment is, for the ipad pouch is it feasible to incorporate a pouch for ipad pro?
check your spam folder bob, there was an update e-mailed out last friday.  you can also read all updates on the updates section of the project page.
@roey oren, i'd assume that you can do that when they send the survey. as for the remaining excess, i doubt you'd gt a refund or something =\ @bob harmsen, they are still preparing the survey, it should be out anytime soon to be honest. this is partly due to them just receiving the monies from ks. be patient. it'd come soon!
dear baubax, great news that your campaign and product is a success?  i have not heard anything since my pledge? and, thought a size order would follow? can you tell me what the status is?  thanks!
i plegde 119 for the blazer, is there a way i can change to a bomber ?
@melissa, i like the way i think too. ;) alright thats it. that blanket pocket and charger pocket can be used for holding kitty needs! mobile kitty needs every comfort it can get.
oh snap! kitten pockets? i would have bought one in all styles all colors. you never know what you're going to need to appropriately accessorize your kitten.
@matt - from their current update:   i am so happy to have bought these jackets at a discounted price. i need to buy a few more jackets and/or add more blankets at kickstarter prices. is it possible? yes, our surveys will allow you to buy our products at discounted prices as compared to our current higher prices on indiegogo’s indemand platform. fyi - we have increased our future retail prices.
if you guys want to sell a lot more you should offer us backers a chance to double our order for double our backing price. i expected you to offer this on the final push for people who already bought one to get another at the same price. coulda made it to number one. you could still offer something like that to blow up your sales
@junze - i like the way you think.
one question, what kind of blue of men's bomber?
@melissa : where our hearts should be. on the mirror right side of the drinks pocket.  and it has to be insulated, le chat bebe needs all the warmth it can get! so what 'd we do with the charger/blanket pockets? :\ surely theres some use for those
hopefully one survey question will be "where would you prefer to have the additional kitten pocket sewn?"
@melissa we have to entertain ourselves these few months while waiting for our lovely jacket!!! rather than jumping up and down asking where is our jackets....... what's the point of posting "when will survey be coming" or "will i get my jacket in nov"....... just entertain ourselves and wait patiently. survey will come when it's ready and jackets will arrive when the factories get them ready. i want a survey that is easy to understand and fill up and i want a well manufactured quality jacket!!!!
the kitten *could* go in the hood, but why have a kitten pocket that isn't easily accessible for petting.  butterup in the glasses pocket, butter in the drink kozie, ...kitty in ipad pocket me thinks? ... so many pockets to tuck a little fuzzy baby.
this is all very entertaining.
butter needs the insulated pocket!!! if not will melt too fast!!! kitten can have the ipad pocket i guess so it can stick the head out while bread is still having the hand warmer pocket to get toasted.
the drink pocket would be purrfect for a kitty! nice and insulated to keep him warm and high enough for nuzzling :p
the kitten can always go into the blanket pocket (i hope no one forgets this pocket!) or the ipad pocket. it is only obvious ;) and butter can always go into the passport pocket, or if you intend to plug it into a tube and squeeze it... the handphone pocket. ps: "why didn't i get the survey?"
@rony; we are going to get those responses from those who don't read the comments anyway, false posting would add to that those who bother to read.
rony.... i'm glaring at you and giving you that "don't you dare" look.
@rolts, ��� but that would just prove people do read the comments. but still ask the same questions everyday...
@ rony; for the sake of our sanity, nooooooooooo! :-) can you imagine the barrage of "why didn't i get the survey?" responses.
would be nice to do a joke reply that ive gotten the survey already. if a lot of people reply, then it means they do read the comments section...
@creeper: i never thought of that...this jacket now has a faulty design as there is no kitten pocket.
someone posted something earlier that the surveys have to be designed to be answered by everyone, and that you cannot leave any of the survey questions blank.  so i can imagine trying to design something that accommodates all the different reward types would be a challenging endeavor.
@ sara k - don't think they have sent them out yet. did you read update 10? it said they had finally gotten their money and had been working on the survey form.
i haven't received my email yet. has everyone else gotten there email?
when baubax surpassed exploding kittens as most funded, i tweeted them to congratulate them but said that unless they had a pocket to carry a kitten -  it is not a perfect design.
i think sharon nailed it!  perfect!
we can use our jackets as mobile sandwich making machines! maybe i'm using my butterup wrong...
butter in drink holder pocket and butterup in sunglasses pocket? bread in hand warmer pocket? or maybe ipad pocket if have a few slice? wow melissa u can inflate the neck pillow for support too!!! lol
@ melissa, in what jacket pocket are you going to carry the butterup? we have several months to consider these issues.
@olga - my butterup was pretty delayed.  but i calmly and politely emailed the creators, and i received mine about two months later than most - which is not a big deal in kickstarter terms.  i love it!  it doesnt tear my bread, and i get perfect little curls. :)  the curls make me very happy.
everyone is talking about usage and how this will be helpful in the real world.  for a good case study, look at motorcycle jackets! my textile jacket has something like 30+ pockets in a variety of sizes.  none quite as specific as the drink pocket (love that), but i can carry the world in this thing, and not be restricted or encumbered.  imho, the bomber or blazer will be the best sellers.  windbraker - too thin, sweatshirt - too much risk of stretch or shrinkage, and already a crowded market.  i can see a ny / boston / seattle commuter wearing either of the two remaining, and that's going to be your target audience.  can't wait for this winter, and having  a jacket i can carry the world in, and not look like a cartoon character (3/4" shoulder pads / armor will do that for you) :-)
@ campbell donnie; no survey yet. patience, it is worth the wait as a well sorted survey will result in accurate reward size, colour, style and addresses.
hi i am just hoping that i have nto missed the size survey ???? i have not received any request for my size yet ? can you please advise on this thanks
@melissa at least u're still sitting and not jumping up and down yet!!! lol... anyway before i back any project i'll look at the delivery month and year...... if it's too far then forget it.... i can't wait that long and with delays, it'll be much longer...... but melissa, u'll be having a wonderful christmas this year as all ur items will arrive about that time!!! lol!!!
@ melissa - you backed the butterup too? i got my knife on time, but it still tears my bread unless i leave the butter out for at least 10 minutes. kind of defeats the purpose of the knife.
@sharon - currently waiting for four projects that are delayed.  they're all going to ship in the next month or two.  i'm on the edge of my seat!
@melissa "patience" is what most people don't have..... including me!!! lol... that's why i keep telling myself that the jacket will only arrive in feb so anything sooner i'll feel so happy!!!!!
*whose
hahah-  yes ma'am!  if it helps, i backed a campaign from australia that took super long.  i was of the choice few who's address didn't show.  so everyone was so happy and i just stared at my empty mailbox.  finally received it though.  kickstarter teaches patience!
@melissa u will sure receive urs before rolts, ibrahim and me!!!! u are so much nearer than us!!! please try not to post that u got urs when u do!!! lol.... post a week later so we will feel better abt ours taking so long. lol
i'm more concerned about the onslaught of "people are receiving theirs... where is mine" or 'my jacket doesn't fit"... this is clothing.  very risky with sizing, etc. i live in nyc - it's a commuter city.  i cannot wait for that pillow and eye patch on a bus or subway.  i was nodding off the other day, yearning for my jacket!!
personally have the same opinion - it makes short distances easy to handle. not so much for long trips with everything everywhere without a bag though. personally eyeing the bomber as well, since the sweater doesnt really seem practical if it's full cotton with all that features (and they stretch and become loose over time, from my threadless experiences); dont need a windbreaker cuz i've got a pretty good one already, and blazer is just not too practical for me either, since i dont go formal often enough to warrant one...
lulz. the onslaught will be real. and yay, they've finally bothered updating :d
btw everyone, we should prepare for the onslaught of comments asking where the jackets are on november 1. i'm excited to use my bomber this spring though - i see it as a way to not carry a purse on weekend and evening walks as well as a travel aide.
@ david; agreed, this jacket is going to make boarding and disembarking planes, trains, buses, ferries etc so much easier. i don't see it as a replacement for a back pack or carry bag in which you carry all your gear around. its goal was to assist the traveler/commuter, who has to "park" their gear to enable them to move unencumbered.
@ibrahim i'm sure right!!! it happens to my online shopping yearly..... so used to it by now...... want ur christmas gifts to arrive on time u have to make sure they ship out beginning of nov...... mid of nov onwards u're lucky to get it on 24th dec. btw, i hope baubax's warehouse is not in some places that snow!!! if not we will have more delays when snowstorm comes.......
@sharon  lol i worded that wrong i meant before the end of november. but you're right the shipping companies might take a long time because of people ordering christmas gifts and items from all over the world
den, i never really considered using the jacket for hauling around a tablet all day.  the main benefit i see to it is having a place to quickly stow a tablet when embarking/disembarking a plane to keep my hands free.  basically, it is more for short-term hauling from point a to point b, otherwise i would just carry it around in a knapsack or other bag. as far as shipping goes, if jackets actually make it into people's hands by the end of the year it will be considered a miracle by the standards of kickstarter.
@steve if only baubax started their ks campaign earlier in the yr we could have miss the packed christmas session...... i won't have much chance to enjoy my windbreaker too when it arrive as it will be turning to hot hot weather...... but still i will love it and enjoy it on the next cold weather!!! or maybe just turn on my aircon at home and enjoy wearing it?? lol
yes @sharon, i picked up on that slight change of language too. they did say in the campaign that the jackets would ship in time to be delivered by thanksgiving, which is in late november. update #10 says "we are proud to say that we are on track to ship out the jackets by end of november", which means maybe before christmas. i know we are frequently reminded that this is not a retail experience, but it's still a bit disappointing that the promised shipping date has slipped. i was hoping to receive mine before the end of november as our family is heading to the cooler hemisphere on the 29th, so i won't see mine until we return in mid-january. won't have a need to wear a bomber jacket for at least three months after that. sigh.
@ibrahim we can't get them in nov..... baubax is sending them end of nov!!! which by the time reaches our country will be somewhere christmas!!!!! we are lucky if we can get them as christmas presents!!!! for us backers if baubax send end of nov they shd be getting it early dec. for those like us far far away getting them by christmas is a bonus. backers shd take note that every year near christmas timing, there are a lot of parcel being send all over the world as people start sending their love ones christmas presents. so even baubax send it out end of nov, we might only get them early next yr. i have parcel from us taking up to 1.5mth to arrive during yr end, and every year is the same thing.
@atin i'm not from india but have heard stories. (which are best not told here in public) so the best thing for u to do is send to ur friends or family that are not staying in india.
@atin contact your customs office and ask them.
dear creators, as i am a backer from india i heard that the indian customs charge for the goods imported through any crowdfunding . as a backer , could you please give an idea how much do the custom authorities charge . or any backer fellow have any idea about it.
seems like with how the jackets are even basically constructed, only the bomber would accommodate all those pockets with whatever they're supposed to hold, especially the tablets, without making them look too obvious on the jacket, or making the jacket look too bulky. i seriously doubt the blazers would accommodate all that without looking silly. i still ordered it for the hood/glove/pillow features ;) i wonder how the blazer can be tailored though, especially the sleeves. i'm only 4'9", so while the bodice might fit width wise, but the sleeves and overall length might not.
*phew*
@ bruce gilland: i suspect that you are right. hopefully this new update will help. good to see they posted a substantial update at the 2 week mark from the end of fundraising. helps allay some of the new  backers' fears.
good to know jacket might be on time
woot we might be getting them before november wooooo
yes, it is quite quiet here now.  i agree - i think most have jumped to facebook.
@bruce rolts shd be asleep by now. lol
i think most people have taken to facebook to badger for information since baubax is posting regularly over there.
@ rolts - i may be wrong, but it looks like a lot of the questions are from your side of the world when you are on shift. i posted a response to a question yesterday and nothing else popped for for hours.
good grief evan, there's at least 15 posts below yours of people asking and answering this.
oops, just read down. sorry! i'll be patient.
haven't received any email clarifying size choices or delivery options. time frame?
@ alex loi:kickstarter has just finished the 2 week collection of pledges and only now can let baubax have a complete list of paid up backers. the survey will come very soon to the email address you registered with kickstarter. this is the normal process. have patience, you should receive the survey in the next few days.
what time can i choose the size? i can't receive your email .but already total pay
@kate k; +1 for taking time to read the comments.
just saw the answer from the previous comment. thanks!
hi, when i ordered i didn't have a chance to select the size. when or where can i specify the size? thank you very much.
@nigel lim; 14 days always eems a long time to wait. it only ever goes quickly when it is a holiday. :-)
@ gordius fong, kickstarter has just finished the 2 week collection of pledges and only now can let baubax have a complete list of paid up backers. the survey will come very soon to the email address you registered with kickstarter. this is the normal process. have patience, you should receive the survey in the next few days.
seems like the 2 weeks is never happening...
i haven't gotten any form of survey yet...why is it delayed for so long? :(
me neither. waiting for it drives me crazy lol
lol.... thanks rolts and ibrahim!!!! for a moment i tot i'm the only one haven't got it!!!
i think there will be an official update giving details of sizing and survey method and lock down dates before the survey is launched.
@ sharon, not yet.  checked on backed projects, travel jacket, survey menu says "the survey for this reward hasn't been sent by baubax llc yet."  checked backerkit earlier today for another project and its not listed there. tsubame may be confused.
i didnt get it either
survey out already???? i didn't get any..... anyone else got it besides tsubame????
hello,this is tsubame from china.  i have backed your project and get your letter.  but i can't open the survey link writtened in letter.  the style and size i need is:  1. blazeer, gender-man; color-black, l size;  2. bomber,gender-man;color- blue, m size;  thanks ! for any question, please feel free to let me know
@ bruce gilliland - thanks for the reply. i pledged for 2 jackets and am debating whether to get the windbreaker or other jacket. the white panels on the windbreakers are dealbreakers for me. i'm hoping pictures will be up by the time the survey comes out so i can make a more informed decision.
@ tina - sorry for the typo.
@ tine j - that's a legitimate question, but not one you're likely to get answered right now, in my opinion. a lot of specific design questions have been asked over the campaign, but only some have been answered. for example, we know there won't be double zippers (zippers that work from both the top and bottom). the jackets in the photos and video were likely hand sewn as examples to use for the campaign and for working with vendors. the men's windbreaker shows zippers on the hand pockets, but there do not appear to be zippers on the women's windbreaker. as far as i know, baubax has not said what the final product will be like. in my opinion, that extra fabric accent around the pocket is not needed and adds to the complexity of manufacturer. the "leather" piping on the bomber jackets is another example. some don't care for it. but baubax has not said definitively yes or no. i think a lot of design questions will not be resolved until the the final jacket counts, colors and sizes are compiled and contracts are negotiated with manufacturers. about the best we are "guaranteed" are the pockets, the hood and the pillow (and, of course the blanket).
do the women's black windbreaker jacket have whites panels in the pockets and back like the red and blue jackets? there aren't any picturespictures of the black ones on the campaign or facebook page. (i've asked this before below and on fb but didn't get a reply so am asking again.)
good catch, junze.  thanks for sharing.
to the lovely people who will read comments first before posting, and those who post before reading comments :  https://www.facebook.com/baubax/posts/922793207798925 "baubax hi tony yhap: we are yet to receive funding from kickstarter. in the mean time, we are working on our survey system and should be able to send them out sometime next week."
@ moses che; read the comments further down the page.
when i get a questionnaire for size/color/style
i think my post about the funding now happening on indiegogo may have led people to assume this is a scam.  what i should have clarified is this:  since it is still being funded on indiegogo (about $700k usd atm with 2,500+ backers), our surveys probably will take longer than usual.  but i hope at some point they stop the funding and focus on the surveys as i'm sure we would all like to receive the goods by christmas, if possible.  however, by not responding to emails or comments here, but responding recently on indiegogo, maybe they are not monitoring here to see that people are concerned with the lack of the survey, even though we all received an email that said it would be a week.  i believe the survey is coming, but baubax needs to post a quick update as to why they sent us the email about the survey taking a week but now it's nearly two weeks.
@jacky chan ka ho, @tere metta why the exact same posting?
@jacky chan ka ho, try reading the comment right below yours for the answer.
hi! i contributed to the project and i was supposed to get a questionnaire to know which size/color/style i wanted but i never did, was i supposed to get it already?
joan tham about 6 hours ago hi everyone, i saw a recent reply by baubax on their facebook page that they have yet to receive the funds from kickstarter and that they're working on the survey system and should be sending out the surveys sometime next week! hope this helps!
@tere metta, read the answer 4 comments below yours
hi! i contributed to the project and i was supposed to get a questionnaire to know which size/color/style i wanted but i never did, was i supposed to get it already?
never mind my question below.  i just found the reference on the baubax website:  men's blazer - is sized right around the same as calvin klein's slim fit suit; men's other styles - are sized right around the same as gap; women's blazer - is sized right around the same as banana republic; women's other styles - are sized right around the same as american eagle
does anyone recall....  i seem to remember seeing a comment by baubax about the sizing.  that it was very similar to standard sizing at... maybe american eagle, or old navy?  i can't remember, and i figured it would make sense to be pro-active about figuring out sizing before the survey. i looked through comments and campaign updates and couldn't find the reference.
@ justus - i feel certain the indiegogo backers will get their jackets after those of us who pledged on the ks project. however, i am not counting on the jackets arriving, at least to most people, in november. in my opinion, i suspect it will be the first of the year before we see large quantities distributed. i am not questioning the credibility or honesty of baubax.  i am simply basing my comments on experience with several large ks projects. no matter how experienced the project leaders are, things don't always go as planned, it's just a fact of life. @joan tham - thanks for the update. i don't do facebook, so i forget that is how many people and organizations do the bulk of their communications these days. i'm from the old school where we updated our websites regularly. having looked at the baubax website yesterday, i found it useful only for ways to contact them.
hi everyone, i saw a recent reply by baubax on their facebook page that they have yet to receive the funds from kickstarter and that they're working on the survey system and should be sending out the surveys sometime next week!  hope this helps!
@justus i remember they did post here before they "disappear" but their msg have been flooded away by others........
people will always be impatient and worry.  two weeks is nothing.  try talking to people that have backed projects that have gone months without word from the creator.
@david, @sharon fair enough, multiple factories might work to get it all done, as does their intel from the mid-campaign surveys and potential general experience in clothing. still, no update, not even the obligatory and a little superfluous "wow, we did it, thanks", for two weeks after you just completed the third highest funded campaign while raising more money on a different platform and having people here impatient/worried/etc comes across a little off, most other campaigns opt for more interaction. radio silence never helped anyone. well, whatever, sooner or later there will be an update.
justus, if you approach this from the idea that baubax wants to be in the clothing business, and this is not a one-off production deal, then their actions make sense.  the indigogo campaign allows them to keep production busy until they can set up a proper online store or other distribution channels.  you would also not expect them to sacrifice quality, the only caveat being that as a first-generation product there may be unexpected problems that will only crop up after the jackets have been used. it's not entirely true that they don't know what we want either.  not all reward levels were mix n' max.  if the creators have experience in the clothing industry then you can estimate the need for sizes based on statistical models of height distribution and historical demand.  the only real wild card is colour, as perhaps one colour may end up being significantly more popular than others.  however, that is most likely why they limited colour options to three as it would give them better control of production.  once surveys come out it will be important for people to get them in right away so they can see if there are going to be any outliers in demand and plan accordingly.
if i didn't remembering wrongly, before the campaign ended they did say they will be having a few factories making the jackets for them. so guess they have started on the common size now in all style?? so when we get our survey they only need to add sizes that they have not make yet so it won't be all 60k jackets. guess the next update we will see is when they mail out the survey. so just keep a look out in ur email or here. if the survey comes here it will be up in ur screen, u won't miss it.
i should have followed the comments here earlier, but now i am trying to catch up, so they continued this kickstarter now on indiegogo, where they -so far- gathered another 2500 backers pledging additional 600,000$?! i've just read a comment there, claiming that surveys are imminent and that jackets from the indiegogo will ship in december. so that would be roughly 60,000 jackets in november, plus whatever comes up on indiegogo in december?! and they don't even know what we want yet! i don't work in fashion or anything, but that seems very optimistic. or the quality is accordingly. anyway, almost two weeks post campaign end warrants an update here.
working in a financial institution, you have 6 months to file a dispute on a charge. no worries folks. if items not delivered by timeline. which i don't for see happening, file a dispute! i think they are over whelmed with all of our support and are working on a plan to accomplish their deadlines!
@melissa i agree with u. there is no place for them to hide and be able to enjoy the 9mil as there were/are too much media coverage!!
a project this huge with this many backers with this much press would end the career of everyone involved of it were a fraudulent campaign. it's not that easy to "take the money and run".
lulz. im away for 2 days , and i come back to see the most exciting battle yet. hi guys  , im back. kinda.
guys, i think you're just feeding trolls. let them post the same question. they are talking to no one.
@ brandon, andrew, david and steve; well said gentlemen, well said.
six days ago, over on indiegogo, baubax advised that they would be sending the surveys "within a week". this lines up with what they said here; that they would be sending them out after two weeks flowing hit end of the campaign. so don't expect it before thursday or friday. also, when the campaign ended, they said that the several supporters who were answering the oft-repeated questions were doing such a good job, that they would leave it to them and get on with delivering the project.
baubax answered two questions over at indigogo earlier today, so they have hardly vanished.  and before anyone gets their undies in a bunch they weren't answering any questions that hadn't already been answered here ad nauseum.
i've had issues with projects in the past. but it was more of a it's been three months since we shipped out all of our products and celebrating things, i still hadn't recieved mine. it's amazing how few people actually read fairly clear language, i'm assuming it's possible to access kickstarter in more than english. they have done a just fine job as far as i can tell of living up to their end of the bargain.
i find it amusing so many don't understand how kickstarter works.  you funded an idea.  yes some projects are farther along than others.  you did not fund finished product as of the collection date for the pledges.  people have i believe 2 weeks after a project ends to make sure they have the ample funds available.  if they don't at the end of that period, their pledges and money does not count.  ( they wouldn't be charged either).  we won't see any surveys until after that period so people who don't have their ducks in a row don't get the survey for a jacket they won't receive because they didn't pay for it.  keep calm, nothing is wrong.  don't expect updates every day.  don't expect your jacket in a week.  they were very clear on a timeframe for the jackets.  having said that, some projects have delays.  it happens.  of everything i backed that has become funded, only 1 project hasn't delivered anything and he's taken the money and ran.  such is life.  damn you stomping land!   never back a project if you have reservations on whether or not you will get the finished product.
@chrissy, what discrepancy? you need to understandunderstand the kickstarter process. the people claiming fraud etc, are all new to kickstarter and this is their first project backed. clearly they have not read the information regarding the process and think this works like an online store. it doesn't. no project on kickstarter sends out its survey until at least 2 weeks after finding because until that time  kickstarter has not validated backers payments for all backers. only then do the project creators get backers' contact details for the survey. please read the faqs for both kickstarter and this project.
@garrett murphy - exactly. the discrepancy and lack of communication now is the concerning part.
directly from kickstarter's faq for the creators about surveys................. how can i get my backers' information to fulfill rewards? the survey tool in the creator tools menu makes it easy to collect mailing addresses, shirt sizes, reward options, or anything else you need to fulfill rewards. to use this tool: 1) go to your project page. 2) click the "manage surveys" link in the creator tools menu on the left to start creating your surveys. you can make your questions open answer or multiple choice. you can also allow backers to update their shipping information. ************************************************************************************* 3) you can start building your surveys at any time during your project's funding period. the questions you add are automatically saved as you work on them. when your project is successfully funded (and your funding period has ended) and you're ready to send them, just click "send survey." **************************************************************************** 4) as you're crafting your surveys, keep in mind that backers are unable to omit survey questions. if a question doesn't apply to everyone in that reward tier, make sure to provide them with the option to say "not applicable" or "doesn't apply." we run the addresses that backers provide through a validation check, just to make sure that the address is properly formatted and to catch any typos. you can view the responses on the backer report or export them as a csv file that you can open in excel and other spreadsheet programs. don’t worry about gathering backers' info before your project is funded. if backers are curious, please let them know that you’ll follow up when you're ready to deliver their rewards. for more information about tools to help you with fulfillment, please visit the creator handbook. please note: the backer report export contains personal information about backers, and it is your responsibility to protect it. do not share it with services or third parties you do not trust. if you do use it with another service, like a shipping partner, make sure to read their terms of service and privacy policy to see how they handle private information. note the starred (****************) area which says "when your project is successfully funded (and your funding period has ended)" is when the surveys are to be sent.
i am sorry you feel that way garrett.  i have a feeling that you are going to be in for a frustrating few months.  if you feel things are that easy my suggestion is that you should start your own project;  i know if it was that easy to rake in a couple million i would jump on it in a heartbeat!
@david: "it is unfortunate that some of you are now suffering from buyer's remorse but you did have ample time to ensure you had money set aside for the purchase and back out of the project if you did not." i'm not experiencing buyer's remorse. i'm experiencing the sensation of somebody telling me, "on september 3rd, you will receive an email directing you to make your selection...." and then not doing so. i don't care how kickstarter works in this case; i care about the discrepancy between what i was told and what has taken place. for those of you supporting baubax, saying it takes time to make a survey...um, no, it doesn't. this isn't complicated to do. i don't know why they would be waiting on suppliers; they just need to take our orders and tell us an approximate date of delivery. instead, all we have is silence. it's worrisome.
my credit card got both the word "kickstarter" and "baubax", my other projects got the word "kickstarter" and the name of the other project. so nothing shd be wrong with the transaction i guess. think kickstarter is informing u which project they are collecting for.
"baubax llc is a chicago based product design firm that designs and manufactures creative lifestyle products. with the launch of the world's best travel jacket, baubax seeks to solve the many inconveniences of traveling."   their website, http://www.baubax.com/. there's contact information at the bottom of the website.
@ chrissy - baubax is located in berkeley, ca. other posters have stated that kickstarter was the entity that was collecting the money. that is probably true. but ultimately, the money will go to baubax. so i assume that kickstarter listed baubax as the vendor when submitting the charges to our credit cards.
@pamela feader - my card is showing a charge by baubax on shattuck in berkeley, ca. kickstarter is in brooklyn, ny.
@all y'all +1
@david, well said!  if you have any experience with kickstarter then you know about waiting and delays. please be patient and understand how the process works. look at past projects and see what can go wrong. most of all be patient. go back through the comments read read them to pass the time.
also, those of you seeking refunds need to understand that your payment agreement was to donate money if the project achieved its funding goal.  you did not, technically, buy any jackets.  i would assume that kickstarter recognizes that chargebacks are a big threat to their business model and have taken sufficient steps to protect themselves financially, even in cases where projects have legitimately failed to deliver on their promises.  it is unfortunate that some of you are now suffering from buyer's remorse but you did have ample time to ensure you had money set aside for the purchase and back out of the project if you did not.
those of you screaming "fraud!" need to calm down and give your heads a shake.  groups perpetrating fraud don't raise 9 million and then amble over to another crowdfunding site to keep raising money.  both the founders have social media footprints, i'm sure most of the rest of the team does as well.  if you really feel there is fraud then go and use the "report to kickstarter" button at the bottom of the campaign page.  you will probably not get very far though since there is no actual evidence of a fraudulent campaign. it's been said before but bears repeating that this is not an online store.  it seems to me that most of you found this page from one of the many media reports and then signed on not really understanding what kickstarter is or how it works.  it is a little late but now might be a good time to read the site faq to understand the basics of backing a project. ultimately you are all just going to have to be patient.  believe me, we all want our surveys so that we can move this process along, if only to replace the "where is my survey" posts with "when are my jackets shipping" posts.
@ garrett - yes, two weeks from sept. 3 will be this thursday, sept. 17, which has not arrived yet. so, let's all try to be patient. if we have not gotten e-mails by this time next week (5 days after the "deadline"), then i certainly think baubax needs to issue an update on their status. they are busy, i'm sure, working with vendors, etc., but they can't place any firm orders until the surveys are collected and compiled. and a lot of that depends on us - to respond promptly. on billing problems, in the past i have referred people to baubax. however, after reading recent comments, i think you may need to contact kickstarter to see what they say. since your credit card companies or banks have made payments, i doubt they can do much. you can dispute the charge, but i think it's a little early to claim that this project is a fraud, as at least one person intimated. thus, your money could be tied up. but i certainly agree that you should not be charged twice for one purchase. but as i have said before, you need to locate and retrieve the e-mail(s) you got from kickstarter and/or baubax about your initial selections. i have two charges on my credit card, but it is because i made two purchases using two different kickstarter accounts.
hello baubax? are you still alive?
yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
these guys are acting like fraud. i want refunds and sent them multiple emails...no response. i am working with my credit card company to dispute the payment and get the refunds. this is unacceptable.
@lee tingyin & @christine rivera, baubax has not charged your card, they have no access to your card information. all card charges are done by kickstarter so any issues with charges would need to be taken up with them.
their last post on indiegogo was 6 days ago. so guess they are still around. maybe just busy preparing our survey.
appreciate it takes time, but i previously got responses from baubax pretty quickly. it's concerning to me that they haven't responded at all to any emails - including one sent directly to their contact email address - but charged our cards. have emailed kickstarter and called my creditors. has anyone received a response to date since sept 3rd?
please be patient, everyone.  after the two week period of collecting funds, the creators then can compile the list for the survey.  since this survey is a bit more complicated than most - they may be using an outside source like backerkit.  it will take a bit of time.  hopefully it will arrive soon.  but a delay does not always equal a scam.
@susie ross i think that is 45,900% not 45%
@lee tingyin i don't work for baubax!!! when baubax reply u, u can see it in blue. anyway, since u have confirm there are 2 charges, the only person to refund u will be baubax i guess, or maybe email kickstarter?
@rolts lol.... u are using steve's reply too @steve maybe u shd add a few more language??
in light of susie ross's comment, now i'm wondering how to get my money back from these guys...this doesn't seem quite on the up-and-up
do you think the baubax can fit the new ipad pro?
i was on indiegogo, where this project is now being funded.  it says that on september 3, 2015, the project was funded on another site (here) at just over 45%!  see here:  https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/world-s-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-baubax#/story doesn't this slow down the time for when we can expect surveys?  since it is up and running on another site and collecting an additional $.5 million usd right now?
has the survey been sent out yet?
@sharon. hi, yes i have checked with the bank side and also received the bank statement. both transactions had already went through. do you need me to send you the transaction number or document for reference?
two weeks after the campaign finished...early next week... i remember when i signed up for this kickstarter, it was said quite clearly that the call for orders would go out the moment the kickstarter closed. in addition, didn't this campaign end on sept 3? two weeks from that would be...thursday. not next week. i think i speak for a lot of people here that something seems a little "off".
@dj yeon; the survey should come two weeks after the campaign finished. expect it early next week.  本次调查应该两周活动结束后。下周初期待。  la encuesta debe venir dos semanas después de la campaña terminó. espera que la próxima semana.  la enketo devus veni du semajnojn post la kampanjo finis. atendas fruan venontsemajne.
when will we (the backers) be getting the email finalizing our orders for the jackets?
@sharon. the translations are from google, so i think they're ok. mandarin and spanish. the last one is esperanto (just for fun), probably aren't any backers that use it though.
hi, i was waiting my card to be charge, im worried i am the one left out due to kickstarter haven't charge on my credit card.
only bad thing is that i won't be able to wear it on my next trip next month :)
@steve i copy and paste ur reply, hope all ur translation is correct!! lol
the survey should come two weeks after the campaign finished. expect it early next week.  本次调查应该两周活动结束后。下周初期待。  la encuesta debe venir dos semanas después de la campaña terminó. espera que la próxima semana.  la enketo devus veni du semajnojn post la kampanjo finis. atendas fruan venontsemajne.
are you still alive? :)
hi, when will you collect final order details such as the size, color, style, gender and shipping address? i haven't received any email yet from baubax team.
hello, i would like to know if you have sent a survey or not. i didn't receive any survey until now.  thank you.
@rolts why didn't i think of that? to use google translation? lol...... as lym100 and me learnt different form of mandarin, i dunno what to reply as i dunno 100% of the word lym100 used. lucky melissa got smart and went to google translate!!!!!
@lee tingyin maybe try calling your credit card company to see did both transaction went through or only 1 went through? sometimes when they realise they charge twice they may only collected once?? call your credit card to try to find out more.
@rolts. hi, yes i have two separate charges on the card. i did try that portal you suggested to  contact them on 10 september, but have yet to receive any reply till today. thanks.
hi, have made the payment and appears the campaign closed (great news!). i was waiting for the survey link from baubax llc but have not seen it yet. when should i expect it (or whom should i contact?) thanks, paul
@ lee tingling. do you mean you had 2 separate charges on your credit card or was it double the expected amount?  if you had 2 charges, contact baubax by going to the top of this page, click on the baubax logo. on the pop up screen is a blue "contact me" button. use this to contact baubax directly. if the charge is double what you expected, you need to understand that the pledge was in $us and exchange rates may have doubled the amount in your local currency.
hi, i have pledge only once but i was charge twice on my credit card.  and i have already email your support side twice 1 week ago but theres no reply at all. please advise. thank you!
@phuyen yes, in the survey you will be asked which style (of the eight - four mens and four ladies styles) and which colours you want.
im not sure if this question has been answered but i ordered the two package jacket with either the sweatshirt and/or the bomber. is it possible to get a female sweatshirt and a male bomber?
the survey should come two weeks after the campaign finished. expect it early next week.  本次调查应该两周活动结束后。下周初期待。  la encuesta debe venir dos semanas después de la campaña terminó. espera que la próxima semana.  la enketo devus veni du semajnojn post la kampanjo finis. atendas fruan venontsemajne.
@joyce pangilinan; if you wanted a blanket you needed to add $25 to your pledge amount before the campaign ended. they do not come with the jacket. there is a pocket to store it. it is now too late to get a blanket through kickstarter, but there is a pre-order link on the campaign page; i think it will take you to the indiegogo site. (caps for clarity, not abuse or sarcasm.)
hey guys im a little bit confused with the blanket. does every jacket already come with a blanket or do we have to order one if we want one?
@ julian - i should have noted that the e-mail you receive about the jackets will most likely contain a link to take you to another website where the survey form will be located. also, while they could ask for address information, most likely that will be done in a followup survey when it gets closer to time for shipment of the jackets.
@ julian - it can be done different ways, but most likely you will receive a survey via your e-mail address you used for the project from a survey firm on behalf of baubax. it is possible that baubax will do the survey themselves, but i have seen several projects use other firms to actually set up the forms and compile the data. based on your selection (1, 2, 3, etc. jackets), you will select a jacket style and indicate the size and color. if you have more than one jacket, you will repeat the process. it is assumed that we will also indicate how many blankets we ordered, if any. the survey may be designed to monitor your selections against your pledge so that you don't order too much or too little. that's how it worked for me just this week on another project i backed. you will be asked to confirm your choices and then submit the form. i would suggest you double check your measurements before you complete the survey. look at jackets you might already own of the type you are ordering.
this is my first time doing kickstarter so forgive me if this is a dumb question but how does the survey work when it does eventually get delivered? is it on here or the email linked to kickstarter?
for all the impatient people.... let's put this into perspective. the original goal of this kickstarter was $20,000, which if you math it out, they were estimating probably less than 300 jackets to be ordered. instead they are having to make 67,986 jackets with the $9.1 million dollars they ended up with. cut them some slack and remember like @rolts and @melissa have been saying, this is not a retail store. this is a website that helps inventors fund their inventions. they'll get to us as many of these comments have said, just be patient.
@melissa; good job on the translation on update 2 comment for lym100. google translate would have been my response too.
@richard u can't. until they send u the survey. so just wait for it in ur email soon.
i want to pick my size already
no offense taken!  i agreed it had been awhile since the actual answer was near the top of the comments, within the window of this page. :)
@bruce lol.... we got bored while u were asleep so had abit of out of project chat.
@ sharon - i didn't mean any offense to you, rolts and melissa. the comments were interesting, but it had been a while since anyone had had to answer the question.
lol sorry bruce!!!
@ leah and diana - you questions have been answered in the faqs for the project and also innumerable times in the general comments and in the update s and their comments. however, there has been a lot extraneous comments here recently so, one again, you will receive a survey about two weeks after the campaign ended, which was sept. 3. in that survey you will indicate the style, size and color of the jacket(s). you will also indicate whether you added one or more blankets to your pledge amount.
hello diana and leah- in the next week or so you will receive a survey via email.  this will ask you the size, color, style and shipping address.  keep a look out for it.  if you've been receiving emails from this campaign (update emails during the campaign) you'll receive the survey email.
hi there.. anyone know when are we able to select our size and colour and billing address after the funding?
apologies as i'm sure this has been asked, but i can't find the answer in the comments. i funded this project and my card was charged on sept 3, but am wondering where i go to request the size/color that i would like.  i can't find anywhere to do this. thanks!
@alex are u saying that u wanted a discount on indiegogo since u backed their kickstarter project??
also -  i agree with whomever said ks should have starred comments at the top.  it would be nice to keep the frequently answered responses near the top.
@alex - kickstarter and indiegogo are two completely separate entities.  what you pledged here doesn't reflect on that campaign.
hi everyone, i'm quite new here and i have one (silly) question. i have two different accounts: one for kickstarter and the other for indiegogo. how am i supposed to tell indiegogo  that i have a kickstarter pledge (159 usd)? if i'm correct, with my pledge i should not pay the entire retail price, right? thanks in advance. regards, alex
@rolts when u log in 2moro go check out update #2, someone is typing in mandarin hoping that someone knows how to read it and give them info. the person regretted not learning english in sch. guess baubax better get someone good in mandarin to answer their questions.
@rolts see u 2moro!!!
@ sharon, logging off, catch you later.
@ sharon, been over at the update page, someone was posting comments on update 7 wanting to know where the survey was.
@rolts ya i read abt the baubax at update #9
@sharon, interesting, there are also online entities who attempt to push projects. even baubax partnered with one to push for a higher funding level.
@rolts  1 guy already went to the uni they said they study in and try to dig their info..... but found no such present or past student there..... and no company, no pix, no nothing can be found on them. but the number of backers just keep increasing non stop every few mins...... from what i understand, even baubax such a popular project, with so many media reports abt them, the backers increase slower than juice box!!! lol..... that's why i'm thinking they are using some kinda software to keep adding backers like when u hack a game to keep fighting to level up for u while u enjoying ur tv program......
@sharon & ibrahim; check out their bio/profile, if it doesn't say much see if they have created anything else and then go to google and check them out. if no background in the area or not students studying in this area at an advanced level, be cautious.
@ibrahim this is much better--->> https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/49082870/switch-the-single-lamp-that-meets-all-your-lightin
@ibrahim on 4th sept i backed juice box and i'm #119 today, 14th sept they have 3252 backers...... and all these while so many complaining that it's a fraud..... anyway, go read the top few comments, 1 guy spotted the shadow while another spotted them using their finger to on the device while plugging in the juice box.
@sharon thanks for your help! i don't think i will be pledging. wow i can't believe they keep changing the details. that must surely be fake! thanks
@ibrahim  another strange thing i notice abt the project is that, while some of the backers are saying it's a fraud and questioning the creator, the number of backers and the $$ keep increasing non stop..... kinda strange, the numbers are going up too fast it's like a machine adding backers and $$ to it every now and then......
@ibrahim  some people are still questioning them an apple watch with 250mah is bigger than their 300mah so they wanna know what kinda battery is so small or does the battery even exist.
@ibrahim  what happened over there was the creator are kinda unsure what they are creating.... at 1st they saying it's a 500mah when people question them how can it be so small for a 500mah they change it to say it's a 300mah....... the size too, they were telling everyone it's 4 inches so when being question why the video doesn't look like 4 inches they change it to 4cm.....
@sharon this is actually my first project and i'm getting this for my birthday! :)  and i have one question, you know that juice box charger, is it a fraud because then i don't want to pledge. i will definitely be on the lookout for other projects! kickstarter seems so cool
@rolts ya i know, i did check what some people are commenting too as they go project to project spamming...... @ibrahim what kinda things u into? see if i've come across them. i've lots of starred project. lol
@sharon haha no way, it's just that i'm trying to find some good projects and then i see the comments to see if people are satisfied and then i see you in so many comment sections! lol
@sharon, i don't know anything about that tech, new to me.  fyi you can see what comments people are making on different projects by going to the public profile and above their backed projects thumbnails is "comments". this is a link to all posted comments on ks.
@rolts that ink type seems to be something new, it's still under pre order..... not sure how good compare to the filament type
@ibrahim u stalking me?!?! lol!!!!
@sharon i see your comments everywhere in so many projects! you must love kickstarter right?
@sharon; hadn't seen that type before. the ones i had seen were superfine versions of a holt glue gun.
@rolts ya i'm afraid the 3d software will be hard to learn...... and too frustrating for newbie.....
@rolts this is using ink   http://www.creopop.com/about-us
@sharon, this may give you an idea  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@sharon; i'm sure there are some youtube clips showing how.
@sharon, to use the 3d printer you need to learn to use some software to design what you want to make and then another lot to drive the printer. the 3d pen is a plug it in, turn on and start drawing in 3 dimensions.
@rolts which is harder to use? printer or pen?
@ sharon, haven't played with a 3d pen but have worked with a 3d printer which is why i wanted one. don't know if i'd have a use for the pen, its like doodling in 3d where as the printer is more maker orientated.
@rolts now i'm also looking at a 3d pen..... not sure issit good or not.... still thinking......
@junze ginger zhang, your survey should come in around the time you suggested, check spam filters to make sure it doesn't get trashed. @ rory oren; i haven't seen other campaigns go to indiegogo before, but many launch pre-ordering strategies as soon as the campaign concludes. having looked at their indiegogo campaign, i think that is the reason they did it, also maybe to stop a repeat of an attempted scam on indiegogo that copied their project by cut and paste but was not genuine. this was discovered by backers and they alerted the creators.
@junze gingers zhang; when i posted the comment there was a 25minute difference between my response being posted and the question being asked, but if sze tsz ho had the page open and hadn't refreshed, it is indeed possible sze tsz ho may not have seen my response. if so i apologise, but many of the questions being posted have often been answered on the comments page, frequently a few comments below. there are many backers who haven't read the campaign faqs or kickstarter's faqs which often provide the information required.
is it normal that they have a campaign also in indiegogo and kickstarer?
gee, if kick starter ever upgrade their commenting system they should perhaps have a "top comment " or "starred comment" that shows up right at the top. hahaha. anyway, given that people are all claiming that it takes 2 weeks or so before ks collects le moolah, i'd assume that the survey should come flying into mailboxes as soon as 21 sept? if not within that week? :d
@rolts, it's likely that in her case your reply wasnt loaded when she made the comment. why the angsty reply?
@ sze tsz ho; please read the answer provided to gary. it is immediately below your question. why could you read gary's question but not the answer?
same question as gary, anyone have received the survey for the size, color and style options? and also the address for delivery i haven't got it
@ gary: the campaign finished on september 4th. it takes kickstarter 2 weeks to finalise pledges. the information is then passed to baubax so that surveys can be sent out. surveys are not expected until another 4 or 5 days or so.
i hv a dumb question. did anyone received the survey for the size, color and style options?
@sharon; learned of kickstarter after the first pebble watch campaign. a backer here in australia had bought a massive number and resold them via an android website link to ebay. the price i paid was about the same as if i had backed one on ks. this got me interested and i lurked for a while before joining. have backed some projects that i thought would be interesting. the 3d printer project interests me as its price point is unique and coupled with the design could make 3d printing very consumer accessible. the globe trotter wine glass campaign also looked very interesting, unfortunately not enough backers to be successful, they're going independent too.
@rolts lucky for me i've learn abt kickstarter some time back but didn't see the need to join as the projects are too expensive...... what my frens have been showing me are things that u don't "need" but just "want" items so i didn't backed any...... this time round also coz i can get enough people to backed the higher rewards at a cheaper price that's why i jumped in. shipping is never cheap if u don't stay in the us...... but while browsing i can see that some of them have found some cheaper ways to ship so not all projects are high on shipping. some i email them abt shipping and found out that they are new to kickstarter and doesn't know how to set the shipping fee.
@sharon; campaigns that attract a lot of media/online attention tend to draw in a lot of people who jump on board campaigns without reading the faqs and then find the experience challenging because they don't know how it works.
@rolts lol.... isn't that what will make our day happier when they try to act smart?? it's such a big word beside our profile that reads "public"
@sharon; they don't realise how easy it is to look at their backing history/profile and when they joined, it's all public.
a lot of people is really treating kickstarter as an online store...... some may not even have shop online before and this is their 1st online "shopping" experience......
@rolts i'm amaze how people says they backed a few kickstarter projects but actually buabax is their 1st and only project backed!!! lol......
lol.... it's 3.04pm here!!! @melissa sweet dreams!!!!!
@melissa: figured the "taser creeper" and "great mountain" tags may have been ek associated. it's 4:30pm here, i'll keep watch
oh hey... it's almost 3 in the morning and i have some sleep to get done.
*sigh* also - you can just refer to me as melissa, to keep it easy.  "taser creeper" is a nickname from the ek campaign... and is a very long story. :)
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole;  have a look at the comment posted on update 9 of the project, first "no survey yet = scam" scare.
for anyone new checking in - the survey has not yet been sent.  we will still need to wait a few days, possibly over a week.  please be patient!  when the survey is sent - you will be able to choose style, color, size and update your shipping address  please be patient!
@bruce i hope none of the project i backed need to wait a yr or goes mia...... that's why it's good to google the creator or their site or whether they show u their real face. people who show their real face can be trusted more as u can hunt them down and i don't think they want that to happen. and some of them do link their kickstarter to their facebook where u can see their family pix too.
@rolts 1 of them that i'm backing i hope if it doesn't get funded it goes independent too..... i need that gps tracker for my kid...... anyone else have come across a gps tracker like this pls let me know, the project is c-way. need something that is stand alone without a handphone and can be use world wide.
i didn't see mine as recurring payment too. it's just a single charge. called my bank and they say it's a single charge. guess we have to wait for next mth bill if it's recurring we report as fraud?
@rolts: maybe tomorrow :-)
@ marc oberhauser: drought broken! didn't make a full day.
hong wah benson li:  the campaign finished on september 4th. it takes kickstarter 2 weeks to finalise pledges. the information is then passed to baubax so that surveys can be sent out. surveys are not expected until another 4 or 5 days or so.
anyone receive the survey? i still haven't receive the survey email.
@s. nunn - interesting question. but you need to send these comments directly to baubax using the support page on their website - wwww.baubax.com. you are wasting time posting it here except for letting the rest of us know. by the way, i checked my credit card. it simply says i had a charge from baubax for the agreed to amount. nothing about a "recurring" charge.
recurring payments!!  i have noticed that i am not the only one,when i checked my credit card statement it does indeed say recurring payment. please could someone look further into this. i was told by my financial institution to contact baubax llc.that it should say " payment received " not "recurring payment" and that this would mean that future payments every month would occur. i have backed other kick starter projects, this was not the case with them. baubax,could you look further into this and please clarify to all of us experiencing the "recurring payment" situation ". i really do love your jackets,very excited to see them in person,and happy to back you guys,but i dont think we wanted a subscription plan!  ha ha. although all my family and friends is sure to want one or two or.... just wondering what is up with this?  thanks s.nunn
@rolts: lol :-)
@mark oberhauser; it's the eye of the hurricane/ cyclone. all quiet before the onslaught regarding changing survey info and the unavoidable "where's my reward?" i'm not one to be lulled into a false sense of security.
i think we have a new record: if i scrolled through correctly, we have reached 19hrs without someone asking questions regarding shipping, sizing etc. looks like all your hard work is starting  to show some effect . :-)
@ bruce gilliland, melissa" taser creeper" nicole, sharon; backed a couple that have been cancelled/unsuccessful, one of which went independent and i backed - happy with the product. 2 successful projects have delivered and have been really pleased with the rewards, high quality products well finished and useful, but both came through well after projected dates, hence my "manage expectations on delivery dates'" message to backers. 1 is in the mail and 2 others are up for delivery soon. christmas in september/october!
@ bruce gilliland, welcome back and thanks for any answers. we are going to need reinforcements when the survey is out. 1st after survey is complete - "how do i change my ..." 2nd "where is my jacket?/haven't got my jacket yet."
@melissa @sharon: that's exactly what i like about ks opposed to for example indiegogo. you won't be charged until the project is successful and you can kill your pledge at any given time, if you decide you don't want it anyhow. with other platforms they charge you immidiatly and then there's no easy way pulling back out again.
@ rolts, melissa, sharon, et al - sorry if i appear to have been mia. i said i was no longer going to keep making the same responses to the same questions. (although i did answer a couple of "new" questions.) but you folks still hung in there. @ melisaa and sharon - about backing projects. i had been trying to wean myself from kickstarter projects. a couple of them have proved to not be worth the money i spent on them. and a couple i am still waiting after more than a year. when i first saw the baubax jackets, i thought i did not need it. but i came back and looked at it again. and fell for it - hook, line and sinker. once i was in, i didn't consider canceling. but i can see how someone could get pulled in to buy something they don't need (which covers many ks projects).
i saw that this campaign is also going on in indiegogo and it has ended as well.
@ melissa "taser creeper" nicole i only have the single charge so far. hope this doesn't become an issue
hey! a question a little bit different than the others:  they talked about an updated size chart, did we get any news about it or are they working on it it and releasing it with the survey? because an advice would be to use more international brands like h&m so that people can go and try clothes to minimize the sizing problems
anthony, i don't see that in my account.  i would contact your bank to make sure.
so looked at my credit card for this jacket. says "recurring pmt kickstarter baubax tra" for $139. why does it say recurring? just confused with this
lol..... and while trying to decide to back out or not we can look out for better projects!!! then it will be headache time thinking which should i keep which should i cancel!!!! lol
exactly!  you can jump in on an early bird, but still have time to consider and back out.  i've done that with a few.  it seems really great at first, but then i think "okaaayyy... do i really need this?"
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole kickstarter is fun coz after backing any project, u have time to think if u really want it, need it, or just back coz u get super early bird price.
@rolts- we're here for ya!  some ek backers wanted to make sure i wasn't leaving them for the project that knocked them out of 4th place. :) i've just been busy!   @sharon- yeah, it's always good to keep a watch on comments and how the campaign is run.  especially if it's a high-priced item- good to research the creators, etc.
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole lol..... if i back too many projects my credit card will be taken away!!! i have to apply for approval after each backing. lol...... i'm fine with delays, as long as no run away. that's why i do read what other comments on the project. i ran out of 1 project just before it got suspended and i lower to $1 in another project to keep watch. there are lots of scammers around...... saw an old project where the guy ran off with $600++ and never deliver anything to anyone.
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole, great to have the ek support team back to cover  my sleep cycle.
if anyone wants to about when to order their size, color, style, and to update shipping: the campaign finished on september 4th. it takes kickstarter 2 weeks to finalise pledges. the information is then passed to baubax so that surveys can be sent out. surveys are not expected until another 5 days or so.
@sharon- may your kickstarter addiction begin!  i started to back a few random projects, and it was nice to have shipping dates spread out a bit.  some were delayed- which is incredibly normal- so one week i received three different projects. it was like christmas morning!  @rolts - thanks for the welcome back. :)
guess some are worried that they backed a scam project. that's why it's always important to read comments before a project ends so u got time to run off if it sounds too good to be true!!!! as for baubax, i don't think it will be a scam project as there is too much media coverage and too many reporters have seen their faces and been to their office so don't think they can hide in any country if they plan to run off with that 9mil. so i'm not worried abt this project. anyway if that really happens, almost 45k of people from all over the world will hunt them down.
@ sharon; i backed another very popular project, the tiko 3d printer. campaign for that ended on may 1st. survey for that only comes out in time for shipping which is not due to commence until november. some backers are asking where are their printers? smh
@rolts baubax is the 1st project i back too!!! as a lot of the projects have too high of shipping fee, some projects their shipping fee is x2 or x3 of the item price...... but i did remember to read all the faq and seldom ask stupid question. did ask some stupid questions as i was unsure after reading some comments from other projects. but after asking those stupid questions and they being answered by experience backers like u, i have a better idea of how things work. before i came i already know this is not my normal amazon shopping. lol
@ sharon; thanks. appreciate the support. just trying to help those new to ks. the wide coverage this campaign received in online and traditional media means a lot of people came on board without fully understanding the process. hopefully they will remain around to back other projects after this.
for those with active kids maybe u could check out this project so u will never lose ur kid. or maybe u could put it in ur baubax jacket so u can always track ur jacket. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1696428319/c-way-the-first-plug-and-play-wearable-gps-locator
@rolts i admire how u can keep repeating the answer for them...... they have been asking the same thing since the campaign ended and u can log in daily to post the same answer for them. u are really doing a very good job and i agree that baubax shd give u a free jacket!!!! dear backers, if u find that u have too much time while waiting for the survey maybe u could go back other projects so to keep urself busy!!! asking daily for the survey will not speed it up!!! it will come when it comes!!! have fun backing other projects!!!!
@ alex loi. the campaign finished on september 4th. it takes kickstarter 2 weeks to finalise pledges. the information is then passed to baubax so that surveys can be sent out. surveys are not expected until another 5 days or so.
@ jenny; what may be being missed by some backers is that when you pledge to a project the funds are collected by kickstarter. kickstarter allow 2 weeks for this process. this is explained on the kickstarter home page in the faqs. only after collection of funds is a list of valid backers then available. this is when the survey is able to be sent out. it can not be sent before as the validation of backers has not been completed. surveys are then sent according to the projects needs. in this case it will be as soon as possible to facilitate production of the correct sizing and colour range for each of the 4 styles. this information is available on the site and is not hidden. as a backer you need to be aware this is not a retail experience and you need to understand the process. this will avoid frustration.
what time we can choose size, color, style, etc. ??
@melissa. pretty sure they would have worked on this from the start. although judging from some of the comments here, they may be re-thinking how much simpler and less confusing it might have to be. =| for everyone else; don't expect the survey before the end of the week.  pretty sure they said two weeks after the campaign finished. and, no, it's too late to back out.
i wish they would've given a date to expect the survey. i agree with many of the posts. it seems concerning when you get several messages a day about your pledge, then once they withdraw the money, you receive no other emails from them. updates are appreciated
@ melissa "taser creeper" nicole & pamela feader; welcome back to the support centre. you can use the usual scripted responses as the queries remain the same. ;-)
also- these surveys require a lot more information than most campaigns.  size, color, style, etc.  they have to figure out the best way to create the most stream-lined survey that would confuse the least amount of people...which....is a challenge...
i'm sure they will also post an update when the survey will be sent.  fear not you beautiful backers!
@david, that would require them to scroll back 3-6 comments and actually read what people have posted :p
how can people keep saying that they have "also" not received their survey while missing the repeated posts that the surveys haven't been sent yet ?!?
@ jessie meng. the campaign finished on september 4th. it takes kickstarter 2 weeks to finalise pledges. the information is then passed to baubax so that surveys can be sent out. surveys are not expected until another 5 days or so.
i also have not recieved an email regarding size,color,and shipping address
@creator you should update the faq, it might confuse some people that it's reffering to the campain as unfinished, and updating it might save you a lot of headache ;-)
guys, it's only been a little over a week since the campaign has ended. from my experience with other campaigns, it normally takes 2 - 3 weeks for all the funding to go through after the campaign ends. once that step is done the creators will send out the survey.
i also have not recieved an email regarding size and color :/
hi, why i still dont get an email to chose size and color ?  thanks
why so quiet all of a sudden?
@ shawn. you will need to contact your credit card company to see if you can cancel the order from their end. most likely, they have already processed the charge against your account. if that doesn't work, you can try to contact baubax at their website. but you do understand that you made a financial commitment. it's unfortunate that you have this siutation. can you make minimum payments on the credit card?
hi, due to certain financial issues at home now, i have decided that i have made a rash decision in purchasing your product. i would like to enquire if i can get a full refund on my purchase. i really do love your jacket, but however, i am not able to afford this. kindly advise. thank you..
@ jensen farraday; the campaign to raise funds has ended. we are now in the next phase, the collection of funds from backers. this is normally around 2 weeks from the end of the fund raising stage. during this time there is an attempt to resolve issues with backers pledges (old/ expired credit cards, blocked transactions etc.) after this we move to production and pledge fulfilment stage. during this time the survey is sent to backers regarding size, style, colour and shipping address. different projects send this survey at different times. with this campaign it will be very close to the end of the collection of pledges. the creators will need this information to fulfil the pledges and thus for their manufacturing.
does anyone know when they will send out the message regarding size color etc
@creator: you should give rolts his/her pledge for free for all the efforts. �
@ marc; thanks for the supportive comments. the popularity of the campaign has its down side in that there are many new to ks who have confused crowd funding with a retail experience. they have leapt on board without reading the fine print or even the campaign details. by spending time responding, it hopefully frees up the creators to focus on the main game, completing the project.
i would like to give a round of applause for those of you that keep coming back and answering the same questions. lol. nice job guys,  you're pretty much their online support.
i fee this comment section has turned into something like childcare and you have dedicated people like rolts and the likes constantly responding patiently to the same questions over and over again. quite funny to watch, but honestly i can't understand the mindset of people posting questions, when the answer is just in the comment below. i would vote that rolts and the other "helpers" should get their pledged products for free. that would be a decent thing the creator to do, as they practically running this comment section.
for updates, i hope the creator will use the "updates" section so that we knew what is going on instead of information getting buried in the "comments" section with the same q being asked repeatedly.  can't wait for it and i hope the launch at indiegogo will not have impact on backers from ks delivery schedule.
@ cindy kwandy; the campaign to raise funds has ended. we are now in the next phase, the collection of funds from backers.  this is normally around 2 weeks from the end of the fund raising stage. during this time there is an attempt to resolve issues with backers pledges (old/ expired credit cards, blocked transactions etc.) after this we move to production and pledge fulfilment stage. during this time the survey is sent to backers regarding size, style, colour and shipping address. different projects send this survey at different times. with this campaign it will be very close to the end of the collection of pledges. the creators will need this information to fulfil the pledges and thus for their manufacturing.
@pamela feader : thank you for the information , can you tell me when will the campaign end .
@chun hung: kickstarter is still collecting pledges and sorting out backers problems with payments. surveys can't be sent out until payments are fully resolved. sizing charts will precede the survey as per the update.
@richard kuan; the campaign is over. if you want a blanket, go over to the indiegogo campaign. it will cost more than it was here
dear baubax founders, thank you so very much for all your hard work so far, not only in this product, but also keeping us updated. i am so excited to get my jacket whenever that may be. i can only imagine how excited you all must be with the overwhelming response you have received. congratulations and best wishes as you start this adventure. to the support team, you guys have a thankless job, and for that thank you for everything you are doing to keep all these people asking repetitive questions at bay. i'm sending all the good vibes your way while you're enduring this rough patch. it'll be over soon. you rock and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. :)
is there anyways we can still order the pocket blanket???
and again...... 1. your pledge is collected as soon as the campaign is over if successfully funded. 2. you can't change your pledge after the campaign is finished. 3. size, colour and delivery address information will be collected in the survey. this is when you are to be asked if the $25 amounts you added were for a blanket. this should be out around 2 weeks after campaign closes. 4. go back to the campaign page and read the faq. 5. sizing - there is to be an updated sizing chart - read the updates. 6. delivery times. delivery times can stretch by months, don't be disappointed. ks is not a retail experience, you are backing product development through to manufacture stage. 7. read through the last dozen comments to see if your question has been answered recently.
rotfl @comments.
i don't receive the email about my size and the color i want @@
@baubax - question about delivery: will you require signature upon delivery or will it be up to the carrier to decide if they should leave it on the front porch or place a door tag? if these items are being shipped during the holiday season, there are thieves out there looking for easy pickings. i would prefer a door tag and a required signature for the shipment. if this can be worked into your final process that would be great.  thanks!
ipad pro length is 12 inches and it is 50% heavier than an ipad air.  personally even if it fit i would not want to be lugging something that large around in a jacket pocket for long periods of time.
@nick: kickstarter is still collecting pledges and sorting out backers problems with payments. surveys can't be sent out until payments are fully resolved. sizing charts will precede the survey as per the update.
i thought i would have received the survey asking for my size color and style by now but i haven't seen it. when can we start to choose the size of the product?
@ terence chan, the campaign page says it is a 10 inch pocket capable of taking an ipad. if the ipad pro is the same size, it will fit. if it is bigger, then no.
does anyone know if the ipad pocket can fit in the new ipad pro? would be great because i plan to buy the ipad pro.
saw the answer :3 ^-^ sorry~ and thanks :3
anyone knows what kind of fabric will they use in each of the jacket? :3
@charlene orlando: kickstarter is still collecting pledges and sorting out backers problems with payments. surveys can't be sent out until payments are fully resolved. sizing charts will precede the survey as per the update.
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole, maike m., rony lutanco & owen "great mountain" middleton; now fielding comments being posted on the last two updates. went back to check details on updates to respond to charlene orlando and there were very recent posts on the previous updates.
i thought i would have received the survey asking for my size color and style by now but i haven't seen it, the email said it would be this week, has that been delayed? also where can i find the updated sizing chart? so excited for this!
looking forward to this. this is the first project i ever supported.
@ marina a rosa: from the kickstarter help section - if your pledge was declined, just log in to kickstarter and click the “fix payment” button in the banner at the top of your screen. this will guide you through the process of changing your payment method. we'll also send you an email every 48 hours with a direct link to correct the issue. but don't delay: backers have 7 days to resolve payment issues before they're dropped from the project. we'll also automatically retry your pledge at the end of this timeframe. here are things to look into: 1. check that you've entered valid card or account numbers and the correct expiration date. make sure the card hasn't expired. 2. confirm that your billing address and phone number are correct. 3. make sure you haven't exceeded the credit limit on your payment method. if everything checks out, it's possible your bank put a hold on the charge. please contact your bank to authorize the pledge. once you've cleared up any issues with your bank or card, you'll still need to follow the "fix payment" link to retry your pledge.
@ maria a. rosa - have you contacted your credit card company and authorized them the accept the charges from kickstarter? a lot of credit companies will automatically reject a strange or large charge. you probably need to do that first. next, find the e-mail you got from baubax showing the pledge you made when you first backed the project. next contact baubax directly at www.baubax.com. explain to them what happened and see if they can process the pledge to your credit card company. having that e-mail will be documentation that you did back the project during the campaign.
hi, my pledge was not authorized by the credit card company, then a day later i reive in spanish that my pledge was "recaudado"(?). i already did tried several times fix this problem and not found were i can fix, or what i can do. someone have a ideia or can help me? i can't find the "fix my pledge" in the page the ks say in the faq
@thomas walter you can contact them directly and they will help you at.
tried to correct a payment that wasn't wrong in the first place. it said i had 20 minutes left to correct my pledge but then when i clicked on it it said the deadline had passed. looks like you lost a supporter and sale.
will you have more pics of the jacket and colors before we decide to select which ones we want?
@rolts: i would...but it's a bit more fun to kind of dance around the people that don't want to read back a few comments, possibly a page or two. especially after attempting to reason with so many others in other campaigns(creeper can attest to that one as well...we're still trying to reason with some).
and again......  1. your pledge is collected as soon as the campaign is over if successfully funded.  2. you can't change your pledge after the campaign is finished.  3. size, colour and delivery address information will be collected in the survey. this is when you are to be asked if the $25 amounts you added were for a blanket. this should be out around 2 weeks after campaign closes. 4. go back to the campaign page and read the faq.  5. sizing - there is to be an updated sizing chart - read the updates.  6. delivery times. delivery times can stretch by months, don't be disappointed. ks is not a retail experience, you are backing product development through to manufacture stage.  7. read through the last dozen comments to see if your question has been answered recently.
i already pledge on the pack of 4 styles. can anyone tell me when are they going to ask us for the size, colour and type we want ?
@nathan law: the november deliver date is a preproduction projection only. if everything goes to plan, and this was based on a proposed $20 000 target (not the $9 000 000 raised),  we may be lucky and see delivery near this time. from the updates, it appears the creators have made some decisions and begun preproduction activities prior to funding release, but even so, being so over subscribed the delivery date may slide. don't be disappointed, this isn't a retail experience.
hi, i ll be travelling in early dec. hence, i'm wondering if i can get my sweater and blazer before end nov.  would love to wear them during holidays.  thank you.
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole, maike m., rony lutanco & owen "great mountain" middleton;  perhaps we can start off all responses with "dear rtfaqs" as in "dear read the faqs" for the 'where's survey?', "how can i select ....?', "i didn't give my address' etc.
wanting to know how to order your size, color, and design?   wanna know if they have your shipping address?   fear not!  the survey has not yet been sent.  patience! it shall come to you.   read! the faq's.
whooosaaaaah indeed!  sah-dah-tay!   my head hurts from questions that are frequently being asked.  hey!! there's an acronym for that... faq...  -__- hi chameleon!  *big hug*  *turns and fist bumps gm*
@audrey: on indiegogo information is for indiegogo campaign. that has nothing to do with this campaign.
will we still be getting our jackets in november? on indiegogo it says december.
people, read the posts or faq before you ask the same questions over and over again...you give me a headache everytime i visit to look for news....
whooosaaaah!!!!! sending positive vibes to the creators so they can meet the dateline & satisfy the 44,949 backers...or we'll experience the gloomiest thanksgiving in history �
great job.  the #'s for this product are pretty staggering.  can't wait to get my his and hers jackets.
@pamela: but...that goes against being a newbie! majority of newbies just go with the flow, some ask questions that are answered 2-3 posts below theirs, some just pledge and run until the survey(which was my way when i first started backing).
hey!!!! some of us newbies read the faq's, some..... lol :p
hey creator when the heck you are gonna ship the jackets its already been a week - newbies be like
@rony lutanco: thankfully there is cut and paste for responses. so many new backers who haven't read ks t&cs and campaign faqs. also some ks users who should know the answers but have asked anyway.
hello @creator, being one myself i'd like to congratulate on excellent campaign execution, well done! now it is the tough task of fulfilling expectations, i wish you all the best. looking forward to my baubax ;)
cracks me up everytime i come to the comments section and see the same questions asked over and over and over again. ��
@katsue kusayama; the survey will be sent out after all of the pledges have been collected and funding is forwarded to baubax. this usually takes 2 weeks from the end of the campaign, but can be longer as there are many backers and may be issues with some backers payments. time is allowed to resolve these issues, then the survey will be sent out.
@andrew mcnally: from 5the faqs on the bottom of the campaign page. how do i pick my color, size and styles when i order? we'll be reaching out to all our backers after the campaign ends to collect your size, color and style options in a survey. last updated: fri, jul 17 2015 12:21 pm acst how do i specify my shipping address ? we'll be reaching out to all our backers after the campaign ends to collect shipping address in a survey.
when do you send e-mail ; to decide size,color,shipping address?
never mind, i just saw it's possible to get them altered after all
so i'm in between sizes, my chest measurements run in large, but my sleeve measurements are closer to the medium. i'm assuming there will be no custom made orders, but does anyone know if it will be possible to have the sleeves shortened by a seamstress, assuming i go with the large?
i didn't state my size when i made the pledge any way to do this now?
gm, i'll try!  :)
@ megan m; not yet, don't worry still early.
it's such an important point, it should be covered twice!
@david: isn't your suggestion for an 8th point covered in point 6?
@chameleon: we miss you in the other comments section. come visit sometime.
has anyone received the size survey yet? i just want to be sure it is not in my spam box.
thanks, david.
they are taking pre-orders on indigogo because they do not have their own online store yet.  the "pre-order now!" link at the top of the page takes you to the indigogo site.
anyone know why these guys are now on indigogo?   https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/world-s-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-baubax#/story
looking forward to november. it amazes me how many people ask the same question over and over here and all those questions were covered when we signed up for the funding also. have a great day!
pamela, you should add a note 8: this is not an online store and you did not buy a product.
and again...... 1. your pledge is collected as soon as the campaign is over if successfully funded.  2. you can't change your pledge after the campaign is finished.  3. size, colour and delivery address information will be collected in the survey. this is when you are to be asked if the $25 amounts you added were for a blanket.  4. go back to the campaign page and read the faq.  5. sizing - there is to be an updated sizing chart - read the updates.  6. delivery times. delivery times can stretch by months, don't be disappointed. ks is not a retail experience, you are backing product development through to manufacture stage.  7. read through the last dozen comments to see if your question has been answered recently.
you cannot cancel a pledge once the project is backed.  those are part of the terms and conditions for kickstarter.
how do i cancel a pledge after it has been funding? i realised this was too much of an impulse purchase and now i cannot fulfill the pledged amount.
@ho tai hung : contact your credit card provider. i'm from msia and apparently citibank automatically block kickstarter. call them up and ask them to allow the transaction from ks. retry and payment success :)
@vincent cheang; you will be sent a survey by email asking for size, colour and delivery address in 2 weeks time. this information is on the campaign page in the faqs and has been frequently been posted here in the comments. also see the kickstarter faqs linked from the site's front page.
may i know how i can choose color, size and type ?
@charisse lewis; the campaign is over. if you want a blanket, go over to the indiegogo campaign. it will cost more than it was here
too late to add a blanket for $25?
i'm just amazed that people don't scroll down a few comments...
@jenny - nice thought.  however - i think that even if it were flashing in bright lights, it may still be ignored.  *le sigh* side- bar thought:  i know that some creators have add-on options in a survey - especially if they use backer kit.  would be nice to confirm that either no changes may be made to pledge, or add-ons may be available (re:blanket)- so we can give the proper answer to other backers.  but for the time being....your pledge is your pledge is your pledge.  *gently lowers head to desk*
maybe kickstarter needs an additional faq interface here in the comment section, allowing direct backer-creator response. just so the creators ain't swamped with repeated questions, especially with the enormity of backers on projects like these. could be just a simple way to keep creator's answers to common faq from backers up the top of the webpage so people don't need to (or too lazy to) scroll down all the comments below to find what they want.  just a thought ks.
@natalie medina: 1. your pledge is collected as soon as the campaign is over if successfully funded.  2. you can't change your pledge after the campaign is finished.  3. size, colour and delivery address information will be collected in the survey. this is when you are to be asked if the $25 amounts you added were for a blanket.  4. go back to the campaign page and read the faq.  5. sizing - there is to be an updated sizing chart - read the updates.  6. delivery times. i've backed a few ks projects and have seen delivery times stretch by months, don't be disappointed. ks is not a retail experience, you are backing product development through to manufacture stage.
ran xu; you will be sent a survey by email asking for size, colour and delivery address in 2 weeks time. this information is on the campaign page in the faqs and has been repeatedly posted here in the comments.
when and how i can pick the color and size?
@alex you may have to pre-order or you can contact the creator and see if they can can do anything to help
am i able to add another jacket to my pledge now that the campaign has ended, or do i have to pre order?
dear lovely people, it may seem like kickstarter is a store full of products, but it is not. your jackets have not even been made yet. calm down.
quick question; i apologize if this was asked before, i did order the campaign with the blazer, however what if we wanted to switch our options to the bomber jacket? if it's too late, we understand, however we would have really liked the bomber jacket after much discussion for months lol.
@andreas beining; the campaign is over. if you want a blanket, go over to the indiegogo campaign. it will cost more than it was here. you've been a member since 2012 and have backed 5 projects so you know about the surveys right? if not read the campaign faqs.
i guess i can't buy a blanket anymore as the campaign is over? also: where do i write my desired size?
@ho tai hung; did your credit card company tell you this payment was declined or did kickstarter?  you will need to contact them and ask them to process the payment and contact kickstarter.  at this stage it is a matter for your credit card company and kickstarter. baubax  is not involved with the payment at this stage. hope this helps.
@ ramandeep panesar ; you will be sent a survey by email asking for size, colour and delivery address in 2 weeks time. this information is on the campaign page in the faqs and has been repeatedly posted here in the comments.
when do i pick the color of the jacket i want? there is no information regarding address( on which are going to send it?
credit my card already and said my card was declined......nobody help!!!
@ salvatore russoo; please read melissa "taser creeper" nicole's comments immediate below yours. @ melissa "taser creeper" nicole: thank goodness we are spread around the globe, it means we can do this in shifts. ;-)
when do i pick the color of the jacket i want?
thanks for holding down the fort, guys. to all new backers- please scroll down - you will more than likely find answers to all your questions in the previous comments.  please read below!
when we get to chose the color?
@david, not all payments take the same amount of time to go through, slot will depend on your bank. give it a few more days before worrying. @lee, expected delivery isn't until november at the earliest (will more than likely be later than that). the creator will send out a survey to collect your style, size, colour and address in the next week or two.
hi there. i have been asked to be collected about this project and it happened on september 5, the collection. does that mean it's coming to my mailbox soon enough? but i don't see any delivery dates.
hi there, i backed this projected but haven't been charged yet. i have seen no emails regarding rejection of payments either but cannot confirm whether i've successfully been charged for this project either. it's turned up in my "backed projects" listing though. hope you can confirm or assist me in ensuring that i do not lose my project backing placement.
@ david; agreed. regarding delivery, you may need to manage expectations. despite the best of intentions, projects frequently have unavoidable delays and delivery can slip by months. we all hope that production and delivery run smoothly, but my experiences on ks tend to show otherwise.
all things being equal, i would rather my jackets be delivered on time than have baubax in here dealing with a lot of the silly, repetitive questions that continue to be posted.  heaven only knows what kind of garbage they're having to sort through in their support e-mail account.
@ bruce, i'm sure the creators appreciate the efforts applied, it is saving them a lot of time in having to post responses. they are probably bogged down responding to those who backed a jacket and ended up with a blanket pledge only.
@ rolts. a lot of the recent issues - especially dealing with money - need to be addressed directly with baubax's support page, not here in the comments. but a few of us, such as yourself, need to continue to monitor the page. i won't be checking constantly, but i will check in from time to time. it's interesting how some of us have assumed some "ownership" of this project even though we are just backers like everyone else.
@ bruce gilliland; unfortunately many new backers are just jumping in to post their confusion re the ks process and either aren't reading updates & faq on the campaign page or the comments posted. i've seen questions about surveys posted immediately above the answer they are looking for with relatively short time intervals. big campaigns always attract a lot of new people to ks, eventually this will be a good thing for projects and creators after they learn the ropes. thanks for trying to answer so many requests for info.
@ sam phillip sandaga: if it was two separate charges, go to your cc company and contact the creator.  if there was one charge and it was almost double what you were expecting, see my comment below regarding currencies and exchange rates.
@ pauly earthling; unfortunately for we aussies, the campaign ended as our dollar tanked against the $us, so the exchange rate was pretty awful. always check the pledge amount, if it is just $ = $us, other currencies are always specified. e.g. $cad = canadian currency.
@pauly, the price you pledged was in usd. if you're not in the us you'll have to take into consideration the exchange rate.
hi my credit card was charged $75.23 over the amount i pledged - any ideas?
my credit card got charged twice for your jacket. would i have to get you guys to refund me my money or would i have to get my bank to cancel it?
re: followup survey for selecting style, color, size - this will be my last posting concerning the survey that has not yet been mailed as of sept. 6. it's unfortunate that the plans for the survey are not mentioned on the campaign page, but update 9 (the most recent) does explain that a survey will be sent after the end of the campaign. also, the answer has been posted many times in the comments since the campaign ended. so, any further questions about whether or when the survey will be done will have to be answered by someone else.
@ chu ming - please take a little  time to read the previous comments (10-12) and you will see your question answered several times.
i saw i pay for this item ? how can i choose my shirts and collar option?
i understands that kickstarter is nov and indiegogo is dec. just that got scare that their shipment will be before ours coz they get the survey 1st......was thinking whoever get the survey 1st gets their jackets 1st......
just to make sure have you had the sizing instructions sent out as of yet, yes or no?
@sharon: funds on kickstarter are only cleared 2 weeks after the project is successful. the indiegogo campaign is an indemand campaign, which is a preorder basically. that and the fact that indiegogo takes your money there and then. hence they can out the surveys quicker there after payment. either way, if you check both project pages you'll notice that indiegogo pledges ship a month later than the kickstarter ones. it all makes proper sense once you read into it properly.
@ lujv and glenn - please take a few minutes to read the earlier comments. you would have seen multiple postings stating that the survey will not be send out for several days. kickstarter has to first ensure that all backers have paid. then the money is transferred to baubax. only then can they send out surveys to those whose payments cleared.
i still have not received and email either
i was told that there was something wrong with my email address.but now my email address is working again.i hope it will not be a problem becuase i still didn't receive the survey email...
how come we are waiting for 2 weeks before they ask about design, size and colour but indiegogo they will be asking in 1 week's time??? so who will be getting the jackets 1st??? us or them??? u can check their comments in indiegogo......
@ dan wu they never stated that the stretch goals were canceled, only that they won't be having any more of them.
i am fine with the fact that baubax cancelled stretch goals that were met. however, i am unhappy with the fact that the jacket is continued to be in demand on indiegogo (another fundraising website) when there are already 44,949 backers on kickstarter. if this leads to the delay of the rewards that we early backers pledged, i will sincerely be pissed off.
trying to communicate with nearly 45k backers will be quite an adventurous game! we all have to make efforts... keep calm and read on!
@ chalee ho, no you didn't. it hasn't been sent yet! please read the comments below. "relax! take a deep breath. just wait." (saifullah raza)
i accidentally deleted the survey email from baubax...what to do ?
to newbies of kickstarter  relax! take a deep breath. just wait
kickstarter doesn't allow surveys to be sent for 2 weeks following the completion of a campagn this allows them to collect all the money from people that backed where the transaction may have been knocked back. after 2 weeks kickstarter transfers the money tot eh creator minus there fees and allows surveys to be sent. i'm not to concerned about delivery being pushed back as realisticly given the number of backers and backgrounds of member of the design team you could be rather confident that production could be started prior to survey collection and that all sizes, colors and styles would be required and production could begin with final numbers finalized once surveys are received.
@tony yhap, please read the answer to this in the comments below. it has be answered multiple times.
i know lots of people have asked, but i am really worried about not having any information regarding the email that we are supposed to receive regarding size, color, etc
@olga thank you so much. i'm just gonna ask:-p
@sarahcate - don't be worried. surveys come two to three weeks after the campaign concludes. i just got my survey for another project that finished in mid august. the creator has to get the funds first.
i know lots of people have asked, but i am really worried about not having any information regarding the email that we are supposed to receive regarding size, color, etc
please answer this question (this is my third time posting it and it keeps being ignored.) in update #5, you said "new tall sizes for women: ladies, we heard you. we will be adding the tall sizes in s and m also. give us a couple of days to update the sizing chart." http://i.imgur.com/u2fsuf4.png (screenshot) why have you not updated the size chart accordingly? when i emailed you about this, you replied that you would not actually be offering the size small and medium in tall, even though you assured us all that you would on august 5th. could you please explain? several of my friends have backed this project specifically because you promised the smaller ladies tall sizes. thank you.
i am now almost 100% confident that we won't be receiving the jacket by the promised date (before xmas) stated on the campaign page. we have yet to receive any update/information regards shipment etc. and the team is busying collecting more orders on indiegogo.. hopefully this is not a joke
so i need to know the sizes jackets to what clothes company ?? i saw it was there before.... but now it's not... i want make sure if i am right.. men bomber is on gap  women bomber is on american eagle ?? (ae)
still haven't gotten the survey yet on size and color. when are we supposed to receive the email?
@ sukino tjong; you will be sent a survey by email asking for size, colour and delivery address in 2 weeks time.
steve@ yeah i'm already pledge on kickstarter, and i paid to kickstarter already and i didn't get email to pick style volour and size so how now? thx before
ok thank you steve
if you already pledged on kickstarter you will receive an email to give your style and size. if you haven't yet ordered a jacket, you will need to go to their indiegigo page to order.
hi how can i order my prefer jacket for the colour and size please?  tq
as soon as i know this kind of jacket, i know i have to buy it, then i googled and found this website, so exciting that i will get a real jacket that belong to me with so many features.
how can the windbreaker fix on shape if everything put inside the pockets? i think the material is very soft and the windbreaker will tumble?
i almost delay my business trip schedule for baubax~~^^
congratulations,baubax*^o^*,we stand by u~
@ nigel lim, please read the posts below. survey in a couple of weeks.
@ bruce gilliland; i agree, apart from the occasional blanket query it is quiet. it will give us time to regroup for all of the inevitable delivery angst. might need to stock up on energy drinks to enable us to repost comments telling people to have patience. heavily promoted projects always attract new backers, but hey, that's how come i here. unfortunately not all read the fine print (faqs) or the comments posted, so steep learning curve for some.
has anyone got the survey email already? i know i haven't
@bruce- it has indeed gotten much quieter. hopefully the masses have understood the ks terms! also -those concerned about a survey - if you are receiving emails about updates from this campaign, then you will receive and email about a survey.  if baubax decides to use an outside survey service, like backerkit - it will be sent to the same e-mail address to kickstarter.  just keep your eyes peeled for update emails.
@audrey stielstra: thanks for giving us the heads up that our online contact form is not working. please contact us at support@baubax.com if you guys have any more questions.
two weeks
so when will the survey in my email come? just curious...
@jodi van brunt, you can't add anything to your kickstarter pledge after it has closed. your best bet would be to contact them directly and see if you can order through the indigogo site and if they'll ship them together.
i'm also looking to add blankets to my order, but can't figure out how to do so now that the campaign is over.  thanks!
just imagine you check your bank account and booya 9.2 million dollars.....congrats and enjoy ;)
@tsu yin ng you could try emailing baubax and see if you might be able to purchase them over at their indiegogo site and get everything shipped together at the same time.
i made a pledge for pack of 3 and just realised i didn't purchase the blankets( which i wanted to)... is there any way for me to still add on the blankets with free shipping despite the campaign having ended?
baubax is showing december delivery for indemand orders on indiegogo.  fingers crossed we will get ours in november.  i'm so excited, can hardly wait!
i think we might be able to get it by thanksgiving tho
@ pamela - easter comes early next year - march 27 in the western tradition - so maybe you will have it before warm weather arrives.
@bruce, although i'd like mine before the end of february, with the huge numbers of order, i'm betting on easter :)
@ rolts, melissa, pamela, steve, denise, etc. - it's gotten a lot quieter here. you either answered all their questions, or we scared them off. :) i hope all those folks who got their pledges messed up trying to order blankets can get their problems resolved. i think if they have an e-mail showing their original order, baubax can correct their orders. now, will i have christmas presents, or valentine's day gifts, for my wife and daughter?
1. your pledge is collected as soon as the campaign is over if successfully funded.  2. you can't change your pledge after the campaign is finished.  3. size, colour and delivery address information will be collected in the survey. this is when you are to be asked if the $25 amounts you added were for a blanket.  4. go back to the campaign page and read the faq.  5. sizing - there is to be an updated sizing chart - read the updates.  6. delivery times. i've backed a few ks projects and have seen delivery times stretch by months, don't be disappointed. ks is not a retail experience, you are backing product development through to manufacture stage. 7. read through the last dozen comments to see if your question has been answered recently.
hey i was curious about more of the sizes because the sizing chart says the arms for men jackets are 32 inches and that's really long. can you be more specific about how long the sleeves and the front will be please?
@stanislaus fung & chze wen 1. your pledge is collected as soon as the campaign is over if successfully funded.  2. you can't change your pledge after the campaign is finished.  3. size, colour and delivery address information will be collected in the survey. this is when you are to be asked if the $25 amounts you added were for a blanket.  4. go back to the campaign page and read the faq.  5. sizing - there is to be an updated sizing chart - read the updates.  6. delivery times. i've backed a few ks projects and have seen delivery times stretch by months, don't be disappointed. ks is not a retail experience, you are backing product development through to manufacture stage.
just read one of the comment saying i can't change my pledge. not even with top up? personally through with baubax?
hi, does anyone know if i can change my style? i initially chose sweatshirt, but i wanted to get a bomber now, is it possible to change? i don't mind topping up tho... and how long do we usually receive the email survey? this is my first backed physical project, so i'm kinda new to this stuff. please excuse me, and thanks for reading.
i pledged to buy 2 jackets but have not yet declared which models of jackets i would like, what sizes and colour etc.  will there be an opportunity for me to do so?
@ nicole mackinnon: yes, baubax will be shipping us all a few extra pen refills.
when the pen/stylus runs out of ink, will you be offering replacement pens or ink inserts?
@ marc o - on currency exchange rates - if baubax knew to end the campaign early so australians could benefit from the exchange rate at the time, then they wouldn't need to make jackets. they could just trades in currencies and make a lot more money. :) @ creator  - glad that you confirmed indiegogo page is legitimate. as i said earlier, it makes sense to continue giving people an opportunity to pre-order the jackets.
@ tony tran; the answer is no. you pledged and kickstarter collected at the end of the project as agreed when you signed on. baubax will not receive any money yet. this is not like a store where you can purchase and return for a refund. you have pledged funding to a project development. as a reward for your pledge you will receive a product produced. please go to the kickstarter homepage and read the site's faqs. you can only withdraw funding up until the final hours of the campaign, after the campaign ends, you are financially committed.
by any chance, can i withdraw from the kickstarter and get a refund? i have messaged you guys on kickstarter as well as left a comment on your facebook page.
congrats!! glad to be backing this innovative project!!!!
huehue2000
exciting how this project got supported! we're proud to be part of it.
@denise and those who are concerned about us taking pre-orders on the indemand platform by indiegogo: of course that is baubax's official page, otherwise we wouldn't redirect our kickstarter traffic to that page.
yeay!!!! two weeks right untill the survey form? cant wait... congratz guys!!!
@valencia just wanna say welcome to kickstarter mate, even if they deliver on nov u wont get it soon as they will need to ship to more than 40k backer and the order is in different size color and typw ofnjacket so by that u shud have guessed that its practically almost impossible to stick to the timeline even if they stick to timeline would take more than a month or two to ship all of them, so take it as experience and assume extra 3-4 months of delivery date to get ur stuff
@pamela feader @natalie tan a big reason why i decided to get 2 sweatshirts was to give it away as christmas gifts (as it will be just in time for travelling during the dec period) but now i'd be really disppointed if it doesnt make it :(
@ miaomiao wilson; from a previous update- women’s album: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… men’s album: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… please like our facebook page to stay updated on latest news and updates. our facebook page link: www.facebook.com/baubax
@miaomiao wilson just go facebook and in the search bar type "baubax"
@pamela feader can you provide me their fb link? thanks alot. can't wait to get this beauty.
@ melissa "taser creeper" nicole; ditto on the tiko 3d printer i backed. massive support, lot of people new to ks, same issues, confusing ks with an online store, issues re postal addresses and the survey hasn't been sent yet! thanks for the ongoing repost, it's amazing that within a comment or two, some people will request the same information without looking at the posted comments or faqs. smh
@valencia yup they took it out.  although it's expected they won't meet the november delivery date, to remove this piece of information without notifying backers is rather a disappointment.
from @rolts people who are new to kickstarter:  1. your pledge is collected as soon as the campaign is over if successfully funded.  2. you can't change your pledge after the campaign is finished.  3. size, colour and delivery address information will be collected in the survey. this is when you are to be asked if the $25 amounts you added were for a blanket.  4. go back to the campaign page and read the faq.  5. sizing - there is to be an updated sizing chart - read the updates.  6. delivery times. i've backed a few ks projects and have seen delivery times stretch by months, don't be disappointed. ks is not a retail experience, you are backing product development through to manufacture stage.
@rolts- agreed.  i helped out a lot with the exploding kittens campaign.  there was a lot of copy/pasting- with over 200k backers on that project- so many repeat questions!
is it still possible if i want to change the shipping address? -thanks-
really happy that mem-bomber is now available in red! i'm a super "red" fan so i can now get both the windbreaker and bomber in red! can't wait till they come!
beware: see comments from aug 26 re indiegogo creator baubax llc on august 26  @marc: thank you for bringing this to our notice. that's not us. our attorneys will take appropriate action. thanks again! marc oberhauser on august 26  @creator: have you started another crowdfunding campaign on indiegogo? just came across one named: "the world's best travel jacket with 15 features" the link from your own website and from kickstarter go to the indiegogo site. is it legit?
so i pledged this campaign and it is over now. what's next? when can i get to pick a size and color for my two jackets?
just keep up the great work! you will never keep all the supporters happy, no matter how hard you try! great stuff, keep it up!
@ richard lay: bear in mind that the aussie $ took a dive recently. my currency calculator comes up with actually aud185 so you actually got a good rate there mate. campaign should have ended 2or3 weeks ago, would have save us aussies quite a bit of money as the exchange rate it terrible at the moment.
when do we recieve the survey to order these jackets?
oh my bad, i had the currencies the wrong way, my bad thanks emma vile :p
@richard check the current exchange rate. the amount you've been charged is correct.
i pledged $109 + $20 shipping to australia for one item. however, i just checked my bank account, and it's charging me $184.77?? i understand that the prices are in us, but even calculating the difference between the currencies doesn't give me that big of a difference? is there other costs i'm not aware of? please help, thank you :)
@valencia, only about 25% of kickstarter projects actually get sent out on time so i wouldn't count on getting it before xmas. i'm hoping to get mine before my holiday in february :p
is it just me or did they remove the part on "just in time for christmas and thanksgiving" :( would really need it before christmas
@melissa "taser creeper" nicole; thanks! i think that this will needed to be posted every few minutes. so many backers, so few who read.
to repeat what another backer has said -  "rolts about 3 hours ago people who are new to kickstarter: 1. your pledge is collected as soon as the campaign is over if successfully funded. 2. you can't change your pledge after the campaign is finished. 3. size, colour and delivery address information will be collected in the survey. this is when you are to be asked if the $25 amounts you added were for a blanket. 4. go back to the campaign page and read the faq. 5. sizing - there is to be an updated sizing chart - read the updates. 6. delivery times. i've backed a few ks projects and have seen delivery times stretch by months, don't be disappointed. ks is not a retail experience, you are backing product development through to manufacture stage.
every backer would have received an email from kickstarter with the following line: "if baubax llc needs any information from you to send out your reward — like a mailing address or t-shirt size — they’ll send you a survey as soon as they’re ready." couldn't be clearer.
@leigh; your recollection about being charged until shipping is incorrect. all ks projects that are successfully funded, are charged to backers at the end of the campaign. this money passes to the creators to enable them to commence production. this is not an online store. you need to read the faqs on the kickstarter home page. once you pledged, you agreed to this even if you did not read all of the information provided by both kickstarter and the creators of this project.
i want to cancel my order.  i read that i wouldn't be charged until my order shipped, but you charged me the full amount today.  how do i cancel my sweatshirt?
@ merlin - please a take a minute to review the comments below yours. i have answered your question.
great call out @ toni. @ creator - is the pre order on indiegogo.com really you guys?
how/where/when do i tell you guys my size and color that i want ?
to those that want to make additions or believe they have messed up orders, you need to understand that baubax does not collect the money directly.  a third party collects the money, takes a cut for themselves and kickstarter, and then gives the rest to the project sponsor.  with pledging over there is no real good way to make changes as the kickstarter system is not set up for that.  as others have pointed out, this is not an online store.
@ the folks who won't look through the recent comments or the faq - each backer will receive a survey form via e-mail in about two weeks. you can list your jacket style (based on your selection), color and size. please see the campaign page for colors and sizing charts. you can also indicate that you ordered one or more blankets. just so everyone is clear on this, you will find similar comments made about 8-9 times today in these comments.
@ people with "lost" jackets - with only blankets check through your e-mails to find the e-mail from baubax showing your initial pledge. it should show your jacket order. you likely also have an e-mail showing the "change" to the blanket. if you have the original e-mail showing you did order one or more jackets, that could help with work with baubax support in trying to resiolev your problems.
hey from chile, i was wondering how can we pick size & colour...
@ don s - didn't mean to leave you out. do the same as allison.
@ allison - you need to contact support at www.baubax.com. it sounds like you replaced your jacket order with the blanket. you need to talk with baubax to see if they can resolve this for you. unfortunately many, many people did the same thing.
thanks for the awesome work, we're looking forward to the jackets! we ordered the early bird 2 blazer + one other as well as two blankets but our order only shows the jackets. i did add the extra money on to the final price as instructed but it only shows the jackets?
@rolts you forgot number 7..... 7. try to read through at least the last dozen comments to see if your question has been recently answered.
beware:  see comments from aug 26 re indiegogo creator baubax llc on august 26 @marc: thank you for bringing this to our notice. that's not us. our attorneys will take appropriate action. thanks again! marc oberhauser on august 26 @creator: have you started another crowdfunding campaign on indiegogo? just came across one named: "the world's best travel jacket with 15 features"  http://igg.me/at/elclmdgtcdo.  very short campaign page with almost no text, but the picture is from your site even names baubax within the picture. founder appears to be someone named matic visocnik. this person is not listed as part of your team.  could you please clarify.
hey, i was wondering how can we pick size & colour...
@allison did you change your tier without changing your pledge amount?  like did you click on the blanket tier?
hi there - i placed an order for a jacket and then added on a blanket - however only the blanket is showing up in my order history -- just wanted to figure out how i can make sure i am getting both the jacket and blanket as i have been charged for both.
@ kris nate - with the campaign ended, the only way right now to buy a blanket is to go to www.indiegogo.com and look for the baubax travel jacket page. they are taking pre-orders for jackets and blankets - at slightly higher prices than what was offered here.
how can i order add a blanket for $25?
@rolts- thank you for taking the time to write that out for anyone new to ks. i think number 6 can't be stressed enough!
repeat......... to anyone interested they said on their fb page that the surveys should be out in 2 weeks.
people who are new to kickstarter: 1. your pledge is collected as soon as the campaign is over if successfully funded. 2. you can't change your pledge after the campaign is finished. 3. size, colour and delivery address information will be collected in the survey. this is when you are to be asked if the $25 amounts you added were for a blanket. 4. go back to the campaign page and read the faq. 5. sizing - there is to be an updated sizing chart - read the updates. 6. delivery times. i've backed a few ks projects and have seen delivery times stretch by months, don't be disappointed. ks is not a retail experience, you are backing product development through to manufacture stage.
when do we get to complete our surveys and order our jacket sizes, etc.? this was the one thing i kept wanting to know whenever i opened one of your emails so i wouldn't miss the chance to order my products. sure would be nice to get a survey date? sorry to see so many complaints. maybe people are only coming here now to complain? that doesn't mean these complaints represent all of us. i liked to look at products you recommended. the desk had many features like your jacket, and i actually considered it. just not my price point for what it was. sharing with friends, not unreasonable. i understood the push for last-minute sales. could drive down cost per item, so useful. people who see it as greedy don't understand all the investments that are necessary for you to continue making products. it's also important to note most customers aren't posting comments. best feedback you get will be when the products are received. make sure to follow up with us on that, especially about our free upgrades. don't understand how they can call that greedy when you went through the trouble to give us more. my perception is that you've been kind and recognized us and we have worked together as a team. i don't get that from any retail store.
@debbie your best bet would probably to reach out to the creator at support@baubax.com other wise my suggestion would be to head over to their indiegogo page and buy the blankets you need over there. i think i remember someone saying everything purchased over there will be ~1 month behind all the ks product.
i really wanted to order the blankets to go with my jackets but didn't get it figured out before the end. can i add them to my order during the survey and have them shipped together with my jackets? being able to communicate by e-mail would be nice.  i don't know if you responded to my previous query before the finish of the project since there are 100's of comments to scroll through. i couldn't find your reply.
thank you so much everyone. we are so excited to get funded! :d we are working on a very detailed update that we plan to send out tomorrow. we'll try to answer all your questions with details about the next steps. feel free to post your questions here or send a direct message. we'll try to answer all of them through our next update.
@blake btw, ur usd228--->>>aud325 (today's rate)
@blake kickstarter does not convert ur pledge to aud for u, they will just collect ur pledge amount in usd. when u get ur bank credit card statement then it will be in aud.
@daniel, are you in the usa? the amount pledged is in usd so there would have been a conversion, my $228 quickly turned into $315 after it was converted into aud. also as the capital revenue grew so did there ability to use larger factories to produce the jackets. i wouldn't worry to much about them over reaching as i'm sure they had planned all this from the start to be able to accommodate for any number of jackets, remember they are looking at mass producing these worldwide for shops, the idea of this is to fund the initial steps to get the product out. while everyone see's them as being greedy with the last push, its a business they wan't to make sure they have as much capital as possible in order to deliver the highest quality product at the quickest time frame
to anyone interested they said on their fb page that the surveys should be out in 2 weeks.
does anyone know what service they will be using to ship the jackets? usps, fedex, ups?  i tried going to their webpage and contacting them but every time i clicked to enter my message it redirected me to a nonexistent facebook page.
@daniel, how were you overcharged? did you change your reward tier and forget to change your pledge amount?
@daniel, how were overcharged??? did you change your pledge tier and forget to adjust your pledge amount?
hi has anyone else been overcharged? really disapointing!
@ viviana g. - baubax should send out a survey, hopefully in the next week or so, where you can  submit your style (based on your selection), color and size. you will also indicate whether you paid for a blanket. they may request mailing information then, or they may send another e-mail later to obtain delivery data.
when the mail sent to the sizes and model data ?? and to add the blanket for i paid?? thanks you so much your product is amazing!!!! i cant wait!!!!
serina re: version 2.0!...many would like the life/vest feature...have a fully packed parachute attached to your jacket... genius! i love both ideas...the parachute jacket would never be space efficient enough to be a normal jacket, but if it could, every person who flies commercial would want one! so many crashes in recent years. love your life vest idea too.
when will the survey emails go out asking our size/color and asking if the extra $25 was for a blanket
@ gerhard. you should have gotten two emails from baubax at the e-mail address on your kickstarter account telling you that the project had been funded and telling you that your credit card was charged.
i would not really say the campaign has moved to indigogo.  they seem to be using the site in place of an online store.  pricing is still being offered at a discount but not to the same level as here (and those backers seem to be second in line). for those of you asking to make changes, you need to e-mail support@baubax.com.  the pledge campaign is over, funds are being collected.  my understanding is that it will be very difficult to make any changes at this point.  you will most likely be directed to the indiegogo site if you want to place an additional order.
@lia the only indiegogo project i have ever backed was axent wear (cat ear headphones). it was successfully funded november 2014 and they're saying shipping will be november 2015. :/
@judi, if you're asking about the 4 pack from the email, it was an offer open during the campaign.
how do i order the pack of four jackets????
well, i ended up on the indegogo site. not cool. i funded one project on there 2 years ago, still haven't gotten it so i won't fund on indegogo. also, i believe that the kickstarter campaign stated that the blanket would be 25 and on indegogo it is 29. all the prices on indegogo are higher......
@pranay they will send out a survey to collect you size, colour and style choices along with your shipping address.
can i get the xxl blue blazer
how can i add another one onto my pledge or since the campaign is over is that not possible? also, i saw it is possible to add on the blanket, when will that happen?
i ordered a bomber jacket as well as a travel jacket. just wanted to make sure both orders went through
@rita @ john - i knew it could not go beyond the time set. but i felt that there were still people who would want the jackets. i didn't realize until later that the campaign had moved to indiegogo. actually, i backed the project about 6 weeks ago. i got one of the (not so early) early bird specials.
will the email be from kickstarter to ask for our information? i want to make sure i receive it if it's not from kickstarter..
what material is the blanket made out of?
how do i choose my size?
there are a lot more pictures on their facebook page, if you're able to view those.  hopefully it will help with your decision making!
hi!. i'm still unsure which jacket to pick. will you be releasing more detailed pictures / videos / specs about the jackets before we actually have to make a decision? thank you!
does anyone know if they do regular audits of their factories in asia? i jumped the gun and backed it today because i thought it was such a great idea at such a great price, but i am ready to pull out if it looks like they are not doing what they can to make sure there are standards in place to protect the rights of their workers.
@bruce once they set up the time their campaign is to run on kickstarter they cannot change it; so even if they wanted to extend it a little longer, they wouldn't be able to. as for indiegogo; they probably set that up for the people who missed out on the kickstarter so they don't have to wait for them to go to retail or having to pay for the retail price (and the retail price, which is clearly listed here on kickstarter, is higher than the ks or indiegogo pricing.)
@bruce gilliland, how much longer did you want?  the campaign has been running since july.  everyone has had over a month to back the campaign.
to everyone that replied to my query. thanks. i was just making sure as my bank sent me a text message to confirm the transaction. it's a new security feature they have adopted. i phoned them up and confirmed that they sent the message. it all seemed a bit strange at first but all sorted now. thanks for the info
as the clock ticked down, i though it would be nice of they could keep it going for a while longer because i was sure not everyone got to order in time. little did i know that they were moving the campaign to indiegogo - at higher prices of course. but it does mean they can keep raising funds and allowing others to participate.
hi. seem to have missed the deadline to increase my pledge to include 2 blankets as well. is there still a way to do this?
i got an e-mail saying i could up my pledge to a 4 pack, but i don't seem to be able to do that. will that possible at the price indicated ($459) in the e-mail when the final order thing comes out?
@rudy kickstarters terms are "when a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers." and failure to do so is basically "creator explains what they did with the money, and technically should refund backers if they don't want to be subject to legal action by backers" this campaign was covered by the media and social media... it would probably covered world wide if they failed. the last update made them sound greedy, not fake. i found out about this on facebook too.
congrats !! heres the question, when and where can i choose the size and color and other stuffs?
to the skeptics on this comment feed:  we do not have any real way to verify if any campaigns are "fake". kickstarter doesn't provide a system for this. this is an investment platform. you are counting on baubax llc to do what they promised. deadlines are frequently missed on ks projects. this is why you were offered a discount on their product, because you are helping to create something that doesn't exist yet. by and large most ks project will fulfill as promised, however. so things look good. especially when you have a company that is as well put together as this one.
blazer, you can never be dress too much! or like barney would say: suit up!
ugh, now the hard part. windbreaker or bomber, bomber or windbreaker... :p
congratulations to you, and congratulations to me!
@horada haha..cos i do see a few where the "creator" just create a campaign taken from somewhere just to get the money, and seeing the last update.......guess we'll jus have to trust this then..lol
hi, is that now too late for me add a blanket to my pledge?
@curtis the sizes available are on the sizing chart on the campaign page.
one question that i have is in regards to the sizes.  i am a 4x-5x male and want to know if these sizes will be available?
so stoked!! bought one for my pops, whose currently traveling in africa, one for hubby and two for me! and a blanket cause i always get cold! yay! literally cannot wait! congrats! this will go great with my trunkster luggage! ha!
yay the project was completely funded! i am totally excited and cannot wait for november 2015. for those of you who want to purchase additional items the project is now on indiegogo-taking pre-orders for a december 2015 delivery.
@rita thanks for the confirmation! :] @derik assuming your current reward level is for the jacket you wanted and then you added $25 on top of that amount, you should be golden.
@william taggart no, kickstarter takes your money the moment the campaign ends and gives it to the project creators (baubax) @rudy i'd seriously hope not, but it shouldn't be. kickstarter isn't dodgy, they are just the middle person between you and the project creators. at this point, it is up to the creators since it has been funded.
so i'm hoping i did the backing right in order to get the pocket blanket.. i selected what one i wanted and added $25 to it. so i'm guessing i'll find out whenever this ships.. hopefully before my birthday in nov.
kickstarter starts collecting money as soon as the pledge period ends.  this is detailed in the site faq.  surveys are an optional tool that projects can use to collect information on rewards.
@john, you are correct.  william must be a newbie.  i have been supporting kickstarter projects fro about 2 years. the money is always taken as soon as the fundraising campaign ends.
@william that's incorrect. as soon as the campaign has ended (assuming it was successful) kickstarter will start collecting the money "owed" from the card you backed with. there is actually a 2 week period between when the campaign ends and when kickstarter actually forwards the money to the creator. the money will almost always be collected before the surveys are sent out, i believe (someone correct me on anything i'm incorrect about).
i jumped into this campaign at the last min and now i'm worried that this could be a hoax/fake product. how do i know it's not? really excited for the blazer though
urgent! i know this is probably nothing but my bank just texted me that baubax took the pledge amount from my bank account. i was under the impression that the money was taken at the time of the poll when i choose the sizes, colours etc.. can someone set me straight on this?
haven't my confirmation email... anyone know whom i must contact to? thx~
great! 4 hours before the end i have read about this the first time. can't wait for my windbreaker or bomber. haven't decided yet, though i wanted a sweater ;)
i completely forgot to add a blanket! will i be able to add a blanket later?
@pulis emil no problem @betty "we will be asking you if you bought a blanket as an add on in the survey we send after the campaign" is what baubax stated.
what can be said but wow!!!!! congrats guys!
i'm very excited for my red windbreaker!!!
@betty you specify the add-ons in the survey later.
congratulations! i cannot wait to receive the jackets! i do have one question: the confirmation email i received only included the jackets i backed, but not the blanket. the amount is both levels together, though. will i need to do anything to make sure that all will be shipped?
thanks horada!
@landis major anything to do with shipping address, colours, size, etc they will send out a survey to fill in via email.
when i offered to help with the project, i don't remember giving you my jacket size.   how do we do that so you send the correct size?
@victor quach you'll need to email baubax about that.
where's my jacket? (just kidding.) congratulations on a huge launch.
@pulis emil they will send out a survey to everyone to get your shipping details.
oops. just realized i backed the wrong level. is it possible to change my pledge to "early bird - pack of 2 blazer + 1 other style"?
how do we get our stuff?  do they just know our address and sizes from our credit card info?  not sure how this kickstarter works.
congrats baubax!!!!! i am stoked for my bomber jacket :)
congrats baubax! quick question- design of the bomber jackets for men and women are different, right? also, it seems like color for men's and women's jackets looks different in the video and pictures (i am not sure if it's just me or brightness in picture...) or is the guy in the featured video wearing black bomber jacket? thanks! :)
@mark gray: look up exploding kittens, they raised over 8.7m, with an initial goal of 10k. there probably won't be any beating that in the near future.
i am a little disappointed.  i am a larger gal...and i know how banana republic fits me...as in...it doesn't.  i guess i am going to have to order the men's cut of the blazer as the sizes for the women's are not going to suffice.  i would have expected up to an 18 or maybe a 20 would have been in the initial offering.  just not what i had hoped to see.  :-(  i had wanted this for myself as i travel a bit for work but now it appears it will be relegated to a gift.
hmm now to pick a color - i'm thinking charcoal for my sweatshirt :)
you did it!  look forward to my sweatshirt.  it'll be perfect for cat shows, when hands are so full.
congrats to baubax team.. waiting for my jackets..
@bryan u-vin lol, i'll just stick to the $449 pack of 4 that i have, which makes it $112.25 each. and even + the shipping and 1 blanket it is still $127.25 each. one of each type.
can't wait to get it and see all those great features for myself! congrats baubax
congratulations !
just like to add suggestions for first time backers here : 1) if you pledge something and the final confirmation wasn't the thing you pledge, double check on your kickstarter account and see if it is the one you pledge (wanted). if not, contact the creator - send them a msg here on kickstarter. 2) for those that accidentally replace their pledge amount due to wanting to add the $25 blanket and pledge became just the blanket and original pledge is gone - contact creator too. 3) for those that want to change their pledge - usually is hard but can request from creator to see if there is any exception. 4) those who pledge on here but wanted another one, your best choice i think would be to pledge the one on indiegogo.  https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/world-s-best-travel-jacket-with-15-features-baubax#/story 5) for those asking about the survey (color choice, size etc) - usually survey will be release by creator when everything is sort  out and prepared for manufacturing. from experience, it wont be too soon, like this few days or near weeks. u probably gonna receive the survey maybe end of september or mid october :) hope it does helps answering some backers question
congratulations to baubax company ! regard form hong kong philip chu
so excited
blazer hype! haha man now my life will seem incomplete until november, but that's alright as i also have something to look forward to :)
congratulations to all
congratulations guys!
i suspect '45960% funded' could be close to some kind of kickstarter record!
someone posted the advertising video on facebook this afternoon. saw the video and googled (knew it would be on kickstarter or indiegogo for something like this), straight pledge mine :d well *counting my remaining money i left* tt___tt
woohoooo!
wooohooooottsss!! so excited!! can't wait to receive this super cool jacket!! thank you everyone for backing this project. :)
i want to add a second bomber to pledge, can i do that?
can't wait to get my bomber! perfect winter jacket, really hoping for no delays!
i'm curious, is there any chance of changing from a bomber to a blazer?  i'm happy with my bomber, but the more i was thinking about it, the more i think i'd like a blazer.  if not, i'll still be happy, but can't hurt to ask.
@melissa smith u might hv replace ur funding amount to $25 when u tried to add the $25. you need to contact creator for adjustment probably @raoul j comaduran yes! usually the process goes like this. creator finalized the design for all. show us the actual product. then around end of oct or nov, we receive a survey for the specific info. so don't worry, you will receive updates on it on ur email ;)
indiegogo is more expensive!!! we all got a better deal!!!! ok.... now let us just wait................and wait.....................and wait................................material coming in........................machine all at work....................qc checking............................packing.........................shipping out to all backers!!!!!!!
just spent 500.00 dollars. when do i give you sizes and colors for my four jackets?
so excited and happy! congrats! cant wait to this.
@raoul yeah, you'll get an email from kickstarter asking you to fill out a "survey" to detail the needed info (ie style, size, color, address....)
can't wait for the bomber! had my college-bound, world-traveling daughters in mind for this one.
@bryan clicking on the "pre-order now!" button takes you there.
we are so excited! november please come fast....
so do we just sick back and wait for them to contact us about shipping address, sizes and colors? sorry, first time funding something so not sure what happens next
woohoo!  so happy this is a "go" for all of us!
eek! i went to add on the blanket to my pledge and it removed the blazer!!! help!
so excited for baubax--and for me!  i can't wait to see the jacket in person and try it out.  i travel a lot, and this will help keep me more organized, streamlined, and it will be such a stress-reliever.
@andrew rossiter link to indiegogo campaign u mention?
free shipping would be nice!!!
o.m.g!!! congratulations everyone!!! have soooo been wishing for it come true! well done!
@horada - thanks for the suggestion.  just sent them an e-mail via the contact.  hopefully, we can get this straightened out, with it just now ending.
congratulations!
yay i'm part of clothing history!!!
@serena i agree esp if the $600k was reached that was in the project update #9. a discount on a future order or free ship sounds great!!!!!!!!!!
so excited!
congrats!!!! i can't wait to receive my bomber jacket!!! it'll be perfect for my trip to scotland in december!!!
don't understand.. why is it now on indiegogo and says the amount raised is the same amount that was on kickstarter?
did anyone else back for the bomber and just get a confirmation letter for the sweatshirt? i'm so stoked for the bomber jacket!
congrats!! i'm so excited and can't wait to get my hands on that jacket!!
me too!!!!!!!! help! i got the 5-jacket package (i have the e-mail), but the completion e-mail today stated only that i supported with a $30 donation (for the blanket). wth????? how do i get my 5-jacket package back?????
@melody october may you'll need to contact baubax via email, sounds like you changed your pledge to the blanket instead of the jackets. funding is over now, you can't change it yourself since the campaign just finished.
@melody: use the "contact me" button to send them a message
help!  i got the 5-jacket package (i have the e-mail), but the completion e-mail today stated only that i supported with a $30 donation (for the blanket).  wth????? how do i get my 5-jacket package back?????
congrats, baubax team! cannot wait to get my jacket in november. :)
i wonder how many people were trying to get their order processed when time ran out. maybe those who started were allowed to finish. the counter added 4 after the clock hit 0. 413 new pledges in the last hour. also, i suspect a few people logged in just a little too late. now, the waiting begins.and the survey. i assume we will get updates about progress.
i was hoping the $188 or $208 windbreaker and bomerbomer would have dropped out. one jacket is better than none
yeah!!!! so happy to have found and backed this projects! congratulations baubax creators!
@rudy so you're the one who beat me to it! :c
i'll bet it's like new years eve at their office right now,  counting down,  watching the final moments and the sudden surge of backers... and popping open some bubbly. congrats!!
yeah, its unfortunate that some people waited until the very last minute to back out of their pledges.  it seems there were quite a few of us trying to move up into eb reward tiers.
take my money!
i got a blazer eb1!!!! yesh!! thanks whoever dropped that
congrats!
eb#2 blazer is still open :p
wow, that went really well. congrats :d
times up!!! congrats everyone!!!!
60 sec to go :) .....
��
i know there aren't anymore stretch goals but for hitting 9mil, maybe we can get discounted or free shipping? lol a girl can dream =)
@pamela nope, i've been trying to snag a blazer at eb pricing (just got lucky with an eb #2) i consider it time well spent :]
@creators, i'm a bit concerned with the pillow size too; perhaps have them scale with the jacket sizes, or just have a bigger one that can inflate all the way up to the size of those big foamy neck pillows
omg!!! i wanted the the dash by bragi and it cost $299, which i felt too overpriced. and here i am spending almost the same price for 2 jacket t_t
@pamela: thanks! there are just too many comments to trawl through at this juncture. i presumed someone had answered it earlier but the thought of searching :d
@pamela i'm hoping baubax will give sudden discount for pack of 6 lower than $669!!! lol
last 10 mins!!!!
@daryl: they've said the pens will come with a couple refills and that they will take the regular small refills.
there is a sweatshirt at $119!!!! nobody taking???
just an after thought: i presume there is an easy solution to refilling the ink in the pen once all used? i also hope it doesn't cost an arm and or a leg :p
am i the only refreshing and hoping i can grab my jacket at a cheaper cost? :)
for all you number nerds - in the past two days there was a net gain of about 7,390. almost 4,200 of that was in the past 24 or so hours. and we still have 60 minutes. that's about 6-7 times more per day than about two weeks ago.
@creator will the hood on the bomber be fleece lined? i hope so.  looking forward to quick response with updated pictures of products, measurements, and news of delivery.  congratulations!
@moeno the chart says all sizing is in inches
i’ve stayed in until the end hoping that somehow, some way, the creators would offer the double zipper on at least one style (bomber), but it hasn’t happened, so….sorry to dropl my eb2. thanks to creator who made a special effort to help me fix a problem with my pledge - but after much thought i decided i just can’t go for it "as-is".  i’ve had double zips for many years and like them too much to get a travel jacket without it.  good luck to all.
@axi, yes you are responsible for any customs fees
don't know if anyone knows this, but if i'm in canada and order a jacket, will i have to pay any duties or custom fees?
thank you all of you! i did it:):)
@sarah: in the bar just above the comments, on the far right, you should see manage your pledge, click on that. on the next screen, there will be a green outlined box with your pledge amount in green numbers. to add the blanket, add $25 to that amount. then in the bottom of the screen there is a continue button where you can confirm the amount you are pledging, click that and double check the amounts, then confirm and you are good to go. when the survey comes out, it will  ask if you added for a blanket, or more than one. hopefully that helps(if i could post screenshots i would).
@sarah - see the top of this page? it shows what amount you've pledged. there should be a button next to that with the text "manage". click that.  near the top of the next screen will be a dollar amount (what you had already pledged for the jackets). add $25 to that amount and type it into the field.  then hit "continue to next step". and then finalize. done!
@sarah b. to change an existing pledge to add a blanket click;  -> manage  -> look at the pledge amount $number (eg: total pledge $484 for the pack of 4 - $449 [jackets] + $35 [shipping])  -> add $25 extra for each single blanket on top of that pledge amount that you want.  -> confirm  you will then receive an email from kickstarter which details what you have backed and the total updated $number you have currently pledged. unless you actually want to pledge for the blanket only, more or less jackets, don't scroll down and click the blanket only option. you will loose your existing pledge.
anyone knows if the measurement charts are in inches or cm and all around or just pit to pit?
hey all, thank you so much for your responses. nevertheless i don't understand how to do it. i have to go on my contribution then click on manage then add the only item at 25 $ ?
i'm also really confused. when i go to edit my pledge amount to add the blanket $25, hit confirm, it pops up showing the $129 for my pledge + 10 for shipping (which i thought was included in the pledge prices???)
@sarah u have to add the blanket now. go to manage pledge and add $25 to ur pledge amount. do not click onto the blanket itself. look for the $ to change it. it's on top.
sorry, i meant $25
@sarah b. - you just up the pledge amount by $20 and they'll include it.
@sarah b. you need to add $25 per blanket you want to your existing pledge before the funding ends in 2 hours. do not scroll down and click blanket, you will loose your existing pledge if you do that.
@ sarah b. to add for a blanket after you've done your pledge go to manage you pledge and manually add $25 more to what it has as your pledge. example 100(pledge with shipping already added) + 25 = 125. make sure you don't click  the option it has for the blanket as it well de-select the pledge of jacket you wanted.
wow, 9m! that is awesome. i agree with ollie hon. the neck pillow looks a little on the small side. it needs to hold more volume or else people are gonna end up with crook necks after falling asleep on one of these. perhaps, the team can consider a way to increase the volume while still maintaining the easy inflation/deflation. looking at the sheer numbers on order, i'd expect delays. hopefully, they're reasonable and managed well without compromise to quality. i think people would rather a reasonable delay on a quality product than sub-quality and rushed out to meet a timeline.
you have to stop and think for a second.. all that they asked for was 20,000 !!!!!! :))
@bruce gilliland i backed exploding kittens and that came on time for me - was my first one i backed though :)
@bruce, thank you for the clarification. i have never been asked if i wanted a blanket. can i add it in the survey?
@ sarah - you will get a survey via e-mail in a few days. it will ask for your style (based on your selection), color and size. also, you will note if you ordered a blanket.
@ terry - a few of us have said in earlier comments that we should not expect the jackets until at least the first of the year. i have backed a number of projects and i have not seen one come in on time, my rule of thumb for decades for new projects has been - take your original (time) estimate and double it.
i don't see this project breaking 3rd place most funded.. that would require about another $1.44 mill odd in 2 hours to beat that.
is it normal that after i chose to buy 2 jackets there was no question asked on what jacket, size and color i wanted? i have never been asked either to provide a delivery address.
9m. damn
congrats on 9 mil!!!! :)
really? last post was 19 hour ago
see you all next year....delays do happen on kickstarter,,,but you will not hear this till the project is funded....i hope im wrong,,,but ,,,lets see
whoop!!! $9,000,000.00!!!
2hr to go with $15k to $9m that's awesome
hello everyone... we have been promptly responding to the messages on kickstarter. incase you have any queries please message us directly to get a quick response.
it's  so hot.....
the creators don't seem to be very active in the comments....that's a mistake...too bad the campaign is all but over.
@fazlee: i think there'll be some bloodletting in the next three hours ! stand clear ...
for any people that this is their first time on kickstarter....kickstarter projects are notoriously late. it's not really the fault of the project creators, it's just how things go in manufacturing. kickstarter in essence gives you a peak behind the curtain as it were. normally when buying something like this in retail you wouldn't have any idea the product was late shipping. so, i guess i am just warning some of you...don't be disappointed or surprised if it ends up late.
argh i was gonna get the $228 blazer + 1 other, was 1 left and before i could confirm it, it was gone :(
hey anyone up for taking the early bird #2 for a windbreaker or bomber? my gf managed to gethe an awesome deal on her kickstarter account for 2 :d so i'm going to have to drop my current pledge. good luck on getting my spot! in advance congratulations to the person who manages to grab my spot! ;)
hi @tony, i trust bau & bax and their team to do their best to deliver us the quality and timeliness they have promised throughout their campaign. as the backer numbers have increased, they have indicated that they have consulted with their suppliers to deliver on time. of course, this is subject to some unknowns, so there may be delays. personally, i'm hoping there's not, as the november delivery date is important to me. but if it's not delivered to me (in aus) by the end of november i'll just be happy to receive it when i get back in january. three hours to go ...
any takers for the early bird #2 for a windbreaker or bomber? my gf managed to get a better deal on her kickstarter account for 2. so i'm going ton have to drop my pledge.
with such an unexpected massive amount of orders.. you guys can live up to the high standard quoted by y'all or not.. please do not disappoint the massive backers behind y'all and hopefully can deliver by due date and quality mentioned on the campaign.
@ steve; agree 100%
so many nay-sayers in the final hours of the campaign! also, a few conspiracy theorists want to make some confusion ... and one or two dramatically pull out their pledge. it's a great-looking product with a very engaging development team; why wouldn't it succeed?
@ame, david mortimer and harada; the creators have been very clear from very early in the project that the idea of a free blanket is not viable. considering some tiers are from $89, how do you see giving away a $25 blanket being viable? sure a lot of money is being pledged, but the margins as a % have not changed that much. they still have to produce these items, add on the previous stretch products such as the scoop gloves and mail out.
how are they gonna finish this huge no. of orders before christmas?!!!!!
@ame & david mortimer: despite thousands of backers saying the blanket should be free (and i agree too) they already say they're not going to because "it will compromise the quality of the blanket" even if it was another stretch goal - which no more stretch goals apparently. i can only suggest looking at update #9 for how they feel right now.
@ollie hon that was one of my first thoughts when i watched the video.
does anybody else thinks the inflatable neck pillow is too small to actually sleep comfortably on it?
wow.. crazy last hours!! congrats!!
pretty sure free blanket is out of the question, but something that actually improves on the quality of the jacket may be realistic.  the waterproof ipad pocket perhaps... or something else, who knows.  the issue with the free blanket is all those people that already paid for a blanket.  and, that is a lot of blankets to make and send out for free.
agreeing with a few other people, an extra couple million should be enough to add at least one other feature, like making the ipad pocket waterproof, or a free blanket. that's a /lot/ of extra money.
@ vishal - yes. just be care when editing your pledge. you must manually add $50 to your pledge amount and enter that value in the amount field.
if you hit 8.9 or 9m by the time it ends, you seriously should find a way to do the rfid pockets or some other good stretch goal, either make the blanket free for everyone or add colors. something. you've reached 8.9m. that's massive!
i pledged for two items. if i add $50 dollars to my total will they send the two blankets?
@ andreas renggli, you can't just add another item. you need to find the reward tier that has a blazer and a sweater, then pledge for that. this means you cancel your current pledge. this doesn't work like a store checkout.
@andreas: you should change your pledge to $269 blazer +1
hey there i pledged for a blazer for $149, but would like to add a sweater... how should i proceed?  best regards andreas
could it hit $9m in 4 hrs? i think so...
@selena so what tier did you move in to? i thought u left the 208 tier?
@laurensius. i've been waiting forever for that one too. lol
@serena i wish somone for 188 tier would back out lol
just let go of my $208 pledge. hope someone who wanted it takes it! =)
freeing up a pack of 5, philippine customs is corrupt so i'm worried that they might make me add more than 300$ for tax and stuff making it the same as the retail price after release... and after release might have more colors.. so yeah... pack of 5 up for grabs.
large chunk of pledge money going into spamming : http://crowdfundingheadlines.com/funded-today-funds-your-project-or-you-pay-0/
was excited about this campaign at the beginning, now i'm hating it. spammy greedy people.
will we be able to divert payment to a later date? eg our salary payout date but still proceed with the order?
oooppsss... saw the wrong thing... i will stay with mine instead :) thanks for sharing sharon :)
hi https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/517853494, it seems like the pledge cannot be change to cheaper ones as l can't change mine...
would appreciate more pictures of bomber jacket the ones that are currently shown are extremely limited
i've brought the pack of 2 sweatshirts, i know i can get any colour/size combination but can i also get one female and one male shirt?
i find this "funded today" nonsense kind of despicable. i think it flies in the face of what kickstarter is made for. so there is an early bird #2 blazer about to be available. have at it if you don't mind that that this campaign has been "aggressively market[ed]" by professionals.
everybody should check the campaign page!!! some early birds are letting go of their pledge!!! the fastest finger can change to a cheaper pledge!!! and they also added a last day offer of the 4 packs!!! hope they add a last day offer for 6 packs that is cheaper than $669!!!!!
hi, a few minutes ago i managed to change my pledge to a usd208 for package for 2 jackets. upon logging in again i see that the pledge is being reverted back to usd249 package. can you please help?
$50,000.00 and this will bypass exploding kittens for 4th highest funded kickstarter project!
@ickuo nope you dont need to, they will ask you druring survey
letting go of my early bird # 2 pledges the baubax - blazer: available in any size of your choice. reason: im out of money to spend lol
@fiona khoo, go to manage your pledge, adjust the amount by adding an extra $25 for each blanket you want. do not select the blanket pledge, you will lose your jackets. if unsure read the faq on adding a blanket, it's on the bottom of the campaign page.
there's a last minute spam-like hard push by their marketing company that takes a whopping 35% cut of the pledge amount here. i'm not sure if they'll be able to delivery 40k+ pledges of goods in time like this. simply said, this is disgusting.
how do i add the blanket to my existing pack of 2 bomber jacket?
@billy hui: you just saved me $20 ^_^ thank you sir.
@ evelyn tan: shipping charges are calculated automatically when you make your pledge, they are added to the tier you are backing.
@ evelyn tan: my understanding is that you can only make one pledge per project. if you wanted to make a second pledge you may need to get someone else to do it on your behalf.
i have noticed some early bird 1 or 2 are either leaving or joining other pledge, so it's a good time to refresh your page for some early bird luck.
hi, can i pledge for 2 different package then under a single id ? 1 for the single jacket and another 1 for the 2 jacket package? can that be done? what will be the shipping charges like ? thanks.
@laurensius, thanks for your rapid reply and kind share. one more question, should we notice them after we do this?
@ickuo correct i did the same thing as well, so im on early bier tier $208 +25(shipping)+25(blanket)= $258
does it mean i just add as many blankets value to my pledge? i chose pack of 3, 389 usd in total, and 419 with shipping. so while i manage my pledge, i add 75 usd(3 blankets) , and pay 494 usd? is that right?
@serin: they've commented before that they don't have prototypes of the jackets in all the colours. @jane: i'd suggest you use the"contact us" button and contact baubax directly since it would be very easy for them to miss a comment here
steve that is more that my original pledge for the blazer plus the new pledge for the bomber.  :(
how abt a 360 degree view of all the products
@jayne: you need to pledge for the $269 blazer + 1.
hi there, i pledged $129 plus postage for a blazer on july 23 and tried to add a bomber jacket today (september 3) but instead of adding the bomber to the blazer order, the bomber replaced the blazer order and now i cannot order the blazer for the price i ordered in july. is there any way to add the blazer back to the order as that is what i really wanted? thanks
as with many others, i would really like to see a jacket "fully loaded", preferably in a video, but at least in a photo. i would also like to see the women's black windbreaker jacket as there is no picture of this anywhere. in fact, here's a thought, how about combine the two requests and show us a fully laden women's windbreaker in black (front, back and side views please)!
with over 40,000 units can you deliver on time ?
@nu nu, there are 15 pockets. i think one of them may be able to hold your keys.
@nunu: in the video the guy puts his keys in the front right pocket, so i guess that's the "keys" pocket ;-|
hi, i am not sure on the blazer sizing chart. as there is no calvin klein shop nearby and i couldn't get the sizing. may i know how am i measure my size so that i could choose other jacket options if the blazer size are not fit.
i'm confused on my size for the  the sizing chart. i'm short, my sleeve length is about 26-27inches. with 36 inch when  measured around my body at the waist and 37 1/2 bust when measured around my body at bust. not sure what size that is based on this chart.
please find a place for us to put our keys!! it's the only thing missing!!
stop spam-mails!!  i dont want 3 mails in 24h from you!
oh yeah, just passed ouya to be #5
i'm confused, there is a comment about each style coming in only 3 colors but the blazer only comes in 2?
i wont be able to pay until the 20th of september because i've had an emergency come up. may i still donate and just have it processed on the 20th when my next paycheck comes in?
what is the material of the blanket?  thank you.
@sumquodsum yea i'm aware, i'm not planning to use my jacket as a carry-on lol it's just that if it sags down like any other sweatshirt then it sort of defeats the purpose of this project being the world's best travel jacket if you know what i mean.. :/ and for me it doesn't make sense for them to not post pictures of each jacket worn fully loaded because more people would be convinced by it
the campaign passed the $8.5 million mark with 13 hours left to go.
@ jason - glad you solved it. as rivenrock noted earlier today, the instructions in the faq may not have been as clear as they needed to be.
@creator can you put better color choice instead small one for us to choose color on the survey next week? thanks
@bruce - yes i managed to correct my order by re selecting my original order and adding the $25 properly. i had done it on mobile when i messed it up so i can see that being an issue
more/better pictures of the mens bomber would be nice.
@ jason - did you go back and try to re-select your original selection? could you select it? if so, it will replace the blanket i believe. after confirming. then edit your pledge to manually add the blanket cost.
yeah i figured as much reading through the comments, seems i wasn't the only person this happened to. hopefully this can be corrected
@ jason, if you added  $25 to your pledge amount, you should be all good, but if your pledge now says $25 + shipping amount, you've lost your jacket pledge. only solution contact creator via "contact me" link above on the right, above the manage your pledge button.
i only changed my order of the bomber by adding 25 to receive the blanket now it says i only backed the blanket but nothing to show i selected a bomber jacket....
@ evelyn tan; the early backer spots are limited in number and are there to encourage people to back the project in an attempt to reach the target funding goal as soon as possible. there will not be more offered at that price. the limited number offered at that price are effectively "sold out". they do not 're-open' earlier levels, that would be unfair to backers who miss out and back at higher levels. all levels are lower than projected retail after this kickstarter project is finished.
@susan i dont think the majority of people like military i personally dislike it as well
hi, i actually prefers to get 3 jackets. will you have be reopen the cheaper package for 3 jackets? like the usd349 package? thanks.
hi just saw you project and backed it. i also added the 25 dollars.
anybody know the color of sweatshirt in the video??
the flipboard reading app just picked up an article from qz.com about the baubax travel jackets. actually, i discovered that flipboard had carried a lot of articles from other sources about the kickstarter campaign.
was able to snag an eb spot for 5 jackets! happy camper here :-)
wanted the jacket in military so very disappointed. i hate red and  black and blue are so boring. shame such an great design idea  is lacklustre in colour choice. i also think if a colour choice had been taken at the beginning with the pledge, so many of us wouldn't have missed the chance to vote.
in the past eight or so hours, there has been a net gain of more than 1,300 backers and about $300,000.
@ rivenrock. - i understand your point. this problem is nothing new. i and many other commenters here have been explaining for weeks how it should be done. of course, i wouldn't expect new backers to dig through pages of comments. in hindsight, it's obvious that the project people should have corrected the wording to make it clearer. actually, i made the same mistake when i first tried to add the blanket. i did exactly what the others have done. but, when i saw the $25 amount, i knew that was not right. i went back and re-selected my original selection and figured out that i needed add $25 to the selection amount before i clicked the continue button. plus, i did have the benefit of having participated in several other kickstarter projects. i hope the baubax folks have been able to help these folks resolve their problems.
@sumquodaum: baubax is from the creators' nicknames. bau is yoganshi shah's nickname, bax is hiral sanghavi's.
this type of problem always happens on projects that get big like this. people are drawn in by the outside media and hype and this is their first go at kickstarter. the first thing to know is that you can never be at more than one pledge leave at a time. you can add or subtract money for different reasons, but you still occupy that one level. the other is issue is the distinction between "buyer" and "backer". with the buyer mentality, you expect to click on something, pay for it, and receive it in a timely manner. as backers, we are pledging money to an unproven concept. you can change your mind until the end, but ultimately you are making one contribution. also, there is no guarantee of when we will receive the product. when a project gets as large as this one, economies of scale change and anything can happen. any project of this size usually delivers late. when that happens, people will lose their minds again. i am sorry for those who lost their level. but this is a lesson that all backers on kickstarter have to learn. you won't make that mistake again.
hey. for the sweatshirt what color is the guy with punching bag wearing/guy with rope / guy in the library?
@baubax llc i'm curious to see what your post-campaign plans are for current & future products moving forward when it comes to competing with already established competition like scottevest (http://www.scottevest.com/) | https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@bruce gilliland "...but it's unfortunate you did not read the faq which clearly explains how to correctly add the blanket without losing your selection." actually, it doesn't. it doesn't explain, for example, that you shouldn't click on the blanket reward, because that will remove your earlier product selection. and it doesn't clearly explain that when you click continue, you will be shown a total pledge and total reward that don't match and be asked to verify that this is correct, which would be counter-intuitive for most buyers.
@tara preston - i'm pretty sure that the woman going through the gate is wearing the windbreaker.  the bomber has a flap over the drink pocket.  the windbreaker pocket is zippered.  plus the hood looks pretty attached.
i also believe that in the video when everyone is boarding the plane, what they say is the windbreaker is actually a woman's bomber in red. just fyi.
@alex, yes he is
is the guy in the beginning of the video wearing a navy bomber jacket?
@ trisha d - you need to contact baubax at www.baubax.com. since you can no longer select your choice, only the baubax staff can resolve the issue for you, if they can. this is the third time this afternoon i have made this suggestion. i'm not sure when you made your pledge, but it's unfortunate you did not read the faq which clearly explains how to correctly add the blanket without losing your selection.
will you post more detail photos on each style/color before the survey? this will definitely help us deciding which style/color to order. thanks.
in update #5, you said "new tall sizes for women: ladies, we heard you. we will be adding the tall sizes in s and m also. give us a couple of days to update the sizing chart." http://i.imgur.com/u2fsuf4.png (screenshot) why have you not updated the size chart accordingly? when i emailed you about this, you replied that you would not actually be offering the size small and medium in tall, even though you assured us all that you would on august 5th. could you please explain? several of my friends have backed this project specifically because you promised the smaller ladies tall sizes. thank you.
i went to manage my pledge to add the blanket, now my jacket is gone! help! and it is sold out at the price level i pledged and a few higher.
hola desde argentina les escribo para saber como debo encargar el talle de mi chaqueta bomber. al momento de enviarla uds me envian un mail consultando todo??? gracias
@soojin - right, i've been concerned about "pocket load sag (pls)" too.  i guess if the devices keep getting thinner and lighter, that should help, but any garment can be overloaded and end up looking like old sock.  ;-) @ serina - i'm pacific nw coastal so i think floatation in v2.x would help me too if tsunami comes and i need earthquake-proof and volcano-shielding besides.  end of campaign approaches - we all get silly.....imagine what it's like in baubax office!
posted this question on facebook but haven't gotten an answer so thought i'd try here. i pledged for two items and am trying to decide on which two to get. so far, i'm thinking the sweatshirt and windbreaker. but i haven't seen any pictures of the black windbreaker jacket (unless i missed them). do the black ones also have white trims on the pockets and back as seen on the red and blue women's windbreaker jackets in the album?
@sumquodsum i checked their facebook albums and messaged them asking about if there are pictures of women's sweatshirt with all the things inside and they said they don't have a picture with the model wearing with all the features fully loaded :/ and as for the video, it only shows the bomber jacket which is probably more structured than the sweatshirt. i wanted to see the photo of the loaded sweatshirt to see if the shape still holds up without sagging with all the weight loaded on it
@ mike - go back to your original selection. let's hope it is still available. if so, re-select it. next read the faq on how to add the blanket. you just manually update the amount by $25. do not select the blanket from the selection list. if you cannot re-select your original selection, you need to contact baubax at www.baubax.com immediately to get their assistance in resolving this issue.
okay, so i was trying to change my order to add the blanket and i think i lost my previous order of the 129 bomber jacket and it was switched to $35. i still want to make sure i am still getting the pledge i did over 2 weeks ago plus add in the blanket. thank you for your help
@david: the reason why less than 10% of the backers voted is because they are either not buying the bomber or they are happy with blue and black bomber colors. only those who wanted red of military bombers were expected to vote.
it is impossible to satisfy everyone with the colour choices.  they put it to a vote and less than 10% of backers voted.  that tells me that most backers are indifferent as to what that third colour is.
@sumquodsum - that's why i said version 2.0!  :p  point taken, though.  lol  i know living along the coast of ca, i think many would like the life/vest feature.  i'm pretty sure there are more reqts to have a fully packed parachute attached to your jacket and you might be targeting a much more select audience group.  i like your creativity tho! lol
@soojin - the opening of the campaign video shows the guy filling all the pockets and heading to the airport.  bomber jacket looks pretty good if he is actually wearing it with all the stuff still inside.  i recall another reply in these comments that was posted by baubax where they said some the jackets in the fashion photo shoots had pockets filled with the items they are intended to hold, but can't recall which ones.  anybody remember?
@serina how about an interior pocket with fully packed parachute for those who like skydiving?  ooops, forgot - no more stretch goals.... less than 24hrs to go! baubax helped me fix a problem i had with my pledge.  it's a real confidence-booster when a creator will take time near the end of a huge campaign like this to help a backer (me) fix an issue that they could easlly have ignored.  kudos team baubax !!  (what the heck does "baubax" mean anyway??)
can you guys please put up pictures of all the jackets fully loaded with all the items so we can see how it'd look like? it'd help a lot /: not having those pictures kind of makes me doubt how the jacket will hold up with all those features, let alone how it'd look with them.
@creator: i just want to know exactly where to measure so i'll know what size would i choose. i  don't want to end up choosing a wrong size. thanks
i'm so excited for this product!  as if all those features weren't enough!  you guys might want to consider a version where the sleeves are detachable and it can turn into a life vest!!  that'd be super cool!  it'd be stylish for those who want to wear a vest and then it has the capability as a floating device for those of us who like to travel/do water sports!!  maybe it can be a version 2.0 for the windbreaker and bomber! :d :d :d
i totally understand that people are disappointed with the limited color choices, sizing options, or customizations. even though baubax has so many backers that have pledged so much money it is still a start up company and this is there initial campaign, designs, and items. keep in mind that they have said early on that once they go retail they will have more options available. we just get to be on the first wave of items and that is exciting! less than 24 hours to go!
please add total length at the sizing chart, so we can choose the jacket and blazer size more accurately, pleaseeeee :'(
@pamela-well la de da for you, but maybe offering both colors, since the votes were so close would make a lot of unhappy bomber jacket men happy! both voters and for what ever reason, non voters!
@steve - thank you. i sent a message and screenshot through their facebook page and received an answer. super excited about this amazing jacket!
people were given the chance to weigh in on which colours they wanted. if they chose not to do the polls, too bad. i'm personally glad the red men's bomber won, it's what i voted for.
only 3,292 votes out of many more for the men's red or military color bomber jacket! i'll bet there's a lot of disappointed military color lovers out there! you might want to rethink this since the numbers were that close!
@pamela: ek will still go down in history as the largest explosion of funding for a kickstarter project. and i'm glad to have been a part of it(and still part of the community of fun loving people there).
watching closely on how some backers are letting go of their eb pledges for whatever reason, but the tier i want is still going strong! paging all eb backers of 5 jackets... lol
only $676,869.00 until we knock exploding kittens out of 4th most funded campaign :p
@ david - if we get another 3,000 backers in the next 24 hours at the current pledge amounts the project can hit $8.5 million plus.
yesterday at this time i would not have thought that $8.5 million was reachable, but it certainly seems like they will blow past that level now.
nothing like waiting until the last minute. in the last 24 hours, there has been a net increase of 3,189 backers. a week or so back, it was running about 600 per day, then jumped to about 800 per day.
@fransan they need to make 59,443 jackets and still counting!!!!! guess delivery will be late by 2-3mths?
@keisuke you're welcome!! @rolts i love ur auto correct!!!! it made me laugh non stop while reading!!! lol
@sharon thank you for your answer !!! i understood. anyway thanks :)
@pamela: i'm the same way with my vegas vacation at the end of january. would be nice to have my blazer for that, but oh well if i don't.
i'll be happy if i get mine before my holiday at the end of february, but if i don't, oh well. as long as it come eventually :)
@laurensius: with a delay of a month or two. that is what i foresee, since this is such a calculated product to make. need the sizes, colours, all the sewing for the different aspects, gathering of everything together, then shipping it...i would say two month delay might be optimistic actually.
@david not just the color but the size as well man idk how will they manage it in this time frame
i would expect that the production schedule is going to require a critical mass of sizing/colour surveys to be completed first.  once they have a rough idea of how many of each type of jacket they will need they can start production runs.  so it will be important that you fill out your survey as quickly as possible when it shows up in your inbox!
to be sure : there is no more streach goals. we will receive a survey at the end of the compaign to chose the color and the size. and do we know when they think they will ship the jackets ? (according we are 40'000 backers--> more than 50'000 jackets)
@ fransan; auto correct making me feel pretty stupid.
@rolts,  you mis-spelled the name twice :-d
and again sorry - patric.  auto correct is really messing with me.
@ partic; sorry about mis-spelling your name, auto correct.
@ patrick; sizing chart is on the bottom of the campaign page.
what are the sixes available. i need a xxxlt. i'm 6'8" and have to travel a ton.
@justus: no problem, i felt attacked beacuse i hate fraud and thought that it was really considered as a "reward" and therefore labelled as gift. i hope they find a way to make us pay for taxes and duties before the shipment because i don't want my parcel to be stuck at custom forever. i guess we will have more info soon abouth the shipment and everything. @fransan : 12% duties for coats and jackets(for shipments with value over 150€) + 20% vat but with the additional shipping costs, credit card commission and the difference of price between 2x1 and 1x2 it's more interesting to keep my original pledge.
@ bruce; good post, lots of ppl new to ks have messed up adding the blanket and appear to have cancelled their initial pledge.
@justus ackermann, in my country, i would pay taxes about the $99+$25, not the shipping costs or "support donation". ich bin glücklich ! :) saying that, i repeat, i backed lot of projects and allmost didn't put the total amount, but a lower "production costs amount"... i never had a problem with that and the project owner, neither.
re: lost pledges - those of you who appear to have lost your pledge while trying to add the blanket need to contact baubax directly to see if they can resolve the issue for you. go to the baubax website - www.baubax.com - or click on the contact me button near the top right of this page.
@taxes for eu-backers frist off all, i did not want to come off as rude, it's just i've read some form of this question on a lot of campaigns, sometimes with the clear intent to have the creators ship the rewards mislabeled to evade taxes, that's why i am a little jumpy with this topic. usually with ks, the creators will label the shipment as "commercial" with the exact amount of your pledge as the value. your pledge does not get modified for us taxes or something, and us taxes are also not listed as part of the value (so unfortunately you cannot get it back or something). so for example in this case, if you have the early bird for 99$, shipment to germany 20$, the blanket 25$ and you decide to increase your pledge by another 10$ just to support the project, customs will treat your shipment as a regular online purchase and customs fees and your local taxes will be calculated based on the total amount of 154$.
@catherine, 100 euros ? moi qui me plaignait...
@david, thank you for your help. i understand better how it works (i just saw that 4 us states don't have any taxes ???!!!) it is as i thought. no us backers pay us (states)' taxes (include in the jacket price) and our country's taxes (we have to pay the local taxes if we want to receive the item, there is no other way). ;-)
@david thanks, i checked with the french customs and it seems like it will cost me 100€ more than my intial pledge because i chose 2 jackets instead of backing twice for 1 jacket i have to do the math to know if it really helps me save money to change my pledge and have my partner pledge for another one
sales taxes for online purchases in the us is complicated, but from a very basic overview sales tax is only charged based on residence of the person making the purchase.   you are not going to be charged any more money than what you have pledged.  if baubax owes sales taxes to any states it will have to come out of the pledge money pool, it cannot be retroactively charged to the user on a domestic shipment.
or us backers have to pay the taxes when they receive the item ?
@david, to be sure i understand (sorry my english is poor)... baubax has to give the taxes to each us state depending the location of the backer ?
@allycia, jackson's last comment mentioned robin, another ks project. he just cut and pasted the comment he had used before. lol
@ jackson, definitely spam. looking at your profile, you have used this comment or very similar 6 times! are you involved with the mentioned product? it certainly looks like it.
@ jackson, starting to look like spam, twice inside an hour promoting this project. once was probably okay, but twice? smh
@jackson, so many typos.
@creator congratulations on the 40k backers and pledge of $8m!! hope this project will be a success until d end!:) i have a question regarding alterations. the sleeves seem too long for my size and i was wondering if altering them will be easy since there are gloves attached to the cuffs?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
the united states does not have a national sales tax, and online retailers can only charge sales tax based on your state of residence.   baubax may be forced to remit sales taxes to certain states based on their location and backer locations, but that money will have to come out of existing pledges.  that has to be factored in to pledge levels, along with all other overhead costs like the cut kickstarter and the payment processor take. suppliers are not responsible for import duties and taxes.  you as the consumer are responsible for paying these fees for anything shipped from another country.
aaaand we are now above 8 000 000  congratz everyone but especially @creator!
wow 40,000 backers! congrats @creator!
@horada, you are right and wrong, think about this : the price we pay for this jacket have us taxes included. so, us backers don't have to pay more taxes (because included) and no us backers pay us taxes (because included) and our own country's taxes.. thank you for your help.. please, understand no us bakcers pay the taxes twice and us bakers once...
@catherine you don't need to pay us tax ontop, the only thing you'll need to pay is what you'd normally do when you buy online from overseas - which is possibly a small conversion fee processed by your debit/credit card company (usd to euro) and if you have tax in your country from buying goods online. what you've pledged here is the jacket/s at a set price + shipping (+ blanket if you got that too) other than that you just have your credit/debit card's conversion fee and your own country's tax if you have it with online goods.
@rolts : okay thanks! it's almost exactly what i wanted to know even though it's not the answer i wanted to read :p less xmas gifts it will be then ^^ do you happen to know if the price of the pledge is before taxes of after taxes? thanks again for taking some time to answer a kickstarter newbie like me :)
* hope
i was just wondering if any, most or all of the pockets were zippered so items don't fall out? like the passport, ipad etc
@ jessica, at the end of the campaign you will receive a survey from the project creators. you will specify style, size and colour for your tier of backing. you will also nominate your postal address. @ catherine, i understand your concerns, but the price / pledge is for it to exit the usa. customs and taxes imposed by the your country are your responsibility, the same as buying something from amazon.com or ebay.com. when items arrive from another country you have these additional charges applied. the rewards are not strictly gifts as they are linked to your pledge. hooper this explains. this question is often asked on ks when projects ship from outside the eu and the answer is as above.
@catherine, i can understand your comment, it's not easy to understand how it's works. unfurtunately, it's not a gift because you give money. i backed a lot of projects. allmost the invoice had a "production costs item" amount, less than the amount i backed, and i would like to know if baubax will do the same or not. i asked twice and no answer. i'm thinking going out this.
@jessica : they will send a survey at the end of the campaign to ask you to choose your style, color and size :)
how do i select my size and color?
so because apparently i wasn't clear to me this is not a transaction. i am giving them money to help them fund their project and as a reward i get a jacket there is a subtle difference here that has been used by some project makers to not give away the rewards. i was just a question not a way to try avoiding paying taxes and i just wanted to budget that because if you are lucky enough not to care about adding 20% to the price i do care and would like a statement about that from baubax. also i wanted to know if the price on the kickstarter campaign is before tax or after taxes because it isn't clear and everyone knows about the way taxes work in the us, they are paid at the register not shown on the tag (not a criticism just a statement). also i do not like being ordonned to do something by someone who doesn't know me, i never said i wouldn't i was just asking a question. but whatever i am not here to argue with anyone just to have some clear answers about the final price that i will have to pay for these jackets :)
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i don't care paying european taxes, but i'm paying us taxes too like the us backers. is that legal ? sure it is not ! and honestly, it's not a gift ! i would like an answer from baubax.
i would like to know who will be your provider for international shipments? can someone decide to choose its own delivery method? i.e.: asking fedex to come and pick the order at your warehouse. thanks for your feedback.
@catherine backing kickstarter is not recognized as an exchange of gifts, at least not by german customs offices. and if you are really honest - it is not! you are buying a jacket here, it just is not produced yet. as with providing a false invoice on the package or label it as "gift" or "sample" is a violation of us custom laws on the companies side. as a fellow european citizen: pay your taxes!
hi guys, back from a month-trip through europe we finally took the plunge and pledged for two jackets and two blankets, we think it is an amazing product and we can't wait to have it in our hands. i however have a question, how does it work with custom? it's technically a gift so we shouldn't paying taxes in europe but since it is a company i don't know how it works. please answer me because 20% more would be hard on our student budget especially before xmas.
@keisuke what they meant by free shipping is when you buy a jacket from them if you buy the blanket as well, they will ship the blanket free so you only pay shipping for your jacket.
@keisuke since u're from japan ur original pledge should have shipping charges so yours should be jacket+blanket+shipping=$164
@keisuke does ur original pledge have shipping?
someone, please tell me. (i'm not good at english) which is correct? *now my pledge is $139(include shipping) 1...jacket($119)+blanket($25)+shipping($20) so my pledge is $164 2...jacket($119)+blanket($25)+shipping(free) so my pledge  is $144 i'm not sure about "you’ll be saving on the $5 shipping fee. " ex. blankets($25×100) + shipping($5×100. but it's free) ?!??
to change an existing pledge to add a blanket click; -> manage -> look at the pledge amount $number (eg: total pledge $484 for the pack of 4 - $449 [jackets] + $35 [shipping]) -> add $25 extra for each single blanket on top of that pledge amount that you want. -> confirm you will then receive an email from kickstarter which details what you have backed and the total updated $number you have currently pledged. unless you actually want to pledge for the blanket only, more or less jackets, don't scroll down and click the blanket only option. you will loose your existing pledge.
nice problem solver and great project page! just backed.
for those who wants to add a blanket, do not change ur reward that u have chosen, u have to change the amount (whatever amount ur pledge is) plus $25 to that amount. do not click on the blanket reward. try slowly, if unsure don't press anything and come this page to ask for help. or just scroll down, 1 of our explanation u might understand. there are people all around the world here so sometimes the way we use english not all will understand so try to find the explanation in ur own slang.
i feel you @teela louise & @davina fang #tearsaredropping
@leo tong the sweatshirt is 80/20. they answered that already.
damn, things i just found out i have managed to delete my original pledge and just have the jacket now???? [headinhands] @creator i think you have a lot of people in this boat
how heavy is the bomber jacket?
i tried adding a blanket but it deleted my original pledge!!! eeeek!!
sweatshirt: 100% cotton (if required, we may change it to 80% cotton and 20% polyester to make it more sturdy and balanced to carry the weight of your gadgets). machine washable. ==> please change it to 80/20, thx
@georgia. also, you could try sending them a message through their website www.baubax.com
@ rolts, thanks for the answer, i change my pledge ;-)
@georgia de leon. the backers are really busy as you say, and can't respond to the likely thousands of messages they receive. if you post your query here you may get an answer from one of the several knowledgable backers who will have seen most of the creator's responses to other questions posted here over the last month or so.
anyone leaving the $188 tier? =) i wanna take your spot!! hehe
@ray its not creator fault, its ur fault lol best things for u to do now is look out for ppl who will backout in early bird tier or smt i saw couple already lol
i followed your directions to add the blanket and i lost my original backer item of 2 jackets and can't get it back because it's sold out.  great!!!  how do i now cancel the blankets.  doesn't do me any good with out the jackets!!  very disappointed!
very disappointed that military isn't being offered for the bomber. i've pledged a 4 pack.
i am so upset. have sent the team two separate messages and no one has gotten back to me. i understand that the final days of the campaign are time sensitive, but that is precisely the reason why i need to be contacted. please review the message sent with my contact details before the end of campaign. thanks in advance.
thanks bruce. anyone knows for the woman's sizing chart for bomber, where should i measure for the sleeve length? just my arm, or from centre back neck? thanks!
i still want that bottle opener, though t^t but we cant have everything ^^; congrats on a successful campaign~
if you guys say rfid and double zippers can't be done, so be it. i'd much rather have a quality jacket then every feature regardless of whether or not other companies can add said feature. if you guys feel you can't because it will lower quality, don't do it. congrats on a successful fund(in 38 hours)
i think your suppliers are pulling the wool over your eyes - my other half and i own about 10 jackets between us with double zippers and we've never had a single one fail on us.  this includes both heavy duty double zippers and the slim, almost hidden ones. having double sided zippers is essential to us since the intended and most common use of our baubax bombers will likely be on a plane where we will want to zip up to keep warm and to sit comfortably - the inability to loosen the bottom of the jacket is a huge issue for us (and i'm sure many other buyers who appreciate the utility of a double zipper) as it will cause the jacket to either ride up to the waist or wrap oddly around our behind when it's zipped. please reconsider your decision and seek better suppliers.  many high end jacket brands like kjus uses ykk double zips - if they don't have an issue, i don't see what your supplier thinks there is one.
i can't wait!! so exciting!!
to add a blanket, read the instructions in update #8.
congratulations to baubax! i am very excited to be a backer of this new project.
where can i add a blanket? i read an e-mail that telling me to add a blanket. but i can`t find exact way to add with saving shipping fee. i'm excited to get the completed manufactures. cheers! baubax.
unfortunately i had to change my pledge from 2 blazers to one blazer and a jacket because i found out that you will not carry my size, i am not sure about this because the jacket i will have to order in the men's size and the arms will be too long even if it is a unisex cut. that is a damper to the excitement i felt when i put in my first pledge
@ john pugh, at the top of the page on the right hand side, under the creator details it has "contact me". use this to message the creator and see if you can correct your pledge alteration.
i was super excited but after the last message about adding a blanket, i seem to have only now pledged for a blanket and lost my early bird pledge that i placed at the beginning of july.. is this true? have i now somehow cancelled my pledge? my mistake but is just after midnight here and i shall be very sorry to have lost my earlybird position.
i'm super excited about this! jumped in after a friend posted the video on his fb page; i've been searching for years for a jacket that's comfortable, practical and professional!
@ ludwina, short time after the campaign ends, you will receive a survey where you will make your sizing, colour, style choices for your pledge level. you will also confirm/provide your delivery address.
how do i select the color, size, style, etc?
@rolts: clap, clap, clap, etc, etc, etc!
@creator: can't wait to get my red jackets :)
@ everyone wanting to add the blanket, please read the faq on the campaign page. if you add a blanket to your pledge for one of the jacket styles, there is no shipping cost if you have done it correctly. if you have a shipping cost on a blanket, you have managed to cancel your pledge for the jacket. blankets are not free. they cost $25. as for colours, the creators have said there will be three only, and they have polled and listened to backer responses. they cannot be expected to do more than abide by their campaign promises.
i wanted the bomber in green...
@debbie: hit "manage". at the top of the page there is a green square with your pledge amount. re-type a new amount inside this square to be +$75 to your original amount. click "continue".
@debbie young: from the last update. pocket blanket: now is your chance to add the pocket blanket to your pledge. we have engineered and specially developed this blanket which is sized perfectly for your flight travel needs, and folds and fits into a small pocket. we’ll be shipping the blankets free if you have pledged for a jacket. for each blanket you add, you’ll be saving on the $5 shipping fee. you can add as many blankets as you want to your pledge. below are the steps (also mentioned in our faqs) on how to order a blanket: its easy just pledge an extra $25 to your pledge for each blanket and we will ship the blankets to you for free! to add a blanket to a new pledge: 1. visit the project page and click the blue back this project" button that appears on the right. 2. select the jacket reward that you want to pledge for. 3. select the country you want it shipped to. 4. add $25 for each blanket you want to the pledge amount. for example if the original pledge amount is $109 make this amount $134 ($109 original amount in the pledge box + $25x1 blanket). 5. hit "continue" and finish your pledge we will be asking you if you bought a blanket as an add on in the survey we send after the campaign to add a blanket to your existing jacket pledge: 1. visit the project page and click the blue “manage" button that appears on the right. 2. on the top of the page you will see your "pledge amount". 3. for each blanket add $25 to the pledged amount. for example if the original pledge amount is $109 make this amount $134 ($109 original amount in the pledge box + $25x1 blanket). 4. hit "continue to next step" and you are done! we will be asking you if you bought a blanket as an add on in the survey we send after the campaign
i would like to add 3 blankets  to my existing pledge but when i hit manage, there is no where to edit my existing amount. my existing pledge doesn't appear anywhere after i hit manage. i can pledge for 1 blanket and change the amount to $75 but will i get 3? also it automatically adds shipping which should be free.
love the product design, but i think the color poll was a major blunder. now you have backers that are certain to be disappointed. color can be a make or break factor in clothing choice. should have offered all four colors or never changed the original three.
thanks toni, sharon, and owen!
@pamela feader thank you
@ sharon - i checked my land's end fleece jacket. it can be machined washed. so, you are right about the bomber. and i sure hope people remove the pen before washing.
@emma: it will be near the top(above the radials for the pledge levels), it's a box outlined in green with green numbers in it.
@ emma - in the field showing the amount, you manually edit/change the amount by adding $25 to your selection costs. for example if your selection was $150, the system should have added the shipping costs (base of $20), making the amount $170. now just type in $195 ($170 + $25). when you get the selectio survey after the campaign ends, you will note that you ordered a blanket.
an idea of what the men's bomber might look like in red http://imgur.com/zow3uxl
i am trying to add a blanket to my original pledge and when i click on the manage button it's not obvious where i change my amount without losing my original pledge.  please help!
can i have a clear shot of men's bomber?
@bruce from what i recall, all are machine washable except the blazer is dry clean. but i think we need to remove the pen before we wash them. and yes i recall someone saying the pen comes with 3 or 4 refills forgot is 3 or 4........
@ lauren - i liked the military green bomber jacket, too. that's what i would have gotten if i was getting the bomber. (i don't wear red and i have a lot of blue jackets already.) of course, if i need a military green jacket, i can get out my old u.s. army od green field jacket. it has plenty of big pockets. :)
@ florenza - a long time ago, someone said in the comments that the pen would come with replacement refills. i assume, and hope, this is true. the pen is supposed to attach to the zipper and be easily removable as shown in the video. the sweatshirt is machine washable (i suggest cold water and air dry). i suspect the blazer and bomber should be dry cleaned, but we will see what care instructions come with the jackets. i wouldn't wash them. the windbreaker probably can be wiped off with a damp cloth.
@creators  any chance we can see bigger (or more) images than just the tiny colored squares for color choices? even swatches of the colored material would be great!
hi, is there any chance at all of keeping the military colour in the men's bomber jacket? this is the only colour that i wanted, so i'll need to downgrade or cancel my pledge if it's not happening. please, please, please. i really want one!
hi- i love the idea of the pen. however, will the ink run out? if it does, can we replace it without replacing the entire jacket? also, is this machine washable?
@ mohamed - we have to furnish our own charger. they don't give a pocket dimension, but i suspect you could put put a medium sized charger (6,000-9,000 mah) in it. of course some chargers are long and roundish while others are flat and square. we will just have to wait and see.
@creator kindly use backerkit or similar at the end to better manage changes and allow backers to increase their pledge and get more jackets....  thanks
where is the "portable charger pocket"? is it just a normal pocket or does it include a charger please clarify this.
how can i trust a company to deliver a product when you can't even deliver decent pictures of  men's products which you've been promising to do almost from the beginning, outside of a few, mostly woman's jackets on face book! now with the "new" red, how am i to choose without even seeing a picture?!
are you sure you can't add one more color as a last stretch goal ? it would be great, especially for the man bomber which has a close poll result
@aishah: click on the manage your pledge, then type in the total you need(pleade level + shipping + blanket). that is the only way to add items to your pledge from an "add-on" menu type of process(in this case the blanket). so for you it would be $139 +$25(blanket) +$shipping(not sure what your shipping should be, but in the bottom of the screen when you click on manage your pledge you can find a linked text that says change your shipping country, then add that number to your pledge) = $total to be typed in at top of screen.
help! kickstarter said i changed my pledge from the $139 (incl shipping) to the blanket ($25 + $10 shipping)!!! help. i want my pledge back to the bomber plssssss can u check
@joe catanzaro, as per the faq section you will be sent out a survey when the campaign is finished
hi team. added pledge on the blanket but could no longer see my original pledge of the bomber. appreciate if u can check. thanks!
can someone tell me if i did my initial pledge correctly? i got the $208 (pack of two) then added $15 for shipping (i'm in the us) and $25 for a blanket. when i went to manage my pledge it looks like i wasn't supposed to add the $15 for shipping but there appears to be a $5 shipping charge for a blanket. any help would be appreciated.
how do i select color and size
hey ladies, i need your opinion on the sizes as i am from germany and not familiar with us sizes. i'm not sure if i should order a womens xxl bomber or a mens xl? do you think there is a difference in the style?
so i am normally a size 18 in women's the only concern i had was the bust size in the bomber as i am a few inches wider than the stated bust size for xxl. how much different is the mens bomber compared to the womens. i usually prefer womens cuts to mens in regular clothing so i want to make sure before i pick a bomber.
@ jane shi - the tall size jackets are supposed to be 1.5 inches longer in length and 1 inch longer in the sleeve.
update #5 (aug 5 2015) -> international sizing chart: by the end of this month, we will upload the international sizing chart. sorry, any news about this?
*size (sorry)
wasn't there going to be an international side chart...?
again @creator thanks for the update but what happened with the talk of european sizing charts. they weren't even mentioned in the update
i'm curious if this will pass the exploding kittens (4th most funded) kickstarter or not, or may become close. so far this project is the 6th most funded.
hi, anyone knows what's the difference between normal fit and tall fit? will the body length be longer? if so, how much longer? also, for the woman's sizing chart for bomber, where should i measure for the sleeve length? just my arm, or from centre back neck? thanks!
@bruce: yeah, they are, and i definitely will be getting one, just thought it would give these jackets a step up on the competition if they were able to secure that. oh well, maybe on a different line they do(or special production ones at a later date). still in it for the blazer anyways.
okay, update 8 is out. no built-in rfid pockets. colors are set. two-button blazers for women. i had already checked on rfid shields/protectors. they are relatively inexpensive.and come in a variety of sizes.
i agree that there is no need to add anymore stretch goal to complicate things. i am already very happy with how this jacket has turned out. thank you @creator!
@jennifer: the way you should be doing it, is after selecting your initial reward level, the shipping will automatically be added to that. once that, and payment method, are confirmed click on the manage your pledge button, you will see the amount you originally were to pledge(level+shipping), then take that amount add $25, and type in the new amount in that box that showed your pledge amount. it will be in a green outlined box, with green numbers, approximately 1/3 of the way from the top left corner of your screen. the survey after the end will ask what the extra money was for, if applicable.
@jennifer chan  u are suppose to add $25 to ur blazer pledge, not select a new blanket pledge. whatever amount ur blazer pledge is, add $25 to that amount.
jennifer, just add $25 to your existing pledge.
or is it: add $25 to existing pledge but don't select blanket option, and then at the end of the campaign they'll confirm the extra $25 is for the blanket? because when i click on the blanket option it seems to want to erase my previous blazer pledge.
has anyone had issues adding the blanket with free shipping after having already pledged an existing amount? i had previously pledged for a blazer, and now when i try to add the blanket, it says that there will be a $10 shipping fee... everything other communication lists it as shipping for free. is it because i live in canada? or am i doing something wrong? i followed the instructions in the faqs but this is still coming up as pledging an extra $35 and not $25. thanks.
there is less than 48 hours left and it looks like the campaign is going to top out around 8 million.    given that stretch goals seem to have little impact on the pledge rate the question is really going to be if 8 million is sufficient to justify the inclusion of the pocket.  perhaps there will be a nice "surprise" in that manner after pledging closes.  but right now it appears that time is not on side.
@david: where does it say that the money required for the rfid pockets is un-achievable? the last i heard, they were still talking to the people about that material...and that was 2 days ago.
if some of you can't handle lack of communication now i strongly suggest you cancel your pledges, otherwise you are going to be in for a frustrating few months waiting for your pledges to be filled.  with close to 40,000 backers it is going to take a long time to get surveys out and orders sorted for appropriate size, colour, blankets, etc. the reality at this point is that the amount of money required for rfid pockets was not achievable in the time remaining after the water resistant pocket goal was reached.  the success of this kickstarter has always been on word of mouth, not on additional stretch goal features when it appears that there is a strong silent majority that was happy with the original design.
am in agreement with danielle and megan here. even if no more stretch goals will be announced (i hope there are!) we deserve some updates from the creators. if you're sorting out issues, let us know. if both the double zippers and rfid are impossible, let us know. at least let us know you haven't disappeared off the face of the earth.
@matthew lee you can’t just ‘top up’, you need to select a reward that includes the required number of jackets.
meow!
ok, i understand that you are waiting for rfid people to get back to you but we need an update. this is a bit ridiculous we have already raised $1 mil since the past stretch goal. at least let us know what is going on with the colors. the project ends in 2 days.
hi. how much to top up for one more bomber/sweatshirt?
any confirmation of the iphone pocket stretch goal being reached?  update please!
hi @jerald. so what happens is you would pledge an amount for whichever reward and add ons that you want, and when the campaign ends, kickstarter will collect your pledge. soon after, the creator will send a backer's survey, in which you will be able to choose your design/colour as well as enter your shipping information.
hey ivery neverror used kickstarter before, but i saw this and i couldn't resist supporting you. how exactly does this work anyway, after times up how do i receive this. i didn't have to put in any shipping information and i didn't pick a color. so what happens?
hi creators, we would really appreciate if you provide us with an update as soon as possible on the latest poll (the colours for women bomber jackets), as time is running out. i'm sure a lot of backer's decisions depend on the results of this poll. thanks!
i haven't seen an update regarding their latest poll re: women's bomber colors. will the bomber still be available in the red color?
yes, please concentrate on getting the products out for on-time delivery.  would love to send some of these as holiday gifts. also.. it seems the latest stretch goal has been reached, but no updates to the project's page.
ran out of cash to support my spending, enjoy the early-bird sweatshirt
i love that it has a pen with it. so simple! i just hope the fit for women is going to have a slimming look to it.
honestly i'm not fussed if there are nomore stretch goals would much rather the creaters focus attention on getting the jackets delivered on time then having to design new bits to add.
@mika it looks totally different in style as well as colour.
hi there, the length for women's jackets still is not up, please add this before we have to order as i would like to know if i will need to size up.
have just upgraded my pledge to include a blanket. i hope the team does not get confused with the deluge of orders and miss out on sending blackets to those who added them. would really love to see a leather jacket next time when baubax goes into full on retail.
so the photon pocket is not water proof but is water resistant?
when are the results of the last poll going to be announced? i really want the bomber jacket in military green!
@stefania i believe the sweatshirt in the picture is the same as the one in the video they're just not offering it in the pink color. it was voted out in a prior update.
will the hood on the bomber jacket be fleece lined?
will you guys be answering the questions about the sweatshirt in the video vs. the one in the photos soon - there are only three days to go. i would really like to know so that i can have the option to cancel my pledge if you won't offer the sweatshirt from the video, that sweatshirt was the reason i backed the project in the first place.
@rach961 many weeks ago when i ask abt the blanket material someone gave me this reply --->> 40% nylon 60% synthetic fabric
@horada - thanks for the explanation. @aaron.s - personally, i am going one size larger for my windbreaker. i think it would be better to be safe than sorry. one size too big won't look as bad as one size too small. plus, wash and rinse in cold water and hang out to air dry.
@bruce gilliland by default, kickstarter shows prices in usd unless there is something like "aud/cad/euro" etc beside the dollar value. and doesn't show the currency exchange rate that i know of... though the last project i backed for myself, aud wasn't as bad to the usd. you'll just need to use a currency converter online for an approx. amount.
do i have to choose one size bigger for my sweatshirt? i'm afraid it would shrink after machine washing it
@ rach961 - well, it doesn't say what material. i suspect polyester or cotton-polyester blend. that would make it machine washable. i can't see them using wool. too expensive.
@ rach961 - scroll down a ways in the campaign page and you will see the info on the blanket. i suspect it is a thin blanket. and i doubt there will be a color choice.
hi guys. what info is available on the blanket? sorry if it is in the comments somewhere but i did not find it. what material is it made of? is it machine watchable or not? how thick will it be when folded to be placed in the pocket? are there different styles or colors? thanks!
@ steve - you are right. there is no dedicated wallet pocket. however, all the jackets have what i call front/hip pockets of some type. on the bomber and sweatshirt, they might be considered hand warmer pockets. the bomber and the men's windbreaker have zippers on the pockets (at least in the demo photos). the blazer has the standard flap pockets on the hips. these pockets could be used for any number of small items, including a wallet. another person below was discussing the drink pocket. i doubt i will go around with a bottle or can in that pocket very often. however, i could use it for something else. as you noted, the blanket pocket could be used for other things as well. i like to think of the jacket as having a lot of flexibility. as i've said before, i will customize, or equip, the jacket to fit my needs.
i committed to this several weeks ago, and i'm  confident that we'll end up with a great jacket.  it's occurred to me, though, that there's no mention of a wallet (or purse) pocket.  i can see that there's a blanket pocket that would probably fit my wallet; but, seriously , no dedicated pocket for my wallet?  or have i missed something?
zippered concealed rfid pocket for passports and credit cards would be a must.  another possible stretch goal that wouldn't break the bank would be a detachable miniature led torch. ppl are forever dropping things in the footwell and it's not cool to wake others while they're sleeping with the overhead lights. a dual function pen/light that can be slipped into the zipper slide would be great. nevertheless great work so far with all the features offered.
had a read of the comments, pretty glad that there's no double zippers. but at this volume perhaps it can be one of the optionals for those who like them? i think there's no need for a water bottle pocket, though if an existing pocket can be adjusted to fit a small fold up water bottle that would be great ( i'm looking at my 470ml bottle which is 20 cm tall, 22cm circumference, empty or full, seen it in more than one brand, so a fairly common size). the ipad pocket is big enough, except it's a side loading pocket, water bottle would ideally be in a top-loading pocket.
@ romin tillay, please go to the campaign page, scroll to the bottom and read the faq section on adding a blanket. the blanket pocket is part of the jacket, the blanket is an add-on. it explains this very clearly.
@laurensius how can you be so sure that by adding 25$ manually you will have the blanket pocket, i want it too but, nothing appears about muy choice, my pledge just increase?!
@clothilde. at the end of the campaign they will send you a survey where you specify the type, size and colour of jacket you want. (and whether you also paid for a blanket)
hi, i made a pledge for a windbreaker or bomber jacket. i will be able to choose between the bomber or the windbreaker, or i will have one with no choice? because i really would like the bomber. thank you
honestly, i don't think we need another stretch goal. these jackets are pretty amazing how it is and i would really like to see it delivered as soon as possible (knowing that it is not likely we will get them by november)  :) keep up the good work baubax!!!
@harpreet you have to change it manually, so if your current pledge  $139 add the 25 manually so it becomes $164
hey - could someone please help? :) i have currently pledged for a $119 sweatshirt. i want to add a blanket to it, but every time i go to "manage your pledge" and try to add a blanket, it changes my pledge to a blanket only as opposed to adding a blanket to my current pledge :( how do i go about adding a blanket? thanks for your help in advance :) h
i wish i could have pledged more, but i'm tight on money right now! looking forward to being able to order a bomber for myself, and maybe a windbreaker or a blazer for my boyfriend! these are so cool!
@ bruce - thank you!
@ ran - new passports now have (or will have) rfid (radio frequency identification) tags. other devices could also have them. it allows pertinent or required data to be transmitted electronically - in theory to save time and improve accuracy. but anyone with an rfid reader could read that data. they might not be able to decode it, but you know how those things go. the rfid pocket would have a shield that would block a reader from picking up the rfid signal. in essence, this is a more secure place to carry an rfid equipped passport. however, rfid shields are already available. check the big online vendor in the sky for them.
can someone please explain tge whole rfid thing? thanks!
wooow great news!! rfid would be so awesome!!! =)
is the sweater thick?
+1 on rfid stretchgoal !!
based on the number of backers and the average amount per backer, baubax could reach $7.5 million in the next three days if the number of new backers stays above 800 per day (which it has for the past couple of days). good luck during the home stretch!
rfid would be so awesome!!! =)
thank you so much everyone! we are waiting to hear back from the rfid fabric suppliers. once we learn about their lead times, we'll send out an update with more details. stay tuned!
@sumquodsum: the fabric for sweatshirt would be cotton-poly
only 4 days left. but i guess go to 7.5m sooooooooooooon. asap!!!!!!
@creator - congrats on $7m..!! still waiting to find out the fiber content of the sweatshirt fabric (100% cotton or 80/20 cot/poly?)
awesome that's just what we needed to hear!!
hello, there! i'm proud to be your backer. awesome work! i cannot wait to see the results�
@kira go to their facebook to have a look at the lastest pix. and if i didn't remember wrongly they did add some length to the sweatshirt as they find that it was too short in the original. as for colours, u have to wait for update 8.
@creator congrats on hitting $7million!!
i love the speckled grey sweatshirt the gal on the airplane is wearing, is that what the women's "charcoal" will look like?
hello all.... thank you for helping the new backers with their queries and continuing your support... we are in process of compiling the color poll, updating sizing chart and preparing our next stretch goal.... its been busy with a lot of other things to be coordinated alongside.... we will soon send out our update 8... please stay tuned !
the "length" is missing from the women's non-blazer measurements.  the photos look like the sweatshirt is very short and if it's 100% cotton, i'm worried about it turning into a belly sweatshirt over many washes. when i travel, i always like to have a longer than normal jacket to always be covering my pants when sitting on the plane. will this design do that?
i'm very happy to be number 35,407 i travel through airports twice a week, if i'm unlucky 3 or 4, while living in milwaukee and traveling throughout the u.s. for work. i use an ipad for market research work so this thing feels like it was designed for my lifestyle, november can't come fast enough.
how do you measure yourself to determine if you need a 'tall' version?
@creator/baubax just wondering if you have decided on the fabric for the sweatshirt.  in the campaign you say 100% cotton or 80%cotton/20% polyester if needed to allow the fabric to support the weight of the loaded pockets.  do you know which it's going to be yet?
lets hope so - doesn't take much to say we are busy preparing and we are still here.
@tom, if you scroll down the comments, the creator was responding only one day back to comments posted by backers. that doesn't seem so silent. i expect that they are a little busy at the moment as they were hoping to raise $20 000 and it has fair exceeded those goals. every part of their proposed production and shipping is going to need a massive overhaul. cut the creators a break.
funny how this goes the closer you get the less information we get - happened on another site and they have disappeared
are there going to be any quality pictures of the mens bomber anytime soon?
seems like we may be hitting 7mil soon! hopefully the creators aren't delaying the update to postpone the next stretch goal. otherwise, can't wait for what's next!
it's probably obvious to everyone who lives outside the united states, but currency exchange rates will mean that the amount in your currency will likely differ from the amount shown. for example, horada below noted the difference in canadian and u.s. dollars. just out of curiosity, does the ordering page allow for currency adjustments? i suspect the transaction processing by the credit card companies will handle the difference in currencies. you can tell i have never traveled overseas.
time for a new stretch goal!
just so, bruce. you're so helpful!  @jithin george: no. i you had $25 automatically added to your pledge, that is for shipping your jacket(s). if you also add another $25 for the blanket, there is no additional shipping fee for the blanket. this has already been answered by the creators and is probably in the faq - take a look - it's pretty handy! @jen dean: i can't tell if you are serious or if that is a hilarious/troll comment, so let's assume for a moment you are serious. all four designs constitute the "travel jacket" - if you are not serious, 2 points. if you are serious, minus 2 points.
@ jennifer and other new backers. - when you select your choice, the system is supposed to automatically add the additional shipping cost. so, if your selection was $150, the amount you confirm should be $170. if you want a blanket, you have to manually edit the amount field and make the amount $195 ($170 + $25). when you get your survey after the campaign ends, you will note that you ordered a blanket. note that ordering multiple items likely will have more than $20 for shipping. someone can correct me i am wrong but it appears that they are charging a flat shipping rate regardless of where you live. also, people outside the united states should be award of the possibility of duties and additional taxes, based on your country's regulations and the cost of the selection. this has been discussed at length in the comments, but it's been a few days back.
@serena hopefully both our dollars go a little more evenly sooner then later. there is another technology project that is canadian based i was interested in. cad to aud isn't as bad at least.
question: if i want to add the jacket now (i pledged ages ago for a bomber) do i just add $25 to my pledge and they'll be able to figure out why?
@horada. the canadian exchange is just as bad if not, even worse ='(
so if its the 369 pledge, i add 25 plus another 20 for shipping and make that my pledge amount?
@laurensius lukito, thanks for the information on the shipping charges and the blankets :)
glad that double zippers are out. nice as they can be, they're a point of vulnerability. hoping that the rfid pocket can be added as the next stretch goal..... we'll be at $7m soon!
for those who r new, the shipping is not free, the $25 added cost is the shipping price so u need to add another 25 for blanket, i backed the  pack of 3 early bird and it automatically added $30 and i want to add blanket as well so 367+30+25= 422 same on other tier hipe it clarifies
hello there, we just backed this awesome project, great idea by the way! we love the design :) is the $50.00 shipping charge included in the original pledge amount already and is that for all the jackets being shipped?  we are also interested in blankets so i added an extra $100 to our pledge.
hi, i've pledged $154 for the $129 sweatshirt pledge, so does that mean i will get the blanket with the order? thanks!
hi.. i just backed the project but i could not find if the 'travel jacket' which is what i need was in the choice.
i'll miss the double zippers but i trust the creators' decision! when will the next update be revealed though? especially hoping that the next stretch goal will be at $7m or somewhere manageable.
hey, just backed the usd 249 pledge and it automatically adds the usd 25 to the pledge amount for shipping to denmark. in your kickstarter page it says add 25 usd and it ships for free, so want to clarify if that means the 2 jackets will come with the blanket at the price of usd 274 and then shipping is free?
@osman el-baba no, i didn't though i looked and usd to aud exchange rate is really bad right now, so the jackets will end up about $200 odd more then i expected on top of the usd price :(
i would really like a dark red sweatshirt but let's see if it's highly demanded
@creators: will you also be posting the results of the latest colour polls in your next update? thanks!
@sheena, i believe only about 25% of kickstarter projects actual shop on time, so i would count on it :)
will there be more pictures of the jackets in the future specifically the mens bomber
i apologize if this has been asked before, but how sure are you about the delivery date? i would love to get this for christmas gifts but the next time i see anyone i plan to get the gifts for after december 25 would be thanksgiving of 2016 so i need to be really sure that these will arrive before christmas!
new stretch goal please :)
now looking for an eb blazer +1. any volunteer ;)  ??!!
@horada  i just lost my  4 eb jacket spot :(  did you get it?
any of the 50 backers that plan to not back the $188 please let me know! i would love to take your spot! =)
@jennifer, you'll need to select the jacket and then add the amount for the blanket to your pledge. from the faq: how can i order the blanket with my jacket ? its easy just pledge an extra $25 to your pledge for each blanket and we will ship the blankets to you for free! to add a blanket to a new pledge: 1. visit the project page and click the blue back this project" button that appears on the right. 2. select the jacket reward that you want to pledge for. 3. select the country you want it shipped to. 4. add $25 for each blanket you want to the pledge amount. for example if the original pledge amount is $109 make this amount $134 ($109 original amount in the pledge box + $25x1 blanket). 5. hit "continue" and finish your pledge we will be asking you if you bought a blanket as an add on in the survey we send after the campaign to add a blanket to your existing jacket pledge: 1. visit the project page and click the blue “manage" button that appears on the right. 2. on the top of the page you will see your "pledge amount". 3. for each blanket add $25 to the pledged amount. for example if the original pledge amount is $109 make this amount $134 ($109 original amount in the pledge box + $25x1 blanket). 4. hit "continue to next step" and you are done! we will be asking you if you bought a blanket as an add on in the survey we send after the campaign
it will only let me select one or the other, not both
@owen i selected both the blanket and then the jackets (only need one blanket) but the amount with shipping is not correct.
ops i dunno how i posted it twice @owen thanks damn it i should have backed it sooner
if we reach 7 mil in 5 days, will you make the  rfid pocket anyway?
what's the difference between 119 and 129 sweatshirt o.o?
@mari: the $119 one was a limited quantity for backing early at a lower price. they are the same product essentially, just if you got in on the campaign earlier you could get one for cheaper.
what's the difference between 119 and 129 sweatshirt o.o?
@baubax i was waiting for kickstarter to charge for another project so it wouldn't charge the wrong card for this one. i wanted one of each + the blanket but i ended up backing the pack of 3 (all styles) instead + blanket. i'd just be missing the blazer. but yeah..
@horada: sorry, you missed the train. all kickstarter campaigns have layers of pricing. we updated the bulk order prices last week after we ended the special kickstarter prices for individual jackets. the prospective backers still appreciate our current bulk pricing, because at $479 for a pack of 4, you will still save anywhere between $40 (if you order all 4 sweatshirt) and $320 (if you order all blazers).
baubax, how come the pack of 4 ($449) mysteriously changed the price upwards (to $479) when it never said that there was a max number on it running out? plus the shipping for it was $35 and the new one is $40. please explain as i was interested in it, but i haven't gone for it... could of added the blanket for that increase.
@jennifer: did you take the amount that showed up in the line under how many days are remaining(the one that says you pledged $x), and then just add $25 to it after clicking manage your pledge? if so, then it will work, and you will just have to state that it was added on the survey when you get it.
tried adding a blanket to my pledge according to the instructions in the faq, but it's not working. here's hoping i can add it before so i get free shipping on it.
i have both eddie bauer and columbia rain wear that combines snaps and zippers.  very useful and have lasted for 10-20 yrs in us pacific nw rainy climate!   go baubax -- headed for $7m !!
i would really appreciate if you added the rfid passport pocket. that would really improve the jacket.
@creator - how about a variant of the bomber with snaps? either in addition to, or instead of the regular zipper?  that way still no double zipper, but it would be possible to have the jacket unzipped but the top snapped while sitting with the lower part open.
i would love to see a new stretch goal at $7 mil for rfid passport pockets, since double zippers is out and that was the next choice.
@brenton, as noted in the faq at the bottom of the campaign page if you are looking at buying a larger quantity send them a message.
is there a way to order or fund more than 10? im thinking its perfect for christmas and maybe need 15 to 20 in total :)
i follow this project since the first day, i promote it everywhere i've been before paid for a bombers. and now i see 6b $. i'm really proud to be inside this opportunity. about the pockets: we need to be solid pocket and resistant over time. we do not want to see it split with the risk of losing their content
@gabriel, i asked that few weeks befor and someone wrote that the max is 8 inch x 10 inch
@ gabriel - my guess is that anything tablet larger than a 10" diagonal screen would not fit, or be a very tight fit. the ipad pro, which i don't think has been officially announced, is projected to have a 12 or 13 inch screen. i suspect that will be too big. also, as i've said before, i'm not sure an ipad would fit with its keyboard case.
would the ipad/tablet pocket fit the new predicted ipad pro?
this project is the 1st i have ever pledged. can't wait to get my jackets!
can you plan for the next goal?
@christopher, they'll send out a survey for which jacket, size and colour you want after the end of the project (after september 3)
well, the experts have spoken and the creators have decided, so no double zippers.  the jackets still have the potential to be fine products if materials and workmanship are excellent, as they should be at the projected msrp. with the end of the ks campaign in sight,  i and other fans of the double zipper now have some thinking to do.  i notice that almost all the pictures of the jackets show the models either standing or seated with jackets fully unzipped.  i am thinking about the fact that the purpose of these jackets is the type of "travel" that means mostly seated.  the one or two good shots of seated models with zipped-up jacket (guy in library) show a big bunch of folded material in the lap/torso area.  another seated man in red has the bottom edge of the zipped jacket folded up underneath to hide the extra bulk and of course any lower pockets and pants pockets are out of reach. in any case, kudos to baubax for taking the effort/time to carefully weigh backers' comments and consult experienced producers.  good luck to all...!
@creator hello, just a quick question. when do we pick our size/colour? just want to make sure that it isn't too late to do that already
to counter the other arguments, i quite like double zippers (they're useful when sitting down), but yes they are inevitably more fragile (i've broken two, though the first one lasted years rather than months) and more awkward to zip up in the first place, so i can live without. @creator, while i know the windbreaker isn't waterproof, it would be useful to have some idea of its waterproof rating (e.g. my current jacket is rated at 10,000mm) so i know how resistant to the uk weather (prone to unexpected downpours, especially at the moment) it is. thanks.
@creator - thank you for doing the proper research about all features. double zippers are a pain and it looks like this is going to be a quality product that can last for years. it would be a shame if something as simple as zippers changed that. i am really looking forward to this item. i know many are worried about shipping timelines for the holidays, but i would prefer that you send out a great product then rush it for that reason. congratulations on the success of this campaign and i am very excited that i could help (in a very small way of course) bring this to life.
i am over the moon that there will be no double zippers on the jackets. the manufacturers are correct in stating there are many problems with them. of all the jackets i have owned with double zippers every single one has malfunctioned within 6 months and they are incredibly awkward to zip
@creator oh too bad that double zipper wont make it i personally never had any double zipper jacket but i guess rfid pocket is not a bad strecth goal after all but if dont mind could u tell us what problem it might have?
original*
ok! not a problem! i backed the origonal product because i really believe the jacket and its creators have a lot of potential, so essentially any additions are also some very 'nice to have' items. looking forward to receiving some quality jackets in november!
maybe the next stretch goal should be an umbrella instead?
@m: most likely we won't be water proofing the ipad pocket. if that's a very important feature for someone, then we would recommend to go with the water repellent windbreaker, which is ideal for light showers.
@creators: wonderful! thanks for being so prompt! appreciate the responsiveness :) please could you also address the feasibility of also making the tablet pocket water resistant? understand the cost/time considerations, so given it's the least popular stretch goal, not a huge issue, bit would be a nice to have. thanks!
@owen: most likely, yes! we are still discussing with our sourcing team and we'll take a call today and send out an update tomorrow.
looks like the next one on the list, since double zips were cautioned against, is the rfid pocket...is that going to be the next(and possibly final) goal then?
most desired future stretch goals: poll results water resistant iphone pocket - 8,525 double zippers - 4,327 rfid passport pocket - 3,638 underarm zipper vents - 2,213 water resistant ipad pocket - 1,183
disappointed that double zippers won't be included however i trust the expertise of the manufacturers. thanks for advising baubax!
sorry, that should have been 'i had meant that i would prefer an rfid pocket rather than an underarm zip vent'
@laurensius/owen - im very aware of what a double zipper is. many of my jackets have one. if you refer to the list of stretch goals, they creators have actually included underarm zip vents. i hadeant that i would prefer an rfid pocket ratuer than those.
laurensius thank you for telling me
yay creator for no double zippers!
hi guys, we just spoke with our factories and based on their years of experience they've recommended us against the double zippers. they've said that even the best quality double zippers run into functional issues due to several reasons. so, we may not add the double zippers on baubax jackets to ensure they are durable and functional.
@uni seeing that you are  new backer, i must say yes it will added to the jacket you will receive
it's around 6.5 million dollars now please make an update on adding the water proof phone jacket and someone please tell me if these things are added will it be added to the jacket when we get it?
@m: and the double zipper, isn't the one under the arms, it's the one where if you are sitting, you can unzip the jacket from the bottom to let it spread a bit without bunching it upwards to be more comfortable.
@m dude double zipper is the 2nd most desirable so its gonna be that (i hope so lol)
@owen: we have 7 days to go - depending on how fast we reach the 7mil mark, we might be able to squeeze in both! @chris: agree that making 1 pocket water repellant shouldn't be too much of a stretch to make that 2 pockets. obviously it would cost more, but if we've raised 1mil (and counting) for just 1 pocket, this should hopefully cover the majority of the costs for the other as well? i personally would prefer both water repellant pockets to an underarm zip.
its gonna be double zipper and its plain obvious -.-
i still say that if you are concerned about your contents getting wet, get the windbreaker. if you are in the rain so long with the other jackets that your contents get wet, you are going be be wet also. time for an umbrella or raincoat.
if it's a rfid protected passport pocket, or double zipper, i'll agree to the next stretch goal.
!!!!!  |||
7 mil for the next stretch goal.  do it. do it for the fans. who want this? raise hands!
@chris yup i hope the make the tabs pocket waterproof as well !!!
if they do decide on another stretch goal, perhaps waterproofing the other (tablet) pocket might be similar enough that they don't need to spend a lot of time to make happen? because, you know, tablets are expensive as well! :p
@gabriel no they have already announcecd there will be last stretch goal
no more stretch goals pls! focus on getting them out on time is more important!
please just please dont put rudiculous  gap for the next stretch goal!!!
yes!! congrats baubax! another stretch goal down :) on to double zippers please!
congrats baubax!!!!
we reached the goalll!!!!!
if not will you use backerkit or similar at the end of the campaign ...
@creator can i add jackets without changing my pledge and loosing eb position ? and how much to add for each model ?  thanks & sorry if this was answered earlier.
can you please make the original grey women's sweatshirt from the video (1:00) available?  that one is the reason i pledged in, in the first place - the new one is completely different, both in style and colour, the original is much more stylish.
just $22,686 more till we reach our $6.5 mn stretch goal everyone :)
i thought i was excited if we reached the goal for the touchscreen gloves, but really i hope we hit the 6.5 for the water proof phone pocket! well done baubax! you've got a hit on your hands! can't wait to get our jackets in november!
you can change your pledge to get the number of jackets you want.
hey does anyone know if i can order additional jackets?
igg is always full of scam lol
no worries, glad i could help.
@marc: thank you for bringing this to our notice. that's not us. our attorneys will take appropriate action. thanks again!
@creator: have you started another crowdfunding campaign on indiegogo? just came across one named: "the world's best travel jacket with 15 features"  http://igg.me/at/elclmdgtcdo. very short campaign page with almost no text, but the picture is from your site even names baubax within the picture. founder appears to be someone named matic visocnik. this person is not listed as part of your team. could you please clarify.
i messed up and thought i was adding the blanket to my original 2 jacket $264 pledge. looks like it canceld the jackets and only went with the blanket.  then i went back and changed the $264 to $294. is that correct? did i loose our place in line and it will now delay the jackets? bill b
ahh, the curse and joy of crowdfunding campaigns. one has to go with the majority of those participating during the campaign when the creator polls various ideas.  in this case none of the stretch-goals went my way....but that's life and i for my part wills stick with the product. even though i wished other options would had been to implemented, but the overall concept is still really great. @creator: just make sure that the quality of the clothing is top notch and not compromised as funds had to be diverted to fulfill various stretch-goals. quality and fit of the final items will be the ultimate judge to your ongoing success and not how many pockets, double zippers, pens, gloves, and other gadgets you managed to incorporate. that will count for nothing if the clothing falls apart after 6month, or does not have a good fit.
@creator baubax, thank you so much for following these comments.  i don't know what you will do at the end of the campaign or another stretch goal about the "great double zipper controversy" (gdzc?), but it's wonderful that you are letting us backers participate.  either way i'm in it for the ones i've pledged for.  i keep commenting on the zipper because i have several and in decades of use in travel, skiing, camping, hiking, biking, etc., etc. i have just found them to be so useful and those garments and utility items have become my go-to favorites.  thanks and great success to you :-))
@rev: yeah quality is our top most priority and we'll be using only ykk for the main zipper, whether single or double. and given that double zippers was voted as the second most desired feature, we are sure that backers are going to appreciate it as a feature.
that's an important point that probably need to be clarified.  i'm familiar with what you're talking about but stand behind my earlier comment.  when you look high end outdoor jackets, they are simple with high quality pieces.  if you go with a quality zipper (ykk?) it shouldn't be a problem.
fyi for those who are not sure about double zippers - please check out this photo of a sample double zipper: http://bit.ly/1fh3ids it allows a user to unzip the jacket not only from the top, but also from the bottom tip of the jacket, which is very helpful for long haul travelers. quality of zippers: regardless of which zipper we offer (double or single), we are going to use ykk zippers, which are the best in the world and are used by all popular apparel brands globally. they are the most reliable zippers out there and we'll use them to ensure we deliver you the best quality jackets.
@billy: our blazer have detachable hoodie with a zipper. so, if we were to introduce double (two-way) zippers, it will get added on the blazer as well.
@rev: hi, just to confirm - you know that double zippers are 'two way zippers' and gives you a choice of using the jacket normally like you would use with a one way zipper? pardon us, but we hope you are not interpreting double zippers as one on top of the other? we are asking because we just received a message from a fellow backer, who assumed that double zippers have 2 one-way zippers, one on top of the other.
double zipper doesn't benefit the blazer buyers =p
i hate to say it but i'm with the others in hoping you don't make the next stretch goal and dump the double zippers on us.  you're really turning this into something worse than what your supporters signed up for.  i beg you to reconsider such a horrible idea.
i just backed, sorry if my question has been answered before :p im 1.80m tall, should i selecet m or mt (sizing chart)?
the rfid supporters here have made me realize i need a whole wallet that is rfid secure, as well as a passport organizer - so it is still safe when i remove it from my pocket. i think if i do not have my plastic or identity stolen, it is thanks to you for alerting me to the issue. thanks!
i am actually hoping that you don't get any more backers (sorry not meant in a negative way) only so that no more stretch goals can be unlocked and the jacket maintains more how it was intended originally. after all that was what most people backed.
double zippers....mmm...i would have liked rfid passport pocket, but ok
double zippers....mmm...i would have liked rfid passport pocket, but ok...
sounds like a lot of the "me" generation is backing this....
and a thank you gift to replace the lost bottle opener would be nice but feasibility is always an issue regarding the timely delivery of a quality product
please make the next stretch goal at a reasonable mark as we don't have much time before the campaign ends. i think 7 million for the next stretch goal (of the double zipper) after this one is met is very reasonable given that a couple of the first stretch goals happened at $1m intervals and you said this stretch goal would come at a shorter interval.
woooo exciting!
we should be able to unlock the $6.5mn stretch goal soon (hopefully tomorrow) and we are planning to announce the last stretch goal after that. as per the poll results, the second most desired feature was double zippers :)
still would love to see that double zipper made a standard item.  creator/baubax please think about it, poll outcome showed a lot of people liked it - even if it didn't win over the waterproof phone pocket (which i have no use for, even in the seattle area! really dislike having a big bunch of jacket bunched up in my lap just because i want the jacket zipped up while sitting.  can't get into jacket's lower pockets inside or out in that situation, and forget about pants pockets!
@owen @thomas there are no limitations to the number of blankets you want to get, so get as much as you want, just add $25 for each blanket :)
@thomas: i don't see a limitation to the number of blankets you can get, didn't check the faq though, so you should be able to get another by adding $25 more.
i pledged $229 for 2 jackets a while back, plus $25 for 1 blanket. if i add another $25 to my pledge, will i get 2 blankets?
@ michelle - i don't believe there are any sensors in the jacket - that was just their vision of the future. they also removed the bottle opener some time ago.
@steve @vivainne no, she's right...have you never had a zipper break on you while you're traveling? yikes. yes, i just want the project to move ahead - no, i didn't want the sensors, the bottle opener and i could live without the waterproof pocket. honestly, when i realized the zipper did not go two ways i was surprised in a bad way. like if you bought a $900 leather bag and discovered it had low-quality zipper and parts - just sad to see that a detail like this is not up to par with other jackets in this price range. i looked at the ayegear and they didn't have the double zip either, so i didn't withdraw my pledge (no other options) but columbia, athleta, patagonia, prana, mountain hardwear - are all making it a standard item because then your zipper never breaks and you can unzip it from the bottom when you're sitting on the plane forever. it is standard now in high end gear. but the creators are not to blame - people took a poll and voted for a waterproof pocket. ok. they could maybe do the good zipper instead of the bottle opener and sensors which would not have won any survey, but they don't owe us the survey. the jacket is rather good as is and i bet it will be quality - even if i do worry about the zipper. at this point, i trust this project's creators. i'm sure it will be fine.
actually @vivainne, i think *most* backers would like the jackets as they were originally presented. these incremental add-on stretch goals are a distraction for the designers already trying to get this product design finalised and into production.
kudos to the creators for an amazing product concept! in the interests of realising the world's best travel jacket though, i have to ask - does it really take an extra 1.5mil to add the waterproof iphone jacket, or even a double zipper feature or an rfid pocket? it seems like the waterproof pocket might be the last stretch goal we hit - i'm sure most backers here would love to see more added to the jackets!
@danny ong - all measurements are listed in the sizing chart in inches, so simply measure a comparable jacket that you own and if you want to be super-cautious, try on a calvin klein jacket or whatever it says they're using as the sizing model for the style you've selected.  @sharon - ha! i do like your idea but they already announced that they would make the 'distance' to the 'next' stretch goal shorter (eg less than 1.5 over 6.5 which we will likely hit), but even if they make the next stretch goal 7.5 we likely will not hit it. who knows; it may not be a huge price difference for them and they throw it in, but most likely, whatever stretch goals we don't reach that people really want as features (the double zip and rfid passport pocket) will turn up on future models that we'll be more incentivized to purchase.
hi, about the sizing chart, what measurement is used?
maybe they could just add the double zipper in as a bonus when we hit 6.5mil?? so at 6.5mil we can get 2 stretch goals!!! waterproof phone pocket as well as double zipper!!!!! won't that be great?!?!
it does look like we might get the waterproof pocket! maybe they'll put out another update at that point regarding one last stretch goal?
almost there for the water proof iphone pocket! =)
i couldn't be happier to back a functional clothing product with origins in chicago! my business attire just got an upgrade.
hi anna, our team is looking into it. sorry for the confusion, and don't worry we will contact you via message to get this resolved. =)
i was trying to make for 24 jackets, however i found the 10 pack for $1099 was running out. it didn't mentioned 10 pack or other 4,5,6 pack was limited earlier. i tried to email them and explain i have trouble telling my friends who all pledge in, the price goes up suddenly. and i ask if i can get the 10 pack deal at $1099. but the baubax team's reply was confusing! they gave me a price even higher than what i can get on this project page! i still make 16 jackets pledge because some of my friends still want it and i already made a lot of effort to contact. but i am really really disappointed to how they handle this and weird pricing policy!
i was trying to make for 24 jackets, however i found the 10 pack for $1099 was running out. it didn't mentioned 10 pack or other 4,5,6 pack was limited earlier. i tried to email them and explain i have trouble telling my friends who all pledge in, the price goes up suddenly. and i ask if i can get the 10 pack deal at $1099. but the baubax team's reply was confusing! they gave me a price even higher than what i can get on this project page! i still make 16 jackets pledge because some of my friends still want it and i already made a lot of effort to contact. but i am really really disappointed to how they handle this and weird pricing policy!
@ sumquodsum - no pebble time steel yet. not even a notice of shipping. also, my coolest cooler probably won't arrive until november - in time for next summer's outings. i want to give baubax the benefit of the doubt. i'm sure they will try to meet their schedule. but as i said earlier, i'm buying for the long haul, not for right now. and btw, i didn't know that i could check on others' profiles. that's interesting to learn. even though i've participated in kickstarter projects for almost two years, this is the first time i've really got involved in it on an ongoing basis.
experienced kickstarter backers already know this, but i'm kind of new at it so all newbies - i suggest you have some fun by looking at the profiles of your companions who are backing the same project/s you are.  you click on the icon to the left of their name in their comment and it shows you what else they have backed.  i found a couple of very interesting items that way ex:("lolleepod").  makes ks more fun.  be warned - can get expensive  ;-) @bruce thanks for the welcome.  i see you backed the pebble ts.  i did too under a different login - i'm waiting for my pts gold.  you got yours yet?
check on amazon for foldable, silicone water bottles.  sure if feels a bit odd drinking out of soft bottle but they fit in just about any pocket when empty.
that's "thanks" for the suggestion. computer didn't read my mind.
@ michele p - a folding water bottle? never seen that before. i assume it's convenient. your suggestion is like a number of others made during this campaign where we have asked for various items and additions - rfid protectors, bottle openers, ear plugs, etc. my approach will be to take the basic jacket they provide, and add to it those items that i need. most of the items i already have or can buy inexpensively. in other words, i will customize the jacket myself to suit my needs. and i will look for that folding water bottle. thats for the suggestion.
@ sumquodsum - welcome back! glutton for punishment, aren't you? :) i'm taking the long view. while it would be nice to have the jackets as soon as possible, i am also getting a jacket that i will (hopefully) use for years.
water is the most important need for traveler. you should consider to add a foldable water bottle integrated in the jacket! i'm using foldable plastic bottle with extreme satisfaction!
i got out of this campaign some time back because i'm pretty sure the chances of november delivery are slim-to-none and i was planning to use several jackets for christmas gifts.  also i was not pleased with the poll outcome that killed the double zipper (still can't figure that out...).   anyway, got back in today for 2 - i still think it's a very clever design and i'll just get a bomber & windbreaker for myself and hope to get them sometime before this winter is over.  good luck everyone!
@ gerry - i think we are all concerned about the fit. clothes manufacturers are notorious for varying widely from the so-called stated size. i'm sure we've all experienced clothes that didn't fit right - usually smaller than the labeled size. the best we can hope for is that the manufacturers stay close to the sizes listed in the sizing charts on the campaign page. before you complete the survey we all will receive after the campaign ends, be sure to have someone measure you on all the dimensions listed for the blazer. try on one or two at a department store or men's clothing store. try to get the best match.
is no one else concerned about the fit of these jackets? the blazer is the one that's pushed the heaviest in the reward tiers... but the male blazer image especially looks like he's wearing a jacket two or three sizes too big. it makes me concerned about how any of these are going to fit.
how do i make an order of more than 10 jackets?
@ sapna. - click on the manage your pledge button. in the amount field enter 299 -- 274 + 25. click continue to save (i believe). then when you get the survey make sure you note that you added $25 for the blanket.
@sapna segal: you need to click on mange your pledge, and manually add $25 to your current pledge. therefore $274+$25 =$299, you must input $299 in the space provided, and if the shipping fee isn't included with your $274 contribution then you must add the shipping fee as well to your pledge. for example, i pledged for the $119 reward, with shipping ($10) and the add-on blanket ($25) included, [$119+$10+$25] i had to manually input the pledge amount of $154 :)
i read the faq and i understand that i need to add $25 to my contribution, but i don't understand how. the only option it is giving me is to change my contribution amount by clicking on the $25 radio button, which then deletes my $274 contribution. this is the first time i'm using kickstarter so i'm sorry i don't know how. thanks for your help. sapna
@vincent after the campaign ends the creator will send a backers survey.
when do we get asked about the size and color we want?
psst @bruce: from their earlier comment "the tall size jackets are longer by 1.5inch in body length and 1 inch in sleeve length than the normal size jackets." @phineas yep, from the campaign page:  "exchange policy: if you follow the sizing chart carefully, then the jackets shall fit you just fine. still, if you wish to exchange your jacket for any reason, we will allow you to do that, but you’ll have to pay for the two way shipping. as we are just starting up and offering our jackets at highly discounted prices on kickstarter, we won’t be able to accept returns. "
just wondering if found out the jacket size is not fit (too large or too small)…is it possible to have replacement or change for correct size??
@ mitul patel - i am getting a tall sized windbreaker. i am 6 ft. 2 in. (was 6-4 when i was young.) i seem to recall a comment somewhere (which i cannot find right now) that the tall sizes would be about 1.5 inches longer. as rolts noted, the sleeves are 1 inch longer for the tall sizes. for a comparison, i put on my northface windbreaker, which is a tall size. the bottom of the jacket reached my (if you'll pardon the expression) crotch and covered most of my rear. the sleeves actually reached my knuckles. of course, there is no guarantee because every manufacturer cuts and sizes their garments differently. but i think we are safe in saying the men's tall sizes should be 1-1.5 inches longer.
hi @sapna, just add $25 to the amount shown as your pledge, which should include the shipping cost based on your location. this is explained in the faq section on the campaign page.
@ karry li, i see from your profile you are new to kickstarter. you need to understand this is not a retail site. you are backing research and development to bring a proposed project to fruition. from experience, the proposed delivery dates are a guide only. as the rewards are not even in production yet, if production goes faultlessly and there is no hold up with shipping or customs, we may see the rewards by the end of that month, but delivery of rewards can slip by months for reasons beyond the creators' control. @ daniel brazier, stretch goals have been polled and set. mailing costs were not part of this process. mailing costs on ks are usually set as part of the project campaign.
@sapna: you need to click "manage your pledge", change $249 to 249+25(shipping)+25(blanket)=$299. baubax will send you a survey at the end of the campaign where you can advise that you've included an order for a blanket as well (if you want to add more blankets, just add an additional $25 for each blanket).
i've purchased the $249 package (2 bomber jackets), but i'd like to add one $25 blanket. if i try to add it to kickstarter, it just changes my contribution to $25 plus shipping instead of adding it. how do i add a blanket? thanks sapna
hi baubax, i had pledged $249 any 2 styles and i prefer 2 bomber, one for myself and another one for my bf's birthday present. my bf will have birthday at nov-1, do you think i could get the jacket on or before that day? guess project will be produce in china and my shipping address is hong kong, hope there is possible to deliver sooner and make him a surprise! :) many thanks!! karry
now that the this project has far exceeded its original goal. is it possible to add european friendly shipping?
props to jk news, otherwise i wouldn't have known about this. looks awesome!!! can not wait till i get the jackets :d
@ jay kidd, the pledge section of the campaign page gives the estimated shipping date, but to be honest few kickstarter projects meet the deadline. some are close, others run months late due to unforeseen production and shipping delays, usually well beyond creators control. @ mitul patel, the sizing chart at the bottom of the campaign page gives a length measurement for the centre of the back of the jacket. the bomber jackets length is not actually listed but unless you are a tall size or very short, the lengths of the jacket may give you an indication of sizing. bomber jackets by their design are a less tailored style.
i'm very excited for this project! i've bought one as a gift for my boyfriend on his birthday. is there any set time frame for shipping within the us yet?
@ tara l. i totally agree. i signed on for the original design, inspector gadget need not apply.
i've been asking for one simple piece of information and i haven't gotten it yet.  i don't know why it's so difficult to provide the length of the jacket.  is the difference between an xl and xlt 1" in the sleeve or is the jacket longer by 1" too, just like dress shirts are???? recap: what is the length of your bomber jackets?? in all sizes please! thank you
whomever back out of the 178 bundle you have my deepest gratitude thank you
would it be possible to have pictures of the bomber for men ? thanks a lot
@tara: i agree with you, anything that gets added should honestly be the creator's choice, though it is nice to see that they want their backers opinions on it. i'm just hoping that the stretch goals don't make it take more than an extra month or two to start shipping.
i kinda wish the campaign would just stick to the original designs without the added stretch goals which made everything more complicated. can't please everyone anyway, but at least the manufacturing and shipping schedule wouldn't have been affected as much and better chances of the jackets getting delivered to backers in the given timeframe. still more power to the creators for trying to find ways to improve something that, for me, doesn't need anymore improvement. :-)
i don't have any tax in my country (united arab emirates). so will i get charged for extra tax or something? i'm pretty sure i only have to pay the shipping fees
@adrienne shade - gotta disagree. this thing has enough pockets that zip that you should be able to store your gloves and not lose them, but floppy snap gloves sounds like slop design. i'm not sure how often i'll using the half-scoop, though the attached fingerless gloves? bonus. the half-scoop gloves will satisfy many people, i'm sure, but i definitely don't want them attached to the fingerless gloves. sorry.
@ame, they've already said they won't be adding anymore sizes for the kickstarter campaign. they have said they'll look into other sizes when they go to retail. (and i have the same issue as you :) )
are the sizing charts final? i would like to see more women's sizes -- larger and smaller.  i am going to have to order off the men's sizes right now, because the largest women's size isn't going to cut it for my chest measurement.
@eva - others may suggest another approach, but you probably need to set up two different kickstarter accounts (assuming you have two valid email addresses). then use each to make one purchase. if possible, you could use a different payment method for each. to really keep it separated, could you use two different mailing addresses - work and home? this approach makes sense for people who want to have jackets sent to their home and also to a relative or friend elsewhere.
@ justin - bomber jacket style. the elastic cuffs and collar are fairly common on cool weather jackets, although some use pull tabs for the cuffs and maybe a regular padded collar. the elastic is meant to give a snug fit to keep cold air out and warm air in. that's the main point of that style of jacket. but at this point, i suspect the designs are committed for design, materials and manufacturing. a lot of people had requested or suggested design changes for each of the jackets. baubax has indicated they are committed to the basic designs.
is there any way can get the weird elastic things at the bottom of the bomber jackets and the end of the arms removed? idk... maybe its my fashion sense... but that's the only thing i don't like...
i would like to get 2 blazers and 2 bombers, but how can i request that the jackets be sent in 2 separate packages to singapore? i understand that delivery fees will be higher than having it all sent together, but i'm trying to reduce the possibility of having to pay taxes. thanks!
all good i think , found out i just can't read sorry
help accidentally hit another button not computer savvy now buying two only want one don't know how to edit and get rid of second pledge ??? when i go into manage pledge it only brings up first pledge but in my space it says i'm backing two sorry  help
@eric. yes. when they send the survey, mention that you also paid for the blanket.
so adding $25 to my $119 sweatshirt pledge will automatically get me a blanket with my order?
@wisam: you need to change your pledge to the "blazer + 1 other style" at $269, not the way you did.
@ mathew puente - something i forgot. some windbreakers are made of heavier cloth than are others. i have one "no-name" windbreaker that has very light fabric. the northface windbreaker is light, but the fabric looks like it will keep out water. actually, my eddie bauer windbreaker does have a lining, but it is a light mesh. it won't help keep me warm. the fabric for these windbreakers is to be water repellant. i assume it will be somewhat "breathable." you don't want to be wearing something like plastic.
any chance the new half scoop gloves could be connected gloves that are already planned? maybe they could fold back and snap at the wrist. that way there is no chance of loosing them.
@ bruce gilliland - okay, thank you so much!
@ jessi - tall sizes. see the size charts down toward the bottom of the campaign pages. there will be tall sizes for at least some jacket types and base sizes. they probably don't have talls for every size.
hi just wanted to double confirm my pledge, could you check if it is correct for my account, it is 1 blazer + 1 bomber jacket.
i haven't seen this addressed anywhere else:  where will this be manufactured?
will you have tall sizes?
@ mathew puente - does the windbreaker have a lining? this may have been answered earlier, but i don't recall for sure. i suspect the windbreaker does not have a lining. the temperature range chart puts the windbreaker on the upper end of cold protection with the blazer. it's hard to tell from the pictures but it looks to me as if they do not have linings. i have three windbreakers (one from northface and one from eddie bauer) and none of them have linings. my plan is to buy the windbreaker one size larger and then then use a fleece liner i already have under the windbreaker in cool weather.
@wizam. you will need to change your pledge to blazer + 1. you can't just add what you think you should pay for an additional item.
@wisam as far as i know you have to add 134( blazer+ $5 extra shipping)   and i think they will send you survey for that maybe with survey monkey or other thing
hi baubax, i had pledged usd 109 for a sweatshirt. i have just added another usd 129 for the blazer as well. do i need to update or notify you in any way for both of them (i have added shipping separate) thanks, wisam
does anyone know if the male windbreaker has some type of fabric on the inside and not just the bare plastic-y type of material??
@jenny. yes, the additional $20 is for freight, so add another $25 for the blanket.
hi baubax, i first heard your kickstarter project from jknews on youtube. it's an amazing jacket concept that i totally need for the practicality of it as i due to travel in december to a colder climate. although i have a question in regards to the $25 pledge for the blanket. as i live in australia, when i pledge for the $129 option, it automatically changes to $149 for aud, so if i was to pledge for the blanket, do i add the $25 to $149? thanks jenny
@katherine. there are pledges available for 3,4,5,6 or 10 jackets. where they give you a choice (4 to 10) you can select the style/colour for each jacket in the survey at the end. if you're wanting 7,8 or 9 jackets only, probably the only way is to have two ks accounts.  unless baubax would let you choose to pledge for, say, 6 jackets then add a $ amount for each additional jacket over that to your pledge in a similar way that the blankets are added. maybe fling an email to them and ask.
i would like to order several items as gifts.  is it possible to select several pledges?
@olga kogan, backing this project, we pay us taxes as you and we have to pay our country taxes too...  baubax will give the taxes you paid for this to your government, but i'm quite sure they will not give the taxes i pay for this because they export to my country.. so, i have to pay fully taxes for the both governments ?  i'm only asking to declare the product production costs, it's not fraud. i know it's possible, because i backed a lot of project and they did as i explained. because the taxes, i'm not sure i will continue supporting this project. i'm sure you don't care, it's not your problem. but please stop answering about this situation for all the american backers, i thing that a specific question to baubax export depatment. i don't want to be rude, i only want to explain my experience, my english is bad, sorry.
i've called my custom to check and they told me baubax gotta paste a invoice of my pledge amount outside the box. if baubax were to invoice the retail amount instead of my pledge amount there would be a very long delay....... it would be on hold at custom till baubax give them the correct invoice. so i'm hoping if baubax can't lower our invoice amount at least don't make the mistake of putting the retail invoice on our packages. thanks and i'm ready to pay my tax for the 6 jackets i've pledge!!! now i just hope shipment will not be too delay and no wrong invoice please!! wrong invoice with a lower amount i won't mind.
here is the u.s. law prohibiting false declarations on exports forms, at least to nafta countries. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/19/1592 i'm sure there are similar laws in the countries to be imported as well. long story short, baubax can't take the risk.
@kunhan - it's not going to be logistically (or likely legally) possible to baubax to adjust customs declarations for the requirements to avoid the taxes of over 100+ countries. they're going to be shipping thousands of jackets a day and i can only imagine how much slower fulfillment would be if there were custom values for every single backer. i'm sure it's a huge amount - but i think it's something you're going to have to just figure into your pledge.
@creator the question i want to mention here has been asked before. i'm a first time backer from taiwan who never back or buy anything from us before. as previously comments, here in tw custom will charge every package over 3000ntd (~100usd) for at least 12percent of its cost. that's a huge amount for backers who pledge for 6 rewards. hoping that baubax team ca help us to deal with this. thx a lot. you're the best.
it seems as though not many backers are taking the polls (<50%) i think it would be wise to send out the size/color polls asap to allow time for all backers to take it. this way production will not be stalled just because you are waiting for backers to respond to the polls. is there a specific reason you are waiting until september?
that ayegear kickstarter jacket is waterproof, beautifully lined and i like the see-through phone pockets but i do not want removable sleeves, what is this, the 80s? that's why scottevest reminds me of an old-age home. also, sky-high price for a jacket that does not include baubax's neck pillow or eye mask or attached half-gloves - still the best things about the baubax jacket. it did make me go check out their website and their hoodie, which wins points for being fleece-lined, but i'll still prefer the built-in eye mask, neck pillow and gloves.
@shawn depends on ur  governemnt as here in australia we wont be charged for an item below $1000 aud but each country is different  so you might need to do a bit mroe researched
oh, didn't realize i would be paying an import tax in the uk as well.  don't really buy stuff from the us, so i don't know how much it will be.  got a few more days to decide, but i must admit i was naive and backed without knowing all the details.
@andrew too expensive lol
a bit cheeky for the ayegear folk to put their j25 jacket on kickstarter. their website has had it for sale for weeks now. you can probably remove any branding and find that it's pretty much the same as the scottevest jackets (any they're pissed off about that too). not really competition though, the baubax jacket doesn't boast 25 pockets; just enough to make it a practical and stylish travel jacket. it also has some pretty good built-in features not found on the others, and comes in four different styles.
you have a competitor: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ayegear/the-ultimate-travel-jacket-with-25-pockets-ayegear
@dionne this is an extract from an earlier comment from the creators. "iphone pocket: this pocket was always designed to fit a smartphone of any brand and any size, regardless of whether we cross $6.5 mn goal or not. it can fit the biggest iphone (6 plus) and the biggest samsung phone (galaxy note 5)."
when will the poll results for the bomber jacket and/or women's sweatshirt colours be released?
hi guys, please make sure that the pockets can also fit the latest android models like the samsung note 5. it is a bit unfair for you to alienate the android users considering they make up majority of phone users vs ios users.
damn. i missed some fun comments overnight. the recent stretch goal poll proved steve jobs was right about consumer panels-- that they're terrible. "wisdom of the crowd" does not apply here. waterproof pockets? in a cotton garment? then again, folks here wanted nail clippers and bottle openers. "if i asked folks what they wanted, they would've said, 'a faster horse.' " - henry ford "people don't know what they want until you show it to them." - steve jobs
thank you for whoever leave the early bird pack of 3 spot for me to grab :d
would really appreciate it if you could kindly consider larger sizing for the women blazer. bust 45"& above? i understand you may not be able to with the current kickstart but range wise women with size 14-16 (average american size) will have larger bust sizes which means measurement of 42" below is limiting. thank you. i would be willing to increase pledge if this becomes available.
is there a way to vote against certain stretch goals?  personally, the double zippers lessen the appeal of the jacket.  the others seem interesting but it would be nice to hear that the current design is being tweaked and perfected rather than packing additional, unnecessary features into it.
i wasn't trying to be a jerk... i just see this sort of thing over and over on every kickstarter i back. you obviously know that there is a markup from import duties when you back things from the usa. think about it from the creator's perspective - they're shipping out thousands of items to hundreds of countries. you can't possibly expect them to know how to mark every package for every country to help you avoid paying the crazy import fees your country charges - every country being different. of course they're not going to do that! plus it's a pretty shady way of doing things that could get them into trouble. all i'm saying it if you know that you're going to have to pay more than you're willing to accept, then don't back. don't complain to the creator because your home country has insanely high import fees. it's not like the creator controls that... and before you call me a jerk, understand that i've backed items from overseas (uk in this specific case) and i full well expect the import fees to cost me almost as much as the item (if it ever comes that is...) i recognize it's going to happen and i considered that before backing and decided i still wanted the item enough to justify the cost.
i have too many doubts about my participation in this project.  this campaign is already tremendously successful, and will continue to grow.  i hope someday to see these garments in my local macy's or nordstrom in the finished retail version and perhaps be impressed enough to buy.  for me, however, i don't think i will stay with the ks campaign.  ks is not a store, and these products do not yet exist.  understanding that and knowing that my pledge will not be missed because somebody else will grab it right away, i think i have to pull out.  i wish baubax great success and i hope all backers enjoy the jackets.  the concept is really nice and the creators seem to be working amazingly hard to deliver a good product in a timely manner.  best of luck to all.
@ekaterina selezneva no, that is incorrect. that figure proceeds when you bring the goods yourself as luggage from abroad. if you're using a carrier or postal service, it could be taxed. should be 60% of the value (only), but since our government is, you know, shady, they always end up addind stuff that you cannot account for but has to pay or they otherwise either confiscate the goods or send them back. on the other hand, since the system runs by sampling, you could get lucky and not be taxed at all. anyway, are you brazilian? your name doesn't sound like it, so welcome!
hey guys.. let's not start insulting each other here. no one is angry anyone else is getting this. we're all excited about the project. as the t-shirts say, "keep calm and carry on"
@rafael oliveira i live in brazil as well and as far as i'm aware we are allowed to receive goods valued at up to 500$ without paying the import tax.
@mike kopack this is a comment i read from another ks project that's why i'm asking can it be done. as u can see, the person is saying it can legally be marked as sample and list the cost price as this is a ks project. so i don't think i'm asking baubax to be doing anything against the law. maybe i did not write it clear enough that i'm asking them to state my items as "sample" or list at "cost price". - if the product is valued at over £15 then it's liable for import duties and handling charges. the problem most people have with ks packages is that the creators aren't aware how to mark the goods so usually put the full price (or worse - the retail value) so we get hit hard. as a ks pledge it can legally be marked as a sample and listed at cost price, regardless of price paid. @ekaterina selezneva thanks! and btw, it's not illegal. lol.... guess mike was angry that so many people from all over the world is getting the same product as him.
@mike kopack, most business do lie on behalf of foreign customers. i live in brazil and deal with heavy duties for evrything purchased abroad. as a recent example, i've backed pebble time steel. which came out for $250. standard shipping is $15, and when the product arrives i'll be expected to pay approximately 60% of that price for import tax, plus 7% service tax. that's a lot. but if i had opted to use expedited shipping, which charges import beforehand, i'd have to pay $302, which is over the price of the product itself. so, doesn't hurt to ask.
@mike kopack it's not our fault that many products are not available at our countries, we can't all live in the us, and the import duties are often much higher than 'a few $'. obviously baubax won't be able to do what sharon is asking for, as it is illegal, but there's no need to be rude.
@sharon - so you're basically asking them to lie about the cost of the item, putting their business at risk by lieing to the authorities in order to save you a few $. you know that you're going to have to pay import duties when buying stuff from the usa when you're outside the usa. if you feel that it's too much, don't pledge your $. i am consistently amazed by how people jump at backing stuff in the usa when they're not from the usa and then pitch a fit about having to pay import duties that their country imposes...
@james: there is a sizing chart near the bottom of the campaign page, just a little above the faq. it's in us sizes, measured in inches.
when it is time to request size information, please provide us with measurement guidelines (including allowances for pocket contents)  to be able to request an appropriate size the first time. for example, chest and waist sizes by model.
@baubax thanks for commenting. i personally would rather the double zipper as the next stretch goal (or as the first one) and i do think that feature makes a huge difference, especially while on long plane trips (i fly internationally regularly and frequently end up with 29-30 hours of flight time, not counting arriving early to the airport or to/from the airport), and it is possible that my athleta hoodie (which also has zip hand pockets) will remain my staple travel jacket as a result. external eye mask, etc but a girl needs to be as comfy as possible to sleep on a plane, yo. you do need to unzip the bottom end for comfort in so many cases. i also liked the rfid idea but then, i'm often traveling with my passport. but i appreciate your full transparency in sharing the survey results with us - i think the majority misprioritized but what do i know. maybe they all live in sf, portland, seattle or another super-rainy place where risk of smart phone damage by rain is higher than tucson or jerusalem (where i live). i accept that i have been outvoted - and i appreciate it that i had a chance to vote in the first place and that you're listening to us, the backers. i'm sure a future version will have double zippers and the rfid pocket if this one doesn't, and come in the color we each want best. because i do not think many people will pull out and that means that you are already successful and your success should only grow, bli neder. do let us people worry about negative energy here in the comment section and thanks for taking the risk of investing your life savings so that we might get our jackets earlier. it seems frivolous to me now, that we even worry about when they might arrive.
@baubax not sure if this issue have been asked before. but for international orders can the full price not be disclose for shipping from ur side? eg. i pledge usd 709 can u just state it as usd100? as anything above usd200 we have to pay heavy tax..... if this have been answered before, can someone tell me the answer?? coz 1197 comments is not easy to look through!!! thanks guys!!!!
we have had some discussions about deadlines and delivery -hoping for the best, prepared for less than the best. but if you want to see how these things sometimes go, type "coolest cooler" (without quotes) in the search projects field above and read the latest update. this is one of the top kickstarter projects, probably surpassed only by pebble's campaigns. it's been going on for more than a year now. (i'm still waiting on mine.) i believe baubax may have fewer problems than the cooler project, but they could have a few of the same types of problems. we just have to be patient.
i have to be honest, when i read stuff like this: @martin: we've said in our update today that we may not be able to answer all the questions immediately. if you want to compare baubax to a $30 jacket, then please go ahead and pull out your pledge. you won't be missed. the "you won't be missed" part is a slap in the face to another backer, the same way you've made a few other rude comments to me and other backers in the past regarding the "$25 blanket". remember you came to us, we didn't come to you !!! i personally will be pulling my pledge after that last comment to martin. i think whoever wrote that comment is an arrogant douche bag and should have more respect for someone willing to give you his or her's hard earned money. i really hope others follow me in doing so........
@ creator - thanks for the clarification and reminder. it had been so long since i looked at the video, i forgot about the bomber packing. i think that answers that issue i raised.
wow! it's interesting to read all the overnight comments =) thanks a lot guys, for supporting and defending us. we love to see your faith in baubax and we are doing everything we can to live up to it and build baubax as a world class brand! some clarifications for backers who are active on the comments page: new stretch goal: 8,525 backers (42%) out of the 20,000, who took the poll, have voted for a water-resistant iphone pocket as the most desired feature. this is crowdsourcing and we have to respect such a huge majority without any second thoughts. just because they aren’t commenting here, doesn’t mean they didn’t have a rationale while voting =) we do believe that rfid pockets and double zippers would be great features and would add a lot of value to the users while they are traveling. we want to see those features on our products as badly as you want to. for now, the only way out is to share the project, tweet about it, help us spread the word, get your friends and family onboard and help us reach $6.5 mn asap. we will try to keep the future stretch goals at shorter intervals, so it’s easy to cross those milestones. and please be assured that we know the new features would come at extra costs and we will always keep in mind the complexity and financial feasibility of adding them. iphone pocket: this pocket was always designed to fit a smartphone of any brand and any size, regardless of whether we cross $6.5 mn goal or not. it can fit the biggest iphone (6 plus) and the biggest samsung phone (galaxy note 5). communications coordinator: we do have a part-time communications coordinator who handles our emails, comments, messages on ks, messages on our website, etc. fyi - each day we receive 30x more messages than the comments you see here. we are growing at the rate of 600+ new backers per day and it’s difficult for you to imagine how many questions they would have =) previously answered questions: we do try to respond to comments which can be answered quickly and were unanswered so far. for questions that have been answered before, we leave it for the active backers to answer them, and we must say you guys are doing a great job at helping the new backers. thank you so much! really appreciate your help =) unanswered questions: most of the questions/requests that are unanswered require time from the senior management, and the communications coordinator alone can’t help it. for example, requests such as, the international sizing chart, announcing the future stretch goals, the body lengths, new photos of men’s bomber, etc. these requests will be furnished before the campaign ends, but cannot be done immediately. jacket with all the pockets filled: we do plan to do a photo shoot for this. for now, please check out the video - the lead male model in the blue bomber jacket - has all his pockets filled throughout the airport, security and flight scenes. regarding martin’s comment: we have received several harsh comments in the past and we have ignored them always. but this one was different. comparing and calling a $30 jacket a substitute for baubax is unacceptable. we have an analogy for this situation, to help you better understand how it feels: imagine your newly born baby has just started to crawl, can’t even walk, and somebody abuses or bullies him/her. what would you do as a protective parent? wouldn’t you stand up for your child? we did the same. once your child, in this case our brand baubax, grows big enough, it will protect itself and we won’t have to worry about the naysayers. a parent or an entrepreneur would understand how it feels to see such comments about your child/startup, when you are really trying your best to grow it and nurture it. but, we appreciate the suggestions from some of our backers and we’ll continue our no reply policy to harsh comments. we would rather leave it upto you guys to step up and defend us in the future =) peace! team baubax.
the only things that matter are: 1. this isn't a store.  you are taking a risk with your pledge.  2. the creators are human beings trying their best to create a product.  3. if you think its a scam, don't like the quality, or are unsatified with the information they provide, cancel your pledge and go to a retail store where you can try on a product before buying. this is about risk/reward.  if we get our coats and are blown away by the quality and craftsmanship we all get a deeply discounted coat that we will use for a long time.  if the quality is less than stellar, so what?  i knew what i was signing up for.
doesnt matter id choose quality over time deliver thank you, please dont stress out the creator on having to deliver it on time this is ks for god sake you are supporting something that is not existed yet and going for deadline is very hard to do because anything can happen during production you know @bruce they are both polyester so result should be the same  at certain point i do agree but with more charts it will just make theri campaign confusing maybe to some backer
@bruce: my usual expectation for backing with someone i've never backed before is 1-2 months after the estimated delivery date as to when i should expect it. that way, if it shows up early awesome, if it's late, then i know i estimated wrong and am pleasantly surprised since i usually forget about it being on it's way until i have it in my hands.
@ laurensius - i understand your point. when i put my phone in one of my jackets, it makes little if any change in the outside appearance. but i have to wonder about some of the shots of the windbreakers for both men and women. as for the metric chart, i was just trying to be helpful to non-americans. personally, centimeters and celsius only confuse me. creator made the comment that they were concerned about making a very long campaign page even longer. @ owen - i am glad to hear that some projects are successful in meeting their deadlines. that gives us hope. and i don't doubt baubax will make every effort to complete the project on time. but i am going with low expectations. that way, i stand a better chance of being pleasantly surprised then heavily disappointed.
woops, the number of backers i mentioned was wrong...just over 219k. i was thinking the amount of decks produced(which is over 300k, closer to 400k if not over).
@bruce: i agree that most kickstarters don't get delivered close to the expected date, but there are a few companies, with good reputation, that do deliver within 2 weeks of the end of their campaign(the one's i could list would probably get this comment blocked, even though they currently have no active campaigns - hell, one of them ended at 00:01 this morning). but there is one, exceptionally well done campaign, for a card game, the promised to ship everything in july. and they got 90% of it shipped on time, to almost 300k backers(way more than they thought they would raise...initial goal of $10k, over $8.5m raised).
@bruce one thing that i know aafter reading some of the comment from the start till somewhere in early august the creator said the main character who has wear the bomber jacket in the video has pretty much all the stuff like tablet etc all so that answered  as for metric i think you just need to convert them as adding more charts might confuse the backer(i assume)
bravo @bruce!
reading overnight messages - i agree that the "waterproof" phone pocket makes little sense when you analyze it as several folks did. if you get the sweatshirt, blazer or bomber so wet that your phone needs extra protection, you have a much bigger problem. it probably means you may be wet as well. however, those of us who wanted other items may be stuck. they asked for our opinions and thousands replied. baubax can't go back now and say, "well we heard you, but we're going to ignore you." that would really be bad. then, martin wouldn't be the only one pulling out. as to the dust up between martin and baubax, i have to agree with martin on one point. there are still a lot of unanswered questions, some of which i have asked: - why are there no zippers on the front/hip pockets of the women's windbreaker? - why have they not posted better photos of the men's bomber jacket? - will the piping on the bomber jackets hold up? - why can't we see photos of the jackets with pockets loaded? - why can't they do the math for us, steve, and post a metric sizing chart? - etc. etc. some questions, i think have been answered: - yes, you can put a large phone in the phone pocket. - actually the tablet (dare i say ipad?) pocket description says it will hold a "10 inch" tablet. i suspect that refers to a 10 inch diagonal screen. - the blazer has its pen on the removable hood. - the blazer has its passport pocket inside, like a real blazer would. - we probably won't be able to get all the colors we would like. of course, the big question is will the jackets be delivered by november or december? several folks have expressed their concern, given the complexity and volume of the project. like others who have invested in multiple kickstarter projects, i can say that i have never seen one come close to the initial delivery date. i am sure these folks will make every effort, but i will not be disappointed when it does not come in november or december. actually, i will be very surprised if it comes by the first of the year. will i be mad, no. because i know how difficult kickstarter projects are. and because i am not buying a jacket because i am taking a trip in november. i am buying the jacket because i hope to do some traveling in the coming years. if i have to have something now, i can order an inexpensive vest for $30 (right, martin?) from you-know-who and have it delivered in a couple of days. from this discourse, written at 9 a.m. cdt, you can tell i am retired and have way too much time on my hands.
ok, people need to calm the hell down.  first of all, people who say there's not enough transparency, are you kidding? have you ever backed a kickstarter project before? the creators are here every few days answering questions, despite the crazy workload they now face, give them some credit. second, it's funny how people leave agressive comments and then are surprised when the creator replies in a similar manner. they are just a few people trying to fullfill thousands of orders within a few months, while some of the backers are becoming more and more demanding. you do realise they won't see a dime of the money pledged until the campaign is over, don't you? next, people who refer to themselves as 'investors'. while technically true, you are one of nearly 30.000, are you seriously demanding some kind of special attention? threatening to pull your pledge? this project is almost 30.000% funded, it will lose nothing without you. i think the creators need to put their foot down, stop with all the polls and consentrate on making the product they designed. i do realize that the backers i'm referring to are a vocal minority, and the majority are patient and respectful, but it must be really frustrating for the creators to deal with all this childish behaviour. lastly, for the love of god people, read the faq, it's there for a reason!
@brian i know how you feel im personally pissed lol (this is my 3rd time showing how pissed i ma i gotta stop -.-) and just to correct you its not water proof but water repellant( which im not sure what the different really is lmao)
kind of sad the rfid passport pocket didn't make the cut. i don't really think that waterproofing pockets is that much of use. the windbreaker is already waterproof, a lot of people have waterproof phone cases, if not water proof phones. also, that's a pretty serious rainstorm you'd have to be caught in to get enough water through the jacket that it actually gets into your phone, unless your worried about your friends pushing you into the pool as a joke.
to all those wanting to know the sizes in metric, just multiply the given measurements in inches by 2.5 to get cm. (yes i know it's 2.54, but it won't make a hellava lot of difference)
while the comment may be professional or not, every store has the right to refuse service. saying one will pull their pledge if their question isn't answered, when an update just said that the team has invested their life savings and is spending all their time on logistics, may be perceived as a threat, especially at midnight (i assume sf time). whether that perception is right or wrong is not for me to answer, but i can imagine seeing that after a 14 hour workday and being frustrated. i think everyone should take a step back - creators are doing all they can to make sure we get our jackets on time. there are not going to be design changes at this stage. i'd rather they spend time on sourcing and fulfillment than more photos. at the same time, creator might want to get a part time person whose job it is to answer questions in these comments.
for those of you asking about the half scoop gloves they come with each jacket you purchase. i got the answer straight from baubax. i also agree that was very unprofessional of baubax to leave that comment.
+1 about hostility. not a clever move.
hello everybody. two things: i agree with martin about the open questions. and the reaction from baubax is not really nice at all, not to say rude. please use your energy to answer the questions, not to attack the backers. total no go. second, i agree with sumquodsum related to the priorization of the new stretch goals. in my opinion, it doesn't make any sense at all to include a water proof phone pocket, if you can not sit down with the jacket when the tablet is in it's pocket. two way zipper is a lot more important. maybe the project owners need to make the decision? have you ever tried to sit down with the jacket filled? ;-) that would be a great picture, too, by the way. keep the good work going, stay polite and try to answer the questions from your backers.
@martin,  this ks project may have the best part of $6million pledged, but the creators don't have access to any of this funding until after the funding period ends and pledges are collected by k s just because the creators have attracted  a high level of promised funding, doesn't mean they have any more resources at this point in time than any other project on ks. please be reasonable with your demands.threats to cancel your pledge will not break a successful project and only serve to antagonize creators and possibly other backers. it will not make any major difference to the proposed project.
still no sizes in cm for europeans... i need help for you guys with access to gap, because where i live there are no gap shops, so i can't try some of their jackets just to know my right size. does anyone know another brand that are sized right around the same as gap? thanks in advance!
@leroytanz haha, there are 1528 left so you're free to take it now ;-) just to clarify my motives of my comment, i do like to be open in why i do things: i was stating my concerns with my pledge, the reasons behind my concerns and what would happen if concerns would not be taken away. even giving suggestions as to how to take away my doubt. you won't find many investors that specific. you will find that larger investors would rather say "hm. so convince me, why do you think i should invest." with crowdfunding you're lucky that many people together would become a pool of investments in which you don't have to satisfy every single need. and that's fine. but i assume they still prefer 32.000 backers rather than 29.000. and in my opinion that starts with taking away doubts people are mentioning, the people that aren't backing yet may simply have the same doubts. so it's a luxury to have people voice them now, that's what drives kickstarter projects. i am happy to see a product developed like this, otherwise i wouldn't be backing it! i just have concerns when there's no updates on things that allan z posted earlier. once they're taken away, nothing but cheer and excitement from me i'm sure. :-)
@martin if you're pulling out, imma gonna take over your pledge. :d just joking. people seems to treat kickstarter as a retail platform.
@baubax llc you can respond hostile if you wish, sure. not really making your case regarding your need of backers but hey. all i'm asking is transparency. i did not compare your coat to a 30$ one, i was merely saying that i'm willing to spend 149$ on an outstanding coat. if your coat isn't outstanding, i could do with a 30$ one until any outstanding one comes along. there is no need to turn this aggressive, i care about the product i support and it's only normal that the people that support your product want to know what they are getting into. having investors means you have to clarify things to them or they would not invest. i am happy to wait out the days left and hope everything gets answered as you say you're planning on answering them. i'm glad to see you are on top of it.
@martin: we've said in our update today that we may not be able to answer all the questions immediately. if you want to compare baubax to a $30 jacket, then please go ahead and pull out your pledge. you won't be missed.
starting to doubt my pledge due to a pricy product and way too many multiple time asked questions that remain unanswered. for 6 mil. i'd assume you could put someone on clarifying a bit more and put some more effort into taking pictures of your end-product in multiple situations (stuffed/not stuffed, in the rain, light, dark, etc.) fact that it's not being done makes me doubt your product on whether or not you're hiding flaws or trying to make it seem at its "best" until the deadline is over and there's no going back on pledges. please put some effort in satisfying your backers right now rather than only later. every day i read comments i'm considering to pull my pledge more. because frankly, if your product isn't actually outstanding, a coat worth 30$ could still hold most of your features... just less efficiently. but it would still travel along with me. i'm just one backer, but i'm sure more people would be at ease if there was more transparancy now. thanks
@sumquodusom that was exactly what i was thinking as well! the voting results really surprised me. i was hoping for the double zippers and rfid which seems more practical. why would i need a waterproof phone pocket if the jacket isn't even meant to be worn in the rain. even if it rains suddenly and an umbrella isn't available, the usual response would be to run and seek shelter - i'm sure the phone wouldn't be soaking wet in the pocket.
wow..... the poll result is indeed shocking!!! guess u never can guess what others are thinking...... @baubax does the women windbreaker hand warmer pocket comes with zip?? if not, hope it can be added. and, do we really need the white strips on the women windbreaker? and i saw that the women windbreaker the wrist elastic is wider than the men's? can the men have that wide elastic as well and also hope they are adjustable for both men and women. btw, thanks for all the hard work. i know not every comment gets reply by u but i also know u do read them. thanks a lot baubax!!!! now just hope we get our jacket before christmas!!! 1 last question baubax, i really hope to know how soft ur blanket feels, anyway to describe it?
@daniel that will happen in septermber or sometimes before they ship the jacket thats how kickstarter works @joanne you mean you want extra half scoop glove? if so im also interested to know how @owen well agree lol or maybe the double zipper coz thats more useful rather than having water proof phone pocket or any other water proof this jacket is not water proof after all whats the point of having water proof phone pocket only but my other stuff will get wet?
i have just pledged, but did not get any prompt asking if i prefer the windbreaker or the bomber. when do i select my preference?
how do i add the half scoop gloves to my pledge?
@sumquodsum and laurensius: yeah, i'm not sure why so many voted for that one, definitely would have been better to get something that helps protect your identity rather than stops a phone from getting a little wet. and let's be honest here. most phones these days can take a little bit of water(as in, it's in the pocket of a jacket that you are wearing, and it's raining just hard enough so that your shirt is slightly damp), and some are even able to be dropped into a full bath tub, and still be used.
why don't you have pictures of the men's bomber??
ciao baubax, the update is great and prompt. however, i am wondering why the new men's pics have still not been uploaded or even if they were taken? i know i should trust you guys 100% as a backer but all the bomber jacket pics are very shaded and unclear... i just worried about the overall look and quality as bomber is my choice. also, i think it is very hard for us all the vote for the new colours when we don't even know what they look like (well at least the full frontal of the jacket, so we can imagine with the colour square provided). a respond will be great. cheers. (p.s. the pics update for the women's jackets are nice but it is just hard to place those samples onto a bigger and taller male.)
@sumquodusom exactly my thinking so its like   other stuff can be wet as long as my phone doesnt wet lol
oops, got my earlier comment censored for linking to another project i guess.  is that not allowed?  sorry if i goofed.  oh well, about the jackets - the vote surprised me, i was hoping for the double zippers and rfid.  i got out a couple of jackets i already own, one with double zipper and one without, and tried wearing them in various simulated travel situations.  good luck getting into lower inside pockets while seated with jacket zipped up and bunched up in your lap!  i couldn't do it in the space provided in an airline seat.  so, i have to rethink my pledge.  i don't think i would use the jacket much without the double zipper; and because i was planning to give several as gifts, i don't think i could do so with confidence that the recipients would like them as much either.  also, i really wonder about the thinking behind so many votes for waterproof phone pockets in jackets that are not meant to be worn in the rain or in a windbreaker that is already water resistant by original design.  what am i missing here? well, there are still time to think it over.  maybe comments from the other backers will help me decide.  cheers!
@ all backers taking poll for women's sweatshirt color: i'm curious which color you like. i really like the variegated light grey in the video and not the solid light grey in the poll. i prefer a variegated color over a solid no matter if it is dark or light grey. it just looks better and different from all other sweatshirts out there, imo. but since i have to choose between the two solid greys in the poll i guess i would rather have the dark grey. what do you all like? maybe it would help me decide.
so excited for this product! just some feedback though... for the womens blazer, do you think it might be better for it to have 2 buttons in front instead of just 1? i feel like it might look nicer and also be more secure when it's actually being used. https://www.facebook.com/media/set/…
@creator please reply my messages before the campaign ends thx
@ owen - about six days ago, creator said, "@carlo jensen : yes the smartphone pocket can fit an iphone 6 plus :)" as for the tablet pocket, at the same time six days ago, cole denny cited earlier comments that stated the ipad pocket would be 8x10. i could not find a statement since early august with creator saying that. however, looking at the photo on the campaign page shows an ipad being slipped into the pocket with room to spare.
i'm also curious as to what material the piping on the bomber will be made of...didn't think of the potential that the piping may wear out quickly and start peeling. i think it would be awesome if the piping could be made of some sort of reflective material for better visibility in the dark. also,  i thought there were going to be tall sizes for women's small and mediums?  are the sizing charts still being updated?
@bruce: where are you seeing the info on the phone pocket sizing? the campaign page(even the faq) didn't say anything about it that i saw.
@creator ollie's comment reminded me that water repellency of many outdoor jackets are not permanent.  how long/how many machine wash cycles would the water repellency of the windbreakers last?   also, how about the iphone pocket water resistance (treatment or the material)?
@ bart  - your concerns have come up before. the ipad or tablet pocket should accommodate any tablet that is 8x10 inches or less, based on comments made earlier. my ipad is 6.75x9.5. my samsung tab 4 is 7x9.5, so both should fit. i would not count on them fitting with their keyboard cases. it has been stated several times that the smartphone pocket will accommodate phones up to sizes such as the iphone 6+ and similar sized phones - about 5.5 inch screens.. you are not limited to an iphone 4 or 5. the charger pocket will have access to the phone pocket, on the left side of the jacket, but will not reach the tablet pocket on the lower right side. i hope this clarifies the situation for you. @ ollie - i'm not getting the bomber, but you have raised a good point. however, it might be too late for such a design change. of course, the baubax staff must address that. @ hung - i agree. i would have gone with a $6 million stretch goal, especially considering what we asked for. i assume they believe the additional costs for the waterproof pockets to warrant the higher goal.
6.5 mil stretch goal is a bit too much don't you think? i mean, it has been 1mil/goal so far.
am hoping i can keep this jacket for years to come and the bomber is my first choice but that pvc leather piping is making me think twice. it will probably start peeling within two years. anyone else thinks the bomber is better off without the piping?
hi, you guys are talking about some ipads, pods or whatever. what is this thing? i wanted a jacket that was versatile and i don't want a jacket that is compatible with only one selected out of many brand of products. can you please explain it to me? why suddenly do i have to get features that meet requirements of few?
thanks for the update that clarified a lot, but nothing was said about a euro/ non american size chart to make things easier. i appreciate measuring ourselves wouldn't be that hard, but surely converting sizing charts is well within the reach of even an establishing clothing company?
what colors will the men's blazer be in now?
@marc: only 1.5 years? that's not much...i still haven't gotten anything(not even the promised refund) from one i backed in nov 2012, with expected delivery feb 2013. the creator went silent may 2013, saying everything was shipped, then came back dec 2014 saying he was sorry for people not getting anything, and was producing replacements(which is when i demanded a check be mailed to me instead). was told it was on the way april this year, and still nothing. shipping from us to canada does, in no stretch of the imagination(unless he strapped it to a snail) take anywhere near that long. this campaign, i don't see that happening, as they are very upfront, and actually ask the backers opinions(some of the things should just be 100% the creators decision though).
hi creeper! looking at your backed projects was a good(bad?) idea! it made me find this one. :d
hi gm!
that delay was 1.5years.. sorry
my record was a 1.5 delay on a project i backed. guys you must be dreaming if you expect that they will be able to stick to the original production timeline. my guess is that delivery will be at least 2-3 month delayed. it is just not possible to produce, inspect, process and ship such a large quantity in the original estimated timeframe. that is just the curse if having such success. i have no problem with this and everyone else should be more realistic about this. i can't believe people still asking for further strechgoals. this means further delays as another item/colour will have to be incoporated in the production.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@michelle: pretty much my thoughts as well, even if it's later than they said by a month, maybe two, due to the production times, i will still be happy when i receive it. i've backed some projects that still haven't delivered(still in production), some that the creators weren't happy with the first copy off the press(didn't like the card stock, or how they felt - was a board game that i did eventually get), or are still in the planning stages(couple of games). so, delays aren't a big worry for me, as long as the product is good quality, the creators are happy with it, and i end up being happy with it(which will take me actually getting it to be able to determine of course).
@steven iltis the creators have elaborated at length on the size of their team, where they've worked before, and even discussed their entire production phase here, including discussion of their manufacturers. that's pretty in-depth. i've backed kickstarters and pre-orders that never gave half that much information on their plans. i think they've just decided to be as straight as possible because in this case the truth should stop us worrying (set us free, if you will). and i want mine for a cross-country flight/trip right before thanksgiving, but if it is a month late, personally, i still want it!
@creator: how realistic is the november 2015 date for fulfillment. a total of $5,460,000 when the goal was $20,000. that's 273 times your original goal. do you have the capacity to fulfill this? i'm just trying to be realistic for myself and other people who are ordering. thanks.
come on people, let's give the @creator some credit here. just because there's not been updates doesn't mean they are on the beach having daiquiris. probably crunching a lot of numbers and making a ton of phonecalls, as i really doubt they initially expected a buzz like this. the original pledge was $20k, they got nearly 5.5m with 14 days to go. there's still a lot of time, and also probably a lot of delays. that's kickstarter, and too much success can be a hindrance if you have to replan everything you planned before.
if it goes another 4 days with no update i'm considering pulling my pledge. we've been over 5 million for a few days now and we've heard nothing
agree with all points allan has made. would be nice for these to be addressed properly, i've been waiting since backing this from the start.
@creator its been more than 24 hours when will u release the new stretch goal?
@allan i share all of your concerns.  i in no way expect these jackets to be on time.  however, i do not think this is a scam or anything, and i expect we will get the product at some point in december or jan.  i am concerned that the quality/functionality/reliability of these jackets will meet our expectations.  what if they break?  there's no warranty.  that being said, i am excited to get my blazer and it's worth the risk.
would be nice to see pictures where the jacket is actually "filled" with everything. so an ipad, iphone, drink-can etc... i wonder if it'll look bulky or uneasy in any way then.
you can see the pen is attached to the removable hood in some of the male pictures.
@taylor - good point. they should provide the pen even though it would not be attached to the jacket. in the pictures, the blazer has the traditional pockets of a blazer. i'm not sure if it will have the drink pocket, or where it would be.
i am wondering does the blazer have the stylus pen?
- 1 month and no new photos (for men and on ks) - 5 million mark no update - 24 hrs poll delay and 48 hrs latter no poll - no interior pictures of the jacket - no demo video really showing the features, and how they are integrated and functional - no technical data of the jackets - a big focus on community changes to the original design (a positive that can potentially become a negative) i'm not saying that all this points are huge problems, but they are yellow and red flags, we are backing an idea and the creators are not giving us the necessary info and they are already breaking dead lines, and acting really weird, right now there are more pictures on facebook that they are on ks, why are not uploading them here??? please make an update and put the full set of photos here so we all can see them and include the missing important data so we can be sure of what we need
great new photos on your facebook page! thank you for showing more of the colors. i am hoping you will also add photos of the grey women's sweatshirt since there are 2 different ones in the photos and video (one is variegated and the other solid). i'm hoping for the former, variegated.
@sumquodsum: i definitely agree with you. and, since they put it in the survey(really hope it is the next goal, and is met), th only thing i want that isn't already set, is the rfid protection.
@rafael; @marc; concur.  i feel like it would be a good idea to back off on the modification suggestions and let the creators/baubax concentrate on meeting the truly huge production challenge they now face.  they still have 14 days to go in the campaign, and depending on how many jackets each backer wants, they could be looking at well over 50,000 jackets that they would very much like to get to us backers in time for the winter holidays.  wow - what a job!  i'm ok with the original design or i wouldn't have backed it for 4.  baubax is using polls too - how about that for customer focus and service!?!  very cool.  it's fun to be a backer of this very clever product...
ooops, that was meant o be a "thumbs up" emoji in my earlier comment.
@ rafael: � for your comment. could not agree more. i am absolutely fine with the original design and maybe a rfid blocking pocket would be good. they have enough trouble with fulfilling such a large order and trying to meet the delivery deadline, that constant requests for updates/changes to the design are not helpful, but if put into production will certainly cause delays to the original production schedule.
how are the hand warmers attached in the sleeve of the blazer? based on the measurements provided, i know i will require the sleeves to be altered. will it be easy enough to alter from the sleeve, or will it be better to alter the sleeves from the shoulders to avoid damaging the hand warmers? as well, is the blazer partially lined, fully lined or not at all?
@izzaaz - it depends on the dimensions of your tablet. earlier comments listed the tablet pocket dimension as 8x10 inches. even if you got the screen in there, i doubt you could get the keyboard/case in there.
would the jacket be able to fit a microsoft surface 3?
as of 11:40 a.m. cdt aug. 19, we had 7,247 backers who got two jackets of some type, 1,002 people who got 3 jackets, and 923 people who got 4 or more jackets. that's 9,172 backers, or 1/3 of the 25,675 backers at that time.
@rafael i love reading what u wrote!!! lol.... hope creator don't end up making the jacket too far off from what we see in the video as that's what me and my friends like. btw i know that the blanket is 40% nylon and 60% synthetic fabric, but could someone describe to me how it feels?
@bruce: guess i should have actually read the entire thing...thanks for the info. now i know my dress coat will be used more often once i get the blazer.
@owen - the temperature range chart on the campaign page has the bottom end for the blazer (and windbreaker) at 55f/27c. they won't be as warm in cool weather as the bomber and sweatshirt. blazers tend to be open by design. however, the detachable hood offers some coverage of the upper chest that the blazer does not cover. i think the blazer, by its nature, tends to be an "indoor" jacket.
i was on the fence about ordering one of these, or even two, and finally decided(yesterday) to become a backer. definitely looking forward to getting mine, and hopefully the rfid shielded passport pocket happens(even if it doesn't, will be a good jacket). my only question, is how warm is the blazer? is it ideal for only up until the fall, or not quite that cold of weather?
@ rafael i agree also. it's getting ridiculous with the suggestions. next someone will want bulletproof material.  i was attracted to the first basic design from the start.
re: new photos - after looking closely at the new photos, it is clear that the men's windbreaker has zippered front/hip pockets (or handwarmer pockets). however, it's also clear that the women's windbreaker does not have zippered pockets. of course, these are demo jackets. i would appreciate it if the baubax folks could clarify what the production jackets will be like. i did see that both windbreakers have drawstrings in the hoods. like the comment below, we need to see more and better pictures of the men's bomber jacket. i still can't tell from the picture of the women's bomber jacket if the hood has drawstrings, but i'm guessing it doesn't. i saw some photos from the back of the women's bomber jacket where the hood was removed. i also saw that the front/hip pockets of the women's bomber jacket does not have zippered pockets. but that may be the norm for that style jacket. most of my cool weather jackets don't have zippered pockets (lands end jackets being the exception). i think we all want to see photos of the inside of the jackets, loaded with the various intended items. we don't get to see the overall look of the jackets loaded in the examples on the campaign page.
@mineharu, i was thinking the same thing. not everyone is on fb. it would be helpful to have other access to the photos.
@creator the photo albums seem to be only accessible to the facebook members.
this item looks great.  can not wait to receive mine.  any chance it may be ready before november?  thank you.
@ rafael; agree 100%. i think that many asking for all sorts of changes/extras are confusing this ks project with an individually tailored garment. it could be the popularity of the project has attracted a lot of new ks backers who are unclear of the purpose and process here.
i want a foldable nuclear fission rocket backpack, with underwater breathing capability and bulletproof resistance for 9mm shells. also it should be in gold, silver and digital camouflage. invisibility is a definite must, but if time constraints won't allow it, radar/sonar cloaking would be reasonable. weight cannot be over 3.17 ounces, and when packed the width shouldn't be over 1/16th inch. absence of those items is a deal breaker and i'll withdraw my pledge. i could go on and on, but let's get real here people, this is kickstarter and while suggestions are very welcome and encouraged, stick to the feasible and don't pressure the @creator into turning a well thought-out product into the frankenstein monster.
@creator i want to request  couple photos of bomber jacket please thanks!!
i have to say that this design is by far the best travel jacket i have seen available. the sev (for those that have seen them) boasts a relatively huge number of pockets; but are they as practical or stylish as this? no way.
@mineharu takahara - no, that is not what they are referring to and if you look through the 1,106 comments (prior to mine now), you'll see that while people were frustrated with color choices initially, thanks to the survey, the project creators are now satisfying the vast majority. i'm sorry you're not happy, but i believe the color choices now are pretty classic - and you can't expect a full range of everything on kickstarter. likely your preference will be available later, when the creators have started their own business and website, which we are helping them do now. i think they'll try to make you happy anyway - they seem pretty nice. what they are referring to by "the previous stretch goal backlash" is the bottle opener, which many of us felt would be awkward on the front of our jackets and also potentially a problem with airport security - and this feature was removed. the 'sensors' that were also 'added' at this stage are also an add-on that nobody wanted as much as an rfid pocket or water-proof pocket, as you can see by reading through the comments. thus the creators realized that creating stretch goals based on what we, the backers, want, would be more popular and result in more gratitude from us - yay!
@creator "the previous stretch goal backlash": if you are referring to the disappointments on the color choices by some of us, that's because you removed some colors that looked great on the video and photos.  there's a big difference between a new feature not getting added vs existing one removed.
test
we've uploaded some pics of men's and women's jackets. here are the links to the facebook album:- men's album: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… women's album: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/…
@sharon: hi! we've learned from the previous stretch goal backlash that it's best to wait for maximum people to take the poll and then announce the stretch goals. announcing it a day or two earlier won't make a lot of difference. it's best to be patient and have the interest of the majority into consideration. hope this makes sense.
@baubax llc do we really need to wait for the other 13,000 backers to take the poll??? if they are not taking the poll we can't have new stretch goal or update??? i think most of us will just want u to announce the result with the 13,000 of us who have taken the poll instead of waiting for the other 13,000. thanks.
@heidi: hi! that was due to the lighting. we just replaced that photo to avoid confusion.
there is a picture of 4 women on the campaign portion of your project. they are wearing each of the jackets being offered. the blue bomber jacket is much, much lighter blue than in all the other pictures of the bomber style pics shown below it. can you give me a very clear idea what the actual blue color will look like for the bomber style? this will greatly influence my color choice. thank you!
you will need to change your pledge to blazer + bomber
@creator hi im a backer on bomber or windbreaker eaelybird tier but is there anyway to add blazer to my order?
@jeremy when the project ends you will receive a survey which will allow you to pick your size/color/style.
does anybody know when the sizing/choice of style will be coming? i pledged $139 and have received nothing from baubax yet concerning which style i want.
@sc cool i think that a foldable ruck sack would be super cool
@creator: you stated that you wanted to upload additional pictures of the male clothing prior to the next update. update went out but still no pictures. we are asking for this for so long now, it really is frustrating that you don't upload those. when will this happen?
also judging by these comments, a lot of people want the original grey color for the women sweater (the one you guys show on the video). if it's a matter of cost, could we have the option to pay more for the original color that was promised?
you guys changed the color on the sweater - the color i originally pay for his no longer listed. why?
@elise - you have it right. just add $25 to the original amount and enter the new total.
i pledged $119 for a bomber a while ago. now i want to also get the pocket blanket. can someone please explain how i do that? do i just change my pledge to $119 + $25 = $144? or do i have to select the blanket somehow?
@ kenny i don't believe the creator took new photos of the men's jackets. the women's photos went up last week. in any case they'd go up on facebook, if there were any.
@ evan, after the campaign ends, a survey will be sent to all backers regarding their pledge. this is when you will specify colour and size, as well as mailing address.
when do we choose size and color?
what i don't understand is why the bomber is the only jacket that has different colours for men and women. all the others share colours but the mens bomber has military where the women's gets red, why can't there be four colours for each gender or 3 the same?
i'm having a hard time taking the latest poll. i cannot vote because i do not understand the options. on mobile they are cutting off and not readable.
@rodrigo khalil  yes exactly, like the drawstring gym bags! glad others think it's a great idea too. i know it will be extremely useful. stretch goal pleeaase!!
the female version of the blazer seems quite open at the front. would it not be better with 2 buttons? the male version has 2 buttons and it doesn't look as open at the front. i would like to use one more button if i am freezing at a plane. a hidden button to use in similar cases would be ideal. i really like that the female version of the blazer seems to be fitted and feminine. i was quite worried about that. well done!
these photos keep getting referred to as going up this weekend/next 48 hours and no sign of them... when are the men's improved photos really going up?
from earlier on in the comments: the size of the ipad pocket will be 8inches by 10inches. (that is 200mm x 255mm).
@creator please answer this what is the dimension of the pocket for the tablet?? will it be able to accomodate tablet with dimension of 189mm x 295mm x 9.5 mm?
could creator have all 4 type jacket size conversion to asian?
i filled out poll yesterday, and added double zip as my top preference, but i would add the foldable back pack that others have mentioned as my number two choice.  i just finished a 4 continent trip and the foldable pack would have been used more times than i can count.  here's hoping that both become stretch goals!
@steve nah forget camberwell is it this one?  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@laurensius. you can check it out at a kathmandu store; there's one in camberwell.
@steve ah cool guess ill  vote that as my most desired stretch goal :)
@laurensius the double zipper intitially does up just like a normal zipper. then you also have a tag at the bottom that you can unzip up so that the bottom part is undone a bit. this to make it more comfortable when sitting and to better access trouser pockets etc. when you put both tags to the bottom again, the jacket will be totally unzipped and can be opened as usual.
sorry but im still not sure how will the double zipper actually work from the poll @creator
filled it out this afternoon.
hey guys, i responded to the poll but received a second reminder to do it! so i've done it again, same answers same email should be alright and only count as one. just letting you know we hear you and are super excited to have hit this 5m milestone! ;) @sc i too like that idea, i'd use that all the time!
congrats on hitting the $5million mark. how about updating everyone on the actual measurements of the jackets??  at this point of your design, since you are not making any dramatic changes, should have a pretty good idea on the measurements of all the sizes you plan on offering.  thank you.
update status?
@adam thanks! i will surely be adding them in the survey!
@sc yes! im guessing like the gym bags that you pull two strings and it closes
agree with comment from @dd yesterday. jackets should be presented in a foldable thin / flat backpack that fits into one of the pockets. an on-the-go lightweight backpack to carry stuff and/or jacket when not in use. brilliant idea! stretch goal?? anyone else think this is an amazing idea?
@ibrahim they said earlier that the half scoops would basically be a separate add on glove that is not attached to the coat directly, unless i was reading it wrong.  that way you can choose to use them or not and it won't be a problem with hand size.
@ibrahim i also wanna know in the end which is chosen as the next stretch goal!!!!
@mirren - the size conversions to eu will be posted by the end of the month.
@sharon lol. hopefully we get an update soon! excited for future stretch goals and stuff.
would be really good if: - we could know the length on the jackets exactly - could see a size guide showing where to measure for sizes - comparison of sizes to some other brands - especially european ones! saying that it is the same size as american eagle isn't helpful for me as they're not in my country. looking forward to getting my jackets!
@pamela - sooo sorry (not) ha - same thing happened to me from a post on the pebble smartwatch campaign - brought me here to this great jacket!  i guess ks can be a little addictive; so many great ideas!  but we get to help make cool stuff and to have it too.  i hope you enjoy all you rewards ;-)
@ibrahim where i am it's 5mins to tuesday!!! lol.....
also i'm excited for the update.... they said monday evening. where in my living it's monday evening but i guess not from thier place. hopefully i can see the update at midnight
@sharon yes, you're right, and i just hope they choose someone like dhl just not ups. adam yes i hope they make an in depth video showing all pockets and stuff. also does anyone know if the half scoop gloves are free? i'm pretty sure they are. and are they going to be separate? so i can put them in the pockets when not using them? if then i'm definitely interested in getting them. i was just worried the might not fit my fingers.
is the blanket designed to be kept in the pocket all the time or just when you're travelling?  how much bulk does it add to the blazer?  it would be great to see pictures of someone wearing each jacket with all of the pockets filled with stuff to see how it handles ipads and phones.
@sharon thank you!!! :d
@lulsanna rodriguez, this is the answer i got from cole denny when i ask the same question a few days ago. cole denny 2 days ago to all the people asking, some questions were answered early in the comments. "the blanket is made up of 40% nylon and 60% synthetic fabric. we are still working on finalizing the blanket fabric as we want to achieve the best temperate range for traveling on flights" "the drink pocket is lined with neoprene which will allow your drink to be insulated" "the size of the ipad pocket will be 8inches by 10inches. the iphone pocket can fit an iphone 6+ or a samsung galaxy note sized phone. you should be able to connect a cable from the portable charger pocket to the iphone pocket, not to the ipad pocket." they may have changed some of these as all of this was posted on june 27-28.
can you please put up a torso size for the women's options. i have a long torso and i'm really worried that these are going to be too short, need to know if i will need to size up or not.
what material is the blanket made out of?
@ibrahim that was aramex when they were new. they are getting better with each shipment. once item reach ur country they will deliver within 2-3days. as for ups, my items already in their warehouse since 7th aug, till now i haven't get them...... and this is not the 1st time they did this..... it's countless times!!! once they even want me to self collect from their warehouse.... they are that lazy!!!!
@sharon i have experience with aramex. they take a month for me sometimes lol
it is awesome to see the project reach 5m milestone. looking forward to receiving this outstanding jacket.
went for the blazer!  would be interested in petite sizing proportionally; brooks bros and armani blazers (petite) seem to fit me.  i have an armani blazer that i have beat to hell now; has been my go-to travel blazer. both my brooks bros are showing their wear, and they're both less than a year old.  i have been looking for a stylish, utility travel blazer all my life.  i would rather have it lie nicely on my body than accommodate a canned drink and pen in my torso!  please keep it sweet and simple.  like the idea of the built-in half-glove (which i wear anyway), detachable hoodie, and wrinkle-free (but good quality) fabric.  you have the right idea for a person who wants efficiency through the airport and travelling from place to place for work.  good luck to you, and i hope you succeed!
woooo $5 million achieved! congratulations baubax!
@sumquodsum you are not helping my pocket book, lol
thanks. what about the men style photo shoot? and more details on the pockets and compartments?
@mike: don't worry. we are a much larger team with people who've worked previously at company's such as the north face, columbia, vans, old navy, nordstrom, etc.
@mike kopack - if one thing is for sure its kickstarts always get delayed. on the other hand however i like the idea of how baubax has 3 different manufacturers. how much you wanna bet 1 of the 3 will have serious quality issues though! it will probably be the one making the blazers. @baubax congrats on hitting 5m!!!! looking forward to hearing about the next stretch goal.
@creator - just a suggestion - i hope you are staffing up appropriately to deal with the substantially higher number of orders than you had originally anticipated. the numbers involved here are not the sort of thing you're going to be able to handle on your own with just 3 people in a reasonable amount of time.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
please.. include men's bomber with 'red' colour.. that's all i'm asking for.. i'm sure not only me requesting for this colour.. why is it available only for the ladies..? =(
i'm not aware of any decent blazer that's machine washable.
i read that you will not be able to show items in all colors but could you show pictures of the fabric itself. that way color choice will be easier.
congrats on the 5m goal!!! now i wish the blazer will be machine washable...
@ lim yue xiu, sorry for mis-spelling your name in the previous post.
@lim yuer xiu, i'm sorry if you thought i was lecturing you. i was just trying ton explain the process as it is clear many backers of this project are new to kickstarter and may not understand delivery is projected before manufacturing has even commenced. this can lead to all sorts of unforeseen delays. expecting a product to even arrive in the projected month is highly optimistic. i have backed successful projects and delivery is on occasions up to 6 months after the projected date. i was trying to dampen overly optimistic expectations. another project that has been successfully backed has one backer asking where his reward is and the survey has yet to be sent. please don't take my explanation as a personal criticism, it was not meant to be.
yay!!! congratulation on $5m stretch goal!
ammm... the blazer colors does not indicate the gray option...
@ronan no, it is not.
@ibrahim i've experience with i-parcel, dhl, ups and aramex. and ups is the worst.... slowest.... and when u call to check with ur tracking number, their reply is always "i don't know" dhl is the best and fastest and when u call with ur tracking number they can tell u if it is out for delivery or when it will be deliver or do u wish to change delivery time or date all can be done with a short phone call!!! i-parcel u can't track as for international shipment once it is pass to ur local post the tracking number change. aramex they work short hours..... so there are delays too..... they work from 9am-6pm only.... no nite delivery...... so if there is any traffic jams/accident/unforeseen things along the way u might not get ur shipment on the promised date, coz they don't work ot.
does the bomber is waterproof ?
@sharon i want to know too! if you have experience with dhl then i hope they choose that! as long as they choose a good one i'm perfect with it.
@baubax llc btw, what courier company are u using for international shipping? will u be using dhl? if yes will be nice coz i can get my jackets in less than 7 days!!! dhl is fast and good!!! p.s. please don't use ups..... they are very slow..... i mean super slow.......
yes!
thanks guys!! :) we are so happy to unlock the touch screen gloves for you all. we are waiting for some more backers to take the poll. we'll wait until monday evening to ensure maximum backers have taken the poll and then send out an update. stay tuned!
@ibrahim i hope so too!!! i'm so excited!!! lol.... i wanna know the next stretch goal!!! will someone ring their hp to let them know it's time for updates!!!
congrats baubax and all of the kickstarter backers for reaching $5m!  now, we just have to get this campaign into the top 10 funded of all time!  only ~400k to go.
@sharon lol i hope they give us an update very soon
wow!!!! ya!!!! reach 5mil!!!! i got gloves!!!! ok.... now can we know the next stretch goal???? lol....
@creator please show an updated video maybe? like showing the inside, like a full in depth video. thanks and congrats on 5 mil!
woot woot 5 mil, congrats!
broken through the $5mn goal!!!! yeah!
looks like the campaign will hit $5mn today - i'm seeing the numbers increase even while i'm typing this post.  woohoo!   :-d   any bets on what the total will be at the end of the campaign?
@zach, select "manage your pledge" and on the top, increase the amount by the price of the blanket.
how can we add the blanket to our purchase without canceling the initial pledge?
@rolts if you read my previous comment, i was simply asking it will reach me by then, i was neither rushing nor complaining. i fully understand what i am supporting and there is no need for you to lecture based upon one simple question.
@scott brown, i don't plan to wait 2-3 yrs, i plan to wait till christmas before i start screaming!!! lol
@mineharu takahara @shari @megan m @christa carter: we will be sending more information about the color options for each style in our next update. please stay tuned! @ allan chia : we have had a photo-shoot for women jackets and the pictures have been uploaded on the campaign page. you can also check our facebook link : https://www.facebook.com/media/set/…
honestly, i doubt u guys will stick to the timeline to deliver the products by this year, with so much orders to fulfill.
where are the photos for all the jackets? u promised to show in the previous updates, no? i like ur ideas of waterproofing the tech pockets, but with more stretch goals coming up, this means u guys are adding more features to an already complex product.
@sharon i agree quality is really important, but i just don't want to wait 2-3 years. i am a strong supporter and have a lot of belief in them and their project. i hope they are prepared.
@rolts, even online stores always have delay in shipping!!! lol now we are talking abt a jacket that is not in production yet, so i'll be happy if it can reach me before christmas!!!!
@ edward & lim yue xiu, kickstarter and the projects here are not the same as an online store. you are financing the creators' attempt to bring a project to a viable production stage. in other words, you are supporting research & development through to a full developed product. you are then rewarded for your support and according to your degree of support with items as listed in the campaign. the production dates are proposed, not guaranteed. because ks projects are not fully developed online retailers, shipping has to be organised and negotiated with third parties, hence can be problematic. i've backed projects that even after posting, the reward has taken weeks to arrive. you need to understand that backing a project is not a retail experience and hence you can't base your expectations on buying a product from an online supplier/store. here you get to follow a products development, production if successfully funded and all the complexity that ensues.
dear baubax, how about having the jackets come in a pouch which doubles up as a foldable thin / flat back pack that fits into one of the pockets ? best wishes
around when in november will this be shipped to backers? i have a flight around the last week of november and would be nice to have this before then..
does anyone know what fabric the gloves are made of?  are they the same for all jackets?
ooooh, zippers - i wonder what the creators will do?  i've broken all kinds in my fairly long life (so far) in hiking, camping, military, skiing, rain, cycling, wow, so many zippers.  i don't think i could point to one type that fails more than others, but i sure do like the convenience of the double ones.  all i ask of baubax is to use good ones, please, whatever type they choose. i'm gifting some of my jackets/rewards so please, baubax, make us all look good....
i also agree with an earlier post that 2 buttons on the ladies blazer would be nice and feel more secure.
i have to agree with earlier comments that i was sad to see the grey blazer go.
i love the updated photos! will there be a way to see all sample colors on the items before officially ordering when the survey is sent out?
@ shari - earlier comments indicated that the pen would come with a couple of refills. creator can correct me if i am wrong.
is the pen going to have a refillable cartridge?  or at least be available to purchase a new one when the ink runs out? i am assuming it will be black ink?
the ladies blazer only have 1 button? 2 buttons will better secure the blazer and more smart looking. possible to add additional 1 more button to it?
can you post more pictures on your fb of thethe women's sweatshirt in charcoal? i know this has been asked before and gone unanswered...is the women's charcoal going to be like that one on the plane (texture grey/white streaks) or will it be plain grey? i'm hoping it's like the one in the video. also please clarify the blue bomber jacket color. it looks medium blue in one photo and dark blue/navy in another. i am hoping it is more of a navy. thanks and great job!
@creator men's red windbreaker looks orange-ish compared to women's on the photos.  are these suppose to be the same?  if prototypes of all available colors are not made yet, can you post photos of all available fabrics in different colors instead?  like the ones in "supreme quality fabric" section showing the textures would be helpful.
hello, i'm hoping to use the jacket before my holiday on the 26th of nov and was wondering if it would reach singapore by then?
@sumquodsum @christa carter - one of the jackets i had with the zipper problems was columbia. also mountain warehouse. even so called "quality jackets" have problems with a double zipper
@cole denny, thanks for the info. @scott brown, i don't mind if the jacket reach me in dec, as long in time for christmas. but i really hope the creator won't compromise the quality to meet the timeline of nov. to me quality is the most important.
oh my goodness i'm so sorry. i posted on the wrong campaign. no notification, sorry for false alarm/hope.
just got my shipping notification!
you probably answered this but i can only scroll for so long. will the amount of customization (various colors, various sizes, and various jacket options) along with the amount of volume, affect the time it takes to make and send out the jackets? other clothing kickstarters, especially ones with high volume, the amount of options tend to severely affect either quality or timelines. see radiate athletics
@ rob duong : we will send a survey in september to obtain these details.
when do we pick our size and color.
to all the people asking, some questions were answered early in the comments. "the blanket is made up of 40% nylon and 60% synthetic fabric. we are still working on finalizing the blanket fabric as we want to achieve the best temperate range for traveling on flights" "the drink pocket is lined with neoprene which will allow your drink to be insulated" "the size of the ipad pocket will be 8inches by 10inches. the iphone pocket can fit an iphone 6+ or a samsung galaxy note sized phone. you should be able to connect a cable from the portable charger pocket to the iphone pocket, not to the ipad pocket." they may have changed some of these as all of this was posted on june 27-28.
@bruce gilliland @steve : thank you for helping sharilyn :) @ shari : baubax blanket is an add-on item and does not come with the jacket @ leng kee : our jackets are in prototype stage and we have not made prototypes in all colors. it will be difficult to have pictures in all colors.  @carlo jensen : yes the smartphone pocket can fit an iphone 6 plus :) @mineharu takahara : unfortunately, the pink color for women sweatshirt did not get many votes in our polls :( @pamela feader : thank you for helping brian :)
i don't want a sizing chart. i want the measurements of the jackets. your sizing chart is comparable to your jackets, but not an exact size. i need to know if an xl or xlt will fit the best. measurements of your jackets.
@ sharilyn - the blanket is an extra $25 purchase. see the faqs at the bottom of the campaign page on how to add the cost of a blanket to your jacket order.
@sharilyn: all the info you need is at the bottom of the campaign page. (you add $25 per blanket to your pledge amount.)
is the blanket separate or come with the jacket?
@baubax  will be possible for you to update the pictures of all the jackets with all the available color?
@carlo jansen  i'm sure the poll features are to apply across all jackets (sweatshirt, windbreaker, bomber & blazer) for future stretch goal. and we will be able to see it soon as baubax are close to the $5m goal... so cheer! =)
by the way, i hope the phone pocket is big enough for à iphone 6 plus.....
i got a poll for the jacket, but i ordered à sweatshirt. ???????
@mineharu they took a poll and selected the colors based on the responses. i was sad to see the grey go.
where did women's pink sweatshirt go??  my wife was looking forward to get one...
are the inner pockets on the blazer on the removable hood or really sewn to the blazer itself?
@pamela thank you for catering to my laziness ;)
@brian, they commented earlier that they will be adding more pictures later "we will be uploading more photos on our facebook page before we send out the next update. for now, we've uploaded women's jacket photos " also this is the description of the drink pocket from the campaign page  "koozie drink pocket: no more fumbling with your drink and your laptop on a plane table tray. with our insulated neoprene koozie drink pocket, keep your hot drinks warm, cold drinks cool and your hands free for work.
so are we not going to get any more detailed photos of the men's jackets? i'm not really concerned with photo quality, i'd just like to see inside, pockets, etc. also... is the drink pocket insulated? if not, could it be? kind of like a koozie...
@william; @michelle; and others thinking about the double zipper feature -- i have several items (not just jackets) with them and no failures so far ;-)   there are probably poor quality ones that folks have had bad luck with, but the ones i have from columbia, eddie bauer, and cabelas in casual wear, rain gear, and camping equipment all work well without problems for me in frequent long-term use in the colorado mountains' high altitudes and in the pacific nw rains.  @michelle's point on the way double zippers work/repair themselves is on the mark.  i will advocate that such fasteners (of high quality) should be an essential feature in baubax jackets.  i don't think i would drop out of this campaign based on this - after all, i did join up already for several jackets, and they don't have that feature as of today.  i do hope they add it though!  they are sure to hit that $5million stretch goal very soon so the polls will inform and the creators will decide.  this is the collaborative fun of kickstarter!
gotta say i'm for the double zipper. i've had one on my columbia jacket and you wouldn't believe how handy it was to unzip the jacket from the bottom instead of the top. ive also had the jacket for years and still no issue. i also don't feel the nitpicking about what we're calling a phone pocket is really necessary,  said the android user. i think what's more necessary than what we call the pocket, is the dimensions of the pocket which i am curious about. so with that being said,  @creator could you give us the dimensions  of the phone and tablet pocket? thank you!
@ jake - i think they show in the video where you simply remove the jacket, with all its gear in the pockets, and place in a tub to run through the scanner. of course, some tsa agents may be more strict and want to check your ipad.
thanks for the updates to the photos. now i can have a better look of the windbreaker. and as others have said, it would be nice having some back view photos. and also what is the material of the blanket?  i have 19 days more before deciding how many blanket(s) to add in to my 6 piece pledge. and also hope as u promise, there will be no extra shipping charge when i add in blanket(s) as i'm under "anywhere in the world" thanks again for your hard work!!!
this may have already been addressed, but is there any concern with taking these jackets and sweaters that are riddled with secret pockets, charging wires, batteries, inflatable blatters, etc. through security?
zippers: to everyone commenting negatively about the double zippers, i wonder (not sarcasm) if you had a high end jacket. i have double zippers on all my athleta and columbia jackets and i feel like they are higher quality - it's a new phase in technology of double zippers now where you don't have trouble with them in the quality zipper. rather, you are always guaranteed to have a working zipper because even if they 'go the wrong way or get unzipped the wrong way' you still end up with no problem and a working zipper. in any case, most likely the rfid or waterproof phone pocket will win out, but a double zipper is essential to a quality jacket these days and you will be seeing them on your favorite products going forward.
@ andrew - your reply makes a lot of sense. i do see among my friends android devices of many different sizes and i can understand your concern. personally, i dislike the new larger apple devices as they are too big for my hands. however, at the risk of being pedantic, i have to add that apple has only changed the dock connector once in ten years. (full disclosure: i was an apple genius for 4 years, though that actually made me less of an apple fan, not more.)
@pamela, wow i didn't even notice that feature was already added! thanks!
@olga - sorry, but i think you have the wrong end of the stick (and are also incorrect).  yes "android devices are highly fragmented" but that's really an issue that's brought up with software design.  size-wise, as long as we can be informed what the maximum size device we will be able to fit in the pocket, we will be fine.  hardly any other devices out there are "iphone" size, and given that even apple seem to be chopping and changing with their own device sizes recently (remember when they said they'd never go widescreen?), it'd be a bit silly for baubau to say that they are made for iphones but when the iphone 7 or 8 comes out which might be a completely different size device, no longer fits in the pocket of the jacket. the number of times i've purchased an item of clothing which included a "mobile device" pocket which became completely useless next time i updated my mobile phone, is pretty depressing.  i'm sure you apple guys can appreciate with similar issues like when apple decide to change their ports etc making your docks useless.  that said, my original point wasn't really to do with the size (although knowing the size of the pockets is very important), but more to do with calling it an iphone pocket, even though apple have the largest market share for a single device model, they have a much less market share in the grand scheme of things.  it seems rather silly to label it as such.
@gerardo, if you look at the picture where it lists and points to all the features you'll see that there already is a charger pocket :)
hello, i wanted to leave a suggestion for another feature, if theres still time one: a portable charger pocket. this jacket has both a phone and a tablet pocket, so it'll be a cool idea that you can add a portable charger pocket, so customers can add a charger inside and be able to charge thier devices while not in use!
saw the pictures on the facebook page and the blazer is still only shot from the side, you cannot see the shape and fit that way. how can you not shoot it from the front like you did with the three other models? pictures of all the models from the back would also be very helpful.
@chris m - good point about the phone pocket. a lot of android and other phones are larger than iphones, even the current iphone 6. so, before they start cutting and sewing, the pocket needs to be tested with at least a samsung or other phone with larger than a 5" screen. the same holds true for the "ipad" pocket. there are android tablets of similar size. based on the photo, i suspect the pocket would hold only the tablet and not a keyboard/case.
upon re-reading my earlier post, i can see that it could well come across as threatening which was absolutely not my intention at all, i was just trying to keep the message as short as possible. i think this is a wonderful set of jackets otherwise i would not have backed the campaign. all i really meant was that, in my experience, double zippers are clumsy to use, very fiddly to connect together and the mechanism breaks very quickly and because i've been bitten a few times, i won't buy yet another jacket with this kind of fastening. to put it a better way, if the jacket originally came with a double zipper i would not have backed it in the first place. it is obvious not everyone has had a bad experience like mine and a lot of backers seem to want a double zipper. fair enough. just a wee thing to consider, though - the more parts you have, the more likely something will go wrong. i really want this jacket but if a feature is added i don't like, i will let the creators know and they can make their decisions at least partly based on all feedback from all backers.
@ brian - not sure how tall the pocket is (ie: the opening) but the campaign details state the tablet pocket is 10 inches long.  @ andrew - i noticed the iphone focus too, the tablet pocket details say it should hold any full size tablet, but not sure about the smart phone pocket.  i know my samsung has trouble fitting into other pockets labelled for iphones, at least in the case. guess i want to know the dimensions as well. grats on the project so far though baubax. bet you weren't expecting this much support! :)
@andrew - since the windbreaker is only water-resistant and not waterproof, it is highly unlikely that the bomber would have more treatment. also, i believe that creator has said that the bomber will not be waterproof or water resistant. as for what the pockets are called, as long as the size of the idevice is the same as the size of your alternate device, there's no reason to feel ostracized. apple has the biggest single market share (android devices are highly fragmented among many models) so it makes sense to use a metric that most people will be familiar with.
why all the focus on "ipad" and "iphone" pockets? why ostracize all us android/windows/blackberry phone users?  the pockets are not specifically aimed at apple devices so why bother saying they are!?   and any update on the possibility of the bomber jacket being waterproof?  seems silly that it isnt.
what are the dimensions of the ipad pocket? will it be able to hold a 8 1/2 x 11 folder of paper or a notebook? would really like the sweatshirt to be 80/20 cotton/poly fabric. please add pictures with all pockets being utilized where will these jackets be sold in retail after the kickstarted?
@ jeff +1000.
@creator - hello! two questions: 1. will you be showcasing pictures of the jackets where the pockets are all utilized by the items you listed above? want to know if it will look bulky/chunky. 2. for your female model, thank you for letting us know that she is a us size m. if possible, do you happen to have her weight/body measurements so we have a clearer reference point on how we should select our sizes? otherwise, (since i'm looking into bomber jacket) my best guess is i should go into an american eagle store to try on some of their jackets and see which size best fits me and select that size with your jackets.
@adam i understand your point. i'm not trying to tell people not to be diligent consumers. by all means ask questions about the product. that's what the comments section is for. i was just trying to say that some people come hear with a very negative attitude and rather than reviewing the product with constructive criticism, they demand that their specific preference be added. i personally really enjoying reading comments and reviews on products i buy, so i like to promote a community that is more constructive and cooperative.
please what is the fabric of the blanket ? suggestions : a flashlight and at least 2 hidden pockets, more colors (green)
another question. will the women's blue bomber be a navy blue like shown in the older photos, or the brighter blue in the newer photos?  (or is it just a trick of the light?) if you're considering changing colors... i'd prefer a darker blue.
@jeff  i agree with your assesment of the overall product and the pickyness of wanting the creators to add more and more.  what i don't agree with is the implications that we shouldn't conduct our personal due diligence as a consumer.  kickstarter is a great platform but one that everyone should be weary of.  my goal is to ask lots of questions to get a better idea of the creators and their vision.  if i find that they fail to convince me that they are honest and transparent entrepreneurs who are trying to disrupt the travel jacket market with a new and unique product then i'll withdraw my pledge.  as of now, i am a bit hesistant because of their lack of a record on delivering products to consumers in a timely fashion.  in my example, i want the blazer but i'm debating whether it will fit me properly as slim fit suit jackets often are too tight on me.  so far, i am still willing to take the risk and i am optomistic this project will be a home run.
@ marian jamieson : the male model is wearing a us size l and the female model is wearing us size m. @ sumquodsum : thank you for your comments :)
@jeff - your comments and advice are wise!  good reading for all backers. @creator/baubax thanks for the new pix - they add more to what we know.  of course all you can show and tell us is welcome but some will never get enough to make a decision - must be tough being them!  thanks for the poll and for listening to us backers.  you are the best - keep up good work and take care.  i'm so looking forward to getting my jacket and seeing looks on faces of those i plan to gift with them!  ;-d
nice to see more pictures! could you please tell us what size each model is wearing, and what their height is? it will help with deciding to order a tall or regular size.  thanks!
@paula baworska  : the charcoal color is a little darker grey as compared to what we had offered earlier. the male model in the pictures is wearing a charcoal color sweatshirt. @ariel @alessandra : the poll will be sent out to all our bakers. we are still in process of sending out the message. you shall receive yours soon :) @ jeff : thank you for your comments :)
@jeff,  clap, clap, clap :)
i have the same question as ariel - i can't find the poll either!  very excited about this project :)
first, i think this is a brilliant idea. i'm am a hoodie/sweatshirt enthusiast as well as a traveler so this will be a great addition to my collection. second though, i think people need to chill out a little. i love that the fact that people offer suggestions and baubax responds to those suggestions, but comments such as "if they don't add this or if they do add this then will back out of my pledge" are very self-centered and rude. baubax is not going to cater to individual wants and honestly, if you don't like the jacket then don't get it. it's that simple. it's a great idea and for the most part they have showed all the details and listed colors and sizes. they have promised pictures but even if they take a while don't complain. if you're not happy, then don't get it. but don't come to the comments section complaining about what you want a product to be instead of just accepting it for what it is.
hi! was the poll sent out to all of the backers, or only a sample?
could you show photos of the colors individually please, i noticed that you removed the grey sweatshirt from the color choices and that was the one i was looking to purchase. the one the girl wore onto the airplane in the video. will it still be available since i backed when it was? if it isn't i'd like to see the charcoal compared to the grey, how much darker or lighter is it?
@ adam sheffler: we wouldn't recommend altering the blazer from the waist, but only the sleeves. altering only from the waist can spoil the fitting @annie: we will obtain these details in a survey after our campaign ends in september @william taggart: a lot of our bakers have been checking for the double zipper. we are taking a poll to see what the majority of bakers feel. our poll results will be out soon. @martin lo: it will be difficult to make any further modification to the design at this stage. @ julia gosztyla ziobro : thank you for your comment :)
just filled in the stretch goal survey and was disappointed to see a double zipper listed. i have had a few jackets with double zippers and every one has broken within a few weeks of wear. not to mention the difficulty in zipping the jackets up in the first place. they are useless. i'm afraid if the double zipper is included i will withdraw my pledge. sorry but i am not wasting money on this poor piece of tech
hi, i just made a pledge and wanted to confirm that the type of jacket (bomber or windbreaker), size, and color will be chosen once the funding closes?
i've asked this before, but i'll ask again.  how much can these jackets be altered? can the blazer's waist be let out? again, thanks for responding to the comments.  feedback like this in a timely fashion really improves my confidence in the product.
@baubax llc thanks for the guide on the jacket sizes of the models! :-)
please make sure that samsung flagship devices like the note 4 and s6 fit into the phone pockets, and that kindles and android tablets fit in any ipad pocket. if this is iphone only, i'm out. android devices are bigger sellers around the world than ithings. :-)
@bruce: in the prototype, the bomber doesn't have a draw string, but it will have it in the final product. the blazer would have the passport pocket inside. the tall size jackets are longer by 1.5inch in body length and 1 inch in sleeve length than the normal size jackets. hope this helps =)
is it possible to make the glove (the one that attached to the jacket) won't block the watch (e.g. apple watch)?
@marc: hi! we will be uploading more photos on our facebook page before we send out the next update. for now, we've uploaded women's jacket photos - here is the link: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/…
@adam: hi! the blazer has a detachable hoodie with the zipper lining for attaching and detaching. yes, the blazer has front hand warming pockets. currently we don't have a better photo of the men's bomber but that jacket is extensively covered in the video, we hope it makes up for now.
@ creator: i have to say that i am extremely disappointed with the new pictures you uploaded. you have promised for weeks to upload new pictures and hinted at a new professional photo shoot and as it took a while and the release of the new pictures had been pushed back a few times, people (or at least i did) assumed that was probably due to the extend of new pictures........ and then after all that hype all you uploading is 1 or 2 new pictures of women jackets ???  with the project now approaching the $5m mark i figured there would've been an elaborate spread of pictures showing front, side and back and the new stretch goal colours. i still have no idea how the blazer looks from the back. how does the blazer look in navy blue, how does the hoodie look in grey, etc the photo of the male bomber jacket is so overshadowed that i can't make out any details. can you please upload more pictures relating to the outlined above. otherwise i will probably ditch the blazer from my pledge, as i simply don't know how it looks from the back. and as i can't return it when bought via kickstarter, in case i don't like it, i am not willing to spend money on this without having more pictures. then i rather reduce my pledge for a sweatshirt only and wait until you have an online shop to order the blazer and or bomber jacket. (assuming with this success that you already in the process of getting ready to have an online store up and running) plus then i would assume that items bought via your online store can be returned.
@creator to repeat a question i had, as well as the question i see bruce has as well - is there a drawstring for the hood in the bomber? i'm also disappointed there aren't more photos of the men's jackets, even just lying flat on a white surface, like one would see on a clothing store website. not all shots of the jackets need to be action shots with models. we just want a better look at the jackets!
@bas: if you are tall and slim, and/or have long hands, then the tall sizes would make more sense for a better fit. we suggest you follow the sizing chart
@t l: hi, the guy in the pics is wearing a us size l. the girl in the pics is wearing us size m.
is it possible to see some closer video like this one for example : https://www.youtube.com/watch… i would like to see this clothes more in detail before buying. thanks.
@ekaterina: hi! we have shot different views and poses and soon we'll be uploading the side and back view photos on our facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… it was a strategic decision to shoot the photos in the open and not in a studio. we don't think there is anything extra you will get to see if the model was standing with the same pose inside a studio.
@hyowon: yes, those pictures are from the new photo shoot. this latest photo shoot was only for women's jackets because all earlier images of women's jackets were screenshots from videos. also, we have built a new prototype of women's sweatshirt as longer length was requested by majority of the women backers. all photos of men's jacket are kept as it is because they were professionally shot before the campaign was launched. we can't show more colors because we have not built the prototypes in all colors. we didn't want to increase the length of our campaign page (which is quite long already), hence we've uploaded some more pics on our facebook page. here is the link: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… we will upload more pics soon, for both men and women. we'll also upload, front, back and side views on the fb page.
@creator - i now see that the bomber jacket in the woman's photo has hand warmer pockets. i had been looking at one of the men's photos where they could not be seen.
@creator - some questions and observations about the various jackets: 1. does the bomber have outside front/hip pockets? i can't tell from the photos. 2. do the outside front/hip pockets on the windbreaker (and bomber) have zippers? 3. the blazer does not appear to have the upper right drink holder pocket, or the upper left "passport" pocket. i assume this is a design issue. the blazer appears to have the traditional front/hip pockets and the left breast pocket of that style of jacket. 4. does the bomber hood have a drawstring like the windbreaker and sweatshirt? i see that it has a snap flap to cover the throat. 5. where you have "tall" sizes, about how much longer is the jacket, compared with the "regular" size?
those pictures were your 'new' photoshoot?  not trying to sound like a douche, but it feels more like those were pictures that have already been archived from an older shoot. as others have suggested and i assumed when you guys mentioned photoshoot, why couldn't there have been a plain background /white backdrop or taking pictures of the jackets on mannequins or as is. for the duration that we waited, i figured there would've been an elaborate spread of pictures showcasing specific angles (front/side/back), poses (sitting down, standing up,etc), actions (jumping, lifting arms (will it look/feel comfortable still, would it stretch/break or not)), and actual color / side by side comparison between all of them. i apologize for my tone.  i fail to see how the new pictures show anything new.  i still love the jackets, just perhaps too much hype generated for the new photos.
the new pictures are better but not at all what i expected, you still can't see the products properly. action shots are great, but we need proper product pictures on plain background with a view from the front, side and back. also pictures of the jackets without the models would be great. as it stands now i really cant tell if i like the blazer or hate it, the model is not facing forward in any of the shots, no idea what the fit and shape would be. @adam sheffler watch the video, that's the detachable hood. @bsa nijholt you need to take your measurements in inches and consult the sizing chart.
oh and does the blazer have the easy access front pockets that will warm your hands? another question is that the blazer looks so tight on her, would that offer any warmth at all? plus it would bulk up awkwardly with accessories. i was hoping for lifestyle pics with the pockets filled with stuff.  i also requested new pictures for the men because at least the bomber pic is obscured by shadow. the women's bomber lifestyle pic is much easier to see.  i'm still not lowering my pledge. if you guys pull this off i'll use this blazer all the time. i just hope it's not so form fitting as to undermine the pocket space. this won't actually replace any sport coats.
does the blazer have a liner with a zipper? it's hard to tell if they are wearing a zip up underneath or if it's attached to the blazer itself.
@baubax llc could you tell us the sizes of each jacket that the male and female models are wearing in the photos? this could help some of us gauge what size to get, too. thank you!
how sturdy will the sweatshirt be? i'm afraid that it will be pulled down with the weight of the gadgets. also, if i put my smartphone and my ipad on the pockets, will it look weird and all "squared" from the outside?
i don't know whether i need a tall size, i'm 184 cm (6 ft. 1 inch). what do you guys consider to be "tall" persons?
could you also provide the size chard in cm, because sometimes i get confused the size in inch...thank you before, hope this project is realized, can't wait...keep up the amazing work !
thank you for the new pictures!  they look great. i love that the women's sweatshirt looks a bit longer thank the original. nothing is worse than a sweatshirt that rides up when you sit down :) keep up the great work!
@ekaterina selezneva: thank you for helping out our supporters @tommy sar @jonathan chung: thanks!
i definitely hopped on the bandwagon a bit late, but thank goodness for facebook! saw your ad on there and decided to get a bomber! love your video!
pictures looking good!
@sumquodsum : your suggestion for double-action zipper is being discussed with our design team. we might add this to our stretch goal. @adam sheffler : we have uploaded pictures from our latest photo-shoot. apologies for the delay. @roza idris: please scroll to the bottom of the campaign page for a detail sizing chart.
@megan m: new pictures for women jackets have been uploaded on the campaign page. please scroll to the color choice section. @sumquodsum: the jackets pre-ordered on kickstarter will not have any additional label
@mitul: the sizing chart is at the bottom of the campaign page.
we need measurements of the jackets before the end of the month. that puts the timeline after the kickstarter has closed. i want to know the measurements before committing to making an investment in your product. this information will dictate if i want to stay or pull my funding. it's important as my wife and i are tall and need to ensure we select the correct size. if you do not have a size we fit into, i'm not interested in investing in said product. please make it a top priority to release the measurements of the jackets. especially the bomber. thank you.
@jimmy : at this point of the campaign we are unable to add any further colors. we will add a wider range of colors when we get into retail. women jackets will have a feminine cut and will be different from men jackets. thanks!
@glen hee : to order 2 jackets please select our pack of 2 reward priced at $249 and add $50 to your pledge amount to order 2 baubax pocket blankets. once you proceed in your pledge, system will add shipping charges to your pledge. thanks !
@adam: apologies for the delay. we've just uploaded new images from the photo shoot we had last week. the photo shoot was only for women's jackets because all earlier images of women's jackets were screenshots from videos. also, we have built a new prototype of women's sweatshirt as longer length was requested. all photos of men's jacket are kept as it is because they were professionally shot before the campaign was launched.
@roza idris, what are you talking about, the measurements in inches are right there in the sizing chart.
@adam - concur.  this type of thing could be a red flag, especially if the creators stop communicating with those posting comments.  there have been other hugely successful ks campaigns (pebble time is the poster child) where the magnitude of the ks response seemed to overwhelm the creators and then backers start losing confidence and dropping out.  could happen here too, but backers who are patient and stick around could still end up with a fine product.  ks projects usually have delays.  i plan to  stay with it, and hope for more transparency in updates and comment replies soon.  cheers.
hi, i am a backer from borneo. we here in this part of the world are not familiar with your sizing chart. let alone the brand you use for reference.. gap? banana republic?. i am afraid that we don't have that luxury here. so, could you guys please consider to put a more standard measurement (centimeter or inch) as an alternative? thank you
little things like broken promises make me worried about this project. if you guys aren't able to fulfill a promise to put new pics on the site after telling us it was going to happen last week,yesterday, and now today, how should we expect these coats to be shipped on time? a little more dedication to customer interaction would go a long way as well as more transparency.
hi, i backed 2 bombers at usd129 and 2 blankets. so, 129+129+25+25+20=328. do i need to double the usd20 for shipping to my country? (i.e 129+129+25+25+20+20=348) thanks.
@baubax llc  where can i find the new pictures. i scrolled through the campaign and did not notice any.  your product really reminded me of this spy museum jacket i just found and i thought you might like to see it for inspiration. http://www.spymuseumstore.org/womens-sterling-travel-jacket-scottevest.html#.vc1krlnviko
@ariel (6 days ago) also asked for double zippers so jacket can be opened from the bottom to keep from bunching up in your lap when sitting.  i have this feature on an eddie bauer jacket and it is so nice to have and keeps lower pockets much more accessible too. what do other backers think of this?  baubax is it possible at this stage to make that type of modification to design?
@jimmy.  hi, the issue of colors was addressed in the most recent update, i think.  and near the bottom of the campaign page is a comprehensive sizing chart that should allow gender comparisons. i'm wondering if the creator baubax can tell us if the rewards jackets for backers will have a kickstarter label or some such identifying markings to distinguish these from the later retail production.
hey guys! i asked this earlier about the possibility of the men's bomber coming in red or how the measurements of the women's bomber would compare on a guy.
with holiday gift season in mind, just changed my pledge from 1 jacket to a "4-pak" so i can cross a few names off on my christmas list...here's hoping that production & delivery prediction holds up as planned.  best of luck to the creator/baubax.   i"m supportive of that decision to eliminate the bottle opener.  i too would like to see a double-action zipper that can unzip upward from the bottom so as to avoid the jacket bunching up in your lap if you chose to have it zipped up around the upper torso..
hi @billy, apologies for the delay. yes, the new photos should be updated today.
this was posted 3 days ago..........@maria: hi, we just wrapped up our photo shoot yesterday, and we've got some great shots. we'll be uploading them in the next 48 hours. stay tuned. are we still getting pictures this week? a yes/no or date would suffice.
@pamela feader: thanks for helping daniel mindich
@daniel mindich its easy just pledge an extra $25 to your pledge for each blanket and we will ship the blankets to you for free! to add a blanket to a new pledge: 1. visit the project page and click the blue back this project" button that appears on the right. 2. select the jacket reward that you want to pledge for. 3. select the country you want it shipped to. 4. add $25 for each blanket you want to the pledge amount. for example if the original pledge amount is $109 make this amount $134 ($109 original amount in the pledge box + $25x1 blanket). 5. hit "continue" and finish your pledge we will be asking you if you bought a blanket as an add on in the survey we send after the campaign
@baubax will pictures be posted up this week? you guys said they would be posted last week...
@baubax llc i would like to purchase the blanket and the hoodie, what should i do?
what is the fabric for the blanket ?
@jaymes - like you, i would like to have gotten my jackets at the really-early bird prices, but they were all gone by the time i found out about it. but this product will likely have high initial setup costs with 4 types x multiple colors x how many sizes. i don't know where the break-even point will be, but i suspect it will take a lot of units to get there. like many other kickstarter projects, the early discounts are designed to entice enough people to make the project worthwhile. then the rest of us help cover those startup costs. the last ones in, or those who later buy at retail price, hopefully will provide some profit to the owners. reducing the price by $10 for several thousand of us who came in later might make this a non-profitable venture.
my thoughts on stretch goal would be to reduce the pricing for so that everyone can get it at the super early bird price. most practical stretch goal.
what kind of alterations can we make on the blazers to better fit? can you let out the waist area or sleeve length?
can we get some images of each style without it being on a model? it'll be good to inspect closely. i can't decide if i like the bomber design for instance. thanks!
@olga kogan : thank you for sharing the information with others :) @brian @farah d. @cheryl @marie-eve allard: pictures coming soon …. stay tuned! @peegan @mitul patel : we will update the length of our jackets by end of the month @bruce gilliland @pamela feader @bruce gilliland: thank you for helping other supporters of baubax :)
@elwin ransom : thank you for helping out other supporters of baubax :)
@vincent li. details of fabrics and colours are at the bottom of the campaign page.
i got a scottvest, it makes me feel really old.  some of the pockets were nuts.  sometimes i could not figure out how to get something out of a pocket or the item floated to a different pocket through the pan.
what is the material used for the blazer? is it cotton, nylon, wool or something else..? if its a mix, can you state approximately what percentage of each it is?
@rafael, @william i wasn't meant to say something is ugly because it's for old people.   i apologize if i didn't explain it clear enough.  i was saying scottevest does have some cool features on their jacket, but the design is like something created back in the 80s.  and therefore the products seems to be targeting those audience back in the 80s.  they need some designer live in 2015. @baubax  i will suggest you pay extra attention (getting advice from your lawyer) to your design on the jacket especially feature that scottevest actually own a patent (the earphone management system)  they will go after you because they are pretty pissed off as far as i can see. http://www.scottevest.com/company/ayegear.shtml    other than those actually "patentable", accuse of patent infringement because of having pockets in same location is just laughable.
oops typo.  kudos  "!!!" not (?)    ;-)
thanks baubax creator.  when i just now did my pledge, i did see the shipping charge added as soon as i clicked the button.  it didn't show up until that action so with your comment about the tax being manage by us backers, my question is now answered!  thanks so much for quick reply and best of luck on whole project.  you have a huge response to your project so i hope the suppliers are ramping up to fill all these pledge rewards.  i'm in for just one jacket today, but i might go to two to have both bomber and windbreaker in order to cover more temperature ranges and situations i encounter in us pacific northwest region.  kudos on your design?
@sumquodsum: the reward amount listed on the campaign page are the offer price of our products. the final pledge amount will include price of the product and shipping charges only. any applicable tax will be managed by the customer separately.
all the reward descriptions state a price for that level, and also state a future retail price.  in every case the future retail prices makes a point of adding "+tax+shipping."  that seems to imply that the backer price for ks pledges already includes the tax/shipping.  is that the case?  will the plede amount be the total cost to backers with no additional charge for tax/shipping?
all - creators said yesterday we'd get photos within the next two days and sizing by the end of the month - just check back then. :)
agree with the below. id like to see the bomber and sweatshirt in more detail. maybe some shots of the inside of the jackets to get an idea for the material/thickness
it would be nice to have pictures like you would on a regular retail site (i.e. on a person standing straight, maybe side and back views) so that you can get a good idea of the jacket as a whole instead of trying to figure it out in the videos and "action" type pictures.  thanks!
pictures please.  we've been waiting for over two weeks for the updated pictures.
@ derek - i used to wear clothes with lots of pockets. yes, they were ugly - camouflage. and the pockets contained c-rations, ammo clips and a first-aid pouch. so, i'm ready for something to make me more youthful and trendy. plus, the hood can cover my bald spot. ;)
@derek leung. whoa, back up there a bit. just because something is ugly doesn't mean it's for old people. i like the functionality of scottevest but they are really so ugly. i wouldn't be seen dead wearing one
@derek i'm over 40 and i'd steer clear off scottevest...
just read thru all the comments and spot that some staffs from scottevest wasn't too happy about this project.   i understand that they aren't too happy because they just lost 24,000+ potential buyers. i was a potential buyers of scottevest and ayegear.  both of these two companies offer very similar products.  basically, clothes in whatever material that has a lot of pockets.  so, the staff from scottvest accused of this project copying their ideas is just plain stupid.  everyone can make clothes with big pocket and a lot of pockets. avegear were also one of these companies that made these kind of jackets and i remember there is a couple more.   these are not rocket science or else you wouldnt' see so many of these multi-function jackets. whether if one want to buy the product is down to the detail functionality and the style of the clothes.  i didn't buy scottevest nor ayegear because ayegear is just plain ugly.  scottevest is better, some of the functionalities on their jackets are pretty cool. however, the style seems like their target audience are for 40+ years old.  i mean, they need a designer to design something look younger. and then i ran into baubax.  they offer something that is similar to what scottevest and ayegear offered in terms of functionality and they also got some new ideas.  what make me press the button here is the style just look younger compare to scottevest.  man, that thing just look old.
excited about the product, and wondered if you could please add length to the sizing charts? i know that we can see generally in the video and photos, but it's hard to guess whether the models have average torso sizes, etc for comparison. it would be a helpful addition to have a little more detail! thank you!
@bruce my sister showed me the jacket and i instantly went on kickstarter
so how charcoal is the actual charcoal sweatshirt going to be because in some of the pics it looks blue?
@nino - the faqs answer a lot of basic questions, but they are all the way at the end of the campaign page, which is one of the longest i've seen. not everyone makes it to the bottom. since you're new to kickstarter, how did you find out about the baubax jackets? just curious. (i read about them in a c|net article.)
uh sorry guys i'm a dum dum.. just read what i needed to know.. thanks
hey first time in kickstarter and first time backer.. stupid question but am i supposed to state the sizes i want now or am i supposed to wait till its funded?
@wikorn, thanks for the info! yeah, then i'll settle for waterproofing and rfid protection ;)
@rafael i have a scottevest's fleece 5.0 for 4-5 years. the touch pockets are very nice at first but now they became muddy yellow, and falling into pieces like old plastic.
that's a good idea, bruce. i think i'll buy a one size larger bomber too and use an inner liner too.
@ araceli santos - i don't believe the windbreaker is lined, at least that's what the photos look like to me. the bomber jacket has a lining in it since it's meant as a cool weather jacket. while this may not work for everyone, i am buying the windbreaker one size larger and then using a fleece shell i already have under the windbreaker during cool weather. if you scroll way down the campaign page, you will see what materials are proposed for each jacket type.
not sure if i missed this, but will the windbreaker be lined? if so - fleece or a cotton jersey? thanks!
along with the new images, please provide measurements of each jacket. thank you.
i realy dislike the scottevest clothes in terms of style. but the clear touch pocket is great, and could be implemented into the baubax!
will the waist of the blazer have room for alterations?  slim fit jackets need to be let out for me for them to fit well.
@serena they said in update #5 they'll have the sizing chart updated soon "international sizing chart: by the end of this month, we will upload the international sizing chart."
please add a european size chart as not all of your backers are from the usa!!!
could you please, please, please, pleaseeeee add more measurement like front length from high point shoulder to bottom from the front and from the back in sizing chart ?, to help me choose more perfectly the blazer and jacket size i need. i prefer to have more long sleeve length than have short length blazer and jacket >.< , thank you so much
@creator - thanks for the clarification on the rain terminology. "resistant" and "repellent" could have somewhat similar meanings vs. "waterproof." actually, a fully waterproof windbreaker could be too hot in many cases because it would trap in body heat as well as keep out the rain.
@maria: hi, we just wrapped up our photo shoot yesterday, and we've got some great shots. we'll be uploading them in the next 48 hours. stay tuned.
i thought there would be more photos of the jackets but haven't seen it. have i missed it somehow? i would like to see more pictures of the female blazer. great project! congratulations.
*with our
@bruce and @kris: the bomber is not water-repellent. the windbreaker is water-repellent (for light rains) and not water-proof or water-resistant. bruce, is right - we are far ahead in the design process to do major changes such as adding zippers around the shoulders or underarms. also, we have received pre-orders of 35,000+ jackets from 23,000 backers. doing any major design changes may not be approved by many of our backers. so, we have to be careful with out future stretch goals as well.
actually this is very similar to apple, because they make one, simply product (i know there is different styles but i mean the pocket design). scottevest has too many options, i wouldn't know which one to get.
@kris - the descriptions of the jackets lead me to believe the bomber is not water resistant. they did mention snow. it's meant as a cool weather jacket, not a rain jacket like the windbreaker - which is water resistant but not water repellent. @m - detachable sleeves might be nice in some cases, but it's not practical for the blazer or bomber. and i can't see it on the sweatshirt. also, as others have noted, the design is probably too far along to make such major changes now. i wouldn't mind zippers to open vents under the arm pits, but i doubt that will happen either.
hidden zips in the sleeves to make them detachable would be great - super convenient when the weather suddenly becomes too warm or cold. also support calls for rfid blocking and waterproof tech pockets. can't wait to see the finished product!
simply amazing ! crave for jacket to come in real !!
please add water proof to the tablet pocket & phone pocket.
what's the weight of the bomber jacket and the weight of the sweatshirt?
is the bomber jacket water resistant?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
one more thing - does the bomber have a method to tighten the hood? it's not clear from the photos we have so far, unlike for the others.
amazing project! i am so excited for my windbreaker jacket!!
just because someone else made a similar product doesn't mean you shouldn't try to add your take on it. apple wasn't the first to make cell phones or tablets. this is no different with baubax.
@william - agreed. scottevest are just not designed for my lifestyle - i'm a female city dweller who flies often, not a older male frequent camper. i think we can have both looks and functionality - no reason to give up one for the other. i think baubax saying they are inspired by steve jobs is actually quite reflective of how the jackets are designed - not every feature people could want, but a combo of looks and functionality to take the product from specialty to the masses.
@olga. i was thinking exactly the same thing. i had never heard of the sottevest before i backed this campaign and out of curiosity i viewed their site. i was shocked at how bad they looked. i guess it comes down to looks vs functionality,
out of curiousity, how are the hand warmers attached in the sleeve of the blazer?  based on the measurements provided, i know i will require the sleeves to be altered.  will it be easy enough to alter from the sleeve, or will it be better to alter the sleeves from the shoulders to avoid damaging the hand warmers?
what if there was a separate zipper that you could swap in when you are not on a plane that did have the bottle opener. it could be a separate thing or a stretch goal.
there's a key difference between this and the scottevest... these jackets are actually fashionable. keep going, creators, and resist feature bloat!
@rolt oh well. the jackets look awesome already anyway
hi!  is it possible to have more pictures of each models ? it's difficult to choose between the windbraker and the bomber, but maybe news pics will help! thanks :)
how do the stretch goals work? are they per person or per item? for example, if i ordered 4 items and the $5mn goal is reached, would i receive 4 gloves or just one?
@ hung, the creator team are offering the jackets as they are presented, this is not a tentative design for others to customise. the input from backers is via unlocking stretch goals re colours, some sizing variation and items like the scoop gloves. they are not going to redesign at this stage. that would be a deal breaker for the many who have backed the project.
here are some thoughts. - shoulder pockets (just like us army jackets) - diagonal zipper on the chest pocketspockets - different color for the zippers to add more stylist highlights
oh. how about a pocket or two on the biceps areas. just like the one on the us army jackets. diagonal zipper on chest pockets can be very stylist too. different color for the zippers can add in more high light for the designs. just some thoughts. thanks
i would love to have waterproof pockets for the phone and tablets. this will hugely improve the quality of the jackets. thank you
are the passport and wallet pockets rfid blocking? if not, can that be a stretch goal?
i'm so excited for this project. do you think it's flexible enough to be used for bicycle commuting?
seriously guys i do not need this jacket but dang if i don't want it so bad. just backed for the bomber. hit up my website where i'll eventually blog on it... the sooner i get it the better :p hashtagbert.com
seriously guys, screw you... i don't need this jacket but i want it so bad that i just backed. at least gimme some hits on my website, i'll write up a full review when i get my jacket! (sooner the better :p) hashtagbert.com
@ann dreiker -yes, it's mentioned many times in the comments and in the faq that they will contact us after the campaign is over.
btw, does the pen comes with any refill when the ink runs out?
from ur pix the wind breaker wrist part seems to be elastic, can u make it to be velcro? so we can adjust size more? thanks.
how do you order a size? do you contact me later?
one more thing - if the bomber was a little more water resistant, that would also be great. hopefully some of my essential, and even my "nice to have" concerns will be addressed. thanks!
i too am curious about when the 'promised' pictures will be ready.
hi, to add my voice here are things i think should be essential: - cuffs with tighteners for those of us with shorter arms (e.g. velcro tighteners). otherwise, the gloves will be pretty useless! - double zippers opening and closing the jackets here are things i think would be nice to have: - at least one, smaller, inside pocket with a zipper, as well as a loop or two for a key ring or similar - waterproofed pockets meant for electronics i don't really care about the bottle opener. there are plenty of pockets to keep small tools like that with you in the coat. just put one on your keyring, people.
btw, most bottle openers get rejected because they have a knife or corkscrew attached, or over the size limit.
well.. for the bottle opener, unless you are making it longer to handle that.  the pen will be problem if the bottle opener was a problem.  tsa rejects tools by the size.  they not going to reject the bottle opener if it is the same size as the pen, unless the pen was too long already.  btw all my timbuk2 bags have bottle openers, and they go through security on a regular basis without a problem due to the size.
first up, great work - love all of the features. secondly, i've chosen the bomber jacket and want to check that the hem and cuffs will be elasticated. the cut and style should have the appropriate 'snugness' so that heat is kept in and the bottom and arms don't just slap around loosely. lastly, i'm a fan of the built-in bottle opener so was sad to see it's going. i don't know any airport security that would stop you boarding because you could open bottles! it's not exactly a switchblade.  if that's definitely going (and i hope you reconsider), one replacement/addition i would suggest would be a mini-carabiner inside one of the front pockets to attach keys (and bottle openers) to.  i had one in a ski-jacket that i could attach my gloves to so i'd never put them down and forget about them.
hello to everybody, in the video there is an error when the tell the 4 models when the girl appears i think it is the bomber jacket for girl not the windbreaker.you can saw it and compare. i want to have it to give it to my girlfriend to travel.
absolutely love this product concept!!  i would love to see the material of the 100% cotton sweatshirt modified slightly.  i noticed there is the possibility to change the material to 80% cotton and 20% polyester (perhaps viscose/elastane).  100% cotton in 'average laundry hands' can too easily shrink, which could significantly impact the quality of your design & functionality.  not only will this help with shrinking, but also in comfort and fabric durability.  please consider!
@creator if i order just one jacket can i also order two blankets? i know to add $25 per blanket to my pledge, but wanted to confirm i can do this.
could you please add more measurement like front length from high point shoulder to bottom from the front and from the back in sizing chart ?, to help me choose more perfectly the blazer and jacket size i need. i prefer to have more long sleeve length than have short length blazer and jacket >.< , thank you so much --- btw, i support the rfid pocket
@company i was wondering if it would be possible for male to get the bomber in red? i know it's in the women's bomber selection but i don't know how well those measurements would transfer to a man.
desperate to see the pictures, how’s that photoshoot coming? particularly interested in women’s sweatshirt and blazer. are there shoulder pads in the blazer, by the way? @ege celik all the designs have the same features except for the removable hood (that’s just on the blazer and bomber). @a scottevest is pretty awesome with pockets, but their designs don’t feature a pillow or sleeping mask, that’s what got me sold on this whole thing.
hi. is it possible for us to have a clearer pictures of the 4 different styles and color differences for man and woman? thank you! (:
love watching this campaign cruise through the top funded kickstarter projects of all time. currently at #11 with the top 10 definitely in sight!
it has come to my attention that you guys are making a product very similar to one that already exists! scottevest is a product that has been out already with lots of pockets etc...
are the new pictures going to be posted up sometime soon? i thought it would be early this week...
hi, i just wanna if all the 4 modeles haves the same features ? because i wanna buy the sweatshirt but it seem that it doesn't have the same features as for exemple the bomber...
@tess your welcome :)
@gee got it! thanks!
yes it would be better if kickstarter  allowed the creator to create two tiers of rewards, one with the main product and one with optional add ons, and you could only get one reward from each tier.
@tess at then end of the campaign baubax will send us survey, from there you could note to them that you have added the blanket as an add-on. your calculations are accurate :)
hi, i pledged for one sweatshirt at usd119. however, i want the usd25 blanket as well, so i pledged in total usd164 (119+25+20), usd20 for international shipping. how do i ensure that i will receive the blanket? it doesn't show from my reward details in the email i received. please help! thanks!
@rolts well noted on the sizes on the campaign page, what i asked was how to decide which one is our size as most of the backers are not aware of how to measure properly or how to decide which size to choose. a simple video will help the backers to decide and help the creator saving time and money to replace the goods and answer questions about it :)
tl:dr kickstarter site design is a bit outdated, really let's be honest here, ks isn't as user friendly as it could be especially when it comes to ordering multiple items. i don't know if this is perhaps an unavoidable limitation due to the nature of the site but i can't imagine it would be too difficult for a site design improvement to make it more obvious what to do. i'm not blaming creators for this at all but hiding ordering options among other instructions behind a faq just creates a situation where loads of people ask the same question multiple times in the comments and leads to confusion when ordering through a list that scrolls off the screen all too easily. then they have to deal with the pledge page??? i myself had to ask how to order two different items as i easily missed the pledge option on the product page
last year or two years ago (not sure when because i travel by plane 3-4 time a year), i traveled by plane and a young guy had to leave a small bottle opener who was attached with the keys when he tried to pass the control (no possibility to put it the luggage). so, i don't want it !
if only i could like/upvote your comment, rolts.
what about more pictures? in addition i have a quick question - i back the projuct for the blazer at 119$ if i would would to change to the bomber would i have to pay another 10$?!
@ jillian waid - faqs adding a blanket -> managing your pledge -> increase by $25, do not make it $25, this will delete your original pledge.
i wanted to get both a jacket and the blanket, but kickstarter keeps allowing me to select only one.  any ideas?
please read the campaign page and the faqs before posting a question on delivery and size choice. please, please stop asking for the blanket for free as a stretch goal. this has been asked repeatedly and responded to by both the faq and creators' comments, as well as by other backers. if you want a bottle opener, buy one and put it in one of the pockets. if you are spending $100+, you can afford a cheap bottle opener. that way you don't compromise a great product with a large tacky add on attached to the zip that may be removed by airport security anyway.
love the concept. can you provide the lengths as well?
i just backed this project and am so excited to see the final products! i do want to make a suggestion though...in addition to taking care of your taller customers, it would be great if you could take care of your petite customers as well. there are so many petite people who have a hard time finding jackets that can fit well in terms of shoulder and sleeve lengths. if you offer a petite option, there will surely be many more backers to the project. please consider this! it's the very factor that i almost decide not to back this project as jackets are often 2-3 inches too long on the sleeves for me. thank you for considering this =) (and i agree that the bottle opener, rfid, and waterproof pockets would be great options to have too...)
would it be possible to add a european size chart as not all of your backers are from the usa?!
@edgelene at the end of the campaign, baubax will send out a survey to all backers to ask for your choice of jacket, sizes, colour etc.
any update on the pictures?? excited to see more!
really have no idea what size i should choose. @baubax, appreciated if you can give me more details about it. you have mentioned that it is similiar to gap size, but gap size varies! it can have big difference between different product lines!
please bring the bottle opener back!!!!
@baubax, @jos mentioned about measuring instruction i think it will be great if you could provide some simple video on how to measure the body i found that it is difficult for us to do measuring as we are not a garment manufacturer (this will also help you reduce "exchange") also for the sizes, i do some rough measuring, i found that my hand is slightly longer than xl size, while my other body is slightly smaller also my waist (tummy) size is bigger (xl) than my chest size (l) should i take xl or l? or other biggest measurement in the body?
heck no, on the pushpen, it neeeds to be a quality product
@dylan they mentioned that they'll send a couple refills with each jacket :)
will the ink be refillable for the zipper pen? could we get extra refills when we get the jackets?  this is a stretch, but maybe you could offer a pushpen feature and make it black and blue ink or possibly black ink and a mechanical pencil for the zipper? attached an image of what i'm talking about. http://cdn.4imprint.com/prod/extras/109523/378771/700/2.jpg
bring back the bottle opener! i've never had any issues travelling around the world with one on me.  if its to go through security just remove it and put it in the tray with your other items.  please bring it back. it was a good feature
@yvette they are adding tall sizes to small and medium. large and x-large already have them. @edgelene when the distribution starts i believe they will contact you for your order specifics.
love that you are doing women's tall sizes.  but why only small and medium?  there are a lot of tall women out here that need large and x-large.  please consider adding these.
how does the select 2 styles work? do i message you which ones i wanted because i was never sent to a page to choose which design i wanted.
thanks for the update! sad to see the bottle opener go though. i've never had any problems bringing bottle opener with me when getting on planes. also, it would be good to have some design to add ventilation to the windbreaker!!
when do we get better measure instructions eg with some pictures? (also in cm). to avoid complains later, it would be wise to work on some dummy proof measure instructions.
and, of course, the second question in faq at the bottom of the campaign page explains this in detail.
@ priscella - see below.
how do i add the blanket to my pledge?
@denise - you have to manually update (add) the $25 to the original amount and enter that amount. in your case enter $269 ($244 + $25). if you want two blankets, add $50 to the $244 for a total of $294 - which is what i have. first, make sure your original selection is still selected. you will need to scroll through the options until you see the one you chose.
@creator is there cable holes between pockets so that i could charge things in pockets ? thanks
hello i signed up for the pack of two jackets at $244 and received a confirmation and then added a $25 blanket. i received a second email that states my pledge was changed from $244 to $25. can you clarify that i am getting the 2 jackets + blanket. i would also like to add another blanket to this order. thanks.
rip bottle opener :'(
can you please make the women's grey sweatshirt color available for the men's sweatshirt?
hello, can you add the total length of every size ? thank you :)
thanks for having the update, but what happened to those pictures we were expecting?? really excited about this so far!! it appears some people liked the bottle opener, maybe have two zipper pens, one with and one without the bottle opener. but i do think that it should end  there with the zipper. a ventilation zipper under the armpit would be nice on all styles, except maybe the blazer.
when are the new pictures coming?
loved update #5, but still have a few suggestions such as: zippered underarm areas that when unzipped allow your pits to breathe, the bottle opener as an option, and where are the new pics? also, should i get the blanket, and can y'all switch my pledge to a windbreaker? please and thanks!!!!!!
@matheus donadel - question about the bottle opener. i have not flown recently, what are the current tsa (or other country) restrictions on small metal objects? are any small/pen knives allowed? the smallest swiss army knives with bottle openers are still fairly large. would the tsa allow one of the flat, credit-card sized multi-tools that have a bottle opener? if they can be carried on planes (the showstopper if not), those who want one can buy in number of inexpensive bottle openers. plus, i think that any pen strong enough to open a bottle top would have to be much larger than a standard, or even telescoping, pen.
will the cell phone pocket be large enough to accommodate a phablet or a larger phone (i own a nexus 6) in a wallet case?
finally an update
@ christine chi - i would be surprised if they could make a zip-out liner at the price the jacket is being sold for. the only jackets i recall seeing with zip-out liners are combo windbreakers (see l.l. bean or land's end) and my old army field jacket. my plan is to buy a windbreaker in a larger size and then use a fleece shell that i already have under it when it's cold.
@tiffany vines: the blanket is an add-on feature and will cost you $25, so if you would like to get the blanket along with your jacket. just click the blue button that says "manage" and add $25 on top of your current pledge total to it. ex. if your current pledge is $129, just add $25 on to your current pledge and you will end up having a total pledge of $129+25 = $154.
i love the exterior look/fabric of bomber but am worried about the fleece lining. any way to make the fleece lining zip out in case it gets too hot?
women's plus sizes would be great, too. it gets old having to order the men's version of everything, and miss out on the color options, as well. and for the bigger men, blazer in 3x would be fantastic.
there are plenty of petite women around; as well as tall women. please try to make petite versions available at some time.
oh, and hey ... weren't we promised some new photos around now?
i'm happy with the way forward advised by the developers.
sad to hear about the bottle opener, when it was announced i thought it was a great feature and i would really use. i know the jacket was designed for the flight, but keep in mind there is more to traveling than that. i miss the bottle opener already...
sad to hear about the bottle opener, when it was announced i thought it was a great feature and i would really use. i know the jacket was designed for the flight, but keep in mind there is more to traveling than that. i miss the bottle opener already...
sad to hear about the bottle opener, when it was announced i thought it was a great feature and i would really use. i know the jacket was designed for the flight, but keep in mind there is more to traveling than that. i miss the bottle opener already...
@brainyll sy - see the third question in the faq section at the bottom of the campaign page. all participants will be surveyed after the campaign ends.
where can i choose the color and size? i've already pledge.
like the idea of zippered vents under the arms. also it the blanket included when you get the jackets or do you have to back it as a second time?
so many changes and updates to the jacket, hope when all features are finalised, there will be a wholesome introduction to the product so to make sure we utilise and maximise the usage of the jacket!
hi!  i'm taking a big trip from uk to iceland and canada on oct 2nd.  any chance i can get my sweatshirt pledge for then, pretty please thank you.. i also run an award winning travel blog, and could get you on there!
guys, @tommy sar's comment is just at the bottom and we're still suggesting silly features! we want this to be a high quality garment, not a character in inspector garget.
yes on rfid features, please!  my second recommendation is waterproof pockets for phones, ipods, etc.  i dd not read all the comments, so forgive me if i am repeating this final suggestion:  perhaps the rfid and/or waterproof inserts could be removable and you could sell them separately.  that way, you won't have another full set of features to manufacture, and people who don't want them don't have to pay for them.  my whole family is in on this - i am getting two and so is my daughter - great holiday gifts!
can you please update the sizes for the blazer based on men's suit sizes. i'm close to a 42r. is that closest to a large? also can these be tailored or let out in any way?
i've been reading the comments, and updates and i agree about rfid blocking for pockets. so crucial in this day and age where identity theft happens so often and so quickly.  i've also got to say that while some tall women are small enough to fit into a size s or m i am not among them.  as someone who is bigger all around, it would be really great if you offered all of the sizes in a tall.
very glad to see the update. the jacket is very useful for traveling, but i think it'd be much better if the detachable hood is waterproof. also, the blazer and bomber jacket should be water resistant like the windbreaker
another thing: about the shipping, i hope we wont need to pay for anything to the courier (ie tax, etc) upon delivery.
one idea that might seem silly but i think would be great is a flip down cushion for hard seats especially cafes. not sure how you are doing the built in pillow but a cushion for the seat would be great imo.
just read update #5. i have a jacket that already has a bottle opener as the zipper. i have never had a problem when traveling. it has come in handy so many times. would be great to have still.
awesome product. one suggestion for the windbreaker, or actually two: 1. have additional zippers under the armpits for ventilation. i really enjoy that on my current windbreaker.  2. make the zippers on the windbreaker water repellent, too. to protect all the gadgets. -> same with the bomber jacket. keep on going!
*i'm looking forward to seeing those photos. :)
i agree with what william taggart and tommy sar. i'd rather have the more useful and good quality item than a bunch of additions that i won't ever use because i already have them. quality first. thanks for the update. i'm looking for seeing those photos. :) keep it up guys.
hi there, i am still a bit confuse about the sizing: 1. if i am 178cm tall (male), should i select tall size or normal size? 2. for the chest, sleeze and neck sizing in your chart, are they the jacket sizes or my sizes? e.g. if my chest is 41 inches, should i select m? or should i order a bigger size i.e. l? thanks a lot and sorry if i ask some dumb questions as i have never purchased clothes online before. :)
lol. reading all the comments sometimes make me laugh. baubax's original concept is great, we should not make it into a go go gadget jacket too � - no bottle opener, knife, mirror, camera, sensors, etc. i also agree with the no pen/stylus needed. i have my own favorite pen, and i don't use a stylus either. would very much like to see the bomber jacket being water repellant though (although i am wondering if it will make the jacket warmer?)
exited to receive the jackets even though it's a still a few months away. :) been reading the comments, and i agree about rfid blocking for pockets. hopefully this can be incorporated to both the passport pocket and another pocket where a wallet can be placed. note that this pocket needs to be able to fit a decent sized wallet most women carry. a bit worried about the ink in the zipper pen, as well. leaks that causes stains on the awesome jacket would be sooo heartbreaking. thanks!
great job, great idea. please manage the separate force of stylus carefully. if it's too big, would be hard to remove, or too small, may tend to get missing. please notice the quality of the ball pen as well. make sure no leakage on pen refills while taking flight. or, what we can do once the rubber of stylus getting dilapidated or ball-pen is used out ? just remind, 8-)
congratulations, the project is now circulating on chinese social medias, the $5mn stretch goal will be coming soon. it might help you to reach it faster by adding a short description in chinese. cheers.
bomber should have water repellent coating
saw update #5 (totally agree with quality over quantity btw) but no new photos yet? really would like to see the individual product photos.
@matheson edwards you're joking, right?...
@matheson edwards . lol wow you must have great eyesight then to be able to focus on a screen which is sitting millimetres from your eyes.  fyi the google cardboard needs lenses to allow people to see the screen and that is about 7cm from your eyes!
agree with many comments. other than eu sizing chart i'd really also like to see pictures with full zoom/higher res so that we can see more detail to make a more informed decision. i've ordered a jacket and am considering a bomber also, but i need to see more. also check your 'returns' policy. you can't not offer returns on long distance selling.
hi great work guys looking forward to when we can get them. i have a couple of suggestions: a slot in the eye mask to put your phone into so you can view the screen without using your hands. a built in camera which records to your phone. some way of writing your contact details for if it gets lost or replaced, something like a pocket with a clear plastic front on the inside about where the phone/glasses pocket is that you can slip a piece of paper into. built in tracker to work with your phone. perhaps do something with the ends of the tighteners like you have with the main zipper.
could yall do like a info commercial type video where some one goes through all the things. like the video you have is good, but showing off the pillow and how the hood comes out and what not would be nice.
please make the bottle opener optional.  this was one of the features  i wanted most. people who dont like it can always change it?
just saw the update with the bottle opener dropped, considering airport security make you remove any jackets anyway what's the issue there? i thought it was a cool little addition, much better than a bottle opener key chain making a whole in pockets. love the concept anyway, but would be cool to have that as an option.
the bomber jacket would be perfect if it was water resistant.
is the bomber much heavier than the other 3 styles? what are the weights of each as i couldn't find this piece of info anywhere ?thanks ...
earlier you mentioned that you have organised a photo-shoot and would upload more pictures of the garments. any idea when that will be?
hi.  great work guys and i'm looking forward to the product. could you please indicate with uk size chart as reference too?  also,  i've booked a bomber jacket and i do hope there will be something for shorter guys too. cheers.
if you've bought a smartphone within the last 3 or 4 years you have a front facing camera and do not need a mirror with your jacket.....
i have bought a blazer, but i'm not sure what size to take. i just figured out there is no ck suits sold here in uae, so i cannot check the correct size for me. are there other known brands with the same size as ck suits?
kris's idea is good. vents are really helpful because then you don't have to take of your sweatshirt that's loaded down with stuff in the pockets and risk loosing it when you're hot.
i pledged but how do i choose the size and colour? - from saudi arabia
i totally agree with everyone in the comments. quality over quantity. stick to the jacket you guys designed, and make it best possible. i don't need a portable waffle iron pocket. also, please toss us an update when you can, its been 6 days since your last post.
are you still there creator?
in the minority, but i'm digging the bottle opener idea. i'm forever misplacing bottle openers. they tend to be one of those things everyone i know uses, but no one can ever find. i'm not above using a countertop to pop the lid off a bottle, but a zipper appeals to the lazy part of me.
definitely agree with tommy. i feel all these extras are too much. i would be worried about the jacket's quality if a lot of these ideas went through (except for the loops for keys and pens and ect. that idea is great.). i wouldn't want to pay over 100 dollars for some low quality jacket with a bunch of different knick knacks.
@jing yi chua - shipping is included in your pledge, so that is adding on $20 shipping i agree with tommy, if we try and add to much stuff it will ruin it. i liked the idea of having a zipper pen stylus so that if i ever forgot my pen or stylus i would have one, but it is much more important to have a working zipper. also i agree the more universal the better, having somewhere (a loop or something, maybe right next the the sunglasses) to hold a pen and stylus would allow personal preference on the type of pen, which would be much better. adding a pocket on the sleeve would be nice, it is getting close to a week since we've seen any photos from the photo shoot or heard from the creator... getting worried now before we dismiss the foldable sink... washing your hands in the airport germs? anyone?
would it be possible to add a european size chart as not all of your backers are from the usa
hi, i originally pledge to pay $129.. want to help my friend to get another one.. however i accidentally click on it and it immediately changed mine to $149.. please change it back to $129.. thanks
how much leeway can we expect in the bomber jacket? i took my measurements for the jacket size but the bust sizes wont accommodate my size. maybe plus sizes can be added? if that isn't already part of the tall sizes...
hi! this is a great idea, totally backed this one with no hesitation.  i have a suggestion. how about zips at underarms for the sweatshirt and windbreaker? it would be nice if we can unzip to air the armpits (without taking off the jacket) when it gets warm during workouts ;)
@ tommy sar @ william taggart @ bruce gilliland also agreed. and the pen/stylus can go too, so long as main the zipper worked two ways and was high quality. replacing the zipper is usually what sends a high end item to the thrift store. skip the sensors, the bottle opener, even the pen/stylus and the half-scoop gloves are unnecessary. a high quality item is more important than additional gadgets. the original concept of many pockets, built-in neck pillow, earbud holder and eye mask is what sold me. i want to travel in comfort, not carrying the kitchen sink. most requested improvements are great ideas though and would improve the original concept far more than the 'bottle opener': waterproof at least 'a' pocket if possible, add a loop in a pocket or two and the rfid passport protection if possible. not my ideas, but very good ones. the scottevest, which some somewhat obvious scottevest employees whined about earlier, is unappealing because of the removable arms, which i would never use as i don't wear vests. it seems a very 1980s concept. scottevest should go with the bottle opener - it suits their product better, for an older, hot tub time machine crowd. i'm sure the nice folks at baubax won't threaten to sue!
love this jacket and need this badly since i have my first ipad! i finally can go to work with my ipad as i never bring any bags to work!  by the way, how can i choose the style and size or colour? ;););) can't wait!!;);)
have been checking this page every day for updated photos of the jacket.
@knauer - only the windbreaker is described as "water repellent." if the bomber jacket outer layer has a really tight weave, it might work in a drizzle or light rain, but i wouldn't chance it in heavy rains. we have not heard from the project staff in a while. maybe they can give a better answer.
zip off removable sleeves!!
is the bomber jacket water resistant?
@ tommy sar @ william taggart @ bruce gilliland excellent comments. this project is starting to look like the tiko 3d printer i backed. massive response and because of the incredible funding level a lot of backers, some new to ks, see stretch goals as a way of customising the project to fit their own desires, missing the point of the original design. the stretch goals are commendable. the feedback on the bottle open is good constructive criticism but other demands such as for a free blanket are, to be blunt, ridiculous, imho.
@tommy sar @william taggart well said. to be honest. i have to wonder about a november deadline. the main point these persons made was to produce a quality product. that is not easy. i have participated in several kickstarter projects. to be honest, again, some have not turned out as well as i had hoped; certainly not as well as the creators promised. even when the product is good, it has often not been anywhere near the original promised date. i just got updates on two projects that are long overdue and no where near ready. i certainly believe the creators of this project have an excellent chance to do it right if we don't sidetrack them with all these add-ons (including my extra inside pocket). i think tommy and william (and others) make a good point. let's have a sturdy garment -- with plenty of usable pockets. then, we can figure what what to put into them.
now more serious. i would much rather extra effort/time went in to the current design of the styles, for example making sure basic stuff like the zippers were the best quality, can the the materials be improved, the pockets are sturdy enough, please, above all else make sure the pockets are fit for purpose. far better the basic designs are improved, if possible, over and above any gadgety things are added
i was going to suggest a handy toilet roll holder, perhaps held inside an extra inner pocket but after reading tommy's post there, i've changed my mind. heh
stop. stop trying to suggest things to include with the jackets. really? nail clipper? mirror? should we throw in a collapsable sink too?! look, when i saw this kickstarter i fell in love with the idea of a functional apparel. i like the idea of a practical, comfortable, aesthetically acceptable clothing. but the thought of encumbering it with little knick knacks, none of my choosing, really makes me contemplate retracting my pledge if it ever happens. don't get me wrong. i have tons of edc stuff i have on me. but they were all picked by me to suit me. i wasn't too keen on having a zipper hold a pen/stylus. i have my own stylus that connects to my ipad via bluetooth for pressure sensitivity. i have my own, super comfortable gel ink, 0.5 mm pen from japan. so, i've no need for such zipper/pen/stylus combo.  give me loops and/or pen pockets on the inside of the jacket so i can store my own slender, cylinder tools like the pen, stylus, pen flashlight, etc. nail clippers? really? not only do i never clip my nails in public on the go, but i have my own high quality nail clipper in my grooming bag i leave in the hotel, if i travel. otherwise, it's at home, in my bathroom. earphones? i prefer my own fancy headphones. any earphones baubox include will probably have to be cheap, if they wanna keep cost down. basically, the more stuff they include as per suggested, the cheaper those stuff are gonna be. i don't want cheap crap of stuff i already have better versions of. my suggestion: stick to making an awesome, comfortable, practical outer wear. make it universally expandable with the pockets already designed, add a few loops on the shoulder for id tags/security cards, loops inside for pens/stylus/flashlight, etc, and loops inside the larger pockets for key chain, chapstick, whistle, etc.if one wants to add their own nail clipper, they can do so. the point is to make the clothes expandable and accessible to add ons, but not include everything some may not want or need. i do agree a zippered pocket in sleeve for contactless card is clever and reflectors that can be folded are useful.
a mirror is such a bad idea. imagine trying to fit something hard/stiff like that into the jacket. if there is going to be any more accessories it has to be something soft or bendable. a mirror is far too fragile
maybe the phone pocket should be moved to the outside arm, like the arm bands.  from there, you can run your headphones into the hood. this would free up the existing left pocket where the phone and charger would sit and become the misc. pocket you are looking for.  i believe all pockets should be closed with a zipper.
@brian - i'm not sure what the bulk price would be for rfid shields would be, but the earplugs should be inexpensive. i looked that the images on the campaign page, trying to figure out where another inside pocket would go. the right side has the ipad pocket and eyeglasses pocket. the left side has the phone pocket and charger pocket. since most people are right handed, the left side would be best for another small pocket to hold miscellaneous items. and there might be more room there. it's not clear how these pockets will be closed - zippers, velcro, nothing - but they do need to be closed up.
@amanda faccenda, you'd you have to go to the top right corner and click me. then click on account. then click on payment methods and edit your card information there. and i completely agree with brian, i don't think it's practical to add those small things when we could easily buy those separately or just find alternatives aka use my phone. i'm all for adding a small loop for keys because that's simple to add (in my opinion, but i don't understand mass clothing manufacturers)
for those of you thinking you will be able to put a laptop in the tablet pocket, remember, they said it would sag a little bit already with a 1lbs ipad, a laptop would be way worse.  however making the pocket a little bigger possibly to hold a folder or notebook (8 1/2 x 11) would be nice i don't know how you except them to put a mirror in the jacket, just use your phone screen same with led, don't over complicate the zipper, just use your phone.  nail clippers? no way for a travel jacket (security), and honesty, how often are you going to use that?? i am for a small inside pocket to hold a sd card or usb or chapstick or something a loop inside to hook a carabiner (for keys) onto would be nice. @bruce, it is true we can get a rfid cover and earplugs and other things separately, but that's one less thing to worry about if that jacket has it provided. they put a neck pillow on it, so you wouldn't have to worry about forgetting about it.
how do i change the payment method i used to pledge with?  i had to replace that card.
if this is a travel jacket, i agree that should have a little mirror ( if you pass all day or night in a flight you need to see your face , or after eat! ;)). i think the led light is more important than the bottle opener, the key hook, easy for sure to implement and awesome idea! waterproof pocket and rfid should be a must have item. thank you..
there's a lot of non-drinker, i think bottle opener should be an option. also i suggest adding a small mirror hanging inside one of the pocket would be nice! thanks =]
@唐厚舜, after the funding period ends the creators will send out a survey where you can specify your colours, sizes and mailing address.
sorry it's my first time doing this,  i'm wondering when and how could i choose my sizes and colors?  is in the end of the  project ? or what?
man, how did i miss that? thanks, pamela, i'll update my pledge. cheers!
@william, you want to pledge for the 2 pack which allows you to chose the 2 jackets you want. is reward pledge $249 or more 687 backers limited (213 left of 900) special price - pack of 2 choose any 2 styles from baubax - sweatshirt, windbreaker and bomber jacket.  mix and match or get 2 of the same in any color and size of your choice.
i am very sorry if this has been asked before but 660+ comments is just too many to sift through. i have already pledged for the sweatshirt but how do i add a bomber jacket to my pledge? the main page seems to only let me pick one pledge option
hi can i suggest... for the windbreak to have reflector strip and no to bottle opener. i like the idea of rfid passport pocket and waterproof pocket please include these feature.
hi, great product ! my opinion : - no bottle opener - 20% polyester with the sweetshirt - bigger tablet pocket (13") -> next ipad pro and/or ms surface pro
hi i am so glad i funded this project! just a few notes: i am for the rfid passport pocket (this is a growing issue in security worldwide) i am against the bottle opener (as fun as it sounds, maybe it could be optional for the non-drinkers) also i would love to suggest a tiny sim card/memory card pocket inside! (i could probably make my own but i thought i would put it out there!~)
@michelle levine - good points. the waterproof pocket(s) is a good point. most of my windbreakers/rain jackets have zippered side pockets. i suspect the planned sweatshirt has open pocket openings. i can't tell about the windbreaker from the current photos. i have a feeling they will not have zippers. the windbreaker is rain "resistant", not rain "repellent." so, having rainproof pockets is a must. ps: i was still young in the '70s so i relate to that time.
ok, i see now that you are reading our comments - sorry about that. it's hard for us ladies to tell the improved length of the sweatshirt because the new pics aren't up yet. people's ideas for rfid protection and waterproofed pockets (or at least one) are great! i don't know if that's possible but aside from the (somewhat obvious) two-way zipper (i only now realized this was lacking), these would be extremely helpful.
ok bruce, so let them add something useful to the average joe, like a two way (double zipper) on the sweatshirts, which do not appear to have benefited like the blazer/bomber from added colors. a one-way zipper on a high end sweatshirt is super 1970s. a bottle opener, 1970s. sensors for telling my temperature? now your time machine has gone too far forward for the average joe. double zippers make everyone happy.
@ julie - click on the manage my pledge button. click in the dollar amount field and increase the amount by $25. for example, if your pledge was, say, $169, make it $194. don't just type in $25.
i'm trying to add on the blanket with free shipping but i can't seem to figure out how to do it?
just a thought (or two) on the accessories we want. for just about everything asked for as add on's, we have other options. amazon has any number of rfid shielding sleeves and covers for passports and cards. i already have earplugs that i can put in one of the pockets. they can be found at just about any drugstore. the carabiner is a good idea, but i have a couple lying around my house that i can use. any number of stores carry them. i'm not going to use a nail clipper in any public area, so it can stay in my luggage. if i need a light, the flash on my phone does a very good job. i've already posted my comments on the bottle opener and a knife. as to the blanket, i can understand why people would want that included, but the $25 price shows that it is not a cheap item. even in large volumes it would add somewhat to the cost. i have ordered a blanket with each of my two jackets, but in most places i would wear the windbreaker, i would not need the blanket. of course, i rarely fly. in short, while any of these items might be useful to some folks, i don't think we can assume that many of them can be provided with the jacket at the current price. i think there are enough pockets in the jacket that i can add the small items i need into a plastic zip bag and carry it in one of the pockets.
can i ask how you going to ship it to be if i am moving to the new house ?? any i fill up everything and make payment but they did not ask for my address at all :\
no nail cutter, have the bottle opener as an option, and i agree with dan wu. looking forward to my jacket, oh and what's the eta for update #5
just to reinforce these wishes: - rfid protection  - blanket as a stretch-goal (pleaassseee ;))  - led light would be awesome  - a little hook/carabiner to attach keys to looking forward to my blazer! :)
would the bomber jacket be a lot heavier than the windbreaker?
just to reinforce these wishes: - rfid protection - blanket as a stretch-goal (pleaassseee ;)) - led light would be awesome - a little hook/carabiner to attach keys to looking forward to my blazer! :)
please make the blanket included in the jacket instead of an add-on.  it was supposed to be a travel jacket anyway.
can we have military green for ladies' bombers too? :)
no nail cutter or bottle opener. no led either. hope they keep it simple. the pen is the best idea for the zipper.
*features
*nail cutter
hey it's a travel jacket! how could you carry nail butter and bottle opener on plane? the aims of the jacket is less the hassle on travel not stop by custom to throw some of my feather from my jacket
oh yeah you could add a nail cutter too. i believe that would be useful every now and then. we always misplace our nail cutter. blanket guys!! not bottle opener!!
cheers to the bottle opener zipper! i can't be more excited about it. it doubles up as the best travel jacket and drinking jacket!
@george bond brummer - when the campaign ends, in 32 days, then supporters will get a survey to select style, color and size. since you just bought, you probably didn't read through the earlier postings. the campaign page may cover this, but it's so long, it's easy to miss.
hi just bought one, but didn't see any option on adding size or colour. how will this work?
hi, is it possible to get the blanket as a stretch goal, not an add-on?
hi
@andrea norzagaray natera you're welcome =)
thanks @olga kogan.  i hadn't seen anything about a warranty.  other projects on here guarantee their product for life.  i'm concerned about long-term effectiveness of the neck pillow to hold air, the fiber of the gloves to come apart, and any damage to the zipper.  there are alot of moving pieces, and while i wouldn't expect a lifetime warranty on every part of the coat, i would expect some kind of quality assurance over 2-3 years.
what is the eta for update #5?
@adam - there is no warranty as they're a start-up. source: earlier in these comments.
ear plugs sound pretty nice incase i don't want to listen to music, but the big thing i want is for the sweatshirt to not be a 100% cotton. if it is then you would see al the squares of your phone, wallet, and ipad in the jacket and it would look weird. the sweatshirt jacket needs to be sturdy
thank you for putting in an exchange policy!! -while the bottle opener is a nice idea, it will not go well on the zipper, -i think putting an led in zipper would be over complicating it, -yes please for rfid secure passport pocket, -yes please switch to 80/20 fabric in sweatshirt -don't really care about waterproofing pockets but that would be nice, -yes please some sort of earplugs (maybe on the end of the straps on the sweatshirt) little worried about drink pocket, on some airlines they give you a cup instead of a soda can, will it be able to hold a wider, shorter plastic cup without squeezing and spilling it? and will this pocket have a zipper or button or velcro or something for when we're not using it for drinks?
what is the warrenty on the coat and all of its components?
big no to the bottle opener. if you have to add something then a led light would be good.
@serena pellizzari thank you!!!! you are the best :) there are too many options!
@donald, as stated in the faq's "we'll be reaching out to all our backers after the campaign ends to collect your size, color and style options in a survey."
so... just wondering after pledging for the sweater, when will i get to select my size n colour etc
the number of supporters and the dollar amount is growing nicely with the campaign still more than half way to go (34 days left of 60 i believe). c|net and usa today have had articles within the last 8-10 days. i hope that another round of publicity is being planned. word of mouth and social media among friends is good, but if the rate of new participants slows down, the campaign may need a little punch towards the end. i would hope that in the next week or so, you would approach or reach one of your goals, or add some new incentives. that's when you need to hit the news media hard. i'm speaking as a former pr professional. a lot of people want to see those $5 million stretch goals. better sooner rather than right at the end. ps: i found out about the jacket via the c|net article.
with all the comments to add more and features all ready added,  i think this was invented by q for james bond
what is update #5 e.t.a.?
@creator - seeing that we already at $3.3m - i have no doubt that we will reach the $5m stretch goal. is there any chance of a red men's bomber jacket as a future stretch goal?
an image to illustrate : http://www.spidi.com/media/catalog/product/cache/12/image/5e06319eda06f020e43594a9c230972d/s/l/sleeve-pocket.jpg
i have a coat with a pocket in the sleeve for contactless transit cards. it's very useful. this may be something to consider.
wow, with all comments for far, i don't think i can can add anymore. only one small thing, hopefully with all item in pocket, that will not make it look like a  puffer fish or walking armor.
i'm excited for this project, i have questions and suggestions: 1. with many backers i'm concerned if the jackets will arrive on november, specially if i am not in the us because i'm planning travel in december and i'm hoping to put it into test 2. instead of the bottle opener it would be awesome if the pen & stylus has light (led or something like that) 3. also a good idea would be ear plugs to cancel noise, headphones are not effective 4. in long term, having spares for pen & stylus, blankets would be awesome best regards and keep the hard work
i know how solid you are on not giving away the blanket for free (even though i've pledged to buy 1 blazer + 2 assorted jackets), but thank you for updating your stretch goals that lean towards gender equality. *thumbs up* glad to know the pen will be easily replaceable/refillable. i would appreciate more pictures please, especially with the stretch goals now achieved, there's so many color options. surprise us backers for new stretch goals, and excellent job so far, i can't wait to see what's coming next!
i've been waiting for a jacket like this for years. i've sat idle on kickstarter for two years now and this is the first project i've ever backed. couldn't be more proud. i have a comment and a question. the one feature that i would want to see more than anything is a self-stuffsack utility similar to the patagonia nano puff jackets. i backpack often with next to no gear and being able to compress a jacket into a stuff sack (that could double as a pillow) would be awesome! can the new 12" macbook fit into the tablet pocket? thanks!
for example，i want to ask 2 jackets and send them to 2 different place.i should ask the multiple jacket reward,and add the express charge
i understand this comment section is for people to voice their opinion, but it's so rude to see other people attacking things because it doesn't 100% suit their needs. these people have to consider everyone backing this and sacrifices will be made.  it's a wonderful jacket, and my two cents is, yes please, love the bottle opener, pen and stylise may be a little heavier to hold in your hand, but it's not a pen i'll write an essay with... but one i'll whip out at the airport to fill in those annoying bits of paper.  you're doing so well keeping up with demands guys! good job!
the bomber in red for men would be nice as an option or stretch goal because the women's jacket looks really good in red.
free blanket as the next stretch goal would be cool along with the magnetic gloves
@justin, just add the $25 dollars to your existing pledge.
also, i agree with several other backers that said: no knife, have the bottle opener as an option, waterproof the technology pockets, put rfid protection inside of the passport pocket, and a reflective strip that can be tucked in
if i have a deal i already pledged, let's say the 2 sweatshirts for $254, do i just add 25$ to get the foldable blanket for free..?  or do i click the $25 dollar deal and it will add it to my existing pledge shipping-free..?
thx again y'all for the answer!
@andrea norzagaray natera you can purchase this reward "pledge $269 or more special price - pack of 2 blazer + 1 other style get one baubax blazer + any one of the following styles: sweatshirt, windbreaker and bomber jacket, in any color and size of your choice."
maybe a less invasive way of incorporating the bottle opener would be to put it on the front zipper like the drinking jacket? i don't think it would be an issue for airport security if it isn't sharp. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/chug/the-drinking-jacket-the-ultimate-drinking-accessor…
help people! i want 2 products, a blazer and a bomber, i can't figure out how can i parchase 2 products. please
in reading a couple of other comments, i too would like to see some of the ideas implemented, and i am adding my vote in the interest of their actual fulfillment. ideas for - rfid blocking for passport pocket, waterproofing for tech device pockets, phone pocket placement change (not near the heart), free blanket thrown in as stretch goal (instead of the additional $25/pledge), led on pen or elsewhere. ideas against - bottle opener (which i believe you mentioned was being reconsidered). once again, applause for the impressive idea, the consideration of our comments, and all the hard work put towards completing this soon
hi @baubax.....love the concept and the current version of the product. i must say though that i wish for some tall options for the smaller sizes. i usually buy dress shirts that are 14.5 and they have sleeve sizes 33/34, sometimes 35. however, when buying outerwear, i usually must buy the larger option (medium) so that my arms are fully covered. if you could accommodate this, i would totally see myself buying one of these for myself
excited to see more pics from your upcoming photo shoot! i totally agree with the waterproof electronic pockets! has there been any further discussion about switching to an 80/20 fabric for the sweatshirt. what about a bottle opener on a zipper?
@baubax i agree with another poster @sarah stevenson before, that the women's sweatshirt should be longer too. it looks weird (i thought i was the only one who thought that). please please fix the design so it falls nicely on a woman's body (unlike in the picture). i would very much like to have the sweatshirt (it's keeping me from pledging for another one right now). thanks!!
will there be a pouch to store the detachable hood on the blazer that doesn't bulk up the coat?
will these jackets be delivered by thanksgiving? i'm going on a month-long trip at that time and it would be amazing if it could be delivered by then. also, what will the warranty be on the coat? if the gloves tear or the zipper breaks, will i be able to replace them through you guys for free?
btw, i also second the waterproofing pockets and rfid shield lining requests :)
how will the jacket look being worn, with all pockets filled? with tablets, blankets, etc... could you provide a picture please? i don't want to look bulky. wishing the jacket also has slimming effect haha..
@brandon fulton i believe they mentioned that in the final product it will be able to fit a normal drink can.
@miguel arguelles, @mic and everyone else who is concerned about the bottle opener causing issues while airport screening. we hear you and are reconsidering this =) thank you all for sharing your insights we truly appreciate it. this is the real power of crowd funding where the crowd gets to voice their opinions before stuff hits the market! =) also waterproofing pockets and rfid blocking technology is the most asked for. our team is working to see if we can get this in. =) no promises but great ideas keep them coming! @victoria: you are right we will be having an option to select your glove size in the survey. @courtney mcmanus: we hear you on the tall sizes for smaller sizes =) also the gloves are an add on. the original concept still stands in place. @gabriel tham: we will be asking you about the glove size options (s, m, l) in the survey. @matthew lim: not for the kickstarter, we might consider it when we go retail. @thomas kankowski: yes it will be sturdy enough to carry all your gadgets safely. @kianiwai spangler: cool suggestion @leslie: we are glad you liked the half scoop gloves. our message team has sent you instructions on how to add your bomber to your pledge. @leigh aujero raval: we love animals as well. all our jackets are vegan. =) @melissa leff @bonita khan @michelle levine: we hear you and hence are planning on conducting a poll for women color options. @paster family: cool idea! @vienne tong: thanks for the encouragement =) @miller melissa: smart suggestion! we have forwarded this to our design duo! @morgyfly: thanks for the love! @evan price: thanks for the compliments evan. all our jackets will be made of pre-washed fabric so as to avoid any shrinkage. if you are like us and dig wearing the jackets almost everyday we suggest you should probably wash it atleast once a week if not more especially if you are concerned about allergens. @daniel coleman: we will be sending you a survey at the end of the campaign to know your size, color and style options. @sara marinho dias: sure, mishaps happen and we understand. =) just make sure mention this in the survey we send once the campaign has ended. @shad steele: scroll down on the campaign page to find the sizing chart. we will be sending you a survey at the end of the campaign to know your size, color and style options. @andrea cober: we see that you have figured it out! =) @abilash pulicken: sure its just like a normal ball point pen with small refills. we will share more pics soon. @benjamin low: no we dont have any deals for that. @henry johan: we hear you. the phone charger pocket will have an opening/zip for you to get your headphones out of.
@creator/baubax...what about the bottle opener situation....no answer on that?!
i forgot one:  - no reflective strip!  only yes if we can hide it when we don't want it!
first of all a big thank you all of you for giving us so many insights and ideas! you are our founding family and we love it that you are actively participating and helping us be better! =) @serena pellizzari: for now the passport pocket does not have any rfid blocking technology. its on our list to consider though =) @paolo: sure! your request is noted and we will try our best to get you the sizing chart in european sizing. @jos: rightly said, our team is working on getting all our backers these specifics. :) @min: granted =) bomber is now in military green as well. @miguel arguelles, @mic @chuang janetanakit: yes you did it correctly and don't worry we will be sending you the blanket. @lois: we hear you! @cheli cresswell: cheli we are kind and nice people and we certainly do not believe in discrimination =) we understand your concern  and rest assured our team is working on it. @laura mcilkenny: yay! spread the cheer =)
@baubax just read several comments, seems that they were not aware with the comments on the updates bottle opener is being reconsidered another good point from the comments that i read is the phone pocket in the chest personally i dislike putting my phone on that pocket as sometime it get hotter (heat from phone) when i talk in a long time so i'm wondering if the portable charger pocket is big enough and have hole for the cable for earphone to go through?
@ brandon fulton: yes, the drink pocket can hold a normal-sized can :) i also agree about taking out the bottle opener; it seems redundant on a travel jacket.
just wanted you to ask you guys to reconsider once again the glove "add-on" feature: i think it would be much better if the add-on was a mitten cover, rather than fingered gloves. making this switch in this design shouldn't cause the project to be affected differently.
- waterproofing & rfid coating for pockets - yes  - knife and/or bottle opener - no  - led - yes - european standards for the sizes, please!!!! we need to make sure on what to order...
congratulations on passing 3 million guys. i am waiting for the new blazer colours to be unlocked now. �
the bottle opener is just going to make the pen hard to use if you do not have delicate fingers! something else like led light will be far much more useful. also, why not red for men!?! i pledged because the red bomber looks badass and i want it for men! please.
@andrea: go to "manage your pledge". at the top there is a green square with your total amount. change this amount by adding 25$ and confirm the change.
is there any special deals/offers for blankets, for those buying more than one jacket?
is the drink pocket big enough for a normal sized can of soda? never been on airplane before and the can looked like the small ones. plz and ty to who ever can answer!
i agree with miller melissa 100%! can you also post more info on how the pen can be refilled once it runs out of ink?
please add my vote against the bottle opener, and in favor of rfid protection for the passport pocket, and waterproofing for the tech pockets.
this product is great.  i also think a shawl version, with the hand warmers, eye mask and pillow would be great.  i hate having to get in and out of a jacket on planes (i usually ending punching my neighbor).  a shawl solves the problem.
hats down guys, this is a really impressive project. i can't wait till november, and hope to get it on time before it gets too cold in canada for the bomber jacket i picked.
i tried to add on an extra $25 to my pledge but when i clicked on for the blanket, the jacket disappeared and only the blanket was showing on the pledge.how can i make sure that both items are included in the pledge?
ok everyone each jacket will be special yay!
i got one question(in different variations) ... i backed a package of 6 for 6 different sizes and colors cuz they will be gifts is that ok? will the survey sent out account for each jackets size or will it just take the same size for all of them? sounds like it will be specific for each jacket but i want to make sure cuz i don't want 6 jackets of the same size that would be terrible (6 jackets 6 gifts 6 peeps). i need an answer
slow clap for you guys. can't wait to use this for winter travels.
also @creator you don't need to add crap like a bottle opener just to add something. rfid and waterproofing are things that are needed. you could easily lose backers adding crap.
@creator to get a xxxl blazer i know i'll have to take it to a tailor. heck anyone ordering any blazer is most likely going to have to have it tailored to not look like a sweatshirt. and, you can charge whatever you need to to cover it too, so no extra loss.
i was excited to see the tall sizes but as a woman who is 5'10" and a size 6/8, i have to ask: where are the other tall woman's sizes? i only see large tall and xl tall. either way, i am excited for my jacket but i'd love to see other women's sizes in tall too. thank you for your consideration.
@paulo - as someone who sews, putting a hole that won't 1) tear, 2) fray or 3) get bigger and bigger into a jacket is actually fairly expensive. it would probably add 10-15 minutes to the manufacture of each jacket, which if you consider economies of scale, would add up to a decent hit to their margins. however, you could easily make this alteration yourself - or take the jacket to a competent tailor.
hi, my friend is struggling with the choice between bomber and blazer. could you please send me some pictures of the black version to compare with, so that i can show them to my friend. thanks
i agree with everyone that it would be super nice to get the blanket as a free gift however i also understand that this is a business and right now it would cost baubax $428,425 to give very backer a blanket which is a lot for a new company. there are a lot of behind the scene cost that go into manufacturing and you are already getting a deal on what the retail price would be, so you would have to assume that they are taking a hit on their net profits to thank all of their backer. now having said that the bottle opener does make a terrible thank you by all of the post that i am reading so i would like to see how they handle the situation.
@shad, the sizing chart is on the "campaign" page. you need to scroll waaaaaaay down near the bottom.
i, too, would much prefer a longer ~torso~ on the women's jackets/sweatshirts.  i see by the sizing chart the sleeves are longer for the "t" version, but i am not too keen on the short torso in the pictures!  i do not want to down grade my pledge, i am extremely excited about this ks, but i won't spend money on something i know i won't wear.  please lengthen, or have as an option, the torso on the sweatshirts!  also not a big fan of the bottle opener, should be an option instead of a forgone conclusion; the water proof pockets--at minimum for the phone--is a fantastic idea!!!!  keep up the good work!!!!
dear baubax team, i would like to suggest the following feature if possible. i prefere to keep my mobile in one of the front pockets (the ones where i keep my hands). i wish to have a small hole in such pockets for the headphones jack. it would be a nice feature, almost costless that a lot of people would appreciate. plus you are not obliged to keep your mobile in the top left pocket right next to your heart (which is not really healthy). thank you for taking this into consideration.
woohoo - next stretch goal reached. blazers in grey or navy blue. i will choose to get a grey blazer instead of black
waterproofing & rfid coating for pockets - yes knife & bottle opener - no blanket included ( perhaps for each pair of jackets bought?) - you should seriously consider this may i also request putting minimal amount on shipment overseas to reduce custom duty? thanks
where would i find the sizing chart?
@lisa: technicly kickstarter is not a business but donation i think. a gift package woud save me additional 30$. i dont care about any kind of warranty.
great concept, can't wait! request: waterproof smartphone and tablet pockets.
hi baubax. any chance you could address my query around the mishap with the pledge? thanks a lot!
thx creator
please include a measurement in centimeter for e.g. european customers ! i agree that the passport pocket should have rfid protection, the technology pockets waterproofed (both essential), and maybe a reflective strip added.
@evan: hi, at this time of the day, our message team is more responsive than the comments team. we have answered some of your questions in previous comments and/or faqs. we'd be happy to answer the other qns. the sweatshirt would be pre-washed, so they won't shrink. all the jackets are machine washable except the blazer. yes, you will have to remove the pen and the pillow before the wash; both are easily detachable.
answer me
where do i find the sizing chart? are we supposed to submit what size and color we want yet? and where would we do that?
strongly disagree with the bottle opener. unless you find a magical substance that is both strong, light, telescoping and slim, i forsee it being very breakable when leverage is applied to open said bottle. at least make it an option. original vs bottle opener
i'd rather have a led torch inside the pen instead of bottle opener. it would be too difficult to fit and useful in travels looking for your keys, lock etc. as for size chart, i presume they are all us sizes?
@ostap: even a brand as big as calvin klein doesn't offer xxxl sizes in blazers. and there is a reaon for it - blazers need to fit well to look good, jackets allow a buffer of 1inch. for a size like xxxl it is difficult to make a perfect fit. we are not being discriminatory, we are just taking precautions. if we deliver a xxxl to you and if it doesn't fit you well, we can imagine how loud and animated your comments then would be.  we are sad to see you move your pledge. take care. peace! team baubax.
on july 18th i sent the creators an email asking desperately for the men's blazer to be offered in one size bigger, as i needed the chest and shoulders to have more more inch each (this is back before the sizes all seem to have lost an inch, so now i guess i'd have to say i need two). they sent me back a response that said, "you request is noted =) we are working on updating the sizing charts! stay tuned!" i was so excited. i'd wanted a blazer just like this for so long and it seemed i'd finally found one in my size. i pledged my money and i checked and double checked this page every day since then. no change (not counting the skyrocketing funding). finally, i emailed again and, after a few days, i got this: "we understand how badly you need the blazer in xxxl, but even the world's biggest suiting brands don't offer that size, and even we can't. [which is total nonsense, imo] ...if you only want the blazer, then we are sorry but it is not possible. we are a small company [yeah, one that's worth $3m in kickstart funds alone, not including the other much vaunted "serious investors", with 36 days in pledging yet still to go!] and we can offer only so many size options. we hope you understand." well, i do not understand. it's ridiculous and discriminatory. i have no choice now but to pull my funding.
can the baubax pocket blanket be added into the stretch goals? i would really love not having to pay another 25 usd.
also not liking the bottle opener aspect. i sincerely hope there will be an option to have the version without this in it otherwise it turns a discrete, useful zip attachment into something i would remove and discard. @martin dlask you will have to figure customs and import tax into the price. this is a business venture, they will not be able to ship anything as gifts.
no bottle opener please! rfid pocket is essential. waterproof tech device pockets hugely useful, nope... essential!
as a travel garment, i agree that the passport pocket should have rfid protection, the technology pockets waterproofed, and a reflective strip added. i echo the concerns with the bottle opener.
agree on leaving off the bottle opener. keep it a regular pen/stylus. it's not needed on planes, and if i'm in my car, i have a multipurpose tool with a bottle opener. as to the comment someone made about a knife, i'm not sure whether tsa now allows small pen knives. even if they do, i'm not going risk them confiscating my small swiss army knife i normally carry.
could @creator answer my questions, and like others have said leave the bottle opener as an option
i too would like to share my sentiments on the bottle opener.  completely unneccessary and a potential detriment rather than being a useful one.  if people really wanted to open their bottles, they can do it.  or at least provide it as an option and not force it on us. the original design is already fantastic, stop adding more to it.  instead as others have suggested offer another pack that has all these extra travel bits that you want to cram into the original.  there will come a point where it might just be too much.
clarification: there are no sensors in the travel jacket. what we shared was our vision of the future of technology powered clothing. we are working on a update with more clarifications and answers to all the comments. we plan to send it by the end of the day.
hi.  please add me to the "no bottle opener & built-in temperature sensors" group. i have no need for this. rather give the blanket that everyone is asking for! please let us choose the original design.
i agree with  the others, lose the bottle opener. i have no need for this.
hi, i want to ask: when you will be shipping the jackets. will you be shipping it as a gift? iam asking because i love you jackets but i don't want to pay tax and import duty.
i could be wrong here, but i don't think they intend to add those sensors to the apparel for this ks campaign. i think they just wanted to make a statement of what they hope to do in the future.
seems not being answer, can i refill the zipper pen? thanks.
i forgot to mention the "built-in temperature sensors"...... really, 80% of the people in the world probably don't own a smart thermostat  (i'm a home owner and don't), also most people won't be pairing their smart phone to their jackets and i'm almost certain that 95% of us will not be wearing a  $120+ jacket to the gym to sweat in....... just give everyone the blanket already. thanks.
keep it a "normal" travel jacket and make a special backpackers version or whatever..... that includes all the objects people are not interested in such as bottle opener and more.
i have to echo others who are not interested in the bottle opener nor the sensors. both seem to be decreasing the desirability of the product i initially supported. i do not want my temperature being monitored, do not want the bottle opener; rather than benefits these are definite detriments. i may even cancel my support for the project if it is definitely going to be included whether i like it or not. i had hoped to see the women's sweatshirt in black (like the men have - why do you think women want pink?) or navy - and in a significantly longer version. i think it's obvious that if there was anything backers wanted as a stretch goal, it was the blanket - and failing that, earplugs. you promoted this as perfect for travel, but now you are going high-tech sporty/camping - why not do another version in the future that can be sold at camping stores? maybe when we see your new pictures, i'll find out you really did significantly increase the length fixing the 'gap' problem with your original women's cut....but i had hopes you were listening to your backers and now i fear i was woefully wrong about that.
to me and probably quite a few other people, a bottle opener is an absolute waste for 2 reasons: 1- i actually do not drink or consume any sort of beverage that would require one. 2- when was the last time anyone saw one used on an airline ?
same here, i rather prefer the more simpler thinner pen stylus, rather than a more chunky heavier one with a bottle opener. @evan prince: kickstarter allows only one pledge, so you just have to manually add $25 to your total pledge figure. also explained in the faq.
and the blanket not and the jacket
sorry, but just thought of a few other questions, will it be treated with any chemicals, if so what, what is the recommended wash care for it such as: hot or cold water, do we need to remove bottle opener/ pen/stylus or the neck pillow, another question is how do i add the blanket to my order, cause when i went to order the blanket too, the page tried to change my order from a sweatshirt to a blanket, for another stretch goal y'all could simply make it to where we get the jacket style we ordered and the jacket therefore fellow backers and i wouldn't have such a hassle when we are just trying to give your project even more support, last but not least will the sweatshirt shrink a ton, cause it is 100% cotton or will it have another material to keep it about the same size before and after washing it, if so what material/fabric will be added, would be helpful if i received an answer fairly quickly, for allergy reasons, and how often will the baubax need to be washed? also, for a general question could someone tell me how to change my kickstarter profile picture, overall great project, and last but not least, i believe that this project can and will get 6 million dollars if not more!!!!! again, super cool project!!!
hey, love the bottle opener idea, but not the knife, quick question about the tech jeans, why would y'all put in a workout sensor, i mean who really works out in their jeans, therefore y'all should probably make some workout/ sports apparel that ha the tech sensors integrated into them, but that's just my opinion.
same with a lot of people here, don't like the bottle opener idea. got a suggestion though, can you add petite sizes?
i agree i don't like the bottle opener idea. maybe you could offer a choice between the traditional pen/stylus that you originally offered and the updated bottle opener idea. it seems like with the bottle opener you are getting away from the original propose of the perfect travel coat and are now making the perfect camping coat. (someone suggested adding a knife please do not do this as there would be do way to get through security) also i love the suggestion of waterproofing the tech pockets. you never know what the day will bring
i would also love the sweatshirt in black for women!
i love this. i was on the fence but jumped off head first when i saw that they came in tall. being 6' 3" and a female finding jackets and coats with long enough sleeves and dont stop at my waist is the bane of my existence. thank you!
if you could make the neck pillow so it will latch in front, and be higher in front, that would make it a *lot* better. every horseshoe pillow i've ever used does nothing to keep my head from falling forward, leading to a stiff neck. i sewed a hook and eye onto one pillow cover to make it a full doughnut, and turned it 180˚ so the fat part was in front. best sleep i've had on a plane! (how come nobody else knows about this?)
i am very excited by this project, but very disappointed in the available women's sizes.  currently i am a backer, but might have to cancel my pledge, because there's no way these will fit.  when i wrote in before pledging, i was assured that you would increase the sizes of the blazer to larger women's sizes, but see that has not occurred.  you really need to increase the upper range of sizes--the blazer needs up to at least a 24, the 16 is very small in the bust.  also, why do you keep providing options for men's products that are not available for women?
hi, i'm hoping for tall sizes for women's small/medium like a lot of other commenters. i do prefer clothing that is longer in the torso even though i may not need longer sleeves and the like. also, neat idea about the half-scoop gloves, but personally, i'm a huge fan of the lululemon jackets that have "cuffins" built in. similar design to the "gloves" already in these jackets, but perhaps just a tiny bit better imo. those are awesome there is a little flat-ish pouch that you can flip back and let your digits breathe, or flip/slip it over and all fingers (except maybe the thumb) are toasty. great job, keep it up!
please add a high visibility reflective patch or strip! one of my pet peeves in the winter is people on cross walks with dark jackets and no light/reflective gear. this would be very helpful - be smart, be seen!
i would suggest a chart with a body to show how the measurements for sizing are to be done.
i think a small non metal knife would be useful. something small enough to cut strings etc but could not hurt anybody
i had my initial pledge of usd 119 for a bomber and when i tried to put in the blanket i ended up losing my initial pledge (new to kickstart unfortunately). now i had to order the usd 129 one to get it. i just added usd 15 to it (instead of the usd 25 required) for the blanket to make up for my loss. will i receive the blanket? thanks!
i am going to add my vote for waterproofing the pockets... at least the tablet and phone pockets. that would be absolutely fantastic!
i've seen a lot of comments mention rfid lining and waterproofing the pockets to keep your tech safe in case you get caught in the rain. i think they're both great ideas. havent seen any responses from yall yet but is it possible/practical? keep up the good work!
any chance there will be a stretch goal that includes black sweatshirts for women? :)
@priscilla tang yes you would have to add an additional $25 dollars on top of the cost for the 3 jackets and the $30 shipping.
i love the fact you have listened to other comments/emails! the bottle opener is very clever! i was just wondering, how long will the ink last in the zipper and would you offer a refill option?
as a frequent flight traveler, i think this is a great idea, excited about this product and the bomber style only concers i have. is in sizing  i'm a 3x men sz with a long torso, and large hands.
i also love the idea of a water resistant lining for the tech pockets.
question. still confused about blanket and shipping. say the order i want is $349 (3 jackets) + $30 shipping = $379. if i want one blanket, is it included in the $30 shipping cost? or do i have to add another $25 on top of the shipping cost, thus the amount i'll have to pay is: $349 (3 jackets) + $30 shipping + $25 blanket = $404.
i don't see this style bottle opener being a problem with tsa. though before rfid pocket lining idea i would think water resistant lining for the pockets supposed to carry tablets/phones in models other then the wind breaker could be more useful. at least in this case if you are hit by an unexpected storm, your electronics could stay dry.
i also like the rfid lining idea for the passport pocket!!!
i also like the rfid lining idea for the passport pocket, would be super secure. also some earplugs would be another really handy travel feature that would make travel very convenient.
i'm excited for my blazer! keep up the good work guys :)
i also like the mini screwdriver idea
the hood should have little pockets right by the ears for each ear piece of the earphones to sit in, makes it a little nice for hearing things around you and your music
maybe have a version of the pen without the bottle opening so we can swap it out before travel? i too share the same concern as others about going through the airport with that. maybe implement a mini screwdriver for tightening our glasses? anyone? otherwise, great project!
the passport pocket should have rfid shielding, maybe a mesh liner or something.  that would be incredibly useful (and secure).
yeah i don't like the bottle opener idea as much. earplugs would be nice
agreed, bottle opener not a good idea for airplane travel
ditch the bottle opener, bad idea for airplane travel!
i would like to know which of the options are vegan, apart from the sweatshirt. thanks!
hi baubax! i have a chest measurement at around 38 inches. based on your size chart for blazers, an xs-size has a chest measurement of 36.5-38, while a s-size is from 39-40. for blazers, aren't they usually half-an-inch to even an inch larger than your actual measurement, so i'm guessing that i should choose an s (39-40)? or is it the case that when you say xs, this should already be the right size fit for someone with a chest size from 36.5-38? basically, does the size chart show the exact measurement of the blazer size, or does it suggest the right fit given your size range? thank you and i hope you get to see this message! others might inquire about this as well. p.s. i'm 5'6", with a shoulder measurement of 16.5 to 17. i'm just not sure whether to choose from xs or s.
yeah i also have concerns about the bottle opener attachment. while this sounds cool in principle, i am worried about 1. the pen breaking. and mostly importantly number 2. causing problems at airport security not only in america, but abroad as well. i would just like to throw out this statement taken straight from the tsa's website: "even if an item is generally permitted, it may be subject to additional screening or not allowed through the checkpoint if it triggers an alarm during the screening process, appears to have been tampered with, or poses other security concerns. the final decision rests with tsa on whether to allow any items on the plane." i'm worried about the possibility that a agent decides to not let it through, even if lets say it was allowed. thanks for all the hard work :)
@creator. thanks for clearing up the gloves, that sounds great. i'm also waiting to hear back about adding the bomber hopefully without losing my early bird pledge. look forward to the photo shoot pics, it's what i had end mind from my earlier post. thanks again
in trying to decide on the type of jacket, i had to consider where i live (southeast u.s.). i am going with the windbreaker because it can handle rain. but i will get one size larger and for winter, i can wear a fleece shell under the windbreaker. i already have a couple of shells. that gives me more flexibility for the weather conditions i am most likely to encounter. unlike many people who might buy this product, i hope to spend little time on airplanes.
the only thing that would make this perfection would be earplugs.. it's the only other travel necessity i have that isn't included.
clarification: the half scoop touch screen friendly gloves are an add-on for those who feel cold in flights and need to cover their finger, while they are working on their iphones or ipads. the reason why it's half scoop is because the bottom half of the gloves are still in the sleeves, as the initial feature. we haven't changed anything. we've just added a feature. we hope it's clear now!
excited about stretch goals, but i am worried about the touch screen friendly gloves. if they cover your fingers, you will be unable to put your hand through it without wearing the glove. please make it so the fingers are a flip over on the original gloves. please make sure the bottle cap won't jeopardize the zipper in security, and that the password pocket is rfid secure. if your looking for ideas, a pocket for kleenex would be nice. not one with kleenex hanging out like a kleenex box, that would look weird, but one to hold one of those little mobile kleenex packages. also, just to make sure, these coats don't have temp tracking or any monitoring, right? lastly, please add a warranty as a stretch goal, maybe one with exchanges only in case we get the wrong size.
would really love the bomber jacket to be offered in military for women too!
for the sweatshirt, you mention "if required, we may change it to 80% cotton and 20% polyester to make it more sturdy and balanced to carry the weight of your gadgets." i was concerned about the sturdiness of the sweatshirt, but i like how versatile a sweatshirt is, so out of your 4 options, it's the only one i would want. when will we know what you decide on the fabric for this? how sturdy should i expect the sweatshirt to be? thanks!
hopeful for the 3m mark -- really would like the blazer in navy! same question as @serena pellizzari regarding rfid blocking, that would be a great feature.
do you guys have short sizes in the works?
are the gloves stretchable and what size of hands do they fit?
will these jackets be delivered by thanksgiving? i'm going on a month-long trip at that time and it would be amazing if it could be delivered by then. also, what will the warranty be on the coat? if the gloves tear or the zipper breaks, will i be able to replace them through you guys for free?
will the new glove design be optional? i loved the original concept...it allows people to add gloves if they choose, but still lets those of us with perpetually cold hands be comfortable without full gloves. also - please please please add women's small tall and medium tall sizes!!!
i'm a backer and hope that you also considered those with an athletic build - wider, bigger shoulders and arms with a smaller waist. thank you!
@min, they have added a khaki green for the bomber for men (well, 'military' which i'm interpreting as khaki) that said, i prefer the gloves the way they are - i have ridiculously long fingers and most gloves just don't fit well on me. if this kickstarter does hit $5 million, can we choose the gloves style in the survey perhaps?
thanks for the update. you all have a lot of ideas for the jackets. will they still make them machine washable and easy to care for? i also agree with lois about the half glove. my vision would be a great jacket with cool features for traveling like the original ones and an easy to care for machine washable jacket that looks great and will last. bottle opener?
very excited that you're considering tall! might be able to order for myself soon, not just others!
so, i have been looking forward to this update, but now i'm shocked and disappointed. where are the smaller tall sizes for women? the "updated" size chart shows tall starting with size "large tall"... this has to be an error, right?? it feels extremely discriminatory. you guys know that all tall women are not overweight?? there are lots of women who need longer sleeves, wider shoulders, and a little longer length, but have the same waist and bust sizes as the xs, s, and m sizes. please update the size chart with tall sizes for all women!!
thanks for the update: i'm always waiting for one and i highly appreciate detailed updates. i'd like to make a suggestion about the glove stretch goal. i was hoping you would add a little hood to the pre-existing design, like this: https://img1.etsystatic.com/000/0/5313685/il_75x75.193561181.jpg. half-gloves as seen in sex and the city aren't practical if you're trying to make it fit for all backers. it's impossible to make it one size fits all bc of the large range of finger lengths, which is why even rubber gloves have s/m/l options. and wearing gloves that don't is always uncomfortable. but leaving it fingerless with a slightly-stretchy mitten cover would be perfect for keeping fingers warmer. if you need to use your phone or type, you just pull the mitten part off and use your free fingers: the mitten/glove doesn't have to be touch-friendly.
did i just add $25 more to pledge for the blanket add-on? i pledge $109 and $10 for the shipping. so did i just pledge $144 for the $109 option and hope to get the blanket?
yes, please provide more information on how to measure and also in cm please. don't want to end up ordering the wrong size. thanks
can you please post clear 'how to measure" instructions including photo's with marks what to measure. this saves a lot of complains later. it takes only maximum of 1 hour to create a nice pdf with some clear instructions.... also please include a measurement in centimeter for e.g. european customers (less important than how-to-measure instructions, but takes only a few minutes to add).
the bottle opener is a welcome addition, but might that mean the zipper could be banned on flights, or possibly get us in trouble with the tsa?
yah, black blazer is near congratulations guys cant wait
hi guy, more variety of colours would be cool! perhaps khaki green for the bomber?
hi guys, thank you for this, it rocks! looking forward also to the 3m mark, as the blazer of course would be very handy in navy! ;) i'd have one request, hope you don't mind: as we won't be able to try the jackets, it would be very helpful if you could provide european sizing too, at least for the blazers - as they are the most expensive and also the ones for which one or two cms more or less can make a difference! i'm asking this because all the sizing you have on the page is us sizing, which is quite different from european - and it's proving hard for me to understand which size i should order! thank you guys! paolo
i see you added the tall sizes for women-- but extended sizes for plus-sized women would be better-- surely there are more plus size women than incredibly tall women. can't you go up to a 24?
@ christina cuevas: hi christina, no problem we are here to help. our message  team will guide you.
i ordered the 2 jackets for a total of $223. i went back to order the blanket and it took my jackets off. and now i can't get them back, help!
sorry, the passport pocket includes rfid blocking technology?
@alexander cruz: at the end of the campaign we will be sending out a survey to all our backers to choose the color, size and style options @brucep - chameleon prime, @boaz halachmi: thank you =) for helping fellow backers! @gautami arumugam: if you are still having trouble send us a message and our team will guide you. @leah greenblat: the drink pocket is lined with neoprene which will allow your drink to be insulated. the video does show case mini coke cans however we will the actual jacket will allow you to fit in a normal coke can. @monica badlani: thats for the heads up we dint realize the nominations end on 31st! @kate edwards: yes we are. check out the new sizing charts its updated! =) @marc oberhauser: the blanket is made up of 40% nylon and 60% synthetic fabric. we are still working on finalizing the blanket fabric as we want to achieve the best temperate range for traveling on flights. we'll update exact details in faqs soon.
the passport pocket is with rfid?
how do i know what color i got? better yet, how do i choose the color?
@gautami a, like the faq on the campaign page says for adding a blanket, add the amount of the other jacket to your existing pledge using the blue, manage your pledge button.
hi, i am thinking of adding a bomber jacket to my pledge, how do i do that?
how does the drink pocket work?  the video shows one of those extra small cans of soda.  what size container will it be able to accommodate?  i'm worried the pocket is so small and awkward that the drink will spill getting it in and out of the pocket.
could you tell me what material the blanket is made of ann maybe load up a few pictures? for $25 i would like to see what i get first prior to adding this to my pledge. will there be different colors to chose or just the dark grey?
love the excitement around this campaign! i think you be a great candidate for the chicago innovation awards. http://www.chicagoinnovationawards.com/  (if you haven't already been nominated!)
i ordered the women's blazer in the hope you'd far surpass $2m because i'll definitely need it in a tall size. so congrats, now i'm looking forward to it :)
@tom: choose one of the pack of 2 tiers...
i want to order 2, how do i do this?
sorry cancel that. i obviously didn't scroll all the way too the bottom of the page before asking that question...
are you guys able to also include the size charts for the 4 different styles you have just to make it easier to select what size i would love to pick from when the time comes. since we can't really try them on before purchasing it
hi @lida: yes, except the detachable hood, all 4 jackets have all other features. in the blazer, the passport pocket will be on the inside and not outside. hope this helps :)
can you confirm that all styles will have all of the features listed in the videos and on the campaign page?  i see that the sweatshirt and windbreaker will not have the detachable hood, but do not know if all will have the gloves, eye mask, drink pocket, micrfiber cloth, sunglass pocket, ipad pocket, hand warming pockets, earphone holders, phone pocket, zipper stylus, passport and blanket pocket, gloves, and portable charger pocket?  particularly the blazer?
@felipe: we may not photos of models wearing all the colors. because we haven't developed prototypes in all the colors. but we will definitely capture and upload all the color options that we have developed so far. stay tuned.
@felipe: hi, we have scheduled a photo shoot on thursday, july 30th. so, by next weekend you should expect new images on the campaign page.
please i need more photos showing the differences between the sweatshirt and bomber for men in black please. i'll appreciate this a lot....thanks guys.
@mario: hi, apart from the blazer, you can pretty much wear any of the 3 styles for camping. may be you wanna have a look at the temperature chart, to compare with the temperature range of the locations you plan to visit.
what would be recommended for camping trips?
oh perfect! and, since i live in mountains, i'll take them both =d thanks guys!
@serena: hi, the outer fabric of the bomber is a soft shell material that easily slides away snow, but it isn't water repellent. only the windbreaker is water repellent.
sorry, the bomber is it water-repellent, or just windbreaker is?
@jeremy: hi, the hood of jacket is machine washable. the blazer requires professional dry clean. we assure you that without the hood, the blazer would look like a professional business jacket.
@poison: hi, so sorry we missed your comment earlier. the blazer material will not be water resistant, but wrinkle resistant. we wouldn't recommend water proofing it. blazer fabric: 65-percent polyester, 35-percent viscose (this may change)
@blaine: a correction: the size of the ipad pocket will be 8inches x 10inches. the iphone pocket can fit an iphone 6+ or a samsung galaxy note sized phone you should be able to connect a cable from the portable charger pocket to the iphone pocket, not to the ipad pocket.
what sort of fabric is the blazer? is it water-repellant at all? if not, can it be water-proofed without causing damage to the fabric? i will continue to ask until this is answered.
okay guys i am thinking of changing my double sweatshirt pledge to the blazer + sweatshirt but i am worried that the blazer will look sloppy. is the blazer made of a material that could be worn up to 5 days per week? is the blazer and the inflatable hood machine washable?
@michael b.: hahaha you bet! it's not as expensive as the blanket, but definitely a great aid to our travel needs. we are almost done with update #4. will send out in a few hours :)
in leiu of the blanket: "we have got something better in store for you. stay tuned". i can't wait to see what it is...........
@kado48 and @daphne ong: we hear you and many others as well =) we will be doing a poll on the colors of our sweatshirts for women. @lois and @boaz halachmi: thank you once again! =) for helping fellow backers. you rock!! @thorsten huber: you did it correctly! @allan chia: they are coming up shortly. @ivan: the guy in the sweatshirt colors section of our campaign is wearing a charcoal color sweatshirt. @nicole jensen: we are introducing tall sizes for women as well today. @blaine oliver: the ipad pocket is round about 8.25 inch by 6.25 inch and can easily hold the first generation ipad which is 7.75 × 5.82 in and diagonal 9.7 inch.
i'm going to keep asking for the blanket till they listen to their customers and include it for free. period.
please do consider a conservative color for the women's sweatshirt.  navy, dark eggplant, black color etc.  the light grey is a good neutral in the sweatshirt but it is also very casual.
i'd like to suggest black as an option for all designs, please. looks like you have more than enough backing to stretch the variety a bit? can't wait for this to get into full swing!
@justin lee: they won't ask for your jacket selection and color until after the kickstarter campaign is over and they've collected the funds.
i am a backer and how do i select the color of the bomber i backed?
@wadood: you can add 12,543 blankets :-) as long as you add $25 for each one to your total amount. go to "manage your pledge". at the top there is a green square with your total amount. change this amount by adding 25$ multiple the number of blankets you want and confirm the change.
to get two of the sweaters, one female and one male edition, shipped to germany, a pledge of $238 is correct?
i pledged on a "pack of 2", can i add on 2 of blankets?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
please post additional photos of individual jackets so that we can make a better decision. dont get caught up in all the hype, please.
as someone else asked could you provide dimensions for the ipad pocket and the charger pocket? i would like to check as my portable charger is pretty big. is there a possibility of a clip so usb cables can go from the charger to the ipad pocket and phone pocket. also: what size phones will the phone pocket take?
in the choice of colors section for the men's sweatshirt, can someone clarify which color sweatshirt the male model is wearing? is it the charcoal or the blue colored sweatshirt? thank you.
please make sure that you are making the jacket tall enough for a tall woman! i am 6'1'', and i really want to be able to wear this!
@enciel they're going to update the sizing charts and include more photos on the next update. if you're looking for material closeups, i believe they already have some on the campaign page, but more photos of closeup photos of the actual jackets would be a good addition. hopefully they'll include those as well. @cindy lim, as with all kickstarter projects, a survey is sent out after the campaign is over to determine sizes, options, and addresses, etc.
on all the images, you reference a "portable charger pocket", but it's not described in any of the accompanying text. is that just a pocket designated to keep a phone charger in, or does it have some kind of opening into the phone pocket (to allow you to charge your phone while in it's pocket)?
just backed this project! excited to see the end result! with all of these pockets, you guys should make women purses next!
please stop asking them for the blanket as a stretch goal. they have already said no so many times.
hi! is there any detail on sizing for women for length of jacket? particularly interested in bomber jacket for women. can we also have detail closeup shots on the material on jacket :)
going to japan at the end of this year. this will be a great piece of clothing to have during japan's winter season. :)
looking forward to getting a nice blue bomber sent to the uk :d
...sweatshirts :-)
@jefferson: didn't you check the pledge levels? there is a pack of 2 for $229. just choose this option, and after the campaign ends you'll get the survey where you'll be able to say you want two sweatshrits.
@creator how do i buy 2 sweatshirt.
@hanne: go to "manage your pledge". at the top there is a green square with your total amount. change this amount by adding 25$ to it and confirm the change. @ campbell: as with all ks projects, only when the campaign ends and funds collected, you'll get an email for a survey, and only on that survey you will have the option to choose sizes, colors and model (all models if you ordered multiple ones).
how do you choose what type, colour and size you get?
the instructions for adding the blanket in the faq aren't working for me.is anyone else having this issue? when i click the blanket one, my pledge changes to just the blanket, as i'm unable to select multiple options.
hi  i'd like to ask whats the circumference of the sleeves? for the sizes.. especially near the under arm area? because some jackets tend to be too tight for me
do all styles have all of the features (beside the removable hood)? the photos make it look like the blazer is missing the front drink and smartphone pockets? while the bomber looks like it has zips on the inside forearms? otherwise awesome project! can't wait to get mine!!
is it possible to get the size charts updated for women with things like they have for the men? i know bust and waist is important but i've got broad shoulders and somewhat thick upper arms so it'd be nice to know that re: sizing so i can make the right choice. thanks guys for this awesome jacket. can't wait to see them made!
hi i didn't get to choose the sizes at all after i choose the mode of payment. looks like i backup the duplicate... how do i cancel view if i have duplicate order?
free blanket as a stretch goal would be awesome =)
so excited for this!! not sure if it's been said before, but i would really like to have the option to get the women's sweatshirt in black. or, at some point, if we could be informed what the comparison on gendered sizes are, like would a men's small equal a women's large? thanks!!
@laura me @boaz halachmii @lois: thank you for being awesome backers and helping fellow backers out! @chawanat nakasan: good call, we shall update our faq's. our awesome backers please help other backers get answers to their questions by pointing them to our faqs =) thanks in advance you guys are all simply awesome!! @wong wang chung: no it its not. @fransan: no, its only  big enough to carry the 1st generation ipad. @gryphonet: we have got something better in store for you. stay tuned #update: is that we will have tall sizes unlocked for both men and women! will change the info graphics soon.
i really would expect a free blanket as a stretch goal by now… almost usd 2 mio. on a target of merely usd 20k.
@john kelley there's an option to buy 2 jackets, and they're gonna send you a survey once the kickstarter ends to ask you what styles. it's the pack of two option for $229. @andrea norzagaray natera from the previous comments i've read, i'm sure you pledge the same pack of two option but you might want to send them a message so they can add a note on! :)
i have the same question that john kelley. i back one blazer for me but i want a bomber as a gift for someone else. how can i do that? thanks!
how do i back multiple items? i want the sweatshirt and the bomber. thanks!
is the baubax blanket water-resistant or waterproof?
hi, great project... 1 question : is the "ipad pocket" big enough to carry a surface pro 3 (12") ? or the next ipad pro (may be 12,9") ?
the problem is that the campaign q&a is not updated as the campaign progresses. i think ks should allow projects to have a q&a page or megathread where all questions are listed individually instead of serially like this.
there are so many people posting questions that are repeat and have already been answered by the creators. please don't waste their time by repeating a question that they've already answered for everyone, go to the faq section at the bottom of the campaign page, and go down the comments and read them! thanks @glenn, for posting that confirmation about the rfid. hopefully people will actually read it.
it was just confirmed that the passport pocket is not rfid secured. it really would be nice to do that!
hi guys, great project! love it.  will this include taxes when sent? cheers.
@ diego: go to "manage your pledge". at the top there is a square with your total amount. change this amount by adding 25$ to it and confirm the change.
@creator  hi, id like to know if i will be able to get the exact size i asked for? :)
so i tried adding the blanket to my pledge, but that just changed my pledge to a $30 instead of the $129. could you give me a hand with this? also, what kind of refill will the pen use?
really hoping to see more pictures of each style, especially the details. will there be more pictures?
@creator what sort of fabric is the blazer? is it water-repellant at all? if not, can it be water-proofed without causing damage to the fabric?
love it, more colours please!  =)
i had a sweatshirt very similar to this a few years back.. not everything this one has - but pretty darn close - the problem was the color / pattern.  it was trendy and very quickly became something i didn't want to wear.  which was a bummer as i paid near $100 for it and it was awesome.  i'm hoping that basic black becomes an option for the sweatshirt for women.  never goes out of style!
ok, i understand you refuse to give out the blanket for free no matter what. can't you just then offer it as a discounted reward when a certain amount has been reached? i.e. 1.5 million - blanket costs 20$ now       3 million - blanketc costs 15$ now and so forth. if you absolutely cannot offer it included at some point with the pledges despite how much you are being pledged in total, i would think you're actually closing yourself off from a lot of potential backers for the blanket. i'm not referring to a hand out, you've already planted your foot on that.  i'm referring to an incentive to all the current backers to 'want' to back for the blanket.  surely you must have already calculated how much it would actually cost to manufacture the blanket.  it can't possibly cost 25$ per blanket. anyways my 2cents.  still love this project.  just seeing all the comments about wanting the blanket but that 25$ tag is just a bit too steep for what i believe is the majority of your backers.
just made my pledge for a two pack, but didn't get the blazer option due to the limited sizing for women.  any chance you'll have large sizes of the blazer for bustier women?
here's another vote for women's tall!
thanks for the quick response @creator! appreciate it. one last question, i promise. if the jacket doesn't fit or there are any issues with the product, what is your return policy?
how do i add another order to my existing one?
@creator i have few questions. which model baubax water flash good for under rain/snow? which one is good for winter snow? do u have weight of each model? thanks
"at $2 million - tall sizes get unlocked for men" :( what happened to "tall people rock"? tall women are people too :( very disappointed this won't be an option.
hi! i would like to add a sweatshirt to my existing order.  could you please help me on this?
hi! great project, we ordered a choice of 2 but are not sure which styles we'll get yet. i'm curious about how thick the sweatshirt is and whether it will be available in solid colors (i'm not a huge fan of the current color options), black or dark blue would be great! also, in the pictures, the women's sweatshirt looks short - how long is it?
hi there! i would like to change my order from a sweater to a bomber. is that possible? also, would you have more pictures available for the range for women? i would appreciate that. thank you! :)
@baubax llc will you have an exchange policy in case we order a size that doesn't fit as well as expected?
hi i would like to add a pocket blanket too in my order. is that possible?
hi i'd like to order a sweatshirt as well in my pledge can you contact me?
i've just pledged for a sweatshirt ($109+$20 shipment) but have immediately decided that wouldn't be enough given the awesomeness of that jacket. now i would like to get a blazer ($129) as well - any chance you can help me adding it to my order? thanks!
i meant a small number of 2-blazers early bird rewards, clearly. kickstarter should really allow comments editing...
i've been looking for a jacket like yours for years, and i finally found one that does everything i wanted and so much more! i have a couple of questions for you. first, is there a drink pocket in the blazer too, and if so, where is it located? second: i friend of mine fell in love with the blazer like i did, so he asked me if i could grab one for him too. but i wouldn't like to lose the early bird pledge, as there's no such pledge level for two blazers. any chance of adding a small number of 2-blazers rewards? thanks in advance!
will there be tall sizes for women? or, are there other stretch goals planned that will be specific to the women's jackets?
@ haolin cai: new photos will be uploaded this weekend. stay tuned.
are there any additional pictures of the jacket on the models? the women's blazer is especially difficult to fully visualize in the image and also the kickstarter video.
@ ray mercado: our team has reached out to help you out in a message. @cheryl teo kai lin: yes we are gearing up for this early. we are hopeful all will go as planned.
hi, i was also hoping to double up my sweatshirts in one pledge for the early bird #2 price of $109. is that possible?
congratulations on the epic amount of pledges! with 42 more days to go, the pledges will keep coming in and at the end of the campaign, it may be at some impressively obscene amount. i got to ask though, will the number of orders affect the shipment date?
@kavin s : thank you so much for words of encouragement. :) our communications team is working very hard to make sure all your queries are answered. we are planning to start early to make sure we can deliver as promised! @joe brothman: thank you joe! @ashley sthen: thats correct ashely, source wikipedia : http://bit.ly/1ylfhuk someone needs to  update entry 86 =) @gurjot gill: the jackets do not have that feature yet. @ashley marie sinn: we hear you. we are considering it but no promises. @thiéfaine: thanks for your support. updates are going to be rolled out soon @tyson pratt: nice idea =) will keep that in mind. @ann bodden: yes ann the black bomber for women is on! @peinan zhi: our team wil reach out to you for your request. @khate bernardez: black bomber is now available for women as well @erika poole: the red bomber is a little darker shade of red, but it is definitely not hot pink =) @dionn roman p. tauli : yes dionn, unless stated all jackets have all the features listed. @tony yeh: no tony the fabric in the blazer is not waterproof. @khail aaron despojo: khali we cannot throw in the blanket free for any of our stretch goals however we do have some goodies in store for you. the pen is easily refillable and we will also be sending refills for the same. @victoria wong: its not a silly question, we know the kickstarter interface has a lot of limitations. our team will be reaching out to help you.
@avi: those are coming to you this weekend =) @daniel navarro: our team just responded to you via a message. @justin siu: we are planning on bringing back the slim fit for men's blazers. look out for the updates in the sizes.
hi!  can we please get better pics of the front and back of each style?  i'm undecided between the bomber and the windbreaker and need some more pics to help me make my decision.  thanks!
hi! can i pledge two sweatshirts in one pledge of 109$? (just adding the two in one pledge) or do i have to choose the 229$ option?
i have a 36 size body, but am still hoping to get the blazer style for men. will xs be available as a size?
hi, i wanted to congratulate you guys again for hitting it out of the ball park with your product. to think you originally only asked for $20,000! since there's so much interest, i'm sure you're working hard to ensure that everything goes smoothly even while answering everyone's questions here. i've been following the comments pretty closely, and appreciate how quickly you're responding to your backers. just wanted to cheer you guys along. :) thanks! looking forward to your updates.
i can see this hitting well over 2 million in the time frame left.  my estimate on completion is 2.3 million.  let's see if i'm right...
sorry i haven't read through the 600+ comments, but any information on the manufacturing processes and factories you'll be utilizing to manufacture your jackets? it's too good of a price for usa manufacturing.  great product. can't wait to have mine :d
has baubax  now become the most backed most funded clothing/fashion project  ??? 1.4 million is funding.... that is impressive figures...
@jurgen buschek, @matt bukoski hey jurgen and matt if you buy a jacket we ship the blanket to you for free you do not have to pay an additional $10 for the shipping. =) hope that clarifies your doubts. @bree medcalf: please refer to our faq question on how you can add a blanket to your pledge. if you are still having problems send us a message and we will help you. =)
so this is just a thought i had while watching the video, but awesome jackets/blazers. this might have been mentioned before somewhere else didn't really do my research. anyways so out of curiosity i was wondering if the jacket pockets for the electronics were perhaps lined with some material that would lessen the impact of the radiation emitted?
so how to u add a blanket as an add on? or do we have to pledge twice?
why should i pay shipping on both the blanket and the blazer? brutal
i want to add a blanket but i don't think i should pay an additional $10 for shipping! it should come with my windbreaker in one package...
it would be awesome if you also offered the women's sweatshirt in black, since you are now offering the women's bomber in black.
please peek for update sizing chart for french because i'm totally looo...ose. i'm waiting new pictures :) and thank i've backed for the trio.
can you make another stretch goal to add a bottle opener to the jacket?
i just logged in to see if you had made the first stretch goal because i wanted a black bomber jacket! great timing.
@pooja sachdeva: as we have already crossed the 1 million mark of our stretch goals the bomber jacket is now available in black for women as well! =) @vien: you read our mind. we were just thinking on the same lines. we are trying our best to start early and making sure everything reaches to you on time. =) stay tuned for more updates. @leslie cregar: our team will reach out to you via a message on how you can add a bomber jacket to your pledge. @séan schillinger: thanks séan =) @boaz halachmi: thanks for the help boaz! =) we truly appreciate it. you just earned a bunch of good karma points!
will you be offering a the bomber jacket in black for women as you have for men? or will women have to order the men's bomber jacket in order to get it in black? thanks!
@creator... with this many backers and interests... any thoughts on starting production sooner? is the number of backers going to impact the delivery date? any thoughts on this?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i have the early bird 1 for the sweatshirt but am thinking i'd like the bomber as well. how can i add the bomber without losing my early bird price for sweatshirt?
cnet.com had a short article on the baubax jacket. two smart ways to make plane travel better, now blowing up on kickstarter http://www.cnet.com/news/airhook-and-baubax-travel-jacket-blowing-up-on-kickstarter/
what is the outer fabric on the blazer? is it the microfiber as in the others and if so, is it also somewhat water-repellent?
can't find any description/picture of the "blanket"...
pledged for a bomber! really hope the outer material will be water-repellent as well... and the blue looks rather bright, would very much prefer a darker, more mature navy shade :)
@peinan zhi: just change your pledge to the $229 pack of 2 level and add $50 to the total amount.
hi, i really like these jackets so i gave my first pledge to this project and shared this to my friends. so one of my friends asked me to buy him a bomber as well, but could you please help me how could i pledge two bombers and two blankets? looking forward to your response. thanks
what is the outer fabric of bomber? is it weather resistant as well? i hope the fleece is just on the inside. also, does it come in black for women now that the goal has been reached? thanks!
the red bomber jacket looks like a fuchsia or hot pink.  is it actually really red? thanks!
a table of what features are in what kind of jacket would be helpful or are we to assume that it is available for all unless stated like for the detachable hood?
what fabric is the blazer? is it waterproof? thanks guys
i'll be cleaning out my closet when i get the assorted jackets i had a hard time selecting on, they all look promising and worth the price. just some notes for the creator: don't you think the $3m stretch goal seem gender biased? i'd greatly appreciate it if the blanket would be thrown in for free instead for backing this project, and more freebies as we close in on a stretch goal. this may have been answered before, but is the pen going to be easily refillable/replaceable when the ink has run dry?
hi, so i backed the project and selected the early bird 2 (windbreaker or bomber) for $119. i also wanted the blanket for $25 +$20 (shipping) =   $164 pledged my question is, will it be clear that the extra money is for the blanket? i didnt "add the $25" it was part of my first payment. this may seem like a silly question. thanks for taking the time to answer.
@chooi: we are working on getting you guys more pictures.
@han jie: hi han we are working on it and we will have the pictures posted by this weekend.
i keep reading about these stretch goals but i mean seriously we are already surpassing many many projects $$$ funded already what tiers could possibly be left? i am confused.
this rate looks like 2 million in sight! still no free blanket? i mean...
gone for blazer + another. can't decide between bomber or windbreaker, like han jie below, would not mind more photos of various angles of both. even better individual videos of each outfit,
what material is the blanket? and how thick is it? do we use add a note to revise and upgrade the original pledge if we want to add it?
hello! i have backed the project! i am considering between a windbreaker or the bomber. do you have more pictures of the windbreaker please? thank you!
thank you so much @rishaan: yes we do have a thank you reward in store for you all. and many more stretch goals ahead. with real tangible features! you guys will love it!! stay tuned =)
hi @peri: we will be uploading new photos next week and we'll try to have that photo uploaded with the new photos. if you follow the new sizing chart correctly, you shouldn't face any problems. because we are just a startup and offering the products at lower price points on kickstarter, we will not be able to have an option for exchange. so please look out for update #4 and follow the new sizing chart that will be attached with it and you are all set =)
hi @fabien: the new photos will be updated soon. we are working on a more detailed sizing chart and if you follow it then the blazer should fit you just fine.
hi @oliver: our fabric for the sweatshirt is thick enough to make it look normal even when you have the gadgets in it. =)
hi @ruben: you don't have to choose the color and size until september. we will send out a survey then and collect your choices. thanks =)
hi @pei lin hoe: yes we will have small sizes also. we will be updating our new sizing chart tomorrow with update #4. look out for it =)
hi @alexandra: you can simply add $25 to your jacket pledge amount and we'll ship you the blanket as well.
hello baubax, i judged backed you with ordering a sweatshirt and wanted to add the blanket, but that won't work. it's just changing my pledge from one to the other but won't just add it on top.
@creator : congratulations on reaching your new stretch goal and for a new record for highest funds achieved on a clothing campaign. looking forward to more updates on what we can expect from the baubaux teams.
nevermind, duh just saw it lol
what colors are available in sweatshirts?
hi there!  have just backed your project! hopefully you'll have sizes small enough for asian ladies. i'm a uk size 4. all the best!!
hello guys! this is rubén from barcelona. i just pledge for the sweatshirt and i was wondering how do i choose size and color. thanks!
hi, i just pledged for the sweatshirt ( as i will use it mostly in airplanes ). my question: how is the stability / weareability of the sweatshirt when you really use all the pockets and put in telephone+ipad etc. does it still look like a sweatshirt, or doe the weight pull down the fabric? thx!
hi baubax! i'm a backer of your kickstarter (first project i've ever backed, actually). i was wondering if you could add images during the photo shoot you've mentioned in your comment responses of the jacket actually utilizing all 15 pockets at a time. the video shows the possibility and how to use each pocket space, but it's hard to tell that everything is in there at one time. additionally, is there a policy in case our initial size order is incorrect? it's difficult for me to determine jacket size from bust and shirt size along since i have relatively broad shoulders. looking forward to your response!
hello can you make the size table in update #4 eu-sizes friendly ? specifically fr sizes friendly ?  also can you add a lot more photos of the different jackets styles ? lastly, i have booked for the blazer, but i have doubts now and wonder if you accept changes, and if you do what is the latest time to let you know about it ? thanks !
@felipe villarreal: working on those pics felipe. stay tuned! @constance cheung: the blanket should be ideal for flight temperatures and regular travel. we are working on getting you the range for the blanket as well. =)
@fernando suarez: this is from the kickstarter faq questions. q.a project i'm backing just succeeded and my pledge was declined. what do i do? a. if your pledge was declined, just log in to kickstarter and click the “fix payment” button in the banner at the top of your screen. this will guide you through the process of changing your payment method. we'll also send you an email every 48 hours with a direct link to correct the issue. but don't delay: backers have 7 days to resolve payment issues before they're dropped from the project. we'll also automatically retry your pledge at the end of this timeframe. here are things to look into: 1. check that you've entered valid card or account numbers and the correct expiration date. make sure the card hasn't expired. 2. confirm that your billing address and phone number are correct. 3. make sure you haven't exceeded the credit limit on your payment method. if everything checks out, it's possible your bank put a hold on the charge. please contact your bank to authorize the pledge. once you've cleared up any issues with your bank or card, you'll still need to follow the "fix payment" link to retry your pledge.
i just pledge  for the  bomber. i was just wondering  what would happen if i didnt have the money when we get charge. will i just he asked for another card or will the order be cancelled?
is there temperature information for the blanket? similar to the suggested temperatures for each individual jacket?
dear baubax, please give us more photos of the different jackets you are offering....i already pledge for the sweat one but i'm kind of wondering if i should go with the bomber.
thank you @dale morrison. =) we are so happy to receive so much love from around the world! we are going to make the jackets all the more special for you all, by adding some extra features. stay tuned!
well done guys ... featured in mashable http://mashable.com/2015/07/20/travel-jacket/
@friederike kreft hi friederike our team has sent further instructions in a message. sorry about the delay
i'm so excited about these that i just pledged for 4 jackets.  the different features look amazing, but it seems like the material for the hoodies, especially the ones for women, might not stand up to the weight the garments are supposed to carry.  would they be able to handle the weight of an ipad without stretching out?
@ steven williams: thanks steven :) we are excited to deliver these jackets to our backers as well!
i just wanted to say congrats on the kickstarter and i ordered 2 because i am super excited for this.
hi, i want to pledge 2 different packages: 1) combination of 2 jacket for 229 usd with shipment to germany (i already placed that pledge) 2) 1 bomber with shipment to panama --> i want to add this third jacket with different country of shipment, but i don't know how to do it, i only can change my pledge but cannot add... please help! thanks
hello can you make the size table in update #4 eu-sizes friendly ? specifically fr sizes friendly ?  also can you add a lot more photos of the different jackets styles ? lastly, i have booked for the blazer, but i have doubts now and wonder if you accept changes, and if you do what is the latest time to let you know about it ? thanks !
hi @leslie: that's a brilliant idea! let us see if we can arrange for that many models in next couple of weeks. but thanks for the idea, appreciate it =)
hiii @meredith: we have a photo shoot scheduled this week. we'll upload new high resolution photos very soon. we'll let you know through updates :)
hi @carter: you will be glad to know that we ain't like one of those campaigns that you are talking about. reducing the features or the quality that we have promised is out of question. we have strong investors backing us. one of our investors is the former ceo of a fortune 500 company. with such backing we are positioned to launch baubax as a global lifestyle brand. currently, our 5500+ backer are from 40+ countries and we are using kickstarter to launch baubax as a global brand. the backers that we'll earn in this campaign will be our assets for life, and we plan to launch all future baubax products here on kickstarter to offer the early bird prices to our backers, who are our founding family! with this vision, we just cannot fall back on the points that you have raised. hope this answers your question :)
hi @allycia: we wouldn't recommend that :)
is it possible to use an at-home waterproofing treatment on the bomber jacket?
i've backed many ks projects, some of them by the end of the day decreasing either the quality and features. my question is how confidence are you that you will deliver the promise that you mentioned on the ks campaign and not just that but improve and well polished your product at the hands of backers? thank you.
i would very much like to see better photos of the women's blazer.
hi, one thing that may also be helpful for sizing is to have several pics of different size models lisiting their sizes so we can see the fit. thanks again
hello, i have already pledged for 2 blazers for me and my brother. i was just wondering what fabric is the blazers made of?
hi @jose: you don't have to let us know the size, style, and color until september. we will send out a survey in september, to which you can respond and let us know the details then. we are working on a sizing chart which will be attached with update #4.
hi @aloysious:  1. a detailed sizing chart will be attached with update #4 2. it is not possible for us to make custom fit jackets at these nominal prices. consider this transaction as purchasing a jacket online and trust the sizing chart that we'll share with update#4. 3. sorry, we are not offering any warranty or replacement because we will be following a 2-step quality check procedure to ensure no faulty garment is shipped.
hi @carter: thank you for your suggestion on color choices. as a part of update #4 we will be introducing a 3rd color option for men's bomber. and black for women's bomber will be unlocked next week when we cross $1.05mn. we cannot afford to offer the blanket along with our high quality jacket, which comes with 15 features. but we have some thank you rewards to be revealed in the coming weeks. stay tuned! :)
seems like a cool product for a road warrior. how do you choose size, color and type? any size chart?
hi creators, i am a backer for your product. :) i left you an email but i think it would be better to have one here as well, since you are much more responsive here and for the benefit of others. anyway i have a few questions for you, hope that you will look into them: 1. would there be a more detailed sizing chart nearer to the survey date? the sizing chart is very confusing. 2. can we have the sizes customized to our fitting such as sleeve lengths? 3. would there be any form of replacement or warranty due to manufacturing defects since i live on the other side of the planet, in singapore. hope to hear from you soon. thank you and have a nice day!
i agree with the blanket should come with the jacket free of charge. i am in garment business also and i know clearly that the margin is high on this business. also is this jacket "tailor fit" style? and i would love to see if you guys can make more color choices on bomber jacket rather than only 2 choices. say red burgundy or dark navy green?
@leslie cregar: hi leslie, the blanket when folded in its pouch is less than 0.5 inch thick so it would hardly add any bulk. we have messaged you the instructions to add the blanket to your pledge. we are excited to deliver you the sweatshirt as well =) also if you prefer men's style we would suggest you try our the gap sizes.
hi @erin: we are glad that you have expressed your concerns and we'll try our best to address them: 1. we indeed are running on razor sharp margins. anyone who has run a crowdfunding campaign would know that there are many moving parts to it and it costs much more than what a clothing manufacturer could imagine. for example: we are marketing in 40+ countries, and that makes up for just one of the substantial amounts of our costing. there are many such elements. 2. of course yes! again, anyone who has launched a project on kickstarter would know that kickstarter has a strict policy for compliance and they do thorough check before allowing any project to go live. this is exactly what makes kickstarter the most trusted crowdfunding platform in the world.
hey guys i like the idea, it's simple and useful. nice job! however i am really worried about a couple of things before i pledge a larger amount.  1. it seems you guys are adopting really defensive and snarky attitude to honest feedback. it's kind of disappointing to read your replies to some of the comments here. i also think you guys need to be honest and upfront about some things. for example, as a clothing manufacturer myself i don't believe for a second that you guys are working with razor thin margins. come on, we all know margins on clothing are huge! even if you are working with premium fabrics, you guys are probably pocketing around 70 cents on every dollar pledged. even with fixed costs you'll make a h-u-g-e profit. why insist that you are working with tiny margins? that sort of pretense erodes trust. please take this as genuine feedback.  2. are you guys permanent residents or citizens of the us in line with kickstarter project guidelines?
ps i prefer the men's style and wonder if i go to american eagle and try on some men's medium sweatshirts if that'll be about the same size? thanks again
hi. does the blanket fold up flat or does it add a bit of bulk? also can we add it when we do the survey? thanks look forward to getting my sweatshirt and trying it out:)
hi @gary: kickstarter doesn't allow to pledge for more than one reward, but you can add $25 extra to your pledge and get the blanket without extra shipping cost. hope this helps :)
hi @tyler: you shall do as you please!
i imagine the profit margin on the $25 dollar foldable blanket would be quite high vs the jackets/blazer/sweater. sucks that its proprietary/one of a kind. meaning i doubt we could buy a cheaper version thats foldable to fit in that same size of pocket. i'll be looking out for one.
i also have tried to add the blanket as a an additional reward like mentioned in the email but the system does not allow it.  its either the blanket or the jacket not both.
@baubax, thanks for your response. to bad that you will not make this project eu friendly by using a company that will ship your products from within the eu. for me this will add to much "hidden" cost for this project, so i have to cancel my pledge and hope a retailer will sell your product in the future. because your ideas for the traveling jacked are great. also i want to add, i did read that the bomber will be made of shoft shell, so wind blokking and water repelled. why is the rain jacket called windbreaker while the bomber is the wind stopper?
thanks guys. appreciate the prompt response.
@ gaganjeet singh sethi: hi gaganjeet our team will be sending you a message with detailed instructions.
i have tried adding $25 manually for the blanket but i am not being able to do so. my pledge changes everytime i try. can you help me with the steps please.
dear @baubax, thank you for taking on a backer's feedback from a few days ago and replying so promptly to questions now. it's appreciated. in one of your coming updates, may you please also include a video of the blanket actually being folded? right now, i cannot see what the fuss over the blanket is about and cannot justify paying $us25 for a piece of fabric that's been "engineered" to fit into a pocket. could you also include the blanket on the ideal temperature range chart so we can see how warm it could be? thank you.
hi @yuzhen: we are not conversant with the international sizing. but we are in the process of updating our sizing chart, with more specific body measurements, so you can choose your size correctly. :)
hi @rik: all the jackets will be shipped from usa. and because we are not shipping from within eu, you may have to pay a nominal customs duty fee on your purchase.
hiii @saekinomao: we have black bomber for women as a stretch goal #1, which we are confident to cross before wednesday. we'll send out an update soon. but we would recommend to buy your bomber asap as early bird prices #1 are ending today! we don't need to know your choice of style, color and size until september.
@michael b.: unfortunately, we are running on razor sharp margins. our proprietary pocket blanket is engineered to ensure it folds and fits in a small pocket and we just cannot afford to offer it as a stretch goal at any given time of this campaign. and if you think it is just a small piece of fabric - please don't buy it. simple! and our shipping fee in usa, for a single jacket, is $10.
hi, i am a little confused about the sizing. what size would you recommend for female, uk size 8? thank you.
i totally agree with: tyler steele about 13 hours ago i think the blanket should be included for free. i mean your going to hit well over the million mark. make it a stretch goal thanks., especially seeing as you are charging us a $15.00 shipping fee in the us...... it is a small piece of fabric that you want to charge us an additional  $25.00 for and call a blanket.
dear baubax: woman bomber for black color please~~~  :)
hello all and the baubax team, as eu backer i am concerned about extra costs by the eu customs charges. are the jackets send for eu backers from within the eu? or are all jackets send from the us (chicago)? greetings
hi @tommy: excellent idea!! i'll pass it on to our design team. we love our backers who help us improve our products :) thanks
hi @amna: thank you for backing us for a jacket :) the blanket is made up of 40% nylon and 60% synthetic fabric. we are still working on finalizing the blanket fabric as we want to achieve the best temperate range for traveling on flights. we'll update exact details in faqs section by the end of this month.
hi @kavin: we are working on a new sizing chart with sleeve lengths and more details. it will be attached with out next update. apart from the blazer, all other jackets are machine washable. the only 2 items that you need to remove before washing are the pillow and the pen. we promise, both are easily detachable and shouldn't cause any inconvenience. there is no warranty because we are just a startup and offering our products at rock bottom prices here on kickstarter. but we assure you that we envision ourselves becoming a big travel gear brand and would deliver nothing less than best quality products to all our customers! :)
great idea and really looking forward to getting my jackets. if this turns out to be super successful, i hope you guys consider looking into different materials like merino wool for your next revision. for now, i suggest adding various loops in the pockets so we can attach things with carabiners and hooks such as key chains, lip balm, id tags, edc flashlights, etc.
i got a jacket and am considering the blanket.  what is it made of?
hi baubax team! i'm extremely excited about your campaign and look forward to receiving your rewards. a few questions: - i understand the blazer has to be dry-cleaned, but everything else is machine washable. does this include the head pillow, eyemask, microfiber cloth, and zipper pen? - like chris, i was wondering if any warranty is provided for your products, mostly for the head pillow mechanism.  - i don't live in a country with american eagle so it's difficult for me to visualise the sizes. could you add more detailed measurements to your next iteration of the sizing chart? thanks so much!
@chris: our team has responded to you via email. sorry about the delay.
dear baubax llc staff, hello, it looks like you are more responsive here rather than e-mail so i will copy and paste it here.  i had a couple of questions about your products.   1. besides the rain jacket of course, is the other three going to be coated with anything to repel water?    2. is all the materials usa made as well?  i noted that your factory will be in california and i know many people do prefer usa products in my online community.   3. are you going to have a warranty of some type to back up your products and if noted what may it be? lastly, i am uncertain if your passport or card section is rfid protected though suggesting it as long as that doesn't increase the price point for your team to make money of course.  thank you for your time and i am looking forward to review your merchandise on my channel.  —chris
@tyler steele: sorry tyler, unfortunately we are running on razor sharp margins. our proprietary pocket blanket is engineered to ensure it folds and fits in a small pocket and we just cannot afford to offer it as a stretch goal at any given time of this campaign. we hope you understand :)
i think the blanket should be included for free. i mean your going to hit well over the million mark. make it a stretch goal thanks.
hi @sceiler: bomber is made up of soft shell fabric with fleece lining in the inside. the exterior of the soft shell fabric is smooth and designed to slide away snow. it is a breathable fabric and not meant for a rainy day. whereas, the windbreaker is a water repellent fabric which should keep you dry in light rains.
how does the bomber fare against rain compared to the windbreaker?
@choon: currenty the dimension of the blanket when folded is 6 inches x 4 inches. our designers are trying their best to make it more compact. =)
hi @ethan: the windbreaker will have a cotton fabric lining in the inside and will be synthetic outside to work as water repellent.
hi @thomas: in general, the body length of windbreaker in an inch longer than the bomber. the difference between m and mt, is that, mt is a tall medium size which has longer body length and sleeve length than its counter part size m. i hope this helps :)
is the windbreaker 100% nylon/synthetic, or is it lined with a softer material like cotton on the inside? what are the material you use for each jacket??? thanks!
what exactly is the difference between m and mt for the bomber and windbreaker? the sizing chart has exactly the same for both...
what is the dimension of the blanket when it's folded ?
@stephanie: hi, we are working on a new sizing chart and shall upload it very soon. we are trying our best to offer larger and taller sizes for women also :)
please make larger sizes and a greater range of sizes for women!!
hi @vien: no, the fleece lining is a part of the soft shell fabric that the bomber jacket is made up of
@creator...the bomber jacket...is the fleece lining removeable?
do drop us a line in a direct message. it will help us make a note next to your pledge :)
do i need to send a direct message or you guys will remember?
hi @elijah: yes, if you have pledged for at least one jacket, then you can add $50 to your pledge amount, for 2 blankets, and we'll ship them free =)
if i want two blankets should i add $50 and you will send me two blankets?
hi @gabriel: it is difficult to decide the exact shipping date right now. our plan is to start shipping from mid of november
are there any confirmed shipping dates? and if there are what are they?
@ g: with each jacket we will be sending you extra refills as well. :)
sorry if it's been asked and answered before, but are there ways to replace the ink in the zipper pen after it runs out? thanks in advance for your quick replies!
@glindagw: request noted. we are working on it! =)
i am seconding the request for tall sizes for women.  also, please include measurements for women (length, sleeve length, etc).
@ gabriel lloyd: no it doesn't. :(
does it come with a usb powerbank?
backed and excited! will you please include tall sizes for women, not just for men?
@michael b: yes and yes =) it will be able to handle all smartphones.
i just hope the smartphone pocket can handle my note 4 and my girlfriend's iphone 6 plus.
@emil: noted! =) we are working on updating the styling chart soon.
would greatly appreciate if you consider german size 25 for a blazer. it is a size for short people.
@rosyrazly: of course, we are here for our backers! =) please spread the word amongst your friends and family i am sure they will love us as well.
@creator - thanks for the response! i'm looking forward to the finished product and love seeing how responsive/proactive you're being so far
@kathryn and @sameer: the bomber jacket is made up of soft shell polyester fabric with fleece lining inside and is not water-proof. :( sorry since we are just a startup returns would not be possible at such discounted rates. but rest assured our backers mean everything to us and we want to deliver them our best!!! =)
i kind of want to expand on kathryn's question and was wondering if the bombers would also be water proof?
hi baubax! several questions. what material are the bombers and blazers made out of? with the bombers you mentioned "fleece-lined," but what fabric is the rest of the jacket? also, is there a return policy in place for backers if they are unsatisfied with their product? thanks! looking forward to this product.
hi william: sorry for the confusion and thank you for the suggestion of explicitly mentioning, we will do that later today. you may want to check the blanket feature on the campaign page. it does explain well currently. we are running on razor sharp margins and the jackets are very reasonably priced, given the quality and features that we have promised. so it will not be possible for us to offer the blanket along with the jacket. also to let you know, after we sent out update #2, earlier this week, a majority of our backers added $25 to their pledge for the blanket. we hope you do that as well. :)
it seems odd that the blanket price says "$25 and up" gets a blanket, but when you purchase one or two jackets, well above the "$25 and up" price, the blanket does not come with it.  also, it does not say anywhere after the "$25 and up" gets a jacket that the jackets do not come with the blanket. for full disclosure, you should change the wording for all jacket purchases to state specifically that the pledge for a jacket does not come with a blanket unless you add additional funding over the pledge price. and for those of us who have already purchased, i believe you should give us a blanket with every jacket since we have paid above the "$25 and up" price required to get a blanket.
thank you so much @toni:  1. yes, when the surveys will be sent, you could choose which gender style you want. 2. regarding how to add pledge - my colleagues who are handling the incoming messages, will be able to help you better. could you please send a directly "ask them a question" from the bottom of the campaign page. sorry if i couldn't be of much help. tc.
i've looked through a bunch of comments and i'm sure someone is already asked but i haven't been able to find it, so i'm sorry in advance.. is there a way to add to your pledge to get the sweatshirt and a bomber? i think i might want both!! also, when the campaign is finished and you send out the surveys for sizes, colors and such, will we be able to choose which gendered style? i know the american eagle women's sizes won't fit me but i'm almost sure that the large men's sizes will be perfect. i don't mind either, i tend to wear a lot of men's sweaters because they have more pockets and come in more neutral colors without anything flashy, i was just wondering. coolest jacket ever guys, it will be so perfect for my travel plans!!
hi @stephanie: the jackets don't come with the pocket blanket. to buy the blanket, please add $25 to your pledge amount. we are in the process of updating our women's size charts, and be rest assure that all us sizes will be offered :)
why do mens sizes go up really high and womens do not? will you make larger womens sizes? id like to get another jacket for a friend but i want to get her a female version. so far its looking like shes going to be stuck with the mens size =(
do the jackets come with the blanket? or do you have to buy them as an add on?
can you add more detailed sizing for women's (ie. sleeve length, shoulder to shoulder, back body length from center)? i'my not able to go to an american eagle store to try on their clothes. the detailed sizing will help me make a more informed decision later for the 2 items i am getting.
it is a great jacket i even seen and i am really feeling my using one is lack of these. see the video, is that meaning the jacket works great through the x-ray machine even there is multiple utilities in pockets, including a tab or a notebook (if ms surface is fit that size) add a phone, some keys, wallet, coins, passport, and anything else? the staff can check them smoothly without overlapping? and, can i refill the zipper pen?
@ michelle levine: :) we want to be as responsive as we can. our sizing for women's sweatshirt will be the round about the same as american eagle even in terms of length.  hope this will give you a better estimate.
it does seem as though you are hearing us - and that is appreciated. can you tell us the length of the improved hoodie (sweatshirt) for women in the new sizing? if it's as long as the men's and the fabric just as thick, i think i would rather the women's hoodie. thanks again!
@ rosyrazly: yes the fabrics will be pre-treated to avoid any problems later. :)
i asked this and the don't think it's been answered - is the sweatshirt material going to be pre-shrunk before being sewn? zippers tend to bunch after the first washing if it isn't and it can't really be fixed once that happens.
looks really cool! is the windbreaker 100% nylon/synthetic, or is it lined with a softer material like cotton on the inside? from the pictures it looks like probably 100% nylon, but i figured it was worth double checking. i like the idea of wearing something waterproof, however i find that unlined windbreakers tend to be a little uncomfortable for me, so i'm still making up my mind.
it's tough to find responses from days ago... 1. please make the passport pocket rfid secure. 2. when you ask blazer questions please understand that i'm sure many others here in usa wanted one but they are just way too small. i'd guess that many in asia want slimmer sizes while many here want xxxl at least, even at a higher price. and yes, i've suggested those larger sizes to scott too.
@dharma, poudel: do not be disappointed, we have something better to offer that will make everyone smile! =) stay tuned!
you guys should really provide blanket as stretch goal. this is the only thing that disappoints me till now. everything else is great.
@ mike kopack: yep we did. we have an amazing line of investors backing us for this project which will make sure everything goes as planned. :)
@ richard pryor: good suggestion richard. rest assured our design team is making sure it will be in place using an innovative solution =)
@ richard pryor: ah that is a great idea. noted!  thank you.
@ constance cheung: it should be round about 0.03 inches thick.
how thick is the blanket unfolded vs. folded in the bag?
also a sewn-in loop within some of the pockets to click/secure the likes of keys etc? just trying to help what already appears an awesome product!
it's just a thought but have you considered a flexible wire in the hood/blindfold to help secure in place and increase usability? might have to be removable.
@creator- you did factor in that you won't get the funds from kickstarter for like 30 days after end of campaign, right? just wanted to be sure.
@amy: our sweatshirts are sized right around the same as american eagle. this should give you a frame of reference. hope this helps. =)
is there a waist measurement for the ladies xxl sweatshirt?
@dorian: nobody can attribute pockets to any one brand. there are thousands of jacket brands (with several pockets) out there and nobody is feeling as insecure :) our highlight feature is jacket with a neck pillow (with innovative valve technology) that inflates in only 2 seconds - name a brand that beats that! we are amazed that you are amazed. and we promise you'll be more amazed, in the coming days! team baubax.
i don't get it...you use a bunch of scottevest ideas and then add a neck pillow like samonsite did with their travel line 15 years ago (http://www.nytimes.com/2000/01/18/style/front-row-samsonite-neil-barrett-has-found-niche-designing-travel-wear-such.html) and you believe this is innovative? i'm amazed
wow, @jon w: that is such an amazing idea!! we would love to take up this challenge, research and build such a blazer for our future line of products. we are receiving such great ideas from our fans! we tip of our hat; keep them coming! this will ensure we have a great product portfolio from early 2016.
if there's any way for the blazer to use fabric that's able to be run through the wash, that would be a huge improvement. a quick-drying blazer that you could wash in a hotel sink with a little woolite and then hang up to dry, would make this product worth its weight in gold to many business travelers! would you consider producing a second variety of blazer made with washable fabric, even if the result is a blazer that isn't 100% convincing as business wear?
@kado48: thank you so much for a future product idea. we love our backers for coming up with such awesome ideas, which we can translate into stretch goals and/or future products. keep them coming! :)
hello @scott jordan: we hereby confirm and assure you that our earphone holders do not infringe upon the scottevest wiring system. we must mention that scottevest wiring system is very well engineered and is a master piece. we respect that and would never infirnge it. please relax and trust us!! regarding the production time: we never mentioned 1 month! we have mentioned that our suppliers and manufactuerers have the ability to finish production in 60days. the trick here is, we are going to divide the job load. we will be having 4 different manufacturers for the 4 different styles, so each style has 60days of production. all 4 of our manufacturing partners are oems of some of the world's top apparel brands. and if the volumes increase in the next 7weeks, we'll divide the work load in 8 factories - 4 for men styles  and 4 for women styles. a single style for men/women will never be given to more than one factory to ensure consistency of sizing. hope this helps @scott!
hello @samantha: we will be shipping each baubax jacket with a couple of extra ink refills. after you have used those extras, you would have an option to buy more from baubax website. :)
hi @jonika: we are announcing a small, but a cool new feature today as a thank you reward to all our backers. and there are many such cool additional features that we intend to add in the coming weeks.
hi @jon: it was difficult for us to offer all the sizes and colors from day-1 as we needed a substantial amount of volume commitment to ensure we could deliver the original rewards at the prices mentioned. for example: the navy blazer might sound like just a color addition at $3million but it was justified to be launched at that price because the blazer fabric is the most expensive to procure and the higher volumes are needed to maintain consistent costing. that said, as mentioned on our earlier posts, our creative team is working on a special thank you feature which will be uploaded in next few hours. and we have 7 more weeks to prove to you and all our backers that you will indeed get a great bang for your buck by backing this campaign. trust us, there are many more features coming your way. :)
please confirm if your headphone wiring system infringes upon our patent, http://www.scottevest.com/htmlemail/patent/sev_patent.html, and explain how you intend to produce clothing within 1 month per your timeline. that is impossible.
great idea!   i am a female sales executive that takes a few flights every week.  i love this idea, but wearability for me will come down to a couple of things.  high quality fabrics with a great weight and fit to them. high end look/feel - even on the sweatshirt.  i was uncertain what to order from the choices to wear with business clothes in planes.  glad you offer the blazer, but the detachable nature of the hood (with my travel schedule i am sure i would leave it somewhere within six months).  also, frankly it isn't easy for women to buy a work type blazer without trying it on.  much easier for men.   i will probably end up with a bomber and sweatshirt (which is going to be strange with my business clothes but i am still excited for them.  that said, for future, i think a loose mid-length sweater/coat with hood would be ideal for professional women.  it is much easier to buy the right size and obtain a good fit and it can be dressed up or down. it may be possible to even make it out of similar material as the sweatshirt, just dressed up.  would love to see something like this.  thanks!
this is a really fantastic idea, but i have to express my disappointment in the fact that you have set your stretch goals so remarkably high without rewarding your original backers. you are already 2900% over your original goal and will not reward your backers until its over 4900%? that is pretty shady, and very disappointing.
is there any way to add the blanket on after this campaign? and will it cover a whole body?
think it's pretty weak you're setting the stretch goals so high when you're original funding goal was $20,000. comes off as a tremendously greedy cash grab for a few new sizes and colors, which honestly should be available from the start to cover all market segments and ensure everyone contributing will receive the garment that's functionally and fashionably in line with what they want.
considering the pen will have less than an inch worth of space to store ink, are there any ways to buy refill ink?
thanks ! nicholas i pledged $ 25 manually.
@atin lohia, just click manage your pledge and manually add on 25 extra dollars
i want both please suggest a fast way
or either for the blanket only
i am not getting the option to add $25 to my pledge. whenever i am pledging directly from the manage the pledge my bomber is getting cancelled and pledged goes for only a jacket.
@baubax thanks for the reply, i was worried about weight distribution and didn't want to have to be a factor to consider when i wore the jacket and am glad that you guys thought this out. have pledged for 2 for my girlfriend and myself and look forward to trying it out when i travel.
hi @atin: just add an extra $25 to your pledge amount and we'll take it from there.
i have already pledged a bomber jacket. kindly suggest a way to pledge for blanket. i am not getting any contact details at the bottom of the campaign page.
hi @allister ho: thats a great idea!! a jacket for warm weather - noted! we love you all our backers for suggesting us such wonderful ideas which may translate into future stretch goals and/or future products after the campaign. @allister ho: thanks for the idea. we may launch this in the future, but we can't offer it as a part of this campaign, because at baubax each and every prototype design cycle takes close to 2 months.
hi @aj hushen: no, the baubax jackets can't be compressed into its own pocket.
would it be possible to make another piece similar to bomber (casual wear) but for a higher temperature range? i'm from hong kong and generally during summer the weather is quite hot, however i would like the ability to have the hidden pillow etc when traveling (mainly will be used on the plane or in air conditioned areas). i've pledged for the blazer which are more suitable for the climates here, but if there was a more casual style (other than the windbreaker) for warmer climates that would be great.
how small are the jackets compressed?  can they compress into its own pocket?
hi @h.t., i suggest you send a direct message from the bottom of the campaign page. the team handling messages will be able to note this request.
dear creator,  i have just add 50 dollars on top of my pledges,  i.e.  pledge + shipping + blanket + blanket  =208 + 25 + 25 + 25  =283 please make sure you have that right when you make the shipment, or what else do i have to do to make it right?
hi @nicholas: so sorry we missed your comment earlier. the weight management will be absolutely perfect. the jacket fabric will be layered, to reduce the stretching and hence it wont look awkward if you are carrying only one gadget on one side and nothing on the other. hope this helps.
hi @arto: hope you are well today! :) the protoype blanket material has over 40% nylon and other 60% we can't disclose just yet, as we are enhancing the product for a wide temperature range. same is the reason for being unable to reveal the exact weight. given that it is a synthetic fabric, you should expect the weight to be much lighter than the weight of your wallet (just for comparison). hope this helps.
@dorian: enough is enough - now that this post has come on our comments page, we have to speak up. baubax jackets are designed by it's highly skilled and talented design team. by accusing us of taking people's money illegally, you are insulting our team and our fans here on kickstarter, and questioning our integrity! our founders are highly educated, have earned their degrees from some of the world's best schools and know how to respect intellectual property (ip). we would never design a product which violates anyone’s ip. we have had our attorneys at work and they have checked the scottevest and many other travel jacket designs, and we are confident that we have not violated any patents. and come on, having 20+ pockets is not rocket science, it’s common sense. good luck to scottevest, if that is their only value proposition. even we could have easily offered 20+ pockets, but we didn’t see value in it, or rather our value proposition is different - which is the reason for our success! we have received messages and blessings from so many of our backers (from 40+ countries) that they just loved our idea and the effort. if you cannot respect us, it’s ok, at least don’t disrespect our design team and our dear backers whom we consider our founding family! here are the features that we offer and scottevest jackets don’t: built-in neck pillow:  we are the designers of the innovative valve technology that inflates a neck pillow in only 2 seconds, and deflates with a press of a button. built-in eye mask zipper with a pen and stylus built-in gloves blanket that folds and fits inside a very small pocket, and many more features. @dorian: such posts like yours are only going to encourage us to innovate faster and surpass the competition before they even decide a new course of action to catchup. thank you for such criticism, it motivates us to work harder, and rise higher and faster! team baubax
@baubax llc, asked this earlier but i'm hoping for a response this time. i got a question about weight distribution in the jacket. will the jacket sit awkwardly on you if you put some gadgets only on one side of the jacket?
about the blanket: what is the material and weight?
no offence to anyone here. but i had a really really bad experience with scottevest last year, and i swear to myself i will never ever buy anything from them!!!!!! big nose, never take good care of their customer!!!!!
you seem to be violating multiple scottevest patents. how can you justify taking people's money illegally?
thank you @odon: we are planning to announce an extra feature (to cover up for the stretch goals), which we are sure you all would love. regarding the blanket: it is our proprietary, engineered design to ensure it folds and fits in a small pocket and we just cannot afford to offer it as a stretch goal at any given time of this campaign. we hope you understand :)
almost 600k... congrats. only disappointment  i guess as of right now are the stretch goals. i know they are extras and it's up to creators to offer and voluntary, but stretch goal #1 doesn't benefit men, stretch goal #2 doesn't benefit short people, and #3 only benefits those interested in the blazer.... now including the blanket as part of the deal as one of the stretch goal would be pretty sweet and help spread the word faster.  just an opinion, regardless great job looking forward to rocking the bomber.
hi @atin: i suggest you send a direct message to us from the bottom of the campaign page. the team handling messages will be able to guide you better.
hi @scott: except the blazer, you can machine wash all other styles. we'll update the drying method and details in the faqs. blazer requires dry cleaning.
just wondering, will any of these jackets be able to be put in washer/dryer??
i am not able to $25 for blanket with my existing pledge. please guide the way.
@dawn: hi, the bomber and sweatshirt are both recommended for casual wear. it's a personal choice, and depends on how would you like to carry yourself.
good day. i'm from singapore. will the bomber be uncomfortable for a casual wear to head out?
hi @h.t. sorry we missed your message earlier. the black stripes are not leather or pvc material, they are made up of black polyester material. hope this helps :)
@doug: we will definitely have tall sizes. the blanket is our proprietary heavily engineered design to ensure it folds and fits in a pocket and we just cannot afford to offer it as a stretch goal at any given level of this campaign. we hope you understand :)
will be choked if there's no tall sizes. show me the stretch goal where the blanket is tossed in every jacket � let's get backers
hi creator, could you pls reply me the following? "i realize that there are some "black straps" on the bomber, looks like leather or pu leather to me. please don't do that, because it will wear out quickly after several times of machine wash. other material for straps is preferred. thks!"
thanks @alan. yes, we are working to update the sizing charts this week.
hey love the concept, looks great and can't wait.  however i am pretty slim and have always worn xs in sizing.  i think there are a bunch of people that are also in this category.  would you be able  to produce it in that size?
thank you @brandon :) @chris: if you have ordered a pack of 2 then there is only one shipping charge. but, if you have ordered the 2 jackets through two different pledges then the kickstarter interface will require you to pay for shipping twice, which we wouldn't like you to go through. hence, we would suggest that you pledge for a pack of two instead, if you haven't. hope this help.
or ya know chris, the could be busy and not checking this every minute.  but i would guess that you are correct in this unless they can't be shipped together, which would suck.
just ignore me...
@baubax - just backed for two..going to the same address, i probably only need to add shipping once correct?
actually it is my first pledge and i will be happy to receive the blazer. thank you for your ideas.
hi @david: thank you for answering @lois' question.  the plane on the temperature chart shows the ideal temperature range on an airplane at any given time. the temperature range of each jacket implies the weather in which you could wear the jacket. hope this helps.
@sarah: hi sarah, we have received mixed reviews for the new sizing chart and are in the process of uploading a final one. it make take a couple of days as we might send out a poll; if we decide not to send out a poll, then you will see an update tomorrow.
hi @man chan: sorry, we don't have early bird prices for pack of 4, because the price for that is discounted already.
hi @ella: we are based out of chicago but we may not have our warehouse in chicago, but somewhere else in illinois. do send us a message close to the shipping date and we will let you know if that is possible.
@ton ngo ok: if you have pledged $208 in early birds then yes it qualifies for the style, size and color you mentioned. we won't need the details from you until september.
@cinthia: that is correct
@angie: we hear you and understand totally! your wish is our command :) we are planning to unlock an extra feature today to celebrate our success of crossing $0.5mn in 1 week. we promise it will be much more than just adding color choices. stay tuned :)
i've never seen any campaign set their stretch goal at >$1million. your initial goal was $20k. you're at half a million now! why not reward your existing customers with stretch rewards (or at least lower ones) instead of asking them to bring in 100% more customers? it doesn't make your backers feel appreciated at all. it leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
if i pledged for two jackets then i assume to get two blankets i should add $50 to my pledge. is that right?
am i missing something or did the womens size chart get significantly smaller? i sweat it went up to a 22/24 when i signed up. i'm totally bummed if so, because i'm not going to spend this much on something that really doesn't fit (the mens version, with arms to my knees).
i'm living in viet nam and choosed "$208 reward - early birds". so, i will have two bomber jackets ( one for women, one for men, all of them are s size and blue color), right ?
i live in chicago--is that where the jackets will be shipping from? and if so, would it be possible to come pick mine up in person rather than it having to be shipped across town?
@david, i feel like the bomber would be the best choice if you are choosing between the two. if you add a regular hoodie or long sleeved tshirt underneath it would make for a good coat, i imagine. that's what i currently do for my "bomber style" coat. it leaves you with more choices.
@david with the exception of the "plane" chart, i expect the temp graphs are to show the temperature range they think the sweater/jackets work best in, similar to how sleeping bags have recommended temp ranges for use. everyone feels temp differently so i doubt they'd try to quantify how hot or cold you'd feel in the jacket.
i'm confused by the ideal temp graphic - are those the temperatures the jackets should be worn in or that they reach? for instance, would i be warmer in the bomber or the sweatshirt?
just wondering if any possible to provide early bird "pack of 4 sweatshirt" i guess sweatshirt will be most popular.
@heather: you are welcome :) @matthew: sorry, it is unlikely that we'd have that. in case we decide to add new early bird rewards, we'll send out an update to all.
just wondering if there will be an early bird - pack of 3 without the option of a blazer.
thanks for the stretch goal that will bring in a black bomber option for the ladies!
@kenny: true that! :)
@david: thanks david. in the old chart we had an option of xs - 36, s - 38 and so on.. we think 3 quick replies echoes a lot. we'll update the new blazer sizes soon.
thanks for the reply guys! i understand that the sizing has changed to match other brands, but i personally backed because you weren't doing the same thing as all these other brands. i have a suit already and they don't usually come with hoods that turn into pillows or gloves, haha! so something different was always welcome and would only be a win/win for everyone.
@allister: sure, the product is for you all, the customers. if you wish for slim fit sizes, we'll definitely move back the blazer sizes as per the old chart.
i agree with kenny on the blazer sizing. i've already pledged for the blazer but now the small will be much too large. perhaps you could re-introduce an xs size. to start at 41" chest will mean that many people will miss out. i also like the idea of a slim fit :-).  i'm not cancelling my pledge yet as i'm sure you guys will come up with a solution :-)
thanks to kenny i also just realized that the blazer will be too big for me. if smaller sizes are not available i will have to remove my pledge. if possible please make sizes that would cater for small builds (typically asians)
@kenny: we may do a poll by sending out messages to the blazer buyers and ask them if they would prefer slim fit or regular sizing. we are open to feedback. let us know.
@ofer: yes, thats correct. project ends after 7 weeks.
so it will be before the project ends? so we will be able to switch?
@ofer: we'll be uploading more photos in next 2 weeks.
@kenny: size s was 38 in the earlier chart, and those were slim fit sizes. we received several messages requesting standard suit sizes and hence we considered the change in sizes. and we have followed the sizing used by some of the popular suit brands out there.
is there anyway to see more picture of the bomber and the blazer?
sorry, my mistake, the blazer s has gone from chest size around 36... to 41!!! 4 inches! that's massive! as a guy with a metabolism faster than usain bolt, the chances of me gaining 4 inches on my body as quickly as the sizes changed on this campaign are slim (or not slim in this case) to none! guys, please try to stick to the original sizing!
yeah, as lois suggested, i'm not trying to be overly negative or "jinx" you guys, what i was offering was feedback and concerns... i don't think it would be helpful to anyone to refrain from offering that and just singing praises... obviously i am positive about the project too, or else i wouldn't have pledged, but want you guys to address important concerns when they're brought up, too :) i notice this update didn't actually cover much, so hopefully the next will. but i do have to ask what happened with the sizing of the blazers? i'd say this is the most disappointing thing for me, as the main draw to this project was that the blazers were being offered in a small size not many others do. now, the smallest size went from something like 35/36 inches for the chest to 38/39. that's quite a disparity there and would strike me out for this one as the jacket has gone from something that i could wear to something that would never fit. ever. again, hugely disappointing as you had a kind of usp there in having a range of sizes others don't in addition to the features and all that. really hope you bring it back, because i'm sure i'm not the only one who looked at the sizing chart, decided this is a product for me and only now found out i have to put on weight before november or pull back the pledge... on the note of stretch goals, since it's to get people sharing and encouraging to pledge, maybe make throw a few in that are more desirable to everyone? i can imagine something like including a free blanket or more features would work better for you than adding tall sizes or whatnot, as that's hugely specific. the first stretch goal isn't relevant to most men, the second disregards most women and the last is mostly irrelevant to those who didn't want the blazer. stretch goals that most of your backers want and would stretch for would be the best thing for you here, like the better features and prices you mentioned - but without elaborating :)
hi @ashley: you are right, the can used in the video was a mini cola can. the actual pocket size will be big enough to hold a normal size cola/beer can or a bottle of beer pint.
how big is the pocket for a can of drink ?? it looks small ?? and could only fit the slim size cans of coke...is this correct ??
@ yong hu: yes, we'll ask that question in the survey that we'll send out in september.
i added 26 to my pledge for the blanket, how will you guys know that i added it specifically for the blanket and not just for the project? will there be a survey at the end and that you have a system to check if someone has added that specific amount?
hi @mohammad: yes, the blanket is an add-on. since day-1 of the launch our blanket pocket paragraph read:- a pocket to carry the proprietary baubax blanket that'll keep you warm and cozy when you're traveling.
hi just wondering, in your latest update stated that add $26 and get pocket blanket as an add on. does this mean that it's not already available in your jackets ?
@lois - noted! appreciate your advice :)
@creator your response to @kenny's comment sounds like you're just trying to avoid any mention of delays, and i think that's the wrong way to go. i'm not saying that you will be delayed or that you should be saying anything of the sort, but you should address why some requests aren’t feasible right now, or how certain requests would cause a delay. i’ve realized during my time on kickstarter that an incredibly large population of kickstarter users don’t understand the nuances of cost, schedule, and production for a consumer product where profit margins are small. also, as @kenny mentioned, more frequent responses to questions/comments that say more than "wait for our update" would be highly appreciated by all. you would not get as many repeating questions/comments, and even so, kickstarter backers are good about directing others into older comments so they get the answers they are looking for. it helps give assurance to your current and potential backers, and the number of questions/comments wind down once you’ve addressed the first major issues people have with the campaign as it was when it first launched. still waiting on that update. thanks.
to h.t.:s comment: and those straps are ugly. that was the reason why i didn´t also go for bomber. remove straps and you have more of my money. question about the drink holder? was is the size of it? in pictures is looks like small can (0,25 l), but will it fit larger (0,33 l cans/bottles)?
i realize that there are some "black straps" on the bomber, looks like leather or pu leather to me. please don't do that, because it will wear out quickly after several times of machine wash. other material for straps is preferred. thks!
sweatshirt and blazer for me - totally psyched to support your product!  can't wait!
sweatshirt for me. awesome idea for pocketholic like me. waiting for the update 2...
quick question i want to get a sweatshirt and bomber for me and my husband.  is it okay if i double the pledge?
hello! when you change things on the main campaign page, could you mention that in the updates page?  your campaign page is quite long and a concise update message in the updates page would help people who've contributed see exactly what's changed without having to hunt.
i fly out mid december from australia to south america.  please,  beyond all stretch goals,  don't delay the project otherwise,  looks great
took up one of your blazers and can't allready wait to use it for my travells^^ warm greetings from germany and keep up the great work!
in for one blazer, i love the idea of this jacket.
@ michael b.: hi michael, we shall declare it in our updates today. stay tuned. =)
can you please tell us, what if any your intentions are regarding stretch goals. thanks
@kenny - we appreciate your suggestions and will definitely consider it. we envision baubax to build a strong and positive community here, on ks, and would appreciate if we don't talk about delays or anything negative and invite jinx. please understand, it's just been 6 days since launch! and you guessed it right, we are working on a very detailed update #2, which will be sent today, july 14th. look out for that! best, team baubax
all these changes and requests are why i fear there will almost certainly be delays. given the time frame they have, they either won't be able to make any changes and if they do, i'm pretty sure it'll be impossible to do so and deliver in november. baubax crew, speaking of delays... i appreciate that you're trying to make your next update a good one that covers most questions and all... but i feel you could have done that on the fly as people here asked them. the longer you take to actually reply to people, the more questions will build up and the longer people have to go without answers and just periods of silence and then waiting for an update that doesn't come when it's supposed to. i think it would be better for you guys to engage frequently with backers in the comments section and reply to them and their questions, rather than try and cover them all at once over a long period of time. ... or maybe do both and try to get back to them whilst building a bigger update! it doesn't take long and won't detract from anything :)
the fingertipped gloves are a great idea! perhaps iphone friendly as well?
loving this concept!! i am also wanting to request a black bomber jacket for the women! would be so versatile! a complimentary blanket for the early birds would be amazing!
i'd also like to request the bomber in black for women.  thanks!
creators  can we plan for some interesting stretch goals. as we have already got 20x funding . free worldwide shipping &  complimentary blanket for early bird backers should be considered. also, request you to give us a schedule for updates( update every friday of the week)  to avoid a situation where backers post negative comments for no response, not realizing that you would be busy with planning the fulfillment & logistics
could you please provide further sizing details?  the measurements on your chart make no sense in regards to standard industry sizing.  is this the measurement of the garment lain flat, seam to seam while closed, or is this the expected measurement of the person wearing it?  also: could you include arm diameter measurements?
can you let us know what the fabric material is for each of the jackets? it just says cotton for sweater?
another vote for the ladies bomber in black!
please add black for the ladies bomber jacket! and also a blanket as an add-on as others suggested.
like many of the ladies, i too want a black bomber option! and is there a way to add on a "finger cover" portion to the gloves? my finger tips tend to be the part of my hands that get cold and fingerless gloves tend to lead to sweaty palms and cold fingers...
are there any plans to make the women's bomber in black?  my wife wants a bomber but isn't feeling the colors.
g'day, i just wanted to say how great the concept is, and how i would love to be able to grab a blanket too! :) thanks :)
what a great idea!!!! so excited - know my husband will be super excited for his as much as i am. good luck!!! ps. i agree with others about the blanket add on. thanks again!
hi, could you give us the arm length and the height of the jackets too? i have quite long arms and i am wondering how it will fit. thank you.
bomber jacket in black for girls please!
just wondering, are the jackets heavy/bulky? i am keen on getting them in the bomber style :)
great campaign, i'd like to ask about weight distribution when the gadgets are in the respective pockets. say if i stuck only a tablet into my jacket, would it cause the jacket to shift and wear awkwardly?
i would love the add blanket option as well.  i've already pledged for the bomber and would love to add-on a blanket.
i agree with what the last guy said, adding an option to fund one of the packages that comes with the blanket would be good....or a discount on it when you guys go to ship, as an "add-on" when it comes time to pick colors and styles...going to the philippines at the end of the year and i couldn't wait to fund this jacket when i saw the video
to creator, you should add an add-on where you can get the blanket with the jacket package too.
@yonh hu, from what i understand, the main differennce is in the fabric type and maybe look. windbreaker = water repellent, sweatshirt has casual look and same fabric as usual sweatshirt (i guess x% wool), bomber = i think this look like more casual working style jacket (not sure about fabric), and blazer is very similar to jacket suit. please correct me if i'm wrong. for me, i'm still deciding between bomber and windbreaker. better look (bomber) or better versatility (windbreaker).
hello everyone, we have received a lot of questions and, as promised in our update#1, we are working to get all your questions answered with new infographics and faqs, which will be updated in next 24 hours. in the mean while, we suggest you pledge and book your jackets now, before the early bird #1 quantities get exhausted. in case you didn't know - we don't need to know your address, choice of jacket, color and size before september. so go ahead and pledge, and look out for the updated page tomorrow.
i don't think anyone's made this suggestion, but i'm wondering if you could include a little "hood" to the gloves that can be pulled over your fingers. kind of like those cut-off glove/mitten combinations. my fingertips usually get cold and fingerless gloves don't help much.
i will ask here since the project creator doesnt seem active with messages can anyone kindly explain what the different jackets are for? (windbreaker, sweatshirt, bomber and blazer)
would love it if you could add the blanket as an available add-on to purchase when you send out the size/color surverys after funding.  i've done this for other kickstarter projects to get little extras. saves on postage.
could the blanket, if it's not included, be a stretch goal?  say yes, please.
i second andrea's comment about black bombers for women!
i would also love the bomber to be available in black for women.
bomber in black for women please!
any chance the women's bomber could also be available in black?
this looks great! can't wait for my blazer. quick question though - is there no early bird for buying two blazers?
i've never pledged to a kickstarter project before, but i couldn't say no to this one.  keeping my fingers crossed that you're able to meet the november 15 ship date, as i pledged for one of the two items mix/match bundles in order to outfit my husband and i for a long trip in march 2016.  great idea, can't wait to receive them!
is the blanket included?
what does the lining of the windbreaker look/feel like? is it the same waterproof material or is it lined with a softer fabric?
add on blanket option pls
i would like to add a blanket. how do i do this? i have pledged but am hoping for some more photos like others.
reminds me of the scottevest how does the baubax compare to the scottevest in terms of weight management (distribution of the added weight from devices).
oh, and add me to the make a blanket an add on. it's like you designed everything to carry it but don't want folks to get it too.
i sure wish that there was an option for a blazer to fit a xxxl person. quite a bit more than 40 or 41" waist.
@creator  have you tested the durability of the neck pillow? can we replace it if it stops working after some time.
just want to confirm it is available in a 3xl?
very excited for this project, but i've got to echo previous commenters in requesting standalone photos and more details of the blazer fabric. also, navy blue would be a lovely option for it. good luck, and please be realistic about timing and delays and be open and honest with communicating if delays occur.
can you please share the sleeve and overall lengths of the blazers? would love to get one in addition to the bomber but i'm not sure about the size.  thanks!
i have pledged for 2 blazers (for my wife and i). any change you send it via an european country? because of the custom fees.
@creator... could you add more quantity in the combo options... i missed the opportunity...these things are moving like hot cakes... congrats.
i'd love it if you offered the bomber jacket for men in a white color, or at least red.
i pledged the sweatshirt, and i agree with other comments that the lady style looks too short, and the texture of the pink one looks very thin, is it a different or same fabric as the men one? will you consider to amend the design longer like the men style? or could you make a xs or xxs size of men style, so that 5'4" lady could wear? thank you!
hi :) i'm a hoodie collector and fanatic. i'd be interested if you are in need of testing it. i also pledged for a hoodie :) - looking forward to this and thanks a lot for this awesome idea!
pledged - my first kickstarter project! -- for a blazer. it looks perfect for looking good while travelling light!  please add navy blue option, and sizing info.
i have a couple questions,  will the bomber jacket be waterproof, and will the pen be refillable.  anyways this is an awesome jacket!
i'm really hopeful about this project, but don't you think your shipping date is a bit off the mark? campaign ends in september... you won't get the funds until quite a bit after... you won't be able to make a po to your manufacturers or know the quantities of the different products and the colours amongst all that to make an order. and then we've got mills and factories needing time to get started, quality control and needing to revise things, getting materials from suppliers, sorting our customs, duty, shipping... you can't really get started on all of this properly until you've got the funds and the surveys from your backers... and i'm not sure if you really can get all this done within a month. i've yet to back a fashion project on kickstarter that hasn't been delayed by months and they've mostly all had a generous gap between being funded and delivering the product... and a lot of the time they don't have to worry too much with such a large amount of product and backers over their estimate and goal (which is also great and well done to you guys!) honestly speaking, just how realistic is this shipping date and what is your plan to meet it all these things considered? i can see a lot of delays coming and don't mind too much as i'd rather you guys take the time to make the best product possible, but was just curious all the same... and would love to get it asap! would also like more detail on the fabric of the blazer other than it being wrinkle resistant, what the size is compressed,  whether there's a place to store the removable hood on the blazer and some better photos of the jackets on their own, and not taken from the video :) particularly of the blazer, since i think we'd all like to see how well it would hold up off a plane and in other settings! the photos up now are alright, but a bit too busy and would be nice to get some that focus on the look, rather than all action packed and of the features. great work guys, haven't been this excited for a project in a while! :)
@carla - we are glad you loved our jackets. all 15 features are available in all 4 styles. given the softness and texture of the sweatshirt and windbreaker, they may not have an ideal external look when you are carrying an ipad inside. the bomber and blazer have thick fabric and would be your best bet if you'll be using the ipad pocket a lot.
what does this look like compressed?  i normally only wear a jacket on the plane and remove it when i exit the airport.  how small can it get?  i currently use a mountain hardwear jacket that stores in it's own pocket.
great design.  i love the video, which seems to focus on the bomber jacket the most as far as the functionality.  i'd like to know which features each style has, a comparison so to speak.  i want to make sure i'm choosing the best one for my needs and would hate to assume the same 15 features are included in all of them and they aren't.  as @jonathan mentioned, an ipad seems a bit heavy for a sweatshirt to hold.  is that feature included with the sweatshirt or only on the bomber?  i didn't see any other model with a different style utilize the ipad pocket.
how well do you think the sweatshirt will hold for heavier objects like an ipad? will it sag or change the shape of the pockets/outlook of the sweatshirt? thanks!
pledged! but i also would love to see the women's bomber in black!
are you guys currently in sf? i am located in the bay area, would be great if you guys have something we can try fitting. thanks!
@all - we'v received several questions on detailed sizing and dimensions chart. we are working on it and we plan to add it on the campaign page by end of the week. in the mean while, we suggest you pledge for your jackets before the early bird prices get exhausted. you don't have to choose your size and color options until october 2015.
hi @vien and @ivan, we'v added a couple of new rewards based on your recommendations. hope that helps, and thank you for your suggestions.
this is so exciting, great job! two suggestions: -definitely would love to see more pics of women's bomber jacket. -it would be amazing as a stretch goal to be able to add the blanket as an optional add-on.
@creator...you should consider making different combinations with sweater and windbreaker or sweater and bomber...having to pledge twice and twice the shipping is a bit much or you should allow the backers to add additional jackets after the campaign is over or something...this would simplify the shipping logistics for you guys...just a thought...
it would be great if some kind of guarantee or warranty could be given to show how much you stand by the quality your products. it really instills a lot of confidence in potential pledgers imo. :)
hi are you able to have a blazer and other option? please consider this seriously as i do not want to pay double the international shipping. thanks.
i love this concept! can't wait to use it! i agree with michelle- i have ordered a sweatshirt, however i find the men's much more attractive than the women's- in the photo the women's looks too short to work properly or to be attractive. also, the sweatshirt is the only women's style where the photos show the whole jacket- the other pictures are all cut off- i think i want to buy a bomber jacket too, but none of the pictures show the whole thing! could you post some pics of the women's windbreaker and bomber jacket that show the whole thing?
great concept! will the blazer be available in navy as well? it would be great to have a navy and a black blazer!
would you provide a clear picture/drawing of each jacket and the length of each part before we choosing the size?
i wish the sweatshirt (hoodie) was available in navy or solid forest green. the women's version looks too short and smaller pockets - is this correct and intentional for a 'women's cut'? if so, i'll choose the men's version...since i've pledged - go you! but for future design, please check out athleta longer length women's hoodies which are both contoured (as yours are not) and do not leave a 'gap' between jeans/pants and hoodie. frankly, your "women's" cut looks like a bad design (possibly working for short women, if anyone at all) although i love the concept of the travel hoodie and i do need this. make it more like the almost-tunic length fitted athleta hoodie next time and you will really have something.
following on the question from @scott - could you add the arm lengths to the size measures? i am likely a medium, but am worried that the arms are too short (as i am fairly tall). and if i choose large, i worry that the bomber would look bulky.
the pockets remind me of the scottevest jackets (i have one and use it constantly). the built in travel pillow, pen/stylus, and eyeshades are not something i've seen anywhere else.
@rebecca: apologies but currently we do not have any such option. if we get more requests we are open to launching more rewards. for now we strongly encourage you to take advantage of the early bird and maybe ask a friend to buy the blanket on your behalf @robert: sorry for the inconvenience but currently that combination of jacket styles is a little hard to pledge for the early bird price. =(. we are trying our best to make it easier. @scott: we currently don't have any tall sizes for the kickstarter campaign. we shall get back to you on the cotton weights used for the sweatshirt.
can you give information on the folks modeling the clothes? i'm curious how the sizing looks. for example, the guy with the blue men's sweatshirt - is he 5'10" with a medium or a large? also, the men's bomber picture is really hard to see the styling of... any chance of more pictures?
is there an option to pledge for a jacket and a blanket?
baubax i'm trying to get 3 jackets 2 blazer 1 windbreaker
also, are you planning any tall sizes?
what is the weight of the jackets and sweatshirts? like the cotton weights/thicknesses of the materials you plan on using. thanks!
@isabel: thanks! we actually did some role playing acts to feel out the jacket when all the pockets were filled. the end result was decent. but your requested is noted and we shall try and get some shots.
love the jacket! would you mind showing us a photo of the jacket being worn with all the pockets filled? i'm a bit worried that it'll be too bulky. thanks!
@aklor: we have plans to launch more colors in our stretch goals which will be launched soon. we highly recommend you make a pledge now to benefit from the early bird pricing. @colby, @ivan, @robert: since a lot of folks wanted to buy two of each, we have added an early bird pricing for a pack of two sweatshirts for $178 or a pack of any two (sweatshirt, bomber, windbreaker) for $188. to get any other combinations and enjoy the early bird pricing invite a friend to buy one for you ;) @rozyrazly: thanks for the support! we don't have a warranty on this product but i want you to know that we are super passionate about this project and we will try our very best to deliver nothing but the best. =)
can you make the women's bomber available in black too?
pledged for a windbreaker/bomber.  if i wanted to, how could i add additional to my super early bird?
pledged for a blazer - can i add $99 for a bomber? or vice versa?
lovely idea! will the fabric be preshrunk before being cut/sewn? i've owned many hoodies where, after the first wash, the zipper bunches because the fabric wasn't preshrunk. also, is there any type of warranty/guarantee?
can you put for 2 blazer and 1 windbreaker
