we have a problem.    when the garbage collector bangs the can to empty it,  we lost the fly trap.     also, lids are not airtight and when we opened it there were flies all around.   can you develop an attachment for the device that can't be popped loose?
stan, the sincerest of apologies regarding the late shipment.  while we have mailed hundreds of traps and thousands of cartridges so far, you are in a smaller group who ordered extra cartridges or had something different about their order that we are still working on.  we are sending out another large shipment this tuesday but will drop yours off today since you are so close. as far as the beach and bay press, since the story was coming out we had to have somewhere people reading the article could purchase them so we stopped by the hammer and nails ace hardware on turquoise and asked the owner if he would carry it.  he said yes so we dropped off a dozen of each. again, apologies for the delay. sincerely, dennis and joylyn
dennis and joylyn, i read the article in this week's beach and bay press, congratulations on being able to get the local ace to carry your new product!  however, the article did not mention anything about those of us who ordered way before ace was in the picture.  the article says ace will be getting it first???  what about those of us who believed in you early on and paid money thru kickstarter?  when will we be getting our product?  i live around the corner from you on emerald, i can pick it up at any time when you have available.  any updates would be helpful. thanks. stan
could please give an update?
hi janet, sorry for the late response.  we were out of town when you sent your question.  to date, we have not caught a single bee in any of our traps.  we don't expect bees to be attracted to our traps unless somebody puts a trap in a garbage can that has a bunch of flowers in it and even then, i would expect it to be unlikely as i'm sure they prefer live flowers that are in the sun since the color of the flower is part of what attracts them to it. cheers, dennis
i had a conversation with someone a few days ago and their restaurant uses a similar product in order to get rid of bees. (i know right? who in their right mind would buy a product that purposely kills our almost extinct bee friends?!?!?!?) anyhoo, it got me to thinking ... will this product be harmful to bees? i can't remember whether or not we previously discussed this. ~janet
how are things going?? about 6 weeks since last update( that i have seen )..hope all is going well.
yeah might be time for a little update.
just wondering how things are going
hi! based on your march 24th update, i know that you guys are super busy right now and may not even see this message for a few weeks, but i just wanted to wish you guys the best of luck at the national hardware show :d
any current news on these?
any updates?
hi angelica, thanks for your comment!  are flies already an issue in mississippi?  is this normally when they start to appear in your area or is it because it is unseasonably warm there?  we are starting to see them in san diego as well.  we were testing fly traps in several curbside garbage cans 2 weeks ago with the big commercial garbage trucks that pick them up with an automated system and dump them over the top of the truck.  we simulated 10 years of service (520 lifts for each garbage can = 1 pickup per week).  our traps survived while the garbage cans did not!  our original design failed late last year so we redesigned it to withstand the rigors of automated garbage trucks.  they look great!! we can't wait to start shipping them out too!  it looks like we may be teaming with a company in ohio who may be a distribution partner.  they are pretty big in the fly trap world; in fact, they are sending us a batch of their stickum to apply to the first lot of garbage can fly traps to come out of the mold. hope we can help you with your fly problem soon!! cheers, dennis and joylyn
dealing with flies already, can't wait for this to start shipping out. :)
how do i sign up for my i-5 corridor special?
really happy this is a product!  word of advise, you might want to put how far your willing to go on the 200 dollar tier. there is a chance that a guy 2000 miles away is expecting you to install it for him.
really impressed at the maker faire, i'm in!
@ joel madison botwinick: yes!!! we met with environmental services with the city of san diego today and took them prototype traps for testing!  they are looking at integrating the trap into the lid of the city's 650,000 curbside garbage cans!!!  let's get them flies!!!
so close you can taste it.
great idea!  (full transparancy) i know the creators and their savvy folks.  but i would have become a backer anyway if i heard about the idea elsewhere.  now, if we can just get the flies to spread the word - oh, i forgot - they die when they learn about it...:)
to krikkit[one]:  thank you for your question krikkit[one].  our prototype tests have used commercial off-the-shelf fly paper or fly paper-like products.  we will be sourcing commercial off-the-shelf products to adhere to the interior of our cartridges.  at this point, we are unaware of the shelf-life or even which product we will use in the final cartridges when we ship them.  sorry i can't be more specific at this time but i expect the shelf life to be comparable to existing fly paper products. the cartridges are the same and are effective for fruit flies and house flies.
my aim with the swatter is not what it used to be.  and yes this heat is really bringing them on.
what is the shelf life of the traps? is there a different trap for fruit fly vs. normal fly - or is the trap the same?
@ joel madison botwinick: hi joel- did you have an experience today you want to share?  the flies are extra horrible in this heat. joylyn p.s.  we hate flies too.
i really really hate flys.
daniel, thanks for the support.  we are excited to help you with your fruit fly problem!
otaku,  a samll, free-standing unit would require baiting the cartridge.  at this time, we do not have this capacity but we are interested in pursuing it.  stay tuned...
good luck with the project. i'm hoping this will help alleviate the fruit fly problem we have.
can this be used as a free standing unit, like sitting on a counter?
hi scott, a higher volume of cartridge sales will allow us to substantially lower the price point of the cartridge which is our goal.  we are considering a "stretch goal" as it relates to cartridges which will cut the price dramatically but this requires that we prove market viability with this campaign.  we are working on it!  thanks for your question.
how much will additional cartridges cost down the road? say for a 20 or 25 pack of them. it seems like a 3 pack won't last long in an outdoor trash can during the summer.
