once i used it for half marathon. one thing that bother me is the velcro around the arm (when using it), many times the velcro attach to my t-shirt when i start to drink. however, the quality is top.
yeah, i totally agree with the comment on too much exposed velcro. i decided to not wear it at all under my snowboard jacket because the velcro would mess up the inside liner. if you come up with a solution to cover the exposed velcro, please send it out to your backers asap.
@jasonauw thanks for the feedback jason, glad to hear you are using the pack.  we have heard these same comments from other dolfinpack owners as well as other suggestions.  we are already working on the next version and there will no longer be an issue with the straps.  we will keep you and all of our other backers posted soon with details of something new coming soon!  thanks! -mike
had an opportunity to use it outdoor and on a road trip. the fabric quality is a top notch however the problem is the straps too much velcros on the straps making it so frustrated that it stick onto other fabrics when wore and brushing on my arm skin making it look like skin rash. i actually have to cut the straps out and sew a new strap on it. i did recommended my friends buy one of this but after they witness it, they changed their mind and bought a different hydration pack on amazon.
@sebastian - can you try to capture a picture and send it to info@dolfinpack.com.  i'm not saying you're wrong but the way these come from our manufacturer, the cap is already on them and they are closed.  in our assembly process for retail, we then remove the cap, and place everything into the box.  i would imagine either the manufacturer or we would notice if one was incorrectly made to be too long but it is possible we missed one. some pictures will help us to confirm you are assembling it correctly.
wow sorry, life got busy. and no, the cap is longer than the rubber mouth piece, therefore i can't screw it down all the way
@sebastian - it definitely should fit.  if you install the dust cap, you have to work the rubber bite valve back onto the plastic fitting.  it will take a minute or so twisting the bite valve back and forth to get it all the way back on there but you'll definitely be able to tell when it's on as it will not be as flimsy.  feel free to send us over a picture but i think if you try to push down the bite valve a little further, twist it back and forth like i'm mentioning, you'll see it fits.  let us know!
yes, that's exactly it. it's too tall. i'll email picture as soon as i get home but it'll be hard to capture since it will be covered unless i pull up...
@sebastian are you talking about the dust cap? the black piece with a hinge that covers the rubber bite valve? please email me at info@dolfinpack.com if you have a picture that would be great too. thanks! -mike p.
hey, got it two weeks ago. took it dh biking and running. the only issue i have with it is that the plastic guard for the nozzle/mouthpiece is too tall and the rubber piece isn't/cannot be pushed down all the way. and it has leaked/almost fell off once or twice. any solution for this?
@sebastian sorry for the delay in responding to you but the usps site was down and i could not get tracking info.  i was just able to get it today.  the number is: lz316385925us  please let me know if you have any questions.  thanks and have a great day! -mike p.
never got a tracking number...
thank you! received mine in the mail yesterday. can't wait to try it out!
wow such a quick respond..... your customer service is outstanding. thumb up dolfin pack. can t wait to enjoy my last days of summer with my pack .
@xkorter, at this point all packs have been sent.  i will send you your tracking number in a personal message but it should be arriving any day.
@ mike ans cabe... did you ship? i still didn't get my tracking number.
dolfinpacks have begun to ship!  start checking your mail boxes next week!  if you haven't gotten us your address or have an address change please let us know asap so we can make sure we get you your dolfinpack!  have a question?  hit us up at info@dolfinpack.com for a quick response!  thanks! -mike & cabe
also, for almost daily updates, new pictures, content, etc. keep track of us on social media.  we can be found at: http://facebook.com/dolfinpack instagram: @dolfinpack twitter: #dolfinpack
thanks @xkorter.  it will be a great product and we're excited to bring it to everyone.  i also sent you a personal message, hope you received it well!
@creators... thank for the clarification and the update. i still believe that the dolfin pack is an amazing product. that s why i first backed it in first place. can t really wait for it to arrive. i'm sure customer service is your main concern. you guyz rock.
tanya, of course, we actually plan to ship in the order pledges were made, first kickstarter pledges will ship first.  after all kickstarter orders are shipped, we will ship other pre-orders.
thank you, i hope the kickstarter orders will be going out first before your public sales
hey everyone! dolfinpacks are shipping out the end of this week!  we have over 200 orders with kickstarter backers as well as many other pre-orders from other buyers.  the packs will begin to ship out this friday.  please give 3-5 days for your pack to ship and another 3-5 days for transit time within the united states.  for all international customers shipping will take 7-10 business days with usps.  again thanks for your patience throughout this entire process.  we can't wait for you all to have your dolfinpacks! @xborter - we've been sending out email updates to our backers every two weeks throughout this entire process.  we have heard from a few people that those messages ended up in their spam folder, is it possible that this is the case with you?  if you or anyone else has any direct questions please email us at info@dolfinpack.com or call us at 904-537-7945.  we'll be happy to answer you right away.  we have a combined 11 years in the customer service industry and it is a top priority.  we feel we have done very well communicating delays and we're very sorry if you feel differently.  the delays that occurred were not in our production timeline but rather in the shipping timeline due unforeseen circumstances and even one natural disaster which nobody could have predicted. thanks and once again shipping of the product will begin end of this week into next week. -mike & cabe
@ creators....i  can definitely see that your customer service will be crap. many backers ask shipping day and questions and you don't even bother answering.  please do us a favor and give us an update. thank you.
it's the last week of august, can you please give us an estimated shipping date?
has it been shipped??
...any update guys?
any word on when you will be shipping? your facebook page says production was complete as of july 8, i was hoping to have this in time for my sup race first weekend of august. thanks!
extremely quiet since the update about the issues with the straps more than 2 weeks ago. you also mentioned the packs should be ready within 2 weeks back then. any progress update?
update....!
hello all you dolfinpack backers!!  we are very excited to bring you the greatest hydration pack on the planet.  our original shipment date for july has been slightly moved back.  we had to make some final minor adjustments to the strap sizes.  we will continue to update everyone via kickstarter every two weeks or so but for more updates, photos, videos, and info please give us a like and check out our facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/dolfinpack or follow us on instagram @dolfinpack.  stay thirsty! -mike & cabe
i'm curious about production too.
@creator...when r u guys shipping? it s july and so excited. how is production going?
woohoo!
looking forward to receiving my dolfin pack!  congratulations mike and cabe.  can i get a woohoo!
thanks sebastian & thanks to all of our backers!  you've all been awesome!  we're in the process of placing our order with the manufacturer.
congrats on getting funded!
thanks david!  we're pushing hard right now but we still have $800 to go.  your support is much appreciated and i think your neon color idea is awesome.  we'll definitely look into those.  just an fyi to everybody, our $250 pledge amount includes your own custom color dolfinpack.  want one in neon?  we'll do our best to get the exact color you want!
keep spreading the word - let's get this project funded!   when you decide to expand the selection of colors, i think you should add a neon color like yellow or orange for safety while jogging or biking.
you might have to create fb page so others can share it.
looks like funding is slowing down... any chance we are still able to get this if the project is not funded?
i go for a lot of runs and hikes. i hate being bogged down with anything i need to carry. since fountains are pretty sparse in my area i'm pretty psyched i found this. will definitely come in handy
that is the exact place on the bladder where i've had issues in the past, so i'm glad you addressed it with the manufacturer. i appreciate the response and look forward to the success of your campaign. can't wait to try out a dolfin pack!
@jeremy - we have rigorously tested our products for the last six months.  i can definitely confirm that we have broken a lot of bladders, most of the time at the seal where the tube runs into the bladder.  as a result, we took the issues we had to our manufacturer and explained the issue, their response was we had a sample that wasn't produced to the quality level of the actual manufacturing so we demanded a fully manufactured version.  i can honestly say that since doing that we have not had a bladder issue and we've put them through some wear & tear.  we are getting the highest grade bladder from our manufacturer, the one that costs the most, we didn't skimp on anything there & we plan to offer a lifetime warranty on any manufacturer defects.  if in the rare case your bladder is broken by reason outside of a manufacturing issue, we do plan to offer replacement bladders at half the price of a full dolfinpack.  for kickstarter backers, we will offer the replacement at half the cost of your backing amount.
@gibson - we had already responded to you in a private message but we also wanted to post the response here.  we will try to get some better pictures up of the tube harness.  the issue is it's a little difficult to see as it is a black harness on the black velcro & elastic. it is basically an elastic band that has been added to both the left and right shoulder straps near that end that the tube runs through to prevent it from bouncing or making any movement.  we added the harness to both the left and right side so you can choose which shoulder you would rather the tube run over.  we've also found it very convenient to actually run the tube beneath the chest strap after running through the band for double security.  obviously what works best is up to the individual and what activity they are participating in but overall there are a lot of different ways to secure the tube for a tight fit.
the bladder durability is my major concern. i often have to replace the bladder on my camelbak because it springs a leak near the seams. are the bladders on the dolfin pack durable enough to withstand constant torqueing of extreme sports and what will your company do for defective water bladders?
hi creator, i read from your description of nozzle harness. would like to see it clearer or closer how it is secured and positioned, as from the pictures and videos so far, have not been able to see that part in action. hope you would consider posting some pictures of it in your future updates.
