for anyone interested: i'm selling all of my zombicide - complete season 1, 2, and 3 - http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/301836473008…
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
doh! looked in survivor boxes and found it all! all good!
has anyone gotten their zombie versions of nick walker, el cholo, and dave the geek?
@darren not really (for promos)... you can find them on ebay for a price... but some of the promos are starting to show up at cmon events such as gencon last weekend.
is there any way to order season 1 survivors?  we have some new players who were not part of the kickstarter and they want to get the other survivors.
my replacement package came in today, all the right pieces, the shirt was a larger size but with the other comments that's probably a good thing. thanks cmon
so i'm not the only guy here that received a xxl size shirt that feels two sizes smaller? i sent an email to coolmini. anyone have any luck with that?
we played several games on sunday; eva is a room clearer and ivy's sniper skill is much better for close ranged weapon use than long range!
got my second shipment! i'm a bit sad about the eva changes, but oh well.
so you know the rules, you just refuse to use them until they're posted on the official site as opposed to the official facebook page?
@ninian as long as rules aren't posted on the company's site it isn't official enough for me. referring to  a post on boardgamegeek by a random member of the public only highlights the problem.
mine arrived in texas a few days ago.  everything looks good but my only complaint (other than the wait) is that chaz the eagle is molded in white plastic.  this makes the details a bit hard to make out.  he looks like chuck the ghost.
didn't really search all that hard, did you? http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/978543/new-skills-from-guillotine-games-facebook
after some searching on the internetz, i find out that to be able to use the 2nd wave characters i need to follow the facebook feed.... which means that until they deign to supply us with a pdf i'm unable to effectively use these. how messed up is that?
i have received 2nd wave of season 1 package in very good order. thanks c'mon ! btw, when will the ipad application for these promo be updated so that one can have the great convenience to play zombicide with ease. cheers
scratch that, the package 'literally' just showed up at my office. awesome timing!
here in california. i have not received my 2nd shipment yet, nor have i been emailed a tracking number. a little worried about the shirt size issues i'm hearing....am i gonna have to loose 50 pounds to fit into mine?
got mine all was there. thanks!
yeah, their shirts are a bit small. i wish i had gotten a xxl
i'll email kickstarter@coolminiornot.com directly, but for the sake of the community - i got my second wave yesterday and got the card for eva, and the ivy miniature as well.  also an xl t-shirt instead of an l along with a note explaining they ran out of size l, and would "work something out" if the xl didn't fit.  the xl actually does fit reasonably, so no worries there, but i am going to ask for the eva mini i chose.
the season 1 promo survivors and purchasable survivor skills are located on guillotine games facebook page within their picture. it was posted as of february 12th. so save you a trip here they are. (sorry for any spelling mistakes) low profile: the survivor can't be targeted by allied ranged attacks and can't be hit by car attacks. ignore him when shooting in or driving through the sone he stands in. weapons that kill everytinh in the targeted zone like the molotov still kill him. webbing: all equipment cards in the survivors inventory is considered equipped in hand. destiny: the survivor can use this skill once per turn, when he reveals an equipment card he drew. discard that card and draw another equipment card. collector (zombie type) : the survivor doubles the experience gained each time he kills a zombie of the specified type. super strength: consider the damage value of melee weapons used by the survivor to be 3 toxic immunity: the survivor is immune to toxic blood spray zombie link: the survivor plays an extra turn each time an extra activation card is drawn in the zombie pile. he plays before the extra activated zombies. if several survivors benefit from this skill at the same time, the players choose their activation order. rotten: at the end of his turn if the survivor has not taken a combat action, driven a car, and has not produced a noise token, place a rotten token next to his base. as long as he has this token, he is totally ignored by any and all types of zombies and is not considered a noise token. zombies don't attack him and will even walk past him. the survivor loses his rotten token if he takes any combat action or makes noise. even with the rotten token, the survivor still has to spend extra actions to move out of a zone crowded with zombies. taunt: the survivor can use this skill for free, once during each of his turns. select a zone your survivor can see. all zombies standing in the selected zone immediately gain an extra activation: they try to reach the taunting survivor by all means available. taunted zombies ignore all other survivors: they do not attack them and cross the zone they stand in if needed to reach the taunting survivor. why this gem is hidden to the backers is beyond me... kill on survivors!
thanks cmon for the reply, i know you guys are working hard to help everyone.
got my package, everything is all there. i gotta say, though. this is the smallest xxlarge shirt ive ever seen.
good to hear - delays and mishaps are to be expected, but the feeling of being ignored is frustrating. thanks for addressing that.
we're backlogged on customer service tickets - they're being cleared as quickly as possible.  sorry for the wait and thank you for being patient. all support requests go to kickstarter@coolminiornot.com and are tracked - we're currently working our way up from 7th may and expect the backlog to be cleared by next week.  we can't provide support on the comments due to privacy concerns, but we're committed to addressing any damaged/missing/wrong packages or items as quickly as possible. note: kickstarter private messages are read but are at lower priority to the tracked ticket system we have. if you've already submitted an email after may 7th, we'll get to you soon.
cmon - why no answer to my question about tracking numbers? or nicks issue with moving?
i changed my order address about a month and a half ago, with reassurance from the cmon people that it would be fine, and now they've shipped to the wrong place and won't return any of my messages. unbelievable.
got my figs, no errors, and many thanks! ah, and toilet roll samurai shouldn't start the game with a katana. must be a typo (-_^)
got mine with eva card but ivy minis! (ordered eva, but seeing the card, not sure i want the minis)
received mine yesterday.  well packed and everything accounted for.  i'm in canada.
1) whoever packed my order really needs to be schooled in how to not damage products, two boxes are basically torn in half, luckily the figures are fine. 2) the new eva figure is... eww... no... does not like... i know you guys had to change it, but... just... ugh...
received the extra survivors etc today in australia. everything seems to be included. no problems.
mine is 20 mins away from my house. i will get it saturday. thanks smart post! it will now ship about 4 hours away and then come back.
how hard is it to make sure we got all of our stuff? they did a super sloppy job
received mine today but missing card for eva
i received mine but received four claudia's instead of two ivys.
i received mine but got 2 zombivor versions of chaz and no survivor version.
my tracking number is still not working... any ideas?
everything arrived here yesterday, marvin's box had some minor benign on the front, but otherwise it was all in good shape. funny, i didn't notice the beard on marvin until he showed up, not that i mind, just looking forward to using them all in the game now!
"there’s no bad surprise with marvin redfield. destiny, his starting skill, allows him to search without fearing of an unexpected zombie. equipped with a flashlight, he becomes the one to quickly deliver quality material to the whole team." source:http://guillotinegames.com/en/blog-marvin-redfield-the-bodyguard
i have marvin. what is destiny? lol. c'mon now lets see a pdf on the abilities. see what i did there? lol
okay....
"your mother was a hamster, and your father smelled of elderberries..."
all my characters showed up yesterday. haven't had a chance to check them out but i'm excited to open them up and start painting. :d
from facebook - we have received requests about the taunt skill possessed by marvin (and grindlock from prison outbreak). here it is! try it, use it, adopt it. taunt – the survivor can use this skill for free, once during each of his turns. select a zone your survivor can see. all zombies standing in the selected zone immediately gain an extra activation: they try to reach the taunting survivor by all means available. taunted zombies ignore all other survivors: they do not attack them and cross the zone they stand in if needed to reach the taunting survivor.
@matthew - i did that as well and it states not found.
william, when you click link only part of fedex code is there. you need to hilite copy and paste whole code.
gunslinger: the survivor treats all ranged weapons as if they had the dual symbol (rules book pg 16) taunt not yet know.
so, on top of the way they handled the issue with marvin and eva, we cannot even play with them until september? no idea what taunt or gunslinger do? i would like to think they would have included a rules update on the website, or with the minis. classy.
got my promo figures today, and happy to have completed my first kickstarter. i hadn't considered the problem of people participating in the 1st kickstarter, receiving the promo figures, but not buying the expansion set.  that would make these promo figures impossible to properly play with.  i think matthew wilkinson's suggestion is spot on.  providing the abilities for the figures would be enough.  if people don't want to buy the expansion, then they can use their zombivour figures for slain pc models.  so everybody wins, no figure goes unused, and the world can keep turning.
anyone know why my code for my shipment would not work? got it a few days ago from cmon and no shipment and cannot check the code....
firstly, thank you for promt delivery of my merchandise! the figs are wonderful. however im a bit upset that i cannot use them given the fact that most of them have abilities not in print in the season 1 rule book. ok they are in the second season ect, ect. i get that. problem is that i didnt do the second kickstarter. so why should i be penalized then? a compromise would be to give us 1st seasoners the list of abilities. i personally wouldn't mind waiting for the sombivore rules in the expantion which im happy to pick up at my local game store btw.  think about it we supported you and the second season was gangbusters because of our support. so what your telling us is that we cant use our season chars we have waited almost a year for because we didnt support your second kickstarter? thank you.
so i got my promos yesterday, but never received the fed ex email... i wonder if i'll receive it in a month like when i got my fed ex email a month after receiving guilds of cadwallon.
taken from the fb page henk de nijs new survivors arrived last tuesday! got them all painted and ready to play later tonight. question: what does marvin's taunt ability do? it's not in the rules update on your site. guillotine games "taunt" is in prison outbreak. a little patience... what they are really saying  oh here are your new promo survivors you paid for over a year ago but we wont give you the rules for the skills they have. thanks assholes!
received mine today in malaysia, but most of the boxes are damaged.
chaz, troy and samurai arrived here in australia today :-)
do you have a listing of what the new abilities that the prom survivors have can do?
@ matthew they did "we will be updating with tracking info for both in batches as they go out, and will post again once shipping is complete."
i still haven't even received a fed ex email yet, concerning my shipment... should i be worried? cool mini or not, if you could chime in about how shipments are going, that'd be great.
here is some of the new skills. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
received mine today in az. it also arrived a day earlier than fedex says.
from what i understand the rules are in the season 2 releases
where are the rules posted for the new characters and the zombivor abilities?
in addition to my previous comment, why are there not rules for these characters developed a year ago?  i'd even be okay if they were sent with the second shipment that those characters were sent in :p
does anyone know what "taunt" does?
@ moose - marvin looks quite a bit more gruff, using a pistol, and his outfit is brown.  eva has a beret, smg, and red and black biker outfit.
got the minis today - austin, tx. fedex smartpost.
i got tracking info... got the minis today... took only five days.. from uk to denmark...
are people getting tracking info when theirs ships? or are they just showing up?
wisconsin, still nothing
for those that received... what do the altered marvin and eva look like?
the worst part of shipment tracking is checking day to day to find no change in the package status. i'm excited to see how these new characters complement the current cast!
well, i'm at a week now and mine has made it to florida still has an awful long way to go.
texas, still zilch
maryland...still nothing... :(
i got my tracking number. horray!  i can't wait!
got my tracking now, in ca. looks like its shipping from the cmon hq in ga.
got mine too sweet
excellent got my shipping notification 30 minutes ago for ohio
just got my fedex email. huzzah. :)
@cmon - ah, thanks, that explains it.  :)
woohoo! finally got my tracking # for wash dc!
just got my tracking number in illinois
if it was by pledge number order i would have got mine i was 182 out of 5,258. it must be random
@coolminiornot do you have any update on how many more need to ship or when you think you will be done shipping? thanks!
.. but i can see in the pledge manager that i did order them.
i haven't heard about my additional pledge items (marvin, eva, claudia, ivy) yet either.
@ron you won't get marvin, eva, claudia or ivy unless you pledged extra for them as an optional item.
so are we still waiting on minis?  i thought this shipment was going to finish it up but perhaps i was mistaken.    according to @ian below we are waiting on "zombivor version of nick, el cholo, and dave as well as survivor and zombivor version of eagle, card board tube samurai, ivy, eva, claudia, marvin, and troy." i received "set #1" that doesn't include ivy, claudia or marvin.  are they coming in another shipment?
just got my michigan tracking number.  i haven't come close to finishing painting all the minis i already have though.
just received my tracking number and i live in the netherlands.
my box arrived in southern germany.  the quality of the miniatures is great. thanks a lot :-)
mine were just delivered in ny.
possibly more like region to region or state to state. either that or by pledge number order, which i no longer think is the way things are shipped.
if it was alphabetically i would of got my shipping info by now. last name eland
oh no. they're shipping them alphabetically. at this rate i won't see mine for a few more weeks...
@dark still nothing for me either, i don't think the majority of shipments to california are sent yet, but it should probably happen soon. cmon won't update here until they are finish, so that just means they probably haven't gotten to the california orders yet.
still no confirmation e-mail for me.  is someone walking the games from georgia to california?
still waiting... nothing here in tn. are they shipping like 50 a day or what?
received in france today, with all minis and their cards ! yeah !
my package made a stop in my home city on its way to wisconsin, where presumably it will turn around and come back two days later, according to the estimate.
i am in new jersey and i haven't heard anything either. a post updating us with what (when) to expect would be nice. i know they are busy but it wouldn't take too long to throw something up on this page.
co here, received my email notification for tracking on friday may 3, 2013 at 10:13am. fedex says the shipment is in transit, no estimated arrival date yet.
will there be any rules and skill descriptions for the zombivors prior to po/tcm, for those who didn't want to buy the expansions upfront?
i haven't gotten anything either, and i'm in missouri. it would be really nice if they could post an update on how many more have to ship and when we could expect them being since the previous target date has been missed. happy 1 year since funding!
okay i'm giving this until wednesday night before i call cmon to find out what's going on with fulfillment.
nothing here in illinois
i still haven't received a shipping notification either, and i'm in ohio.
@moose, it would have to be in boxes unless you only ordered the t-shirt.
they said they would try to get it all out by this weekend but i guess they haven't cuz i still haven't got my shipping info.
are people getting shipments in boxes or packets?
anyone receive a t-shirt yet...?
mine is on its way... fedex smartpost is the single worst way to send a package short of handing it to a homeless person and saying "good luck..." but i don't blame cmon or gg for that. seriously though, no eta and it's already in my home city... http://www.fedex.com/ 9611913 058157460876007 fedex blows...
got my shipping info today in iowa
@dark same
i am in ca and i have not received a shipping confirmation notice.
i live in wa and i haven't got mine shipping info yet.
i got my shipping confirmation this morning. i am in ca with 1 of all of the minis coming.
nothing in fl
so i live in the uk, and i've got my figures.  though one of the boxes is really knocked about.
nothing in tn.
got a shipping notice today for ny.
i live in maryland... nothing yet either.
i live in the u.s. (virginia) and received my tracking number today (5/2/13) - it is being shipped via fedex.
nothing in wash dc
just to add i had my models arrive with no cards as mentioned by coolminiornot.  they arrived today by post :)  didn't need to request them they just turned up.
received shipping info for germany. delivery scheduled for next tuesday. that's just great because i have thursday and friday off! woot! woot!
has anyone received there figs or a shipping notice in the u.s
nothing in the netherlands either...
nothing here in texas :(
still waiting.  though i am also waiting on guilds of cadwallon. kind of odd that i am waiting this long, because the first shipment i received way before i expected to. and before many other backers.
arrived in uk looks good ;
got ups shipping notice yesterday morning, delivery notice in the afternoon, and shipping notice from cmon in the evening. waiting for me when i got home. which character does claudia riff on?
yeah shipping notice in canada too :d
got my shipping notice today, woohoo, finally coming to canada!
are people getting shipping notices? or are they just showing up?
not the only problem with the shipment via battelfoam this time. i got two troy zombies and no troy human. so far. i've ;let cmon know via the contact me link on the right, is there a better way to do it? http://i39.photobucket.com/albums/e191/octarinewolf/2troyzs.jpg
awesome, jobs a good 'un.
well, speak of the devil.
cmon has a good track record, give them time to respond and rectify.
battlefoam made an error with some initial shipments, they're fixing it now and sending out the missing cards.
i can get over the change in sculpts because the designs were preliminary and i wasn't particularly wedded to the original eva design, but if some figures are shipping without stat cards what's the point? i fear a poop storm a'coming. coming without the cards will be unacceptable.
i haven't received any notification that anything has shipped. those who have received their shipment, were you notified?
so, eva is totally different than we were shown, and my eva and marvin didn't come with their stat cards. finding out that eva has been changed when i open the box is unacceptable. had i seen the changed sculpt i would have tried to get one of the other survivors instead.
hey icematt, did you ever get a shipping email?
received my shipment today, but noticed no eva player card came with the models. is this normal?
@darktraveler gg commented on facebook and has no control over the kickstarter page. cmon has to be the ones to update and they are a lot worse at communication than gg because they are "worried about spamming their backers" if i remember correctly.
@luis: where do you see that they were selling exclusives before sending them to backers? the only promos that have been seen on ebay as far as i know are from france, and as i understand it were given out by edge entertainment, not cmon.
@dark...done and poked for us. hopefully they'll see it.
from facebook  "today kickstarter season 1 promo figures have started being shipped out. we expect to finish the job by the end of next week. have a nice week end and we promised the second quarter 2013 and second quarter it is... :)"
thanks for the update, phil.  could someone poke them on facebook to send an update through here so non-facebook using backers know what is going on?
they commented on fb that the second wave has started shipping and they expect to be finished next week.
has cmon addressed when the second wave of season 1 items will ship (besides the announcement that shipment would begin in april)?  i see a lot of comments on here demonstrating confusion and frustration over the lack of product and yet no official word from the powers that be. april is about done and all i am left wondering is where's our stuff? poor showing, cmon.  poor showing indeed.  glad i didn't bite on the more recent zombicide kickstarter campaign.
ups.. zombicide season "2", not 3.
so... the sold exclusives before send them to the backer. they totally changes the designs of various miniaturas without warning. for me it is called fraud or cheating. after hidding the fact that the relic knight will be delayed more than 6 months until zombicide s3 ks ended cmon has shows a total lack of ethics.
@bobble - we got one too yay :d \o/
@luis: they changed her design. speculation is that since both eva and marvin got changed (tarantino characters) they got forced into the change. so now we get a crappier version of eva...
wtf is this? it seems that you can find on ebay some of the wave2 exclusives. have cmon changed the desing for eva duran, from the bride of kill bill to jill valentine of resident evil or it is a fake? http://www.ebay.fr/itm/zombicide-figurine-eva-the-artist-version-zombivore-fiche-/121099821762…
i'm in the uk and just got a ups tracking number!
please some kind of update gg? thanks :-)
considering this was fully funded months before cadwallon, i think they need to push us to a higher priority and start getting these out faster. getting frustrating seeing zombivores turn up on ebay long before i even have a shipping notice.
nope, no shipment or notification yet.
nope, no shipment or notification yet.
not yet.
has anyone started receiving ship 2 yet?
i was looking at the ledge manager and saw shipment 1.5, but i never received a 1.5.  i obnly received initial shipment.  did i miss something or will this be made up in shipment 2?
cmon updated cadwallon they hadn't finished shipping apparently. they had finished shipping everything without extra token packs and are continuing shipping now. hopefully not too much longer for our second shipment to go out.
@ian - thanks so much for the info!
@ron : zombivor version of nick, el cholo, and dave as well as survivor and zombivor version of eagle, card board tube samurai, ivy, eva, claudia, marvin, and troy. also if you got your shipment before gen con your shirt will be coming too.
i don't even remember at this point -  if we pledged at the abomination level, what items are still remaining to ship to those of us in the u.s.?
some of the season 1 promos (zombivor nick and dave) have started popping up on ebay already. i'm kind of hoping that they start shipping to the actual backers soon.
shameless plug: drake: the dragon wargame http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/agm/drake-the-dragon-wargame
i'm thinking shipping will begin to happen towards the end of the month of april.
@lau, i'm not sure they are going to tell us when they start shipping... like adam said i think they already started right after they finished shipping cadwallon. of course it could be they have yet to finish cadwallon and will be updating us when they being shipping.
why no more update? anyone know when the shipment 2 start? i can't wait anymore!!
mike there's actually a good chance of them getting to you this weekend. got a response from cmon, they shipped guilds of cadwallon first and are now shipping the season 1 extras. it's coming via usps for us backers.
was hoping to have shipment 2 by this weekend to play for my birthday :(
when? when? when?
giggity.
cadwallon just said it is starting shipping which means shipment 2 for zombicide should be starting any day now.
not long to wait now:)
@bj, yeah i just saw that. thanks! can't wait to get these guys. and i'm backing the new one. soon i'm gonna have more survivors than zombies haha.
our precious is coming. :p
@stephen looks like update 74 gave a better and more up to date answer.  cmon has a response or two not far down in the comments, and i think it was on the gg facebook that they gave the big rundown on status some time last month.  they also had a nice sneak picture of all the minis in this shipment in their packaging.
we wants the precious!
@bj, i heard that from someone else as well but where are you guys getting that info from? i can't find it to save my life.
the eagle is on a boat from china.  it should be going through us custom real soon.  then cmon/gg will sort and ship eagle and the rest of the missing survivors (including the optionals) and zombivors.  we should have them in our hands in april or possibly may depending on where we live and how long customs delays things.
never received eagle as part of my pledge.  weird
thanks cmon. can you guys update when the boat arrives? i think that'll be a milestone worth celebrating :)
thanks, cmon, for letting us know. any chance i'd get free games for life if i tattooed cmon on my forehead?
hey guys! the second wave of shipping is still scheduled for this spring (we're shooting for april), with no delays to speak of. this is also when our us backers will get their t-shirts! if you have any questions about your specific order, send an email to kickstarter@cmon.com.
i want my figures :) sends them to me pls thanks :)
@ yeh it would, but were not due to have them yet anyway, im just taking things as they come
it would be nice to get an official update on the status of the remaining items.  i see misc comments saying things but it would be nice to having something come through an official channel as an update on this kickstarter.
it's not stopping us because they haven't failed to deliver.  we knew when we pledged that they weren't due to ship until 2nd quarter of this year.  the tshirt is the only thing i'm missing, and frankly, that won't make me cry if it never makes it to my stoop.  :)
tis a bit weird pitching season 2 when several items from season 1 are not delivered yet.... the minis, the t-shirt, and don't remember what else at this point, might have to go look in old records.... i know, they are coming.... just leaves me wondering how much i want to invest in another season before they do..... obviously it's not stopping lots of other people.....
@brian: they should be on the cargo freighter now, month to us, then you'll see them after cmon ships them out. i would expect mid to late april.
so will we get the remaining batchs of figures soon? we are coming into q2, and i would have throught it would have received all remaining products before season 2 gets funded.
i was told that because i didn't get my tshirt in the initial batch, i would be getting it with my figures. which is kind of lame and i'm passing by yet another gaming conference without my damn tshirt.
when will the second wave of minis coming up?
@jim you should have got the tee with your game. contact the nice people at cmon or guillotine games though i suspect they are kind of preoccupied right now.
@heather i know you asked this a while back but just remove any or all spawn cards labled #1 - 24 and you should have a much tougher game. you could also pull some of the weapons from the deck :)
i have to still receive my t-shirt from this kickstarter.  i would really like to see that arrive and the promised exclusive minis before the second zombicide ends.
hello, i need to change my address for the expansion characters but do not see a way to do so.  could you point me in the right direction, please?
zombicide: season 2 has just been aprpoved by kickstarter so we'll be pulling the trigger on the zombie hordes at 11am est saturday morning. stay tuned to facebook to get the link to the kickstarter page once it goes live! https://www.facebook.com/#!/guillotinegames
latest word was the kickstarter is backlogged and the new kickstarter won't go live until monday
according to guillotine games, the new kickstarter should go live in the next 24 hours!
a plea to cmon and gg: i don't mind when the new kickstarter begins but please don't let it end on easter. i think a lot of people (me included) will be on vacation and can't follow the final countdown which at least for me is the most fun.
@stephen - i can tell you that my life is better just knowing this information is available to me whenever i need it. thanks
so the old nookcolor was gathering dust.  i could not get the zombicide app, handsome’s pocketdm app, nor the zombie burbz app to run on it. the warranty is now long expired, so i thought it was a good time to root the darned thing, and try for something with more functionality. linux can be made to run on just about anything including dead badgers, so i thought i’d give it a shot.  after reading about cyanogenmod, i figured since it was stable, it ought to work.   you will need one or two micro sd cards, an installed copy of the astro app, and a copy of the zombicide-80004111.apk file (working or not). i had all of these on my motorola x2.    first off, follow the instructions located at: http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/install_cm_for_encore  to ‘side load’ the application itself you will need to have a version of zombicide-80004111.apk downloaded. go into astro and back up the application.  back up anything else you will also be using on the rooted nookcolor. navigate to backups, and copy the folder to the micro sd card. for added insurance, copy the .apk files to a safe place also. put the sd card in the nookcolor, and navigate to the micro sd card >backups>apps copy these apps to the internal micro sd card if you want to remove the sd card. double-tap the zombicide.apk file, and it ought to install.  bonus -- handsome’s pocketdm-4.apk also works now.
@lawrence. my understanding is that set 1 is the extra zombies and cards that abominations backers got from the kickstarter.
just testing out the new kickstarter app. it will now be really easy to spend lots of money with season 2 and toxic mall once it kicks off....
it's a box of zombies. there will be at least 5 different packs as far as we know. box #1 will have the walk of the dead cards and zombie types, box #5 will have zombie dogs from season 2. who knows what the other 3 will have, but probably toxic zombies and berserker zombies.
a mighty fine question....some sort of zombie treasure...
what's this? http://www.miniaturemarket.com/gug0013.html
rand, your post was too short, next time put some content into it please.
exclusive interview: zombicide season 2 announced! we’ve got a great exclusive interview with guillotine games about the upcoming toxic city mall expansion, and also prison outbreak - a full standalone game! check out the whole interview after the break! tgn: guillotine games made quite a splash last year, when coolminiornot launched a successful kickstarter for zombicide, your first published game. tell us more about the people behind the team. who are you? guillotinee games: we are a small group of veterans of the game industry who became friends. graphic designers, game designers, sculptors and production managers used to working with each other and coming up with a project we always wanted to do. the guillotine logo and “liberté, egalité, fraternité” (freedom, equality, brotherhood) motto clearly identify our french origin and team values. values embodied with zombicide, a cooperative boardgame where players lead survivors of different backgrounds as a team against game-driven zombies. tgn: rumors talk about another upcoming kickstarter campaign about zombicide’s first expansion, called toxic city mall. what is it? gg: a new kickstarter campaign will begin soon. it will be about, but not only, toxic city mall. this expansion will introduce mall tiles combining building and street zones for a different perspective on lines of sight. there will be also four new survivors (including their zombivor versions) with new skills, and the six zombivor versions of the 2012 core game heroes. they’re all put in a fight against toxic zombies able to wound their assailant in hand-to-hand combat. last, but not least, are the new equipment cards (such as assault rifles, laser pointers or flamethrower) and new game modes: toxic city mall will introduce barricade rules, giant-sized rubble tokens to change your boards and zombivor rules. players will be able to lead these undead heroes against the zombie hordes, with totally new mechanics. ah, there’s also the ultrared mode, allowing players to gain new skills after reaching the red danger level, and super ultrared weapons usable only by red level survivors. this kickstarter, however, is not only about toxic city mall. it will also introduce zombicide season 2: prison outbreak. taking the players to an indoor environment with vicious close-ranged fights, prison outbreak contains all the needed material for a new player to enter the zombicide universe, and lots of content, almost all new, for an existing zombicide player to expand his game experience. in fact, prison outbreak holds even more material than the core game published in 2012 (now nicknamed season 1)! please note toxic city mall is an expansion for both season 1 and season 2. all content, from survivors to tiles and rules, are fully compatible (and should be enjoyed as such, i may add!). tgn: that’s a lot of info! let’s start with prison outbreak. this expansion wasn’t announced, nor even hinted at. why? gg: first, we see this kickstarter as something original and new for the game. season 2: prison outbreak is designed as a core game and as an expansion. you can play it as a standalone game and/or expand it with other zombicide products. it’s for new and veteran players alike. then, we wanted to make a little (big) surprise to all zombicide fans. the first kickstarter was a real blast for all of us. we would like to experience such a thrill again and share it with everyone. tgn: what are the main features of prison outbreak for a season 1 player? gg: claustropobia! we don’t really know what to talk about first, prison tiles or berserker zombies. they’re really tied to each other. prison tiles display tortuous alleys, small rooms and doors everywhere, filled with berserker zombies immune to ranged weapons. you have to think fast, foresee the improbable and jump into melee at every turn. this is like a modern dungeon where levers are replaced with switches to open or lock doors, use security rooms and reach secret areas. prison outbreak also contains six new survivors with their zombivor aspects. these survivors are really designed to act as a team, as their skills really complement each other. they’re precious assets to any zombicide team. missions featured in the rulebook form a campaign on their own, as survivors battle to turn a zombie-filled prison into a reliable shelter. many challenges await them, but they have new tools of the trade: riot shields, automatic shotguns, concrete saws and many more toys. there’s even an alternate ending. from a certain point of view we like to have and share, prison outbreak (and toxic city mall as well) introduce new features not listed on the box, nor in this interview, nor even in our minds. we think about new features for your imagination. tiles, tokens, equipment, numbered zombie cards and all content are tools for you to play and invent your own missions. we designed both these products to add a great value to the game but in the end, the best value may comes from you. and we like it that way, that’s the guillotine spirit. tgn: “season 1” and “season 2” really sounds like a tv show. we can hint the birth of a zombicide universe, a concept you already mentioned before. tell us a zombicide story! gg: you’re right, the “seasons” concept was inspired by tv shows. zombicide’s atmosphere is inspired by many things we like and we think of it as an expanding universe. we defined zombies’ true origin, stories and destinies for many survivors, even the way the zombicide world will evolve in the near and distant future. we won’t spoil these stories right now, as we want to share them with you on the long time. on the other hand, things are already written down, and others are evolving. ma’s shotgun from season 1, for example, was originally designed by crazy ned’s mother, an old lady with gunsmith skills and a fiery temper. this little story wrote itself down as we were designing missions for various purposes. tgn: so there will be a season 3? gg: we’re working on it right now *grin* tgn: does this kickstarter campaign hold more surprises you could talk us about? exclusive promo miniatures, perhaps? gg: the incoming kickstarter campaign sure holds many surprises. the classic ones include several promo survivor miniatures (and their zombivor aspects), additional zombies, zombie dogs and game items. less classic ones will surprise you and will expand the game in even more ways. and you can be part of it! we take special care to listen to customers and players. we introduced many player-induced changes in the game, and will do the same for this one. tgn: we already know about zombie fatties, runners and walkers. now, there are zombie dogs. what are their special features? gg: zombie dogs have simple rules, yet have a frightening impact on the game and players’ strategies. they are like runners with three actions instead of two, are targeted last in the priority order and, finally, have the nasty habit to enter the board in packs. see? we summarized your next nightmare in a single sentence. mwah ha ha. tgn: will there be more zombie types in the future? gg: we have many ideas and have already tested a few. the point is to find a balance between interest and complexity. in the end, yes, we intend to introduce at least another kind of zombie in zombicide. tgn: free content is published weekly on zombicide’s website. will it still be the case with all the incoming content? gg: yes. we hold a permanent mission contest called the “kyoko contest” - . using a open-source software called mapeditor, players can submit us original missions. if they surprise us with original and quality content, they are published for all to download. this is all free, and winners earn an exclusive kyoko miniature chosen between two models (survivor or zombivor). we will publish more designers’ notes as well, as we received very positive feedback about them. using them, players see more clearly the inner mechanics and use them to fine-tune their zombicide games to fit their tastes. finally, the website is the perfect place to publish survivors’ bios and stories about the zombicide universe. for more information about guillotine games and their incoming products, check their facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/guillotinegames
@adam: they have said the figures we're still due should be on the boat from china in late february, so odds are we will get them after the kickstarter starts (and likely ends).
oh man i cannot wait for this new kickstarter...better start saving money now!! has anybody else found zombicide too easy?  we've toughened it up by having one of the characters start on the yellow instead of blue, and pulling a few zombie cards before the first player turn.  we have also randomly tossed a few zombies onto the board to start or moved doors to more difficult to get to locations.  any other tips?
more stuff...now!
i can't wait for both of the expansions! bring on the new kickstarter!
is the new kickstarter going up before we get our new hero/zombie figures? :/
http://www.tabletopgamingnews.com/2013/02/08/69596/ for those not linked into the social media.
something to share project: s.e.r.a. - original sci-fi series  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
hey everyone! i just wanted to pop in here to let you all know that we do still check in on older projects periodically, but if you have any questions or concerns it's best if you email us directly at kickstarter@coolminiornot.com.  thanks so much for your support. we all hope you're still enjoying zombicide!
btw - love my zombicide ... high quality product all 'round !
@joe ... there are some reasonably good speed painting demos on youtube ... a couple of "artists" to look for are girlpainter, thepaintingclinic, studiomcvey,schnauzerfaceminis ... well, okay, that was more than a few. the cmon painting and zombicide forums are pretty good for general advice as well.
is there a painting guide to these suckers anywhere? anyone have any shots they want to share? i've slowly been working my way through the survivors but think it's going to be a base coat and wash for the zombies.
crap. can a moderator remove that message...it's for the wrong kickstarter :( sorry.
http://frpnet.net/images/stories/alumni_balor_3rd.jpg wondering if the wings will be large like that :) sanjay
i just moved to start december.  where do i update my address with you guys to ensure i still get my future minis with zombicide?
wish all people here a merry xmas & happy new year!  ^_^
i think that would be hella expensive... and i've never seen mass pre-painted figures that actually look decent.
ever thought of starting another kickstarter project with all figure pre-painted?
pics going up anywhere?
i got my painted set today.  aaron and his staff are amazing painters.
@boundless all of the following has an estimated delivery date of q2 2013: - the zombie counterparts to the 3 original promo survivors (nick, el cholo and dave) - eagle / zombie eagle - cardboard tube samurai / zombie cts - troy / zombie troy - for us-backers that got the game early: the t-shirt - all of the optional survivors (eva, marvin, ivy and claudia) and their zombie counterparts so we are indeed just waiting and you did not got overlooked. in addition you forgot that as abomination backer you will also receive zombie versions of nick, el cholo and dave.
so at the abomination level i'm suppose to get 1 eagle / zombie eagle, 1 cardboard tube samurai / zombie cts, 1 troy / zombie troy and a t-shirt right? are we just waiting for these? or did they overlook me in this? or am i reading it wrong?
did anyone see kingdom death : monster ks?
there are quite a few new official missions here - http://guillotinegames.com/en/gamestuff there are also amended versions of 2 of the missions around somewhere (they don't appear to be on that page). if you go to the coolminiornot zombicide forum there are loads of custom characters and faqs.
ok, so, we've been playing zombiecide relentlessly, have played almost all the missions.... there was promise of an online community.... a place to download more missions, more character specs.... discuss it and such.... has such an online community been established? we have thoughts, questions, vaugueness to rules and are looking for more missions.
@ teik chooi oh i got a e-mail last week saying it still not turned up and they could resend it if i paid $25 for shipping, which i decided to do, its now on its way. i hope they can find me this time.
about painted sets:  i got part of mine a couple of weeks ago.  it had the figures fromt he basic box plus the three extra survivors but did not have the extra zombies from the abomination pack which are supposed to be included.  chern said those will ship in february... what did ship arrived int he battlefoam trays, and some wonderful person stuffed each figure filled compartment with cotton balls.  you can expect to spend a lot of time trying to get the cotton off the figures and i gave up trying to get the fibers completely out of the foam.  they are really embedded in the foam.   maybe this is whining, but it does annoy me.
@eric nielsen   i am in the same situation, i have tried multiple contacts through different channels and no response either. it's been about 3 weeks since i first started, hopefully someone hears something soon.
has anyone who pledged for a painted set received any information about when those will ship?  it says october, obviously they missed that.  i've asked them in pms and in direct emails. but no response in several weeks.
@justin cartwright > an expansion is already planned and expected somewhere around summer 2013. it's called toxic mall, we don't know much yet except there will be toxic zombies, and the zombie version of the survivors. one of the creators also confirmed there would be pvp in one expansion. not sure it will be on this one ! you can see pictures of the new minis on the guillotine games facebook page.
andrew, try marbella 'at' coolminiornot 'dot' com as she has been helpful in evaluating my options which resolved with my full paypal refund of $140 (minus postage) today. like you, mine never turned up and company stated that postal office said i did not collect game when i never got any notice to collect it! i could have paid for it to be re-shipped but decided to get my money back when that option was made available.
i am stikll waiting on mine to arive, this company ha sthe worst customer service, no reply to any e-mails in a month....
started playing the game last week and loved it! what would the chances be of an expansion for the game? the one thing i'd push for, is more variety with the scavenge/equipment cards! cheers! justin
@teik chooi oh. have you heard anything else from them? i have not had a email reply for 2 weeks.
frank, go to teh pledge manager https://ckpm.coolminiornot.com  if you dont remember you password jut sclick the forgot password button. they will send you a new one. after that when you log in you can update your address.
@coolminiornot hey guys, i've moved since the kickstarter campaign ended, how can i make sure my expansion mini's are sent to the proper address?
@andrew newton sigh i am in the same 'boat' so to speak since coolmini said apparently my copy has returned to them. i never received any notification from local delivery companies (and do receive them all for other kickstarters) so am not sure why this happened. they have been slow to respond so far other than saying they are looking into it. just want my game or if not, a full refund!
no halloween update?
just stated painting my zombies for not panting miniatures before they are fun to paint.
@teik chooi oh, i still not got mine yet, i have raised this with coolmini or not, and apparently they company tried to contactme for customs charges, but i have had no e-mail or card through the door stating this. i am still awaiting a response from coolmini or not and have sent a 3rd email today. realy want my copy hope it gets here soon.
for any of you who have enough unpainted minis coming - there is actually a kickstarter with some cool pre-painted minis going on now. one of the very few for painted minis on ks. you can also get their sets unpainted, but i have all there sets they have released so far, and the paint jobs are pretty good. "dungeon crawler minis (dcm) :: tidal wave redeux" or click on my name and its under the projects i have supported.
@teik most people in europe received their games over a month ago. what does the tracking info you got from cmon say about the status of your package?
anyone in u.k. got their copies yet? i have not :( and i see it's being released at the shops soon too
finally got around to starting to paint my abomination package, started with dr. sheldon cooper zombie hunter: http://realminis.blogspot.com/2012/10/i-give-you-dr-sheldon-cooper-zombie.html
played with my gf. i liked it, she loved it : "it's the best boardgame i've ever played!"
@alex landing that set looks really nice. i think you should have no problem getting your money back as it is alreay at $859 and 30 bidders with almost two days to go...:)
i finished up painting one of my sets take a look, trying to pay for the one i want to keep for myself http://www.ebay.com/itm/ws/ebayisapi.dll…
i've played the game multiple times now with multiple people and each of them has gone away loving the game and wondering where they can get their own copy.
just played my copy of zombicide. it's fun.
i believe this: http://www.coolminiornot.com/shop/media/catalog/product/r/u/rus4-zombicide.jpg  is a ravage magazine exclusive scenario. there might be more exclusive scenarios in this latest issue. check it out.
http://guillotinegames.com/en/gamestuff 2 new mission for our main char -	 mission: roundabout ned has a hint to his bunker's key location : at an old friend's home. it located near a roundabout. the drivers are waiting for them. - mission: wanda's revenge no one will notice a missing zombie or two. the apocalypse is also a nice time to settle old grudges... and wanda knows it. enter the chainsaw!
my set arrived today! so sweet :-) no customs duties to be paid. you all need to move to australia ;-)
i received my set today. had to pay €26,57 ($34,29) for customs.
got my set today. 23 days in costums. and i had to pay 65$ to get it. but looking forward to trying the game. but i will think twice before backing a project not shipping from within the eu
@michael austin... drop cool mini or not an e-mail... expect some delay on the return... but if anyone can grant you that... is they... also they allowed people change their mind a lot even after the project had been funded...
some pictures of my painted zombicide game http://s1056.photobucket.com/albums/t369/jhghendriks/zombicide/
does anyone know whether backers are able to change their minds and order any of the additional promo survivors (eva, claudia, marvin,  ivy) since they ship with the expansion?
@steve ah, thanks for the info.
t-shirt came with the game when it arrived. if you are in the us, then yours will be coming with the phase 2 shipment stuff in march next year.
@steve when did you get your t-shirt?
@sean, i'm not from the uk, but i'm pretty sure £19 is what most people from the uk paid.
i was hit for £19.45 - who else in the uk got hit by customs and what was your amount?  just to see if the same?
i got the t-shirt. haven't even opened it to be honest.
did anyone get a t-shirt yet?
£20? ouch...
@ sean yep.  i think quite a few of us did.  it seems as if the first few got through, and then customs wised up and the rest of us got clobbered
did anyone get customs hit for £20 in the uk when it was delivered?
made my first custom survivor http://i218.photobucket.com/albums/cc161/centinull/zombicide/survivoradam_zpsd25d802e.jpg
stellar work duncan! i've had very good luck communicating with cmon, responses have always been within 24 hours. keep up the good work guys, hope to see a fantasy project from you in the future!
@duncan - nice paint work, love to see your zombies when finished !
@paul murray i think we are all getting used to the miscomunication problems of coolminiornot and guillotinegames the always prompt response to whatever issues appear makes an amazing make up. i've ended up upset before because of the t-shirt customs problem. but i got to admit these guys are ever excedding and exerting themselves to give us the best they can. way to go! i'm very glad that i 've took part on this kickstarter; can't wait for that so called expansion.
just to give credit where it's due, i e-mailed cmon last week to let them know that a couple of the components of my zombicide set were damaged.  within 24 hours of the complaint arriving replacement parts had been well packaged and put in the first class international post to me.  no queries, no argument, no problem. communications were a bit of an issue, mind you.  it took 3 different e-mails across the course of a week to get them to talk to me and let me know what they were doing about it.  however, given a choice between a supplier who talks the talk and a supplier who walks the walk, i'll take the latter. well done, cmon, and thanks.
already finished painting my characters - love this game! onto the zombie horde next http://www.tartanpaint.info/2012/09/17/zombiecide-painting-begins/
new map to download and play plus app for zombicide now on ipad. http://guillotinegames.com/en/gamestuff
nevermind - found the crackhouse font
i was looking for a good font for the character/equipment cards and could not find one similar to that used in the production game. was it mentioned somewhere in the 71 updates or has someone found something just as good?
well its already for general sale on the cmon website, not sure when they are giving it to other distributors or if they already have.
well mine is here and worth the wait. the extra zombies from the abomination box are being painted so i can get started on painting and still play. only problem now the local games store wants to know when it will be in general distribution? after spiel in essen?
it looked very high quality, but the corner of my zombicide box is starting to rip open already and i've only opened it twice. :( not a big problem for the functionality of the game i guess but i'll have to sticky tape it to stop it tearing further and it won't look as good.
regardless of any problems (perceived or otherwise) the people have had in relation to this kickstarter, there is no doubting the sheer quality of this game. from the packing, to the box, to the minis, to the rules, i am not sure that i have come across a better built/higher quality game. and you can quote me on that ! :-)
got mine a little while ago and i have to say i am blown away!! i did not expect the game to be this much fun and nor did i expect the build quality to be this high but you guys have out done yourself and have left me happily surprised . can't wait for the extras to come next year. let me know if there is any new add-ons that you guys will be making for this game. thanks a lot guys.
mine arrived today, i don't know what the customs charges of £11.19 were based on, i'm guessing total price as the packing slip listed the contents as £30 for the products and £57 for postage and fees... i was so eager to get my stuff that i almost lost my 2nd set of glow in the dark dice (they were hiding in the packing peanuts!!) it's a shame that the abomination tray won't fit neatly into the box along with the other trays. i like the fact that you can leave the mini's in the trays and just lower the trays into the box, nice and tidy and saves you searching among your zombies for a runner!!
i got it!! it's fantastic!  thank you guys!!!!  perfect service damn job... no time to play now! ;-)
the game is awesome, thanks very guys
@madwizz: i'm in stockholm, and i got mine late last week. just finished my first game. it's worth the wait ^^
iam still waiting for my game here in sweden.
ummm well that was interesting reading for sure.... ok on to my question how can i get the zombicide battle foam? checked their site nothing
@cameron my undertanding is that whenever you draw a spawn card, for whatever reasons, you follow the spawn rules. if you draw a "manhole" card while populating a building the zombies spawn outside and if you draw an "extra activation" card (or run out of zombie models to place) the zombies will immediately get an extra activation. @cmon good to see that several of your posts have been removed as they have been very unprofessional. i also hope that you have apologized to theresa for your actions.
im talking about if draw the card which activated the walkers, fattys or runners while placing the zombies.
@ cameron: how do you "ignore the results of zombies getting an extra turn"? you open the door, place the zombies, then continue with the rest of the player's turn. the zombies get their turn as normal after the survivors have finished.
when opening a door and placing any new zombies inside the building, so you ignore the results of zombies getting an extra turn, or does that create an extra turn (leaving the possibility of zombies rushing out of the room and immediately doing damage?
oh wow !  cmon that was very bad form putting personal information of one of your backers in the public domain !
i need to amend my last comment, it would appear that my boxes may be in the country. the usps tracking page states it passed through an australian sort facility this weekend.  nothing else needs amending though.
@theresa "should we bring up professionalism again?" you could, but unfortunately i really do not think that it would make any difference.  even if (hypothetically) you ignored every communication from cmon, purposely refused to reply to any attempt by cmon to contact you and in fact you actively tried to do everything you could to make life difficult for them (and please note i'm speaking hypothetically here), even if you did behave like this, there is no excuse, absolutely none, for putting your tracking information and private email on a public forum without your permission.   that at the least deserves an unreserved apology. reminds me of their earlier behaviour when someone raised the issue that the painted sets were not painted by aaron lovejoy even though the pledge level stated "this set will be painted by aaron lovejoy, multiple golden demon winner".  now the guy that raised the issue hadn't pledged for a painted set so cmon replied with "and now, no more time wasting on comments from uninterested parties" to quote mark keedwell, "problems happen but you deal with it beter” way better. personally i’m still waiting on my copies to arrive in australia, they are not (to the best of my knowledge) even in the country yet.
after waiting for a long while i finally got my box of zombicide today after i return from work.
@coolmint that wasnt the smartest way to deal to with theresa complaint ,  i know problems happen but  you deal with it beter
also, you just shared my e-mail and my tracking information with everyone here. should we bring up professionalism again?
well, if you had cared enough about my complaints to read them, you'd see i've had no problem receiving your pms. in fact, i've been talking back and forth with you for weeks, but i guess the fact that you have 5000 backers means you're not responsible for the many of us with legitimate complaints (and yes, there are many of us, as can easily be witnessed by anyone following this comment section). your staff has personally guaranteed service to me that has not been provided. not until you just posted it in the comments section here, at least. yes, i was guaranteed an automated message about the tracking number, and yes, there could have been an error there. where you failed was when you guaranteed your personal attention on the matter when your automated system failed and it was reported to you over and over again. apparently apologizing for that is "not how you roll" though. i guess that means supporting your future projects just isn't how i roll.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
theresa, i won't argue with you.  you may just be the unique case out of 5000 backers who we somehow could not reach with an automated system, via personal direct email or kickstarter pm.  it looks like even kickstarter has problems getting a hold of you since you don't receive pm notifications. i would suggest getting a new email provider - the service you are using is not renowned for accuracy in spam filtering - we've done all we can on our end.  as for disrespect, well, we can hardly sincerely apologize for something that isn't our fault, can we?  that's not how we roll.
@cmon - "communication only works if both of us are listening" that is absolutely true. i guess i have to ask why it took me over half a dozen e-mails for me to be listened to. also, i have no restrictions on my e-mail. i have checked my inbox and junk e-mail everyday for weeks. there has not been a single e-mail confirming that my pledge is "about outside my door".  that tracking may have been available on your end, but i was never supplied with that information. it's hard to listen when one side is completely silent. even if by some odd twist of fate someone hacked into my e-mail and erased any proof of your statement, the fact that it took this many attempts to have the problem fixed and the kind of disrespect shown in your response shows a real lack of professionalism.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
ok. my patience has completely run out with this project. after half a dozen e-mails just confirming that i actually ordered zombicide, i am still left without any indication that it has/will ever be shipped to me. first, i had to confirm my pledge level on three separate occasions, because there was an error in kickstarter that showed i had ordered two copies of abomination. every time i sent an e-mail to confirm just one copy, the reaction was the same- cmon was going to fix it. that apparently never happened. the next two e-mail were to confirm that my copy was going to be shipped. i was told a week ago that i would receive a tracking number and zombicide would be shipped by monday of this week. apparently neither happened. i was among the first in the kickstarter line for zombicide. i've sat patiently as i've seen international backers and coolstuffinc customers both receive their copies before me. i've stayed optimistic after being sent guarantee after guarantee that my complaints had been heard and fixed. normally i wouldn't make such a complaint in an open forum, but perhaps if this issue is made public cmon will care enough about saving face to finally take serious action. member of my game group have all  taken part in many kickstarter projects and all agree this is by far the worst service they've seen. i'm afraid i'm done being "silent" on the matter.
did i count wrong or did we get 2 extra runners? and the extra tiles pack doesnt have the green/blue objective markers =(
mine arrived today (uk) having cleared customs - looks like charges were on base gam excluding abomination cost. played tutorial, great stuff!
anybody notice the dirty harry zombie in there
octavio: same here. now that i tried the game, i wish i had gotten the extra tiles, and all the extra survivors as well.
my first couple of games went really well, and a few friends have the desire to buy the game themselves now... me, i'm regretting not putting in the money for marvin, and wondering if its far too late to fix that mistake :p
i hear marvin and eva are getting redesigned?  is claudia as well?  i can't seem to find her artwork in any of the updates either.
finally got mine today.  so happy.  looks amazing. anyone know how to get the new promo survivor?  other than using the map editor?
troels i played that way first game wondered when abomination came out out lost anyway lol
@mark keedwell: *facepalm* oh.. well that must've certainly made the game a bit easier.
aaaaaah....sniffing a fresh boardgame...it's good to be a nerd!
@radek: i got lucky i guess...the note said i need to bring the invoice and proof of what i paid. luckily i upped my pledge after kickerstarter ended...for exactly 30 $ ... which is what the "invoice" says. i brought both the invoice and the paypal mail of the 30$ payment to cmon. they asked me about shipping costs and i said  "i dont know exactly around 10-15 $" ... paid 7 € "einfuhrumsatzsteuer" in the end. you could try with only the invoice from the pledge manager and mb it will satisfy them...otherwise im afraid you will have to pay 19% on your full pledge. i wish you good luck
@bastian and how did it go?
is anyone else having trouble getting through to cmon right now?  i sent them a message via the "contact me" button below 3 days ago, and followed that up with a copy of the message direct to their own website 2 days ago (about some quality problems with some of my zombicide components), but i've had no response to either.  is their e-mail down, does anyone know?
@steve that's excellent news for you. :) good gaming!
well, mine was never trackable on the auspost website but usps tracking info says it was delivered this morning! i'll have to go via my parents house on the way home to grab it. :)
had a few games now, and it's so much fun. thanks cmon, great work!
@denny, zombie versions are coming in the next wave.
@bastian please let me know whether it worked out. pledged with two friends for triplet, one of them is getting nervous and nearly calling it a day rather than pay custom fees for the games and all the bonus stuff we ordered. hopefully there will be no need for custom affairs when the rest arrives in april.... :/
@  troels thats the abomination piece hope you  played him ;p
just played through my first two games tonight. this game is completely awesome! one thing i can't seem to find the rulebook though. what does the plus symbol on the fatties mean on some zombie cards?
@radek: will get mine from customs tomorrow...note said there was no invoice on the outside of the package...mb it got lost....hope the printout will be enough
mine arrived while i was out of town. everything seems to be there, but i'm just wondering if the zombie versions of the 3 extra survivors(nick, dave, and el cholo) were included in this wave of shipping, or am i reading something wrong?
mine has arrived yesterday. everything is in prestine condition and the game looks great. now i am really looking forward to the next shipment with all the additional miniatures.
my copy has arrived. unfortunately at the german customs. i hate them so much. hopefully they will accept the invoice cmon have send me.  anyone from germany who already picked it up showing only the invoice?
had a quick solo on the tutorial, dave got a molotov and blew those zombies away! i also had a few turns of the first scenario, got so into it i forgot to count each zombie kill!! too much fun with an smg! cheers guillotine games and cmon! great ks, and excellent product!
congrats on zombicide listing in the cmon store. its now available to buy for $89. its great to see a kickstarter project get onto the shelves. i was hoping to have played a game or two by the time the game was available for retail, but patience is a virtue and i am being virtuous (although not through choice), so congrats none the less.
thanks for the info, popski! auspost still says product not trackable, but i'll keep an eye there as usps said it hit aus yesterday. was expecting to get it this week given it was posted priority, but starting to think i may have to wait until next week...
already have a couple of great stories from playing this game, including doug being an amazing sniper, taking out the spawns, then runners getting and extra turn card and he gets munched right before hitting the lvl cap to win the game!
@popski - lucky you!  my tracking number shows that my parcel was not posted until the 5th of september and might still be in miami somewhere (if i'm reading the usps page correctly). even if it has left miami it definitely is not anyway near australia yet.  *sad face*
@steve, my tracking has kicked into auspost now. http://auspost.com.au/track/ same tracking number.
@cory, its because thats how the layout of the plastic trays ended up, was much easier for them to just put in an extra tray rather than remove 2 from each set.
anticipated ship date aug 8, 2012 - still waiting!
mine arrived today, very happy. mildly confused though, as i thought we were supposed to get 22 runners, but there are 24. i'm glad they rounded up, feels like a free unexpected bonus.
mine arrived today, all is well :)
maybe someone can help me out. the shipping status says: "germany / customs clearance processing complete" so does it mean it's already passed the customs and gonna be handed over to a parcel service or is it still possible to get the local customs office?
mine arrived today (canada). zero customs hassles and no extra fees. everything looks amazing. looking forward to playing tonight and i can't wait for the other promo survivors next year. thanks for the great game and the excellent shipping.
someone from germany here who got lucky and got the game without custom hustle?
@radek: i have no idea. truth be told, i am a bit shocked that they are allowed to do that.
got mine yesterday - customs payment handled on my behalf by parcelforce in the uk, i then had to repay them via their website before they will deliver a benefit they charge me an extra £8 handling fee for. so £11 tax + £8 handling fee is £19. thats a moan at parcelforce not cmon, i'm deliighted with the game and its contents, happy with the delivery leadtimes and belive this kickstarter has lived upto its promises. my only conudrum now is wether to paint before i get my group of gaming buddies over to play it or have a playthrough then paint.
@troels how can they access your bank info? wow, thats pretty heavy stuff. i think i would go mad if the german customs had the right to check my personal data like bank transfers without my permission.
played a bit last night.  i now call this game "that time we were all eaten by zombies".  it is really, really fun, though.
got mine this morning (reunion island), no charge on abomination. not always this lucky with customs. really a good surpise and a nice game.
allan: my tracking info showed "withheld in customs clearance", then i received a mail asking for the invoice. i replied to the mail with the invoice from ckpm, but they chose to ignore it and look at my bank transactions instead. i was told that i could complain about this, but i don't think i'll bother as i want to play it now ;) otherwise, i'd have to wait 14 days again.
att: troels larsen. im a (concerned) danish backer too... how do you know if your caught by customs? my tracking info seem like ive got through, but how will i know for sure? everyone: maybe its just cause i havn't been here for a while, but whats the current status regard the extra campaign? when can we expect its release and how?
mine got caught in customs. thanks for the invoice of $30, but those fiends at customs can access my banking info and have seen that i transferred $105, which means that i have to pay 25% of that. word of warning to all danish backers. next time, use paypal credits.
this games starts of nice and slow moving around killing  a few zombies off  every round then it goes crazy .
got mine yesterday. anyone who insisted on a refund should facepalm themselves.
my game seems to have taken a week from elctronic tracking infor received to the box first being scanned, and now nearly another full week sitting in the sort facility in the us.... i know uk people were getting better tracking info from a local company, anyone know if there is a website in aus to put the tracking info into for more detail? i tried australia post with no luck.
do anyone feel these can be somehow use in in the game? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dreamforge-games/something-wicked-this-way-comes-crusader-plastic-m
login tracking number. only shown detail 3 days ago. not able to confirm? walking around the house waiting. *_*
received in montreal, canada.  no customs charge on triplets.
[sarcasm]yeah, thanks for the £11.12 customs charge and the £8. clearance fee (which i told you would happen about 4 months ago and asked for you to sort out the customs fees the same way that mcvey studios have with sedition wars)[/sarcasm]
mine is scheduled for delivery 2moro! got nabbed for customs tax, greedy gits charged me a handling charge which was nearly as much as the tax itself, charge me for doing their job? as if it was an inconvenience? oh well, it was only £20 total in the end, luckily avoided with the rest of my kickstarters.  bring on tomorrow!
w00t just got mine ... and got to say it was well worth it ... now to wait for the next load of goodies to come ...  :d
mmz, my package arrived at customs yesterday in the netherlands. guess that means i'm screwed and will have to pay heaps extra and will have to wait a while longer before it arrives here. argh!
@icematt12 as long as ivy and marvin are in the style of them i will be happy they dont have to the the excate  likeneess
mine just arrived (uk), lovely miniatures, really looking forward to taking it home and trying it out.
hopefully the package will arrive at my door and not at the customs to pick up. seems in germany it's a 50-50 chance since someone already posted his package arrived without taxes.  tracking status hasn't been updated for days so it's still somewhere out there ;)
i think they could even charge you the retail value and top it with the $59 postage costs...at least according to german import laws...don't know if the ones in uk differ much. i sure hope customs here are in a good mood when my package comes through ..
@redek: ah yes your right about the sedition wars, my mistake. although i find it a little bit dissapointed. but anyways it has arrived, that's what is important.
@james they are charging the declared value of $30 but they are added on the $59 postage costs as well because import charges apply to postage, not just the contents.
look like hmrc (uk customs) are using the retail rate to calculate vat. realised it was to high to be declared and to low to be pledged amount then worked it back from what was charged and it came to $89usd. does raise questions about how kickstarter pledges fits into import laws as its not actually a purchase but a donation according to the site (iirc).
well, if eva and marvin are getting redesigns i would hope that people who chose those have options about changing that or a refund. eva purchaser myself but if i don't like the design i wouldnt want her.
mine showed up today, brisbane australia.  got so excited i started painting survivors right away.  done 6 of the 9, only have phil, wanda and doug left before i start on the zombies!
woho just got an update...seems they flew it via airmail from the netherlands to a german airport... ...funny fact...that airport is thrice as far away from the netherlands than my home adress. great logistics...it took them 5 days...i couldve gotten it in 5 hours and wouldve been back in time for lunch -.-
no zombicide for me yet t_t  tracking information hasn't been updated for 5 days now ... still stuck somewhere in the netherlands...which should be like 200-300 km from here -.-
@matthias they never said they going to ship from the eu. sorry.  sedition war gonna be shipped from within the eu, not zombicide. this one is shipped straigt from the us. unfortunate customs hustle. i know. sorry for that. hope i don't have to pick up mine from the german customs...
if i remember right in your faq, you were going to ship from eu so that we didn't get charged. i had to pay an extra 26,94 euro at customs (belgium).
just picked mine up here in christchurch. really pleased with how the game looks and feels! the box, manual and minis are all really high quality and good stock, doesn't feel cheap in any way :d really impressed with how it was shipped too! sorting out some play nights now
had my big box of zombies waiting for me when i came home from work today. everything looks great so far, very pleased. :) very glad i ordered the foam inserts that fit in the box, although it obviously won't fit in everything from the second part of the order. no worries as i have plenty of extra foam trays and shoulder bags to take care of the overflow. . i also wanted to compliment whomever designed the shipping carton for all this product. very nicely done and everything arrived in perfect condition, despite a banged up corner on the shipping box. one last thing. the zombicide box and those of the individual minis are also outstanding. very impressed with the quality all round.
just got 2 x abomination delivered to brisbane!!!! wooot. now to try to look like i'm working.
just got 2 x abomination delivered to brisbane!!!! wooot. now to try to look like i'm working.
terrence, they are shipping later ... check the home page  for details
maybe it would be simpler if there would be both a list of what i should have and what i should not yet have... i was at the $100 level and payed extra for eva, ivy, martin, and claudia. thanks!
oh, and also no zombie counterparts for the other 3.
i got my box today. no eva. ivy, marvin, or claudia. are they comming later?
finally got mine today (uk) and i have to say it is awesome. the promo survivor boxes are great for keeping all the survivors, tokens, dice and cards in as well, put everything in those and kept the zombies in the trays, all fits very nicely in the box.
the zombies hit new zealand yesterday morning. game looks great. cant wait to play a game this weekend.
payed customes charge when i got home from work £19.80 and is getting droped of  tomz carnt wait,wish i had some holiday time left.
marvin and even now have completely new descriptions (taken from official site) so looks like completely new characters which is a real shame. anyone able to work out who they are? old eva - eva duran - she's got a sword, and she knows how to use it!  this kickass survivor is something we'll start sculpting now and ship to you at the same time the zombie promo survivors go out!  just add $10 to your abomination and above pledge! new eva - inspired and gifted, eva was unsatisfied with her humble life as an accountant. being part of the rank and file was like being a zombie to her. so, in her spare time, eva danced, drew, sculpted and even took japanese fencing lessons. like everyone else, the zombie invasion changed eva’s life: acting normal is now a nonsense and she feels more alive than ever. extroverted and hyperactive, eva is a messenger between survivors groups. no way she’s going to give up on her old activities: her notebook is full of sketches and that sword sure comes in handy. old marvin - marvin redfield. marvin is a bodyguard, shuttling the rich and famous around.  always a professional, he's used to gently deflecting the advances of neglected wives or wealthy widows.... until one of his clients got a little too aggressive and had to be put down! now he's up to his eyeballs in mother-f***** zombies!  get him for $10 added to any abomination level or above pledge! ships the same time as the zombie promo survivors! new marvin -  "trust me and you’ll live." nowadays, marvin scouts the city trying to save as much people as possible. his legendary luck hasn’t left him and gives him an aura of “redemption angel”: some people pray to him and beg him to find their lost ones amidst the death vortex. marvin’s still cool: no way he’s going to become some kind of messiah. his dearest wish hasn’t changed since his childhood: all he wants is be left in peace.
guillotine games posted on: "eva and marvin are getting revamped" which is why all the art has been removed from kickstarter and the official site.  i presume this was due to legal issues as i am sure i have seen at least one of the sculpts and everyone was happy with it. @coolmini - do we know when the art for the new models is going to be available?  are they still based upon the same characters?
riverland south aus received it yesterday cracked it open while at work and manage to spark some customer interest too ha! looks amazing, unfortunately gastro also arrived yesterday for me so unable to play for the moment.
got mine 5 min before leaving for work! had a quick peek - it looks great!
got mine today, just about to break open the box :)
anyone from belgium received theirs? mine is stuck at the customs clearance since last friday and i fear for the worst d:
mine arrived in lismore, nsw today!  huzzah!..... but i only got four glow-in-dark dice not six...#sad face#.... do i bother about that? anyway it's time to get a game going!
got mine today in wollongong, australia. great fun once you get the hang of it.
nada for us in brisbane, tomorrow maybe.
my arrived at work this morning, fanfuckingtastic!
went out for a walk with the girlfriend and came home to find zombies in my backyard (adelaide hills,australia) about 15 minutes ago ,freakin' awesome. even talked her into a game later tonight after she's done some psych thesis work,huzzah! hope anyones who's waiting gets theirs in the next day or two,when you open it,it'll have been worth the wait.
from the tracking site i see my parcel cleared canada customs this morning.  hopefully i'll get it later this week.
looks like brisbane orders are coming through, just came home to a delivery note and it can't be anything else.
nevermind, he fell on the floor in the kitchen... great looking game guys!
package received today in sydney, australia. looks amazing, but i can't seem to find dave? i have his character sheet, but no figure. he was supposed to be in this first shipment, right?
@ben yes, same email.
@rand: mb your game is already on the way despite the usps tracking information. i have the same information on the usps tracking site but when i enter the tracking number to my national delivery company i got more information on its current location
@paul when it's ready it gets e-mailed to you by cmon. if you think you should have had it by now then send them a message on here. do you still use the same e-mail account you signed up to the pledge manager for?
who do i contact for tracking number information?  all my friends have received their copies, but so far i haven't seen mine.
login tracking number . damm my game is still in us ... *_* now in isc miami fl (usps)
@isbiten who e-mailed you?
customs only get £11, the other 8 goes to parcelforce who automatically pay customs as a handling fee basically. just hope the stuff sent 2013 has no fees attached.
@ben they charge you customs charges on the shipping as well which is where the extra £6ish comes from.
o and ben clapperton bandits can charge what thay want to pass there bridge :(
i am waiting for the letter with the parcel force customs payment number according to the website thay got the parcel on thursday ,i tryed phoneing yesterday but none would answer the liverpool office.
really strange. got an email that says the package was delievered on the 9th of june. this cannot be correct? but no notice from the postal office  of it at all :(. what do i do? who do i contact?
why is the uk customs charge £19 when the value given on the package is only $30? i had to pay £15 for my brushfire stuff and they listed the value as $60.
package arrived last week, exactly as ordered. looking forward to the rest of the figures in q2 of 2013!
uk backer here, got the tracking number, contacted parcel-force and paid the £19 customs charge, delivered on tuesday. one thing though, i changed the delivery address at the last minute (between us shipping and uk starting) and its being delivered to the pre-change address, not a big deal, infact its better for me, but if you did the same i'd contact parcel-force to confirm. note: the pdf in the ckpm refers to my changed address not the one that the package is being delivered to.
hailing from uk have just paid my customs charge of 19 quid - can barely await tuesday!! delivery day!!!
got mine in norway.  no need to pay extre tax. thanks guys for that extra service :)  this is not only a exelent game but also a company with top service.
checked my tracking status yesterday to see a customs charge pending, so i got the parcelforce tracking number from their website (just drop in the usps number into the parcelforce tracking box and it gives you the details) and rang them up to pay it off. the very nice lady on the phone said she'd mark it for delivery on monday for me, but lo and behold, knock on my door 20 minutes ago and there it was. though quite how they managed to misspell my surname as "kanes", when it was all entered digitally (and correctly, i had to double check) i don't know. either way, it's here now and i'm looking forward to cracking it open and having a play after breakfast!
i had my delivered yesterday (australia). i put aside everything i was doing for an instant unboxing. the overall quality of the game components is really good. i'm not 100% sure that the plastic for the models was the best choice, but it works and is easy enough to clean up. have managed to get 3 solo games in so far. really looking forward to getting the mates over for a bit of zombie stomping action.
sigh, my game has been sitting in the miami sort facility for the past 8 days now... usps sucks... they're either really slow, or aren't updating when it leaves the facility.
got mine in hong kong today! no time to unbox yet, but super excited nonetheless!
mine arrived today, so happy thanks heaps guys, cant wait for the second wave! are the extra sets of dice in the second wave?
tracking number received today. damm my game is still in us ...  service - priority mail international parcels . status of your item - depart usps sort facility date & time - september 06, 2012 . location - atlanta, ga 30320  . features - international parcels
@ben you can also give them a call if you want to double check it's there, it's what i did.
@ben if you are in the uk, just goto your local parcelforce depot tomorrow, it will be there and you can pay over the counter, you dont need the card, just your postcode and proof of id
gah, customs! the annoying thing is i can see it's in customs and i'm ready to pay online to release it but i can't until the post office get round to putting a card through my door telling me i need to pay.
mail came and still no zombiecide here in california. still havent got a tracking number, are all copy's sent?
just got the game today!  playing it in about 30 minutes, can't wait.
just received mine quebec, canada, all complete.
@theresa according to our pledge manager, you're asking us for $240 worth of stuff, having pledged for $100.  please check your pms or emails, we've been trying to get a hold of you to fix this - we can't ship you until that's settled.
still waiting on mine in iowa, usa.  balllllllssss!  maybe i should just go on coolstuff to get my copy... it'd be here before the kickstarter one!
received the huge box. very happy to receive even happier with the comtents... this game is immense and truly awesome. great job people!
good thing about tracking going out late... received my tracking number with the following info. received at rio de janeiro (cleared customs) no extra taxes yay!!! sent to vitoria (where i live yahoo) now sadly because brazil got independed a september 7... i will have to wait for the po until next week but i expect it very early... barely can't contain the excitment.
i'm too still waiting for my copy. just asking anyone in asia got there set yet?
amazed with the effort put into this packaging , truly amazing. what are he extra cards with the abomination for? do i shuffle them in if using him and the other extras?
picked up my copy from the post office this morning :) looking forward to playing it!
11.80 vat and 8 pounds for the parcel force handling charges!!! 8 quid just to pick it up myself. fact is i am too excited to care :-)
yep, uk customs are so high as they apply to postage costs as well which meant that i have paid £1 more in customs then the item was valued at and all because the value was 80p over the threshold.  will hopefully have my copy to hand in next couple hours!
i didn't have to pay customs charges on mine. note that (here in ireland) charges aren't just on the cost of the item but also the postage. mine was about $30 for zombicide, $60 for postage, so charges would be based on $90, not $30.
also just cleared customs in uk. no mention of charges, exciting :)
looked at tracker i have been charged by customs just waiting on the custom letter to find out the charge
also, @sam, £19!! that's mental. the invoice only says $30 on it, we're paying as much to customs as we "paid" (as far as they're concerned) for the package.
still waiting for mine here in the usa. i think i may get sedition wars before zombicide!
mine arrived today (cork, ireland) with apparently no customs charge. yay! got my tracking number around about the same time package was delivered. :)
balls, arrived in the uk this morning, 14 hours later they decide they're going to charge me. . .
@bart: sry i have no idea...i would just try out the online tracking of the possible couriers...tnt nl e.g.
bastian, how can i find out what my dutch delivery company is? i have no idea what they'll use...
woohoo! map editor now available here http://guillotinegames.com/en/blog-map-editor
i hate mondays ;) was  looking forward to play this weekend =( still dont get it why they needed 7 days from miami to europe...mb they stuck it to a bird or something. @ bart: try your tracking number with your dutch delivery company...mb u get more information on where it is now...you could play with mine meanwhile...could be collecting dust in a depot next door ;p
its in the uk apparently cleared customs without a charge (we'll see) customs clearance processing complete september 07, 2012, 12:45 am great britain at least its close looks like a monday delivery :)
tracking number received today. miami (usps) facility on september 05, 2012 at 9:13 pm. the item is currently in transit to the destination. i guess that means my package is on its way to the netherlands. i guess i'll have to wait until next week to receive it :-(
tracking number is here. and i found out my package had already arrived, but my post office didn't notify me. will pick it up today.
well packaged and everything looks totally awesome and 2 hours ago i get my tracking number (bit late for that)
argh! mine is en route to the local depot with a £19.80 customs charge. don't mind the charge but won't get it until monday!!
paid my customs charge (uk) and thought if i'm paying that i might as well pay for saturday delivery as well, so i should be getting mine tomorrow! for uk folk you do not need your customs letter to be able to pay the charges, just phone up parcel force with your tracking number and when it asks for your customs reference number just don't do anything and after three tries you'll be put through to a person who will do it all for you. an extra £12 for saturday delivery though, but i figured if i'd paid £125+£20 in charges already, might as well pay another £12.
got mine a couple of days ago in switzerland, and it's a beauty! so much to play with! ;) paid custom duties through the nose, though, for a change, but through no fault of cmon. and i got the tracking email today.
you can pay customs charges by cash or card direct at the depot when you collect btw, most pc depots are open til 7pm
customs charges paid over phone. not around to take delivery next week but the lady i spoke to said i can pick up from depot tonight or tomorrow but will have to wait for customs charges to change to paid on the system which takes a while.
@gavin yes i called customer services to sort out my parcel.
just received my copy in the uk, had to pay £19 customs charges, so i suspect some of the people still waiting in the uk will find their package is stuck in customs or has just been passed to parcel force out of customs. it looks like its hit and miss whether you will get charged or not, cmon ticked the gift box and put the value at $30, however gift doesnt apply between companies and individuals, only individual to individual, so depending which customs per inspects your package may determine how quickly you get it and if you have to pay. i see tracking number emails are still coming out, if your in the uk and dont have one yet you can get it by calling the parcelforce customer services number, skipping past all the automated stuff to speak to a person, give them your postcode and tell them you are expecting a parcel from the us but dont have a ref number, they can search via postcode on their internal system.
zombicide. reducing productivity in geeks since 2012.
i just received my tracking number. apparently its already been sorted in australia so i should get it early next week. i'm in central qld.
@richard. i am on the parcel force site and have their reference but it won't accept it on the online customs payment page. did you call to get the customs reference?  thanks
received mine today in australia - outer melbourne - looks great :d well done guys.
richard - i've been trying to get the info about my charges - i've managed to get an ec... number, but it's not in the right format for the charges page...
@gavin meakings. if you put the usps tracking number into parcelforce website it will give you their ec....... tracking number. you can use this to find out or pay the charges. assuming you are uk - if not then ignore all that!
@gavin yes there is a string of numbers split into 4 groups that is in the letter
just called parcelforce and they want £21.93. hopefully calling tonight to pay and collect.
ok so just under £32 given to parcleforce later and my zombiecide will be here tomorrow woohoo!!!
charges here as well although cant pay them until they write to me to tell me what the charges are which is a pain. you can pay postage charges online but can't seem to get any of the references to work, so i presume there is another reference in the letter.
yeah, looks like mine's been held, and mine's just a normal abomination :(
got the tracking info email. parcel withheld awaiting payment of charges. grrrrr, was hoping it'd get through like others seemed to have. uk and double abomination.
awesome got my tracking info too ! just have to pay the post office now.
oh balls!!!!! im gonna have to pay (i think the tax man) monies to get my hands on the box. harumph!!!!
it's here! it's here! seems it's shipping just now - i have received the mail a few minutes ago, but it has left the us a few days ago and it's now in italy! who-hoooo!
according to the tracking info, mine cleared customs but was only tagged as chargeable after it hit the post office later :(
holy crap!!!!!!! i have a tracking number, i can find out where my zombiecide is whoot!!!!!!!!!!
just got the tracking information.  mine has just cleared customs in the uk so no charges hopefully!
strange though how some havent paid custom charges in the uk and some do, now i guess i need to wait for post and see in that the charges applied.
arrived 2 days ago to my address in melbourne but only got to pick it up this afternoon, now to open it and have some fun
package arrived in sweden yesterday! :-)
"we are currently unable to confirm that status of your parcel. please check the number and try again. please note that items sent over 4 months ago cannot be tracked online. if you are tracking a parcel sent from outside of the uk, we may not have received it yet. please try again or use the help button below." :-(
for uk guys the usps site will show when it has entered the uk but nothing ate that until are delivery. try going to the parcelforce website, put the number in there for more info. mine is sat at their national hub and looks like it may have a customs charge :(
@scott. mine went from alpharetta to atlanta on same day then it went to miami. so alpharetta -> atlanta -> miama -> destination country. hopefully yours starts moving again soon. looks like mine reached local delivery office last night so may be delivered today.
@scott: try pasting your tracking number to your national delivery company tracking system...worked for dhl (germany)
tracking details are up! (or at least mine is) however, anyone know what the following on the usps tracking info page means: "processed through usps sort facility september 05, 2012, 11:20 pm atlanta, ga 30320 international parcels acceptance september 05, 2012, 4:26 pm alpharetta, ga 30004" ? is mine sitting in alpharetta for some reason, or is that from where they're shipped across to the uk? (can't find anything on the rather unhelpful usps website (but i could just be looking in the wrong place))
just got my tracking number...still stuck somewhere i nomansland between germany and the netherlands. at least i know it wont come today so i can start crying now.
got my tracking number, looks like mine was only sent on wednesday... though tracking information can take a while to update, so maybe its closer to me than still sorting in us. you're lucky troy, i'm waiting in adelaide too might be later in the week for mine.
just got my tracking number via email.seems they've arrived (or at least mine has) in sydney last night at 6:10pm.hopefully mine will arrive here in adelaide,australia on monday for my day off,but knowing my luck it won't be until the end of next week.
aaaaaaand 1 hour after the package was delivered, i received the email with tracking (that funnily says my package it's still in the usa) :)
cheers nick
received mine (melbourne, australia) today.  just a comment on the lithograph signature, especially as i got two and i can compare.  the signature is composed of a stylized stamp ( which if you check edouards website) is in fact his artwork signature, and the x people have been talking about is a hand written x within the stamped signature.  that counts as a genuine and legal signature in my books. packed beautifully and very safely.  great product.
@mark it was a letter, a bit like a payslip that you have to remove perforated sections on three edges to get into
italy, turin. package delivered today, 15.05 eur duty/import taxes, more or less as expected. but wow the packaging itself is amazing, must have been quite expensive :)
hi nick, was it one of their red calling cards or a proper letter envelope and all? haven't read my mail for a few days
just received a letter in the post, parcel held by parcelforce due to £19.80 customs duty that needs paying. sorted payment, delivery down for monday..
hi graham, good to hear that they replied to a pm ( i have had no luck) and that everything has been shipped. parcel force do most deliveries between 7am and 1pm, so still some hope. if not the long wait till monday begins. although as you say a little tracking info makes all the frustration go away and turn back into anticipation.
still nothing in cleveland uk, they did answer a pm two days ago confirming all items had shipped and that we would get official confirmation!!! still waiting for that, like many its just frustrating not knowing.
still waiting for zombie hordes here in italy....
no sign in sydney this afternoon, fingers crossed for monday...
mine arrived in canberra today. appreciate the fast (and costly) postage.
just recieved mine in south korea.
at least i not alone... if one person of got it in brisbane n i didnt then i would of been spitting fire
*sniff* no love in brisbane :(
nothing for me today in adelaide either.... now i have to wait until next week. hopefully monday, but no way to tell i guess...
no love in adelaide (australia) either,getting mightily pissed off about this.no tracking number,no game,no fun! if and when it arrives i'll post it up like everyone else seems to be doing.at least i've got my 40k dark vengeance le to muck around with now.
yep nothing in brisbane today, if i had a tracking number that we were promised a week ago i'd at least know it's close. still i've learnt not to believe anything cmon say on here, so many broken promises...
hmm melbourne gets there yet no brissy love yet... ~sigh~ oh well so can anyone say if they have the addon characters you bought then if people are getting everything
some of us are only getting t-shirts when the extra stuff ships in april right? i received everything except my shirt so far.
received my abomination pack today: t-shirt, extra tiles, abomination box, zombicide box, art print melbourne, australia. so excited!
mine slipped through the cracks at the post office (iowa us) but i finally got it today on the third trip to the post office to beg them to search for it. i wish fedex would have carried it the whole way instead of "smartpost".
i saw on a forum that all art relating to marvin and eva has been removed from the official game website (all art has been replaced with a coming son message) and all images also removed from kickstarter.  has anyone seen any official news about this?  only reason i could see this happen is if there were legal threats.   are the characters going to have to be resigned?
@ mac dara mac donnacha good to hear some sets have arrived in ireland. still waiting on mine in cork. what was the story with customs charges when it arrived?
i did pm them and no response and as yet we have no official word that everything was sent, the last update was full of intent, and was linked to providing tracking info, which hasn't happened. i don't want to moan too much. not something usually do on forums, but this has frustrated me as i know this will arrive via parcel force and they are not very reliable in my area, often delivering to an address that sounds similar. i often have to trace product through them to check where an order is.
they have all but said that the boxes have all been shipped. this being the case, the only thing to do is wait. a couple of folks have mentioned they need the tracking info in case of difficulty of address etc.. in that case, pm them see what can be done. otherwise, just wait.. packages are all out the door (provided you've finalized payment). hopefully it will be there soon.. btw, haven't got mine yet. so excited!
mine arrived today (dublin, ireland). packing didn't seem unreasonable(?). never received any tracking info, don't particularly care. game looks awesome, can't wait to try it!
is there any word yet on the release of the scenario editor? i've played the game a few times and am really looking for an easy way to design new challenges.
all i want is confirmation my items have been sent. alot of money was spent on this and i have no way of knowing when or if it will get here. the last update said they hoped to have everything sent out by the weekend, i don't know that that's  happened. they have responded to the issue of missing customs notices but seem to be ignoring the issue of confirmation and tracking info. i really appreciate sending it by priority mail and i am sure he product will be awesome. but just as they have asked us to be patient i would ask in the same spirit for an update.
got mine on tuesday (edmonton, canada), everything intact.  no tracking info.  they had a ridiculous amount of packing material in there, considering the contents don't strike me as overly breakable.  can't wait to kill us some zombies this weekend!
arrived in uk by parcelforce
oh i didn't get the notice or tracking info either... but it arrived..so.... there might not be any info for internationals afterall...
no news about the tracking information for us international backers then??
another day, no game, no shipping notice. no idea if its even been sent !!!
yay! i just received it! singapore.
@anthony - yep most thursdays and tuesdays as well. i'll definitely be zombiciding it up when it comes in. i play a lot of bushido and dropzone commander at the mo but there is a lot of everything played down there as well and they started stocking a lot more board games as well recently.
@sam, do you go to firestorm in the 'diff? if there's a zombicide presence there i might start to go.
@anthony i am uk (cardiff) - haven't received yet but quite a few uk people have. they have been delivered via parcelforce with no mentioned import charges yet.
pledger from sweden here. received my game yesterday, september 5th. got the package before i got the tracking number. gotta say, the postage says 60$ on the box, and i payed 25$ for shipping. this means that cmon probably payed saveral thousand dollars just to ship the boxes. kudos to them.
i'm hoping the tracking numbers are sent out soon as i have had a lot of trouble with delivery companies in the last year due to changes in road layouts meaning my house is not accessible via the route delivery navigation systems show.  i have had deliveries as "unable to deliver" and returned to the depot, i have had to contact them to arrange collection from the depot as they just can't find my house.  if that happens in this case then i won't be able to collect without the tracking number and if it's delayed too long then there is a risk of the package being returned to sender.
have any new zealand backers received tracking info or the game yet?
uk people who have received theirs. did it come via royal mail or a courier, if so which courier service?
we should make  a map where all the zombies are ariving lol looks like a lot of the world has ordred zomicide. stil not arived in the south west of england
yes the lack of shipping info despite promises otherwise is starting to get most annoying indeed :/
uk and hoping arrives sometime today, getting annoying though now that shipping info not viewable still on ckpm.
no tracking number and no package yet, hopefully something soon :(
brazil is safe agains't the zombie menace... no zombicide here yet...
arrived in spain (granada), although customs has ripped me a new hole... anyway, excited to get back home and crack everything open.
zombicide arrived here in germany today, looks great!
zombicide arrived at portugal!
agree 100% with james fryer
no brisbane love yet, still so excited!
@trevor that's the date you ordered it, not the date shipped.
so does anyone know if the date on the packing slip is the date it was sent ? if so mine was sent in june...
great news, mekon. hopefully mine makes its way to adelaide soon, in fact maybe even by the time i get home tonight. :) otherwise i'm housesitting for 2 weeks elsewhere... should be able to get back home to get it at some point though.
@mekon, sweet news. fingers crossed they deliver to brisbane in the next 2 days!!!!
stamped. *shrug*
@mekon, i'm curious, was your lithograph signed (as stated in the pledge level?) or just stamped?
that is awesome news mekon.  that means now i just have to wait 5 more days for australia post to get it to my side of the country.
australia (sydney) pledger here: still no tracking number, but box arrived this morning, in perfect nick - can't complain. contents complete (abomination level): base game, lithograph, nick walker, el cholo, dave the geek, 6 black dice, 6 glow in the dark dice, t-shirt, extra 1 x abomination, 4 x fatties, 6 x runners, 20 x walkers and 12 bonus walkers alert cards. long wait (q2 2013) for the extra chars: zombie nick, zombie el cholo, zombie dave, "eagle" chaz, zombie eagle, cts, zombie cts, troy, zombie troy... but i'll live. :) very happy camper! :)
well i see that packages are slowly making their way westward across canada. only a few more provinces to go and i should be seeing mine.
there seems to be quite a pattern here with 'no tracking number yet'.  that the items have been shipped is not in doubt, but now there seems there are more important things for them to do then to keep a promise to send out tracking numbers to kickstarters. i don't doubt that my copies of the game will turn up sometime soon(ish), and i have no problems being patient for it, but a little bit more in the way of feedback as to why previously promised deadlines have been delayed goes a long way to building good customer relationships. even a simple statement such as "sorry guys, the numbers are on their way, things are just a little slower then planned" or "we'll get them out soon, it just took longer then planned milking the giraffe" would gain a lot of community good will. people (well most of them) are not stupid, they can understand the difficulties faced when you hoped to kickstart a couple of thousand units and it turns into a kickstarter project with 5000+ backers and a huge number of extras and mix and matched set.  delays are almost to be expected in that kind of situation. but not acknowledging that fact to the very people that gave you such a success only generates ill will throughout the community. here's hoping our numbers come soon, and our games sooner (i'm an international backer by the way)
fedex says they gave it to my local po a week ago.... po says they haven't seen it. craps.
@jason trott same bro. nz - no game - no tracking number
just picked mine up from the post office.....missed the delivery yesterday (toronto, canada). and omg....wow..abomination pack and game are amazing....only regret was not buying the foam storage for all the game pieces!
got mine today no tracking number. saskatchewan , canada
just got mine, still no tracking number. ottawa, canada.
well i received my copy of the game and i dont have any tracking number so! !
what i can advise you @jason trott is patience... know exactly how you feel...
hi i'm in new zealand and have not received either a tracking number or the game.  :(
got mine today! (ontario, canada)
no tracking numbers here
in spain still not arrived.
got mine yesterday! will be probably playing it this weekend :d
no tracking number for me
have any international backers been emailed a tracking number yet? cmon said on the last update we should have them by the weekend just gone, but going by comments on here none have been sent at all.
still waiting my 3xabomination ! (pledge 2555)
received mine this morning :d im at work so i cant wait to open it!!! quebec, canada
i'm pledge 1486 and got mine yesterday in france.
any eta on tracking numbers ?
wow really 571 and 594 thats dirty
just received mine here in ontario, canada yesterday. although a few of the game boards are banged up and the lithograph is quite crumpled it is an excellent looking game. played through the tutorial just now and i can't wait to find the time to dive further into this game.
still waiting here in the uk, pledge #571
594 here and nothing
pledge # 1469 still nothing
found out the shipment phase 2 is eta april 2013, arggg another eta of 7-8 months. seem so far away, but look so close on the calendar. note im still waiting for my copy of the game. *_*
this would be a lot less painful if we had a tracking number. at least i would know it had been sent. i am not fussed how long it takes as long as i know its on its way.
barely can't wait about mine... but delivery service here in brazil is terrible... makes you think that a dude without arms or legs without the use of vehicles of any sort to get here departing of atlanta could do it better job to get the package delivered... still very anxious.
unboxing. :d
just to add, if you do get a tracking number (havent seen any yet) you can use them directly on the parcelforce site to get a more accurate tracking.
i assume it will be parcelforce as they handle all usps orders that arent international letter (which goes via normal po)
ok so a question for the uk peeps who have gotten their hands on zombiecide. what sort of van did it turn up in??????
got my package on friday and played the tutorial and scenario 1 over the weekend.  great fun!
just got my package, stoked to play - the whole thing is really well put-together!
hmm i just checked the ckpm for sedition wars and i don't have a pledge number there, probably because i haven't finalised extra payment yet. so i guess that confirmed aaron's guess.
@ darsc if i had to guess, i'd say their pledge number is just incremented beyond zombicide (i.e. remove 5258 z backers and youd be pledge #1260)
got mine today in toronto, ontario, canada. looks beautiful! customs invoice was on the outside of the box, lists value at $30 = no customs. thanks cmon! i have only done the tutorial so far, but i think this could be amazing!
they would be unique numbers continuing on from the zombiecide numbers so they are unique to  all cmon pledges.
thanks henrick. now i have a second question. what exactly does the pledge number represent? i thought it was where we stood in line as it were. the reason i'm asking is that for zombicide i'm pledge #747, which sounds about right cause i lurked for a little while before i actually pledged. however when i look up my pledge number for sedition wars on the ckpm, it gives me the number 6518, which is a little odd as there were only 4278 backers on that kickstarter.
@darsc your pledge number is found by logging into the ckpm page and clicking zombicide and your pledge number will be right at the top where it says 'zombicide pledge number #xx'
im pledge number #23 and i too have nothing. europe, denmark.
people in europe getting their copies? mexican post services must be worse than i thought... i'm order #16 and still nothing. come, zombies, come. my flesh is waiting.
@mark. how did you find your pledge number?
no worrie found it
how do i find my pledge number?
most likely, if the invoice is missing from the outside, it was probably removed by a postal inspector - just write us for another copy.
all shipments include an invoice together with the customs declaration.  we'll send you a soft copy if you need one, email us at kickstarter@coolminiornot.com with your pledge number.
same problem with german customs office here in baden-wuerttemberg... is there any "offical" recommendation on solving the issue?
@f1reb1rd did you have any issues with customs declaration... how did you do it?
zombicide has arrived in nrw/germany! :)
lucky! that's better than a tracking number,  my package has been "out for delivery" since thursday morning...
got mine!  didn't get a tracking though so some people might yet have some hope.  toronto, ontario, canada
uh oh! some part/all of cmon's website has just died.
@dominik i would assume a copy of your amazon payments receipt would suffice for customs, it would mean your paying against the full amount rather than the "production" cost that cmon intended to use though, but its probably the only fast way to get your copy released.
hi cmon i've just received a note from the german customs office that my game has arrived. as there is no invoce or customs declaration on the outside of the package they weren't able to send it to me so i have to get it myself. therefore i need either an invoice or a customs declaration or another proof of the value of the package. is there any kind of declaration inside of the parcel? you said something about declaring the value of the parcel by production cost earlier. is this still the case and is there a way to get any of these infos from you via mail? otherwise i have to find a way to use my pledge as proof for the value... but i'm not sure if our customs office is happy with this. if anybody in europe has the sam problem... how did you solve it? thanks in advance
@guy per update #60 they are sceduled for september. i assume they will release at the same time as the zombicide app, which is sceduled for late september.
my pledge is 1300 stil not arrived in uk lol if that will help you david
out of interest what pledge number are the people who are receiving copies in europe ?  :)
zombicide just landed herre in france :)) no tax. excellent !!!!!
@ guy it has been mentioned by guillotine games that they should become available when the game is officially released.  so expect it sometime october/november, dependant on how programming goes.
i understand there's a second wave of minis coming in 2013, but when are the campaign scenario and the scenario creation software going to be available?
@plug .. that was probably the sniffer dog when the t-shirts got held up in customs !
not that i expected much but i was alittle disappointed with the quality of my shirt. i had ten feet of string in my dryer the first time i washed it and it basically ruined a sleeve of the shirt. no biggy, prolly wasnt gunna wear it anyway but i would like to have been able to give it to someone.
my parcel arrived friday in mesa az.  the t-shirt, lithograph, game, and abomination pack were all pristine and undamaged.  there was not one crease on anything. beautiful job!
no tracking info for me yet either.. but i live in hope!
it wasn't at home waiting for me. fingers crossed it'll be here tommorrow!! :)
i still don't have my tracking info, yet.. that sucks -.-
@cory: i am in canada too, and you are right that for some reason european backers always seem to get it quicker than us. definitely learning patience from kickstarter campaigns :p
those who have had a uk delivery do you know who it came by?
i'm in canada too, and have not received mine. not to worried though. in my experience shipments from us to canada tend to take about twice as long (or more at times) than from us to uk...
ooh, that's good news for uk, i was going to head to town after work but i think i'll get straight home to see if the posty delivered or took it back to the depot!
i'm in canada and haven't received mine yet so don't threat
any australian backers received theirs yet?  i know, i know, i'm being hopeful. but the postal system has got to be quicker than average sometimes ;)
just received my abomination pack, and no uk customs charges - yay :)
time will tell i guess. fingers crossed
i found with priority mail that you sometimes get the bill in the post later. hopefully they isn't the case here!
was lucky enough not to get any customs charges
for those  who recieved game today in the uk, how were the customs charges in the end?
i'm in kent in england
david, i'm in ol' blighty.
where are you guys in the world ? (people who have received today)
just got my box in the post. hooray! looks even better in the putrid flesh!
just got a big sexy box in the mail. those of you still waiting... it won't be long! now i'm going to go away and sniff my new minis for a while.
@tsini ... you "hit the nail on the head" there ... trouble is not everyone agrees with you and are taking things from a significantly different perspective.   me, i'm just looknig forward to a spurpise arrival some time in the next couple of weeks.  no tracking number doesnt mean its not been shipped, cmon said all shipments were made by the middle of last week. btw .. i was suggesting that if someone had a real gripe about "broken promises" and legal rights they talk to their lawyers, knowing that most wouldn't bother knowing they had nothing to stand on.  i know some posters have been really pedantic about the concept of broken promises, to the point where they were immovable in their opinion, despite others pointing out their misunderstanding and misinterpretation of what cmon have said. feedback is good, i'm sure cmon will improve with the many little disasters of zombicide ... i can already see them handling relic knights much better. @raimir, your stuff is shipped, the tracking numbers weren't autoscanned into your ckpm account, they had to be done manually.  you may never get a tracking number but your product should arrive anyway.
i think its more just that everyone has made their point and there is no point going on with it...  i certainly haven't heard of any international backers getting theirs yet, and don't have mine in aus.
not much moaning recently maybe people have got there games know ;p
having spent a too big chunk of my adult life working in customer service i'm all for constructive feedback and two-way communication. some (but not all) of the stuff on here goes way beyond constructive feedback and into bloated self-entitlement territory. as for cmon, like i say i haven't paid too much attention since the kickstarter ended, just received the e-mail updates and waited patiently until september. from what i've been reading i think the major learn for cmon is to refrain from definite(-ish) statements about when things will happen and what they will do. keep it realistic and keep it vague enough not be able to called out on it if it turns out you can't deliver but not so vague that people don't have a clue what's happening. if they'd just left things at "approximately september" and said nothing about the order things will ship etc. then no-one would have any expectations that could have been let down.
this subject is the most boring, overtalked pile of trollop that i've ever had the displeasure of reading. you guys need to grow up. talking to lawyers over a piece of paper that at best, will look nice in a frame, but is worth not a penny in value to anyone. the internet is full of this horse crap. we didn't pre-order this game, we funded its production, we didn't buy exclusive rights to be the first people to get the game, we paid for the game in advance, there's a difference. we paid for what we are receiving, everything else is just made up in your heads.
estimated delivery is september 2012 . if i haven't receive a tracking number for the next 7 days, i will not back relic knights. why? because i'm disappointed that the abomination pack has not been shipped yet from the supplier/warehouse. it will take 1 to 2 months before i receive the delivery.
@ben am i, personally, upset because they sold at gencon? no, it was always clear to me that if they would have the product by gencon they would sell there, despite claims to the contrary. it is just to big of a marketing opportunity to miss. am i, personally, upset because they did not ship by pledge number? no, as i think shipping by area is more efficient. do i understand why people are upset? of course i do. they were promised something and that promise was not kept and no explanation or excuse was given. had i expected those promises to be kept i would probably be upset too. also keep in mind that without feedback, and that includes negative feedback, cmon does not know what they do "right" and what they do "wrong". so it is great when people are grown up enough to voice their concerns, greater when they do so in a civilised manner. and even more grown up is if the other party involved listens to the concerns and can dispel them through reasoning instead of holding their ears shut and singing "i did nothing wrong" like little children do. so i second the "grow up" statement of yours. ;) @john let me quote strewart from the studio mcvey forums, who put that way more eloquently than i am able to: "things are never that black and white... there is a grey area between yes i still want the game and am happy with the decision, and i hate this so much i'm taking a refund. ... probably cmon would be happier to have a bunch of people tell them why they are unhappy than just have a bunch of people mysteriously seek a refund with no reason given. its called feedback."
hehe ben ... i havent had a tracking number yet either, but expecting to be "surprised" by its delivery in the next week or so.   the adding of the tracking number wasn't automatic, had to be done manually, so i expect some holes in the details.
@john i hope everyone has their product shipped, i haven't yet received a tracking number. maybe i should rant about it lol.
received my game a solid month early with everything that i pledged for (minus the expansion stuff coming out next year). no complaints with the kickstarter or the game (other than a less-than-stellar rulebook). i'm looking forward to see how sedition wars will come out!
@ben ... thanks for that little (late) rant especially now that everyone has their product shipped.  only three people took up cmons offer of a refund if they were not happy with the arrangement.  cmon did a number of things badly, even before the ks closed.  mostly it was a failure to accurately and honestly communicate.   we are entitled to be told, but i agree some posters were a little harsh and unreasonable in their claims.
i haven't been on here since the kickstarter ended. i've come on following the last e-mailed update i received saying that tracking info should be out by the weekend and having not received i just wanted to make sure there wasn't a problem. having read through some recent comments all i can say is f@ck me there aren't half some people with a bloated sense of entitlement around. are people seriously upset that cmon had some copies for sale at gencon a little before you were going to get yours? really? are you upset that cmon said they hoped to get it out earlier than the estimated september shipping time and then did it for some backers not all? really? grow up.
yep, that's the game... thanks for sharing that.
a zombie havoc boardgame by guillotine games hits the shelves on august 2012. get ready! „science! in the pursuit of ever greater levels of productivity, man has twisted both plants and animals to his own ends. in so doing, we have inadvertently changed ourselves... now, shambling killing machines roam the ruins of our world. it is time to engage in... zombicide!“ take the role of a survivor, each with unique abilities, and harness both their skills and the power of teamwork against the hordes of unthinking undead! zombies are predictable, stupid but deadly, controlled by simple rules and a deck of cards. unfortunately for you, there are a lot more zombies than you have bullets... find weapons, kill zombies. the more zombies you kill, the more skilled you get, the more skilled you get, the more zombies appear. the only way out is zombicide! play 10 scenarios on different maps made from the included modular map tiles, or create your own.
well if it was a printed signature that may not be too bad, but just plonking an x on it is pretty lazy... definitely gotta feel sorry for the few people that only pledged at bitten level, or indeed anyone below fatty. and yeah this has all made me pull out of relic knights. cmon still is a small company and are starting to branch out a lot so definitely growing pains are to be expected, but i'm just not getting a very good vibe from them recently.
one of course needs to acknowledge that a signature no longer just means hand signed, even from the days of old wax seals were used as a signature. http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/signature
agreed steve, one of the many things that cmon did badly.  i hope that at least those who pledged at sub-fatty got a genuine signature on their lithograph or they should speak to their lawyers - that is certainly a breach of trust if nothing else.  most of us pledged for the game and may be a little more forgiving, but a lot won't forget - many have already posted their refusal to pledge or buy from cmon again.
i'm guessing not too many people really cared too much about the lithograph, but i have to admit it is quite disappointing to hear it just has an x stamped on it when the page very clearly said it would be signed by guiton, yet another case of wrong information from cmon. i know there is 5000 of them but i've seen plenty of other companies release 5000+ signed prerelease items.
@billy gove, i was a pretty big complainer for sure but i got mine the other day. might explain me not getting a signed lithograph though :p
mail came guess im not getting my until september......wtf this is insane, i bet they saved all us complainers until last this is brutal and to all those with yours saying its ok how many other projects have you backed me well over 100 so it does piss us off, makes no sense when i paid for shipping anyway frig right off
fyi -  lithographs are not signed but some "x" is stamped on it.
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… zombiecide - unpacking 2012 pictures
the edited custom characters r below http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/showthread.php…
http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/showthread.php… something to share left for dead card http://www.hfminis.co.uk/shop… people who don't use weapon to solve ur prolbem? ^_^
nothing yet in ontario, canada.
nothing on canada's west coast yet.
still nothing in ohio, usa
nothing yet in canada ns
no
any eu backers got their copy yet?
package arrived! awesome quality!
mine has finally made it to california yesterday afternoon, really hoping it makes it the rest of the way by saturday . . .
my copy was delivered! too bad i'm trapped at work for another 6 hours...
well then, i guess that's what the blank sides of the character sheets are for. more female survivors here we come...
yep @erick jaudon... est date is for 2013 q1 or q2
yes
i got my copy in the mail but did not get the cardboard tube samurai or troy and i had got the abomination. are they coming separate?
all those copies of zombicide at gencon http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@cmon: that's an impressive feat! can't wait to get my copy of this game, will be looking for future releases in this line!!! "to set the record straight - we sent out 2600 copies before gencon, which is everyone in the usa who logged into the ckpm and locked their pledges. we have since shipped over 2000 rewards domestically and internationally and expect to have everything done by wednesday."
@sergio: the extra survivors were only available for the kickstarter and unless you're lucky enough to find one at a convention cmon is heading to, odds are the only way you'll be able to get one is through ebay.
@cmon - i would just like to acknowledge the hard work you all are doing to get this game shipped.  i look forward to getting my copy.
okay, now i understand. yup, two promo survivors were indeed included. thanks. now, when will i be able to order one of the other female survivors. i didn't realize my girl would be so enthusiastic but also so picky about who she plays. she sees the effectiveness of wanda, (yay) but thinks she's dumb for wearing roller skates (sigh...). ymmv.
if there's a will there's a way. if none excuses are provided below. haha @patrick: a round of applause for summarizing, and speaking and pointing out the reality of the problem for this kickstarter project. @cmon: please be gentle on my abomination pack worth $$200. it was already paid via amazon. lol
@sergio: which level? if it's the $75 level, that tier was named "fatty" and included the contents of the "runner" tier along with a copy of zombicide. . @gwailo: if people didn't complain about things that honestly didn't matter and required taking personal offense for taking personal offenses sake, then what the is the internet good for?
who do i ask about my order being short the fatty and runner that were advertised as the only bonus for my kickstarter level? at this point though my girl would just rather have another female survivor model.
ugh, cmon didn't actually do anything wrong. they had limited time because of when gencon fell, and things ended up that they could get only some out the door before the show. sorry you feel cheated, but everything was handled as well as could be expected. it's not like they could magic up more time to have done things. there are only so many people they have access to to do the work, and they underestimated how much time it would take. not really sure how that's "cheating" anyone. i'm in hong kong. they shipped from hong kong to the states, then back. ugh. but - i understand that this is what i was going to be in for by ordering from an american company (import laws etc). they have been super up front about everything, and we still haven't even hit september (the original shipping target). if you feel bad because they said they hoped to have things early, and then they weren't early well... i'm not really sure what to tell you. sorry you feel that way, but y'know.. maybe not something to scream at the internet about. hope that you get your package soon though, i know i do. so please, just calm down a bit on the internet. no one has cheated you. no one has abused you. all i can say for the cmon folks is next time just don't tell anyone anything until it's all out the door. people just get their expectations up and then feel angry when things don't work out perfectly.
so long as i get my game before october i'm fine with it. i backed this kickstarter because of the extras and the value it represented over waiting and buying it at regular retail. what would really bother me would be if the game was as deeply discounted for nonbackers, but that's not the case, so i'm happy just waiting for my copy to show up. :)
actually they were giving away a few abomination packs at gencon... not many, sure, but still there were a few.
oh noes... you missed out on getting the game before someone at gencon..... did they get all the extras you do? no? well then....
didn't realize this was such serious business. its just a fun little board game. it shouldn't really matter if you get it a few days later than you may have expected. there are things happening in the world outside your life.
@john, me picking at straws??? that is clearly why that was asked and gencon was mentioned. shall i find the other answers in the comments where cmon said they would ship everything out in 1 week? or the one were they only started the september delivery date as a 'worst case scenario' and fully expected to ship in early august? how about i find you the post where cmon have apologised to us backers that are pissed at how this has been handled? oh wait, they never did. they do not even acknowledge they have handled anything badly at all.
lol, they didn't sell to the general public, just to the people that showed up to buy it. disinterested parties were excluded entirely! in other news i'm flying out to pax tomorrow... hopefully the mailman sits on my package along with the rest of my mail instead of shipping it back or letting it sit in front of my building all weekend.
@patrick, totally agree that cmon could have done things better, a lot better.
@thulsa, yes i did see that link and no where did it say anything other than your explicit question "will backers be assured that we get our copies before the general public has the ability to buy?" having some available at gencon for gencon attendees to buy does not count as "general public" ... you are picking at straws in your assertion that cmon has broken a promise.  you did not ask "will you make sure all ks pledges are shipped before you make zombicide available to purchase at gencon?" the only promise made was est deliver september 2012 .. stop being so precious.
its just a game not a organ transplantation sometimes its gonna be a bigger bone to chew on see it as a learning curve for everbody. :)
@cmon do you really still have a problem with realising why some backers feel cheated? let's try to make that clear. you said you will ship to all backers before selling anywhere else, including gencon and you did not. you said you will ship by pledge # and you did not. you saying (on your website) that you had shipped to all your backers before going to gencon when you had not. you saying that you expect to have everything shipped out within a week and now being at the end of week three and still shipping. so we have here broken promises, an outright lie and an unmet expectation. but hey, we all know that expectations and reality do not always match up. still the broken promises and the lie provide enough reason to feel cheated. but yet most dissatisfied people i have talked to to not feel cheated by what you have done. they feel cheated by how you handled and still handle the situation. they feel cheated because you did not count them among the "loyal backers"  who got their games shipped before gencon, they feel cheated because not once you said "we are sorry, we planed this otherwise", they feel cheated because of the "take your money and get out if don't like how we handle this" attitude you display, they feel cheated by you making fun of dissatisfied customers (was it really necessary to call the raffle "don't panic"?), snarky comments and downplaying concerns ("ignore them"). maybe you should take a step back, take a deep breath and realise that you are not "going above and beyond what we promised in almost every respect" and that there are aspects that you could have done better. and that maybe, just maybe, standing up and saying "we are sorry" would be a good idea.
i'm loving this.  wish i had grabbed the last two promos.  i missed out on ivy and claudia....
"est. delivery: sep 2012"  that's the original "promise" coolminiornot  made and we all accepted.  it's not even september yet. it's definitely not october.
@cmon, i said at the time a couple weeks ago when we saw all shipments weren't going out at the same time that i hope you at least use a fast shipping method, priority is great to see finally confirmed! thank you very much for choosing a fast shipping method, i hope to see my tracking number and zombicide game soon.
i take issue with, "which is everyone in the usa who logged into the ckpm and locked their pledges". maybe it's most everyone in the usa who logged into the ckpm and locked their pledges. if i find myself dragged into another of their kickstarters i'll make sure to also buy an addon and click save daily and ask for confirmation emails that it's locked (and perhaps add that they put such acknowledgement on ckpm so you can anticipate if you're going to get screwed because the software wants to offer you more time to buy more stuff)
guys its just bad timing, if gencon hadnt been in the period when the container arrived we wouldnt be having this issue, i was pissed at first but i can understand all the reasons cmon put forward, yes they may have had the intention not to sell at gencon if they hadnt shipped all copies, but it clearly became an obvious choice for them, they had to take all their team to gencon anyway, they had space on stand, they had shipped "most" copies, so it made sense for them to take some to gencon. look at it this way, they are already eating a high amount of the international postage cost, and i'd rather cmon didnt make a loss out of all this, otherwise we might not get all the expansions we would like for zombicide. i'm happy just to be patient now and await the arrival of my copy. i'm sure cmon have learnt alot from this experience and will be very careful about how they set expectations in the future.
@john, did you not click the link to the cmon question about gencon? how is that not a promise broken?
@thulsa - promise not broken, zombicide is still not in stores.  gencon promotional sales does not count as a broken promise in my book.  most of those with zombicide are us ks pledgers.
i 100% understand that they are a few people and shipping is taking longer than planned.  i am grateful for all the hard work and time it is taking for shipping.  i'm just impaitiant and tired
i am just hugely disappointed by the fact that they promised to send all ks rewards before selling it to others.  if they could explain that. i look at my account daily to find no update but see pictures of people who haven't ks this playing, it just doesn't seem fair.
i think i just got confused and thought their last update said everything would be out by monday. i would never dream of cancelling my pledge, and if you put up the expansion right now i would still pledge in a heartbeat. i just have so much zombie killing to do. i am sorry if my post added to any of the crazy angry fanboy rage that has been going around.  as far as the selling of product to gencon attendees goes, i have no issue with that. i wouldn't expect them to hold back and not sell a product simply because some t-shirts were being held up in customs delaying sending out their abomination pledges. the more they sell the more money will be in development for guillotine to spend on the expansion.
i think some people may not realise that cmon is not a huge company like amazon that can ship thousands in a day.   they have 5,258 orders to ship (some of which are several packages each) which is quite a lot and understandably will take time to process.  they have to make sure each set is packaged securely so the components don't get damaged in transit, and need to make sure that everyone gets everything they are supposed to.  on top of this they still have their regular business to run, which would include hundreds of orders daily from the cmon web store. the only options they could go with in future would be to charge lots more for shipping and pay dozens of temp staff to cover the work load for the duration of shipping. of course we are all eager to get our goodies :p  i don't understand why after 4-5 months of waiting for production, people are backing out at the very last second because it's taking too long to ship individual orders.
you are not 'going above and beyond' what you promised cmon, as you said here - http://i.imgur.com/zdfpm.png - that you would not sell at gencon before all backers got theirs. the question could not have been asked any clearer but you just choose to ignore it now? promise broken...
so, now that i've been playing tis for a few weks now, i have just one question.  where can i get some more walkers?  it appears that 60 just isn't enough in some games.
also, important note for international backers.  the average abomination package shipment phase 1 cost for shipping, on postage alone, is $45, excluding packaging materials and labor.  you'll see it when you receive your reward.  you're getting a very good deal here, but if anyone is still feeling hard done by, we'll refund you and take care of it.
whoa there.... how exactly are you being cheated jamie? we're packing and shipping as fast as we can and will be done pretty soon (as in, within a couple of days).  taking time out to address every comment about "where's my tracking number?" isn't a good use of time better spent packing - batch updates will go out, when they go out.  relax, take a deep breath, your game will be with you sooner than you think.  all international pledges are going out via priority mail, which is no slouch. to set the record straight - we sent out 2600 copies before gencon, which is everyone in the usa who logged into the ckpm and locked their pledges.  we have since shipped over 2000 rewards domestically and internationally and expect to have everything done by wednesday. we're going above and beyond what we promised in almost every respect (including providing tracked shipments, which isn't common on kickstarters) and will continue to do so in future.
feels like we got screwed and they tried to send out a few copies before gencon to justify selling it at gencon.  i am very disappointed and this will be my last zombicide/cmon product.  i feel cheated
so i thought the international packages would all be getting picked up today? and you would update us as soon as that happened... i assume there are more delays? i wish i lived in the us right now, and that is a very rare thing for me to say.
it's all about getting more and more money. extract those juices creator. you need to get richer and richer. any report from gencon sales of these awesome products? have you become a millionaire? or maybe close? haha
i was able to get all my zombicide and abomination contents into a single box without the lid bulging at all. 3 trays of zombies stacked. cards and counters in zip lock bags shoved into the empty space under the hero tray. el cholo in the abominations slot. the 2 abominations, bruce willis, sheldon, and dice  in the open corner that remains .
:( eu backer - and i have to agree with this comment "damien swallow about 12 hours ago i'm kinda wondering why gencon gets their boxes before us kickstarters?" ....
us backer and still waiting!
sorry if this has been asked already, but international tracking numbers go out when?
tracking number, woo! i'm excited.
don't forget its still (very late) sunday night in the us. 24 hours from now i might check in hope of having a tracking number.
stagnant. still no news regarding shipping details.
i'm kinda wondering why gencon gets their boxes before us kickstarters?
i got the abomination level. it's all in one shipping box, but theres some extras besides the original game box. but you can fit everything into the original game box if you have some plastic baggies.
shipping question: how many boxes does the abomination level come in? i ask because of strange life situations i am 2 states away from my packages which just got delivered to where i'm at (after being held by my post office because the rest of my family was not around to get them until yesterday.
couple of questions: is there going to be a pdf release with all additional player properties (2 cocktails are better than 1, webbing, etc). can anyone kill an abomination with anything besides a molitov? (except for red el cholo with a machete) i thought i had another question, but i guess not! fun game, look forward to more from you guys!
when playing a scenario you run out of zombie cards, are you supposed to reshuffle the zombie deck and continue spawning? or is that the end of zombie spawning?
woo! i am seriously excited!  i predict a massive paint-a-thon at my place so i can get these gaming right quick!
mini update 2 - still packing, all of usa in fedex trailer waiting for pickup, usps picking up international packages monday.  tracking info will be going out sunday, will go live as soon as both carriers start scanning.  will update again once everything is officially gone.
well, derp. guess i missed it. thanks.
@alexander: page 9 (at least of the pdf) says "if different survivors are on the same zone, the players share the wounds in the way they prefer. cooperation also means sharing the pain and suffering!"
got a chance to play a couple scenarios. showed it to another group of board game geeks and they all had fun. one thing did come up though. looked through the rulebook and couldnt find an answer but maybe i missed it. if a zombie is on a zone with more than one survivor, who does it attack?
i wish we had never heard that it was suppose to ship early. it's killing me checking every day for a tracking number (international) and seeing nothing
mini update - we're still packing, and shoving stuff out the door. no time to chat.. packing...
@billy, unfortunately, international shipping will take a bit longer than the first wave of local shipments did.
@billy - i'd be perfectly happy to skip the number and receive the game instead!
the majority of us who received the game in the first shipment, received the game before actually being emailed a tracking number.
good morning cmon! we're a few days into the second wave of shipping! it seems some of us still don't have tracking numbers. could we please have an update on how things are going and when we can expect them?
cant wait for the game to arrive
@steve coolminiornot.com their 'cmon shop update: we are back!!!' is where they say thursday.
update plz?
zombicide pledge number #23 and still no tracking number! i'll just wait another week!
back in ckpm, weird glitch i guess. no updates :(  checking again in 5...4....3....
ckpm won't let me in anymore. :(
how do i check my order if i forgot my password the activation code doesnt seem to work ?
if you have a local store or restaurant that you can talk to, the "flat" egg cartons work great (i think they hoold either 36 or 48 eggs) and fit the box fairly well...and can be easily cut. i use them for my sde game and once i paint the zombies, i'll use them for this game (still debating since i might just paint the heroes and dump the zombies all together). you might be able to buy these trays, but i've never had to (i have no issues randomly asking for other people's garbage). :) hope this helps those with packing questions.
got email with tracking number for international shipping, think it's for zombicide doesn't actually say so lol :) so every other international backer out there look for it very soon
anyone at all get tracking numbers this week?
really? where did they say thursday? i thought the t-shirt update said starting immediately to be complete by early next week? (i'm in aus too btw)
@steve not me yet, they did say starting thursday, which was today in futureland (also known as australia) so maybe when i wake up tomorrow morning?
any international backers have a tracking number yet?
@tyler: the first con is valid, though in that case i'll just hang onto the cardboard frame from the tiles as a base-plate, nothing to terrible. sure, it'll hang a little over the top, but it'd be a uniform height, and probably not take as long to open the box because of how quick it vacuum-seals itself as-is currently. con #2: non-issue, i'm looking for a storage solution, not a symmetry solution, and i personally like the tokens/cards to opposing corners. con #3: non-issue, not planning on painting all these figs, so i'm fine with stacking standard zombies to fit the april-batch survivors. . either way, just need to wait on cmon to add these to the store now though. really want to be done with the hobo-hotel boxes they live in now.
i too have the foam trays and more cons than pros with them. i feel people will agree. pro; the fit the minis perfect. pro; they fit in the box perfect, side to side. con; with both trays in the box plus the hero cards plus the board tiles plus the rule book the lid does not go on all the way. con; there is no method to the trays. i have ocd and its killing me that the other tray is not uniform. con; once all the other characters come and their zombie counterparts there will be no room for them at all. the only way i can see this working and being amazing is if you were to build a box or purchase one to put all the components in. cmon wasnt thinking of the real world use of the trays or the fit in their already made boxes, they just wanted another partner on the game in battle foam.
oooh, that screenshot actually has me thinking about it now, that is not just a comfy fit, but its pretty classy looking! far shot from the cardboard boxes that basically make my zombies look homeless :d had they had a screen like that during the drive i probably would have bought on the spot. i'll think about it, plastic bags sound legit too.
yup, the 2-tray set was $40 - not sure if it'll be different post-ks. glad the pics helped.
@joshua: thank you, definitely sells me on them. it's both trays for the ~40 bucks, correct?
@haegemon i did, and i took some pictures for people who were asking similar questions. here's one: http://boardgamegeek.com/image/1393199/zombicide and the others are in this thread: http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/showthread.php…  should be plenty of context there to give you an idea.
@ryan: i'm really only looking at the battlefoam option if it fits in the box. i've just used meh plastic bags in the past for stuff like descent, but if the foam is cut to fit the box and holds everything and the extras, then it's worth the high cost. if not, then it is a bit extreme.
i used ziplock bags. i can't see spending $40 to store unpainted plastic miniatures.
i'm currently just throwing all the minatures into one of the cardboard boxes when i'm done playing, does anybody have a more elegant way of storing? battlefoam seems like the extreme end, i'm wondering if there's something less time consuming.
did anyone here order the battlefoam trays?  thinking about ordering them when they're available, but want to see if they fit to the box like sde trays do.
@kickstartmyheart and @tyler thompson regarding the leaving a zone with zombies, the rulebook says specifically that you must spend an extra action point per zombie in the zone you are attempting to leave. this means if you are in a zone with 1 zombie it costs 2 actions to leave, 2 zombies = 3 actions and so on. check page 7 of the rulebook and the example in provided at the top of page 8.
never mind, they were sticking together. sorry
anyone else missing zombie cards? i'm missing 8. 2,21,29,30,31,35,37,38
i hate my phone....  will it be more expensive to upgrade my shipping to thunderbird 1? really can't wait to see this game on my doorstep!
will it be more expensive
i've had the game for a week now and it is a blast. great job putting this one together. one of the most fun games i've played in a while.
i suppose i could also mention cmon's official forum, too... you can ask rules questions there. also helpful people, but i tend to go to the bgg forum first. http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
@tyler treat the manhole and extra activations just as you would if you had gotten the card on a spawn point. the room you were populating when you got the card remains empty.  the best place to go for rules questions is here - lots of very helpful people! http://boardgamegeek.com/forum/1145599/zombicide/rules
sorry tyler i hit enter too soon. each non-dual wielding weapon counts as a separate action, if you have 2 actions available you can use them both. we have made the assumption that if you have 2 dual wielding weapons you can use them as 2 separate actions intstead of 1 to target 2 different zones such as the sawed offs. if you are in a zone with zombies you can leave at the cost of 2 move actions instead of just 1 without combat. i'm not certain on your last question. if i'm wrong on any of these, corrections would be appreciated.
daves skill allows hime to make 2 cocktails for the price of 1. essentially, 1 gas can and 1 bottle = 2 molotovs.
negative vibes and comments make people look stupid. my hat is off to cmon for teaming with such an amazazing concept and bringing it to at least my doorstep. running a small empire such as this and making it so big so quick i can see having hiccups along the way, being in business i can feel for them and wanting to get their name out there and getting products into peoples hands. congrats. however i have had a few questions by myself and others that we cant seem to get answered by just reading the rule book. it may also be the fact i am too lazy to read all the comments lol. here they come; first, daves blue starting skill says 2 cocktails are better than one. does this mean he starts with the cocktails like el cholo starts with machetes? or how are we supposed to take that and or use it? second, if you are equipped with 2 weapons and they are no dual wielding, can you attack with both at the same time or do you have to choose one or the other? third, i think i know the answer but here it is. if you enter a zone with zombies in it you must kill them before leaving the zone? unless you are slippery. am i correct? fourth, i think i also know the answer to this. when spawning i understand that the walkers, runners and fattys can be activated on the turn of the card. but, when opening a door and exploring a building for the first time and see what in each room and one of those cards present themselves does it work the same? this also goes with manhole cards. ie.. im drawing a card to see how many zombies are in the bathroom and a manhole card comes up, do i just put that many zombies in the bathroom or do they go on the manholes or are manholes only for the main spawn points? if anyone can help i would appreciate it. also if anyone has found other questions out there that really cant be answered in the rule book please post and ask, maybe i just need to read the rule book again. i know more have came up but those are the 4 i wrote down. like explaining in the rule book what all the different colored markers and everything mean. i know by reading the scenarios what they are, but it would be nice to have everything clear. last, now that everything is going to be done and done with this first installment of the game, are we going to try and push the date up on the remaining pieces? thanks again.
@tom i know i'll be playing my copy at pax, just keep an eye out, i'm sure you can jump in some pub games! i understand its not the same as having your own copy though.
isn't the internet a wonderful place =d
it sounds like they are back on the ball, and picking up the pieces which is the best you can do when things get rough.  i wish them the best of luck.  and congradulations on a very successful project.
@tom,  i want to be clear that i think coolmini is doing the best they can.  worries like, "who knows how far down the shipping list complaining will push me." are unwarranted.  i just want coolmini to understand that a little communication goes a long way. i went back through the comments and it looks like they were doing a stellar job up until about aug 7th.  then they went silent (probably trying to prep for gencon and handle the thousand of orders to ship).  and when they came back, the update wasn't about how the remaining shipments were going, but a raffle for selling off the game of an unsatified customer.  not the best timing. i just want to empahisize on how important it is for customers that have already paid a good chuck of change to be informed on where that money is going.
"there are still others that have met all the given criteria and have no idea when to expect a game in hand." yes, erik, at least me. also sent an email soon the first wave of tracking numbers went out. i've deleted most of the replies i've typed out in this thread before hitting the post button. who knows how far down the shipping list complaining will push me. oh well, maybe there'll be prize copies handed out at pax that i can play while i'm waiting for mine.
@tsini, i see where your coming from.  and i didn't mind that they were selling copies while they were still getting all the shipments in order.  my frustration stemed from not getting a return email after mulitple tries.  i didn't come rushing to the comment sections to hash it out in public.  i gave them over a week to respond (my first email went out before gencon).  i only started posting here when my questions stayed unanswered.  and updated the comments as soon as they were.   but i think its very important keep us informed with details on our orders.  the blanket emails that said, "don't worry, it will all be o.k." don't give us information on how the orders are being processed.  the orders aren't due until september,  even if they are late on that date it would be fine if issues were entered into the updates.  but keeping us in the dark is frustrating. lke i say, i've been updated and am happy knowing where my order stands.  but i worry there are still others that have met all the given criteria and have no idea when to expect a game in hand.
have done both
@martin i would suggest sending us an email or a message on kickstarter, since we'll need your personal info to process it.
i would like to get a refund were do i find my amazon authorization id?
i just got my delivery today, what a surprise! my tracker said i"d be waiting a few more days basically, but i just checked my box and there it was :d. looks great, i'm taking it into my gameshop today and going to give some feedback.  the models look great, good job guys!
i have been watching these complaints pile in and not said anything for a while but thought i'd give another opinion. as a uk backer, i am eager to get hold of my copy. however, some people seem to be forgetting the main reason we had to wait a little bit longer, and that was the shirts. when cmon said they had delays, i was disappointed but realised it was something that was out of their control. they then could have gone two ways. ship out us orders or wait until they have the shirts and then send everything out together. they chose the former, which while unfortunate for non-us backers, probably helped them out as they could then split the shipments, making it easier to manage and complete. i still wonder what they would have done if there was no delay on the shirts (going by order number seems to make sense). overall, it sucks that we have to wait a little longer for our games, but i don't mind the wait knowing the quality of product i'll be getting in the next few weeks. as for the gencon debate, i'm quite happy that they took the game to the convention because that should mean the game will have a wider fanbase which will pay off in the long term with things like custom scenarios and possible future kickstarters for expansions. not sure about the raffle of abomination packs but that's their decision (although i can see how it could be salt in the wounds for some people). anyway, can't wait for my copy and hope everyone else enjoys their copies, whether they have it now or are eagerly anticipating it's arrival.
@erik - they said they weren't going to be available during gencon to respond to email  they also said before gencon that they would be shipping the rest of the games this week.   this whole internet anger thing has grown in less than 4 days. its a simple matter of timing. they only recieved their shipments just before the gaming convention of the year, so they shipped as many as they physically could before gencon, then told us they were off to gencon and the rest will be shipped asap when they get back.  i'm not picking on you mate, i'm just a little tired of seeing these "angry posts" when they said everything they needed to say. they didnt have to tell us they would be selling the product at gencon because quite frankly, they probably expected everyone to be grown up about it and have a little patience. we are not shareholders in this company, we simply helped turn an idea into a physical object and we will be recieving our investments + interest in literally days.  we were however, keen fans of this project, we want it to do well, we want it to be a big seller, because we like the fact that they went above and beyond and gave us tons of extra stuff cheap. for this product to do well, it has to be at gencon, creating buzz. and seeing the crew were all going there, they aren't around to pack orders (perhaps a few unfortunate souls actually were left behind to pack, but not at full capacity)  being the first to have something is only a short lived sensation, and one that holds no substantial rewards.  and i really can't believe someone would demand a refund literally days before recieving a product they've been looking forward to for so many months. seems a little like cutting one's nose off to spite one's face.
who gets priority in shipping, us people who you "confirmed" their orders now but not before or international?
coolmini just responded.  looks like it gets shipped this week.  i understand things are hectic there, just keep up informed, it's all i ask.
cool mini, please respond to my emails.  i understand things can go haywire especially with such a successful project.  but what is angering your backers is the lack of communication.  i have sent multiple emails to you and have not recieved a response.  i made a tracking number request very early as things started being sent, and again this morning.  i can be understanding to difficult circumstances but the disconnection to your investors is frustrating at best.  my order number is #1774, i've written three emails, please respond.
already got 6 seller on ebay. http://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html…
received my copy last week and was going to play on saturday. but the power went out and all we could see was the glowing dice. ;)  but i did play a couple solitaire games on sunday. i won mission 1, lost mission 2. very fun game. very dangerous game! extra zombie activation is brutal! and that gasoline is the holy grail of items! so, excellent work cmon!
ooh a zombicide update!  maybe some information on what's going on with our pledges...no?  maybe an apology for things getting out of hand...no?  oh, they are pawning off the games of unhappy customers...oh good.
and i'm out. the refund process was extremely easy. thank you.
@panic certainly, but it'd probably be a good idea not to confirm your personal details in public comments.  as stated numerous times, please drop us a pm or an email at kickstarter@coolminiornot.com with your amazon authorization id and we'll take you off our backers list and refund your pledge.
@cmon if the refund is available to everyone i'll have it. i don't think you deserve my $160.
any time for the downloadable map and scenario edtior?
not knowing anyone's specific circumstances i believe some of you may be righteous in your indignation but it's pretty disheartening to see how outright hostile some of these comments have been. it's not really a surprise that cmon's responses have been somewhat "cool." if you don't want your comments to be discounted as recreational bitching try to remain objective. ultimately cmon has stated they won't be addressing comments/complaints made here so if you have a specific (and hopefully legitimate) issue you need to contact them directly.
yeah, it's almost as if cmon just said f*** you you'll get your game by september. great way to treat your customers. how about this for an idea... wait for it... you look at the list of people who paid before those at gencon and you send us our games?
i just want to chime in as one of the us backers that paid immediately as well as saved his profile in may but have not gotten even a tracking number.  i sent an email right as things started rolling out but haven't received an email in response.  just tried sending another email, i'll update this post once i get word.  but as it is, count me in as another miffed backer.
seems like some of these issues may have been created due to the pledge manager allowing people to add additional items to their pledge after the project ended. this created some additional delays in processing while waiting for people to pay for the extra items. might be better off making these projects "all in" when the finish bell rings. either way it looks like congratulations are in order cmon, your a victim of your own success.
@andrew - posting here doesn't solve problems but it makes sure others know that their problems are the same as a lot of others.  "keeping it in prviate channels" is unwarranted censorship. this was cmons first kickstarter and they did a lot of things wrong, some badly wrong and the way sedition wars was run was an indication they might have been fast learners. i can understand the angst that some have, and i have also not yet received mine {{because i was not given the option of having my t-shirt sent later (unlike the "executive decision" to ship out us customers ahead of everyone else and their t-shirt comes later) the whole package is to be sent later ... and i am pledge #98 }} but my reassurance is that "est. delivery: sep 2012" is still likely to be met for all kickstarter backers and hopefully me too.
@eric teh xp scled as well. you start out with 1 xp per starting caharacter... so a six character game starts you at one away from adviancing to teh next leevl which means more and badder zombies coming out earlier... my kids and i played scenario 1 2x on sunday and lost both times. the first time we got lucky and quickly got all teh required loot but then got overwhelmed, teh second time we got manhandled as we opened teh very forst door and got 2 fatties in two of teh three rooms... one of teh other surviros opene the door to teh other building and sure enough we drew a fattie on that very first room... no one survided teh next round... hough we did have el cholo so in theory could have killed the fatties...
i think that cmon would have been better off just shipping them all at the same time whether it be before gen con or after. doing it the way they did just created frustrated backers.
@tom you're right it is a matter of perspective and i would be singing a different tune had something gone wrong but it would be reserved for the private communication channels. i enjoy being a fanboy and wanted to provide a comment that supports the side where cmon has kept their end for their supporters instead of the threats, rage, conspiracy theories, accusations and flaming. if you notice cmon's most recent post, they're trying to tell you our comments here don't solve any of the problems people are having. *highfive*
@eric: 1 player games use 4 survivors, not 6
@andrew that's a matter of perspective. i think the comments gushing about how great it is, what a deal it is, and how early it is makes backers look like mindless fanboys. i appreciate hearing the feedback about how things have gone wrong, painting a more complete picture of what's going on. perhaps you should keep the backslapping, highfiving, and hugging in private communication channels.
to me the biggest difference between zcide, sw, and rk is that with sw i felt cmon got/let the originating studio/company to play a much larger role here.  both mcveys and rob were in the comments all the time, posting, answering questions and typically defusing situations.  with both zcide and rk its more just cmon (with sporadic appearances from the designers) and with cmon having to proxy questions out to others.  and i wouldn't put the blame on cmon, but more on the "partnership" making it clear that a successful campaign in the "new world of blockbuster ksers" requires active commitment by the game designers. for those of you who have played, am i missing something: there is no scaling mechanic for the 4 or 5 player variant.  (in 1,2,3,6 player games you have 6 survivors in play, in the 4,5 are down a survivor or two from the start).  i've played through scenario 1 twice (which people were saying is "easy to lose in an hour'), both times we won in about 90 minutes -- but we had 6 survivors in play (and lost 1 and 3 in the two games).
hello, i got my copies just fine and put an unboxing video on youtube. got it very quickly and i have played up to scenario 4, created our own custom survivors, and even did a custom scenario story thing with npcs that gave me an idea for a zombicide story mode. awesome game that deserved the support we gave it! if you haven't received your game yet calm down and complain directly to cmon, posting here just makes kickstarter supporters look bad.
my buddy has had his copy since 2 weeks ago. we purchased the same exact level at about the same time. how come he got his copy, and i'm sitting here with out one???
@jerry you're mistaken about "altering posts". this is kickstarter, we can't edit comments after they are posted, have no control over the comment stream and are only able to edit our official updates, which we do not do. in general to everyone who's waiting for shipments and angry about it. as we've stated before, our position, as well as kickstarter's, is an obligation to deliver your rewards to you when we said we would.  we are going to do that (barring mishaps) - while your impatience is understandable, ultimately it is based on a misunderstanding of what you're supposed to be getting: 1. great game 2. with tons of freebies and exclusives/hard to get items 3. by september 2012 if you have a specific support issue, please drop us a pm or email at kickstarter@coolminiornot.com.  general complaints in the comments here about not being at the front of the line etc will not be responded to - take this as a blanket response - we're back, we'll be shipping again shortly, and you will likely get your rewards in short order.
hi theresa, first, sorry for the miscommunication on the events - in fact none were supposed to be scheduled but they were not cancelled properly by gencon until the first day, and although announcements were made in the event hall not everyone heard them. secondly, the abomination sets thrown out were actually parted out units with missing elements used to provide support, and as such were incomplete (most were missing dice and cholos). as for your specific issues, please drop us a pm or an email.  you are listed as paid (it's confusing right now, we'll correct it), and all pledges are locked.  we don't do support in comments as it's impossible to track.
also, after the raffle was done, they started throwing out free a-bomb sets.  even though it's cool for all the con-goers that bought the game there and didn't kickstart, you can imagine it was irritating for those of us who did back it to see those go out.... and we have yet to have our copies of any part of the game.
i was super excited to demo the game at gen con after my copy failed to show up in the first wave (even though i turned in everything with plenty of time to spare).  when i waited at the demo table for 30 minutes just to have a guy come up and tell me it was cancelled, i was a little irked.  then i found out that all the demos were cancelled so they could spend all their time selling it and throwing promos at the con-goers.  i wouldn't have minded so much, but when i saw they were raffling off an extra a-bomb set for those who bought the game at gen con, that set me off a bit.  i put in a lot of money and am an investor.  is is so wrong to think that i, along with my fellow kickstarters, were entitled to our copies before the general public?  i really don't think so.  i emailed cmon on tuesday about my copy, and i have yet to hear back from them.  i understand that with gen con, they were probably busy, but come on.  ridiculous.  not only did i not get my copy in the first wave, even though it was implied that i would since i did everything early, but now i have a mystery $100 that is unpaid?  pretty sure i checked my bank statement, and all the money i pledged was taken out.  i would like a response to that.  do something decent for those who invested their hard-earned money into your project!
so you're standing in line for a game you pre purchased, it is being released early yay how exciting! some are given out, then halfway through the line it stops moving. the lucky pre purchasers who received their games greedily open their boxes and exclaim how awesome everything is! the person at the counter starts explaining the game to curious shoppers wondering what all the fuss is about. the curious shopper is sold, "i'll take one!" they get what they paid for. this goes on for an hour. i don't understand why anyone would think the people in line would not be frustrated. especially gamers.
you can jargon it all up as much as you want, i paid money for a game... i'm a customer. cmon is sitting on the games and not mailing them out so that the can spend their time selling more copies of the game. not cool. i've bought zombicide and sedation wars, but i'm not buying more from them until i hear that they treat their customers with respect. (i'm sorry soda pop but take a look at who you've gotten into bed with and how they will treat your customers.)
did'nt they say the 1st wave would be shipping early in aug? which suggests multiple waves, no? did everyone forget the only date they promised was september 2012? maybe everyone should lay off the panic and rage buttons until about mid september. because until september passes completely by, noone has been wronged. we backed the project. these are gifts for backing the project, i know it's been said seveeral times, we are not customers. wse all need to get back in fonzy mode, we backed a very cool project which appeals to us. we should be excited, not angry.
@jerry: i dont think that selling the game at gencon was something that had to be done. promoting and presenting the game doesnt mean you have to sell it right away...set up a few games for testing and presentation. taking preorders with a few goodies like a kickstarter lite version. there are lots of possibilities to promote zombicide without pissing off a lot of kickstarters. they knew what would happen and did it anyway...without telling or asking us... apart from that i totally agree with the rest of your comment. getting the game before it was sold was something that was promised to us...even if it was just implied... and about that "refunding" ... we are not costumers...we invested money into this project and in return we were promised extra stuff and getting the game first.  refunding us would be like getting only your initial money back after you were promised a fixed interest rate after the project went well. fucking joke... and its not like they couldn't have handled this whole mess better...easy actually...just ask or tell the kickstarters and perhaps add a little bit of compensation for the guys getting the game after it was sold at conventions. like "hey...we totally have to do this so pls dont be mad and we throw in a few more zombies when the next shipping phase starts." don't get me wrong...i think this game will be awesome and totally worth the waiting. i just don't like companies that take my money and then shit on my head...even if they sell a good product. i'm  really disappointed in cmon and i dont think i will buy other stuff from them ... except for future zombicide expansions... =( please excuse my horrible english...
anyone have a tutorial video up on playing the game, like on youtube or anything. greatly appreciate the help guys
erasing posts, turtling, and going quiet until the next wave ships isn't the worst strategy. most of us will go away quietly when our toys show up. i'd have chosen to be more upfront about it to minimize resentments, but meh, whatever. vote with your dollars on how you want to be treated.
i said this before, it's not the selling at the conventions that bugs me.  that has to happen to promote the game.  there are two things that bug me about it.   first, i do believe i will get what i paid for, i am just unhappy with the customer support at this point.  i understand production problems, logistics problems....trust me i develop products in my real job. i know things can go wrong.  yet it is how the whole thing is being handled. #1  not being upfront that it would happen...and comn altered their posts here about that.  they said at first they were not then altered  the past.  that's pure bs.  you can't search the comments here for it, some of the statements they made are gone or altered. #2 backers are being treated like "customers".  we aren't.  for this run we are essentially investors.  comments, concerns, and complaints need to be treated a valid concerns (even if not), because we have gone the extra mile and have implicit trust....otherwise we would not have done the whole kickstarter deal.  even those comments by cmon are gone or altered.  the pat response was something like "if you are upset we can refund your money".  really?  it is that flippant response that stopped me from going in on relic.  but again...i'm crazy since there is no history of that. i have no problem with marketing at gencon, origins, or any other convention.  yet we should be have been told upfront. both because we made a personal (and financial) investment in this first run production, and second it's just good business to inform people.   i can completely understand that shipments happen the way they do...people can only do so much.  but be upfront....give us the gouge on what is going on. why?  maybe i would have sent some bucks with a buddy who was going to gencon to pick me up another copy.  maybe i would have gotten my friends to get one as well.   i could have helped promote it.
woohoo got mine today! thanks guys for delivering ahead of schedule. great pieces great quality gonna get a game on later today!
mostly it's because announcments are made a gencon, always have been, always will be, if they put it on the web first gencon would get screwed, what they needed to do was do both over the weekend, however everyone is at gencon and can't post on the websites, hence most mini companys over the last week saying they will be unavailable this week.
also disapppointing to not only see them reveal the ipad app at gencon, but to simply not update ks backers about it here even after advertising it at gencon first. definitely getting the feeling that now they have our money they don't care anymore, even if thats not the case it is the impression lots of people seem to have and thats something you shouldn't allow customers to believe.
mine has an anticipated ship date of aug 8th, 2012!! i can't wait!! i guess fedex employees are playing with mine.
i've been trying to go on the coolminiornot website and nothing comes up, whats up with that?
absolutely ridiculous should not be aloud  to sell them before all backers receive them, none of my other projects i backed did this all 80 of them.
i'm a us a backer, and i'm still waiting (turned in everything on time).  i sent an email and still no response.
i'm a us a backer, and i'm still waiting (turned in everything on time).  i sent an email and still no response.
@ian, i agree but relic knights while being handeled by cmon is a game by soda pop miniatures... so really you are punishing sodapop for your disatisfaction with cmon. for the international backers i fell bad that you havent gotten yours yet. i think that since the game was being sent from teh us, it is reasonable that the us backers would be getting theirs sooner. just as if i backed a european distributed game i would expect european backers to get it first, i think it is pretty crummy that they are selling the games at gencon when not every backer has received theirs. does anyone know if they are selkling the promo figs too? and i know this is not much comfort, but i can say the game is great and will be worth the wait.
@eric n, we did scenerio 1 in about 2 1/2 hours. only 1 of 4 survived. we split up 2x2, tried to all level up in sequence. we were pretty lucky with our spawns too. the more mobile characters drew attention from the other 2 who tried to stay out of site and quiet while gathering goods. @panic, the game was slated for september, they have most of them out, i would say thier s### is together. it's a quality product and they have a good head start ahead of schedule. it's crappy some are being sold at conventions before some backers get thiers.
relic knights, of course. realized right after i clicked post button!
i asked if an international backer could collect their reward if at gen con. no response. i asked if the refund offer made to another backer was open to everyone. again no response. this was before they left for gen con, as enquiries made by others posted after mine were answered. very disappointing. i feel that some international backers have been a bit too strong in their criticisms, but it is certainly disappointing to be made to feel like a lower priority than domestic backers. i don't believe that any disrespect was intended, the shipping announcement was just a bit clumsy. it's only a game we're talking about here, so it's not the end of the world, but when i spend $165 on something, i want to feel good about it, not disappointed. for this reason i've decided not to back relic wars. if cmon are really so busy right now, they probably shouldn't be running another kickstarter at the same time as everything else.
i thought that kickstarters would be first to have the game. they can't even be bothered to justify themselves here. cmon has our money now and obviously doesn't care how long we have to wait and are obviously willing to sell the game to anyone. total lack of respect.. i'm not backing another cmon project until they get their shit in order.
abomination sets are getting flipped on ebay for a pretty tidy profit as well. after auctioning the extra promos in the spring of 2013 they'll end up making a killing.
considering the original estimated delivery date was september, and those of us oversees probably never would have got it before it went on general release in the us, i don't think we can complain at all. and remember, we'll be getting stuff that most (if not all) of the people that buy it at gencon won't get.
does seem a little weird that my international order hasn't shipped yet and copies are being sold at the gencon. that's marketing i guess.
this fuckin sucks dick, kickstarters should have theirs before anybody coolio i think i should get free shipping or something free you bastards :...(
i agree, scenario 1 takes about an hour to get eaten... played it twice, and for simplicity sake with only 4 survivors.... which should be possible! made it less than 1/2 way both times... oh yeah... molotovs rock! but watch out for that xp spike!
played and easily beat the tutorial scenario over lunch... hope to try scenario one later today.  i do think we learned some bad habits -- everyone just ran in to melee right before all the ranged people's turns.  got fairly lucky and only had one wound (even though wanda kept wiffing with her chainsaw).
well, it's a week later than the one my friend got (and has been in town bouncing between fedex locations for that long too) but i finally have it! i knew i should have driven an hour to pick it up before it could leave the first in town fedex location.
@billy gove, yes, they have 200 for sale according to their webpage linked at right .   further, they are also giving away several abomination packs.   source:  http://www.coolminiornot.com/
@eric: scenerio 1 takes about 1 hour to lose
got my set yesterday, hoping to try it out today.  does anyone have any feedback on how long the various scenarios take?  i know the main page listed the 20 minutes for the beginner board, and upto 3 hours for the expert board, but i don't see the scenarios rated like that, is the first scenario 'beginner" while all the rest are expert?  ideally i'd have a ~1 hour type game for the first try.
i hope those ones at the convention aren't for sale because that would really suck considering i helped fund this project i don't think that would be fair to us folk who haven't received them yet :(
ok, maybe zombicide is not a global conspiracy where everyone fakes pictures of the game to make me feel bad. my copy showed up intact yesterday, and i never got a tracking number... its fun but already lost!
can we get some official word on the reason for cancellation perhaps-i was also looking forward to walking through a demo game?
really, really, really disappointed that the demos games at gencon were cancelled..
lol, nice joey!
and eagle, cts, troy.  ok, i guess i answered my own questions.  :)
ok, i see eva, marvin, ivy, and claudia will ship in 2013...
ok, it looks to me like all zombie counterparts will ship with the expansion.  but what about all the extra characters?  just wondering...
i realize that some stuff doesn't come until 2013 (like the tshirt), but i'm not sure whether i got everything i paid for (this would have been a lot easier wih a detailed packing slip).  i ordered the $100 reward, including abomination package (received?) and all of those goodies, plus duplicate tile set (received), eva, marvin, ivy, and claudia.  i did receive dave the geek, el cholo, and nick walker, however i don't think i received heir zombie counterparts--do zombie counterparts ship in 2013?  i also didn't receive eva, marvin, ivy, and claudia--do they ship in 2013?  i also didn't receive eagle, cts, troy, or their zombie counterparts--do those ship in 2013?  if all of this stuff doesn't ship until 2013, that's just fine--i'm just trying to figure out whether i am missing something that should have shipped. also, a suggestion for the expansion:  character backstory cards.  right now, some are on the outside of the inside edge of the big box, and the rest are on the individual boxes the extra character characters came in, which but for that back story, i would have no reason to keep.
whoa! is the app available now? there's an advertisement on the poster for it.
if you haven't gotten your zombicide yet there is a bunch over here. http://a2.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/456446_10151023609647945_315065158_o.jpg
@robin: good point @kevin @brad: i'm pretty sure that's normal. the foam is not designed to entirely cover the miniatures, just keep them from banging around and getting damaged.
played our first session last night. i now have 3 buddies who want to know when the retail version hits.
@ david, billy: no way is that how it works, ranged weapons have 0 range as a feature, not worthlessly. you shoot other survivors before zombies, but you do not shoot yourself. the downside is for if one of your pals is in there meleeing, you cant back them up with ranged.
@scott: the abomination pack came with mine, you should have received it. @brad kane: i have the same problem, most of my miniatures have the tops of their heads sticking out.  does anyone know if this is normal or a defect?
got my zombicide yesterday.  i ordered the abomination pack, but i think i have the vanilla box set.  is it supposed to come separately, or was there a mix-up or something?
the foam trays are too short and half the heads of my miniatures are poking out.  who should i contact about this?
the game just arrived today.  oh my goodness everything looks so great i can't wait to paint everything up and play with my friends.  thank you for getting everything to us so early and fantastic job overall :d
cool, thanks
@david yes, you kill every survivor before you start with the zombies. i would assume you shoot yourself because you don't want to turn into a zombie. equip a melee weapon in the other hand and use that instead.
i agree with keavin.  my box is full to overflowing, with only 3 slots for figures left.  a total of 110 slots in the foam, and we're supposed to end up with 114 figures.  currently i'm at 107.  by my count, i'm still due about 9 figures for the abomination set, not even considering the optional figures so i don't know where i'm going to put everything. other than that, i like everything i've gotten so far.  (smiles)
so let me get this straight. if i am shooting a ranged weapon into a square with survivors and zombies i must kill every survivor before i can kill any zombies? doesn't this mean if i am shooting a ranged weapon at a zombie in my own zone i will incur wounds before he does? also after turn one who gets the first player token?
1) rooms can be searched an unlimited number of tmies 2) no calling of targets for ranged weapons except for the sniper rifle and special abilities. if a survivor is in a zone with zombies, either a) move him out before using ranged weapons or b) run other survivors into the zone to kill the zombies, requiring those with a range weapon to also have a melee weapon in the other hand 3) same rules apply as #2, use melee instead 4) melee weapons can always choose targets 5) the sawed off shotgun will not require an action to reload if it was used as the last action of the phase. the sawed off is reset at the beginning of each survivors turn. you can always use your first action to attack with it regardless of if you ended the last turn using it and have not reloaded in between.
i have a few questions regarding the zombicide rules 1.	can a survivor search a room another survivor has searched. that is, can all of the survivors each search all of the rooms in a given building. or is it that once a room is searched then it can’t be searched again by anyone? 2. when using a shotgun firing into a zone with a survivor and say two walkers in it do you  a. roll two dice and always assign the first wound to the survivor. and the second wound to either of the two walkers or do you b. call your targets as you roll each of the shotgun’s two dice, calling the survivor first. if that die misses then you call another walker as the next target rolling a dice for it? which situation obtains? 3. if you and another survivor are in the same square with walkers and you use a ranged weapon do the same rules apply as in question 2? 4. if you and another survivor are in the same square with walkers and you use a melee weapon can you simply always call your targets or must you follow the same targeting priorities as if you were using a ranged weapon? the sawed off shotgun card has a notation that says 1 action to reload. i get that part, but then it says “free if in end phase” what is the “end phase? thank you for you assistance.
got mine yesterday. funnily, it swooped through town twice before heading out of state and finally making it in. i was biting my nails. i ran scenario 1 by myself to get familiar with the rules. holy cow is it tough. i ran scenario 8 for me and three friends and it was a blast. we could have won right after the zombie turn (despite spawning the abomination turn 2!), but the "all fatties get an extra activation" card killed josh and ruined plan a. the game went on for another hour with all survivors making it into orange, and phil was at red and blasting everything away with a shotgun. doug rushed a group of 14 walkers and 2 fatties and nearly killed them all with a chainsaw but died gloriously, enabling phil and amy to get within 1 square of the final objective. the "all runners get an extra activation" card killed them right outside the door. what a close game! i can't wait to play with 6 people and have a stronger, better coordinated group.
@steve, thanks
i just saw an unboxing of zombicide video up on you tube. many stuff in the box. great work!
@brian, there shouldn't be any reason you only got one of them... i have seen several unboxings/posts about people getting two, can't see why it would be different for 3. thats strange. i think the email you want is kickstarter@coolminiornot.com
i pledged at the triplets level, but i only received one copy of the game. does anyone know if they are breaking up the shipments? and what is the email address?
i just put an unboxing video up on you tube. take a look. http://youtu.be/a_kvzfuu_du
got mine today, not at all disapointed, well done guys! cannot wait for the scenerio editor!
damm u lucky guys got the game already. want to know for overseas backer issues like mispacked items, missing items or damaged boards/minis/etc what do poor us do about it? *_* pls give us step by step instructions.
@keavin for full disclosure, i do not have the extra tiles, but i would hope that you didn't expect those to fit from the beginning. they also said that the battle foam would be raised when they first brought it up.
@keavin sure you can. the top will just be raised about a third of an inch. since the box is 4 inches high, and fits tight, that doesn't cause any issue. that's how my abomination set is packed.
@keavin hill: will the tiles fit well in the 'abomination pack' box?
received my abomination pack today... and i am sorry to say i have a complaint to lodge.  :(   after opening everything up and getting it all situated i realized the at the basic box cannot contain the awesomeness of the abomination pack!  with the foam figure shelves inserted into the basic box i can no longer hold any of the play tiles inside the box not to mention the extra tile pack i purchased.  if in the future a carrying device for the tiles could be imagined i would happily throw more money at you.  take my money please!!!!  this is such an amazing product!!!!  i am very please with the entire experience of this process from start to finish you guys are amazing!!!
@richard: if it was 'not wanting non-kickstarter people thinking they'll be able to get them' then they'd have pulled the designers notes entries too, i'm sure we'll end up with the right number of minis in the end, they might not be quite what we expected though (but i doubt they'll be too far removed) @james: that would be my opinion too - they fall under satire so should be ok - however some stars can be very protective of their image and i expect the stars in question can afford much better ip lawyers than either gg or cmon. hopefully though there's some other reason why they've disappeared, they'll be back soon enough, and all will be right with the world again (oh, apart from the impending danger of being overwhelmed by the zombie hordes!)
i'm happy a lot of us people are getting copies of zombicide - but cmon,  any idea when you'll be shipping canadian or uk orders? you know, since we actually had to pay for shipping and all that?
@aje007 what do you recommend for storing the miniatures that doesn't cost $40? i like the idea of the foam but the price is what made me not purchase it.
@troy that would not be cool. if you look at one of the female zombies, it appears that the face was altered already. it used to look like danica talos from blade trinity (you can look at the ones on the home page). now, ti looks nothing like that.
i wounder if the same thing will happen to swba with the promos if a copyright thing happens here
maybe the pictures of the extras disappeared because they have modified the designs of them a bit?
@billy wow. it mad me cringe reading your comment. i have to protect even my 5 dollar games with sleeves on the cards and things like that. for this game to be so expensive, i had to get the inserts. i also plan on painting my miniatures, so i just pictured opening the box and seeing chipped paint and broken arms everywhere.
i didn't get the foam inserts. i used sandwich sized zip lock bags to hold the miniatures. 1 bag for actors, 1 bag for walkers, 1 bag for runners, and 1 bag for fatties & aboms. also used 1 bag for dice & cards, with rubber bands to hold the cards together. and 1 bag for the tokens. everything fits just fine in the box now.
well, they haven't responded to my post here or to the email i sent. at least they had someone go into the manager and change my country from locked-blank to locked-usa. since there's been no response i'm not sure if this means it's secured me a nice spot at the back of the queue or if there remains another error. next time i'll make sure to buy a small trinket at the after-party to curry favor for a front row seat. meanwhile, good luck to those of you that already have yours on ebay! :)
i really doubt they are being pulled for copyright reasons, they were not copyright infringements, only inspirations.
ivy might disappear soon too, as of right now the ks exclusive add-on character's images of marvin, eva, claudia are gone, these are the characters that were exclusive to kickstarter backers who bought them during the campaign, and that might be the reason there images are being pulled because they don't want others thinking they will be available to purchase in the future. or it could in fact be a legal issue. all i know for sure is many of us paid for those 4 exclusive characters (8 with zombie ver.), i hope we will still be getting what we paid for.
marvin and eva are now gone too
they were there the other day
i bet there is...
just a very minor, i hope, concern, but it's been noticed that some of the survivor pictures have disappeared from the project home page. is there a copyright issue?
woohoo! my package arrived today! it was very well packed and i am so happy i got the foam inserts. the tiles don't seem to fit with foam inserts plus other stuff, but that's ok...i did get the extra tiles. :) so i spent a good amount of time opening box after box after box. such a good problem to have. :) and then fighting the cats who decided to chew on my discarded boxes. at least they were discarded boxes. :) and then showing all my stuff off to my fiancee. :) thanks for getting it here before gen con!
just got mine after work today. fantastic shipping/packaging, one of the nicest one-box mini's based board games i've bought. . makes me regret not ordering the battlefoam inserts to begin with, now i need to wait till after gencon to haul everything around in one box.
just got mine, it's sitting in front of me as i type this.  looks fantastic.
mine was 10 miles away. now it's 200 miles away and passed right threw my city :( twice -_-
got mine today, looks great! taking it to gencon to play between events.
did anyone get theirs that didnt get a tracking number?
hooray! after a slight out-of-state detour so that the post office would have something to do, i just got my box - thanks, cmon! glad it got here at the end of the day - just a few more minutes and i can go home. if it had gotten here this morning i'd have been distracted all day. :)
i just got mine, and i'm going to do my first unboxing video! now i'll just need some paints...
eva, marvin, ivy, claudia, "eagle" chaz, cardboard tube samurai, and troy all ship around q2 2013. 1) yes, just shuffle them up and keep going. 2) we've been playing that it goes into whatever opened spot you choose. if you have two cards in hand, it automatically goes to reserve. if you have an open hand, you choose if you want it to go there or not.
@alan they say they are supposed to ship around q2 2013. i have a couple gameplay questions, 1.  are you supposed to shuffle the zombie spawn cards for your mission?  and when you go through them all before the game ends, do you just flip them over and start pulling from the top again? 2.  when you search for an equipment, if you have an open slot in hand...does it go straight there or do you have to spend another action point to equip it?
just to clarify, i am assuming eva, marvin, ivy and claudia figures are shipping later? anyone know?
ship date: aug 9, 2012 estimated delivery: aug 17, 2012 can't wait !!!
ahh man... i am sad! i paid early and saved early and i still haven't gotten so much as a tracking number! i have to listen to everyone else brag! :p any chance on an update coolmini? pretty please!????
zombies =bad! = 1 molotov = good! = 6 at least that's the case in my copies of the game...
yeah, i suppose so.  i was just wondering if anyone knew of the "intended" use. thanks.
@tim, they're opposite so it really doesn't matter at all if you choose to make molotov 6 and zombie a 1, as long as you choose one and do it consistently.
question on the custom dice: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/posts/206066 from the design of the dice, it looks like zombie is 6 and molotov is 1, but i was sort of assuming those would be reversed. any thoughts?
ran through the demo as well as scenario 1, this game is fantasticlly fun, however many parts of the rules are written poorly, i assume this is translation issues as it seems more like engrish, than anything. with a few moments delay in the game, we re-read the rules in question and have figured everything out. going to be running a demo game at my local hobby store tonight. i have a feeling i am going to burn this game up playing it so often !
coolminiornot has a fourum here http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
mine came in the mail yesterday, and i am thrilled with it.  my middle son and i played through the tutorial mission while reading the rules...  i'm looking forward to getting to know this game, and will be watching the board game geek forum for it to help with questions that come up along the way.  great product!
woot!  i got mine in the mail finally!  i've base-coated all the minis, and now begins the long process of getting them all painted up.  i may put together some custom storage options with foam later on, but for now the plastic bubbles seem to be the ideal organizers. at first, i thought these looked a bit smaller than i imagined ... but then i compared them to my other zombie miniatures. of possible interest to "grot 6," i did a line-up comparison:   https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-logporxkec0/uce35rwdh7i/aaaaaaaac3s/ms2_6pfpraq/s621/2012-08-12-zombicide-lineup.jpg  i think my initial reaction was because the zombie figures have more realistic proportions (i.e., thinner limbs) than many of the metal figures i have, and certainly more so than my horrorclix zombies.  in the line-up, however, they are certainly far taller than my zombies!!! minis (true 25mm scale - measured to top of head).  they look to be about the same scale as my reaper chronoscope zombies and zombie-survivors (of which i've posted "aldorf hinzler" as a silly representative), which is of particular interest for me for rpg usage. the typical walker in zombicide measures almost spot-on 1.25" from base of foot to eye level, making it "32mm heroic" scale, a little shorter than 1:50 scale (if you're looking for putting the minis next to comparable vehicles and scenery).  technically, this is also the same scale as reaper's chronoscope line, and dust tactics, but both of the latter have thicker proportions and look more at home next to 1:48 scale vehicles. for comparison with other board games, the zombies!!! zombies (also from the "bag o' zombies!!!") measure almost exactly 1" from base of heel to top of head, putting them in the true 25mm or 1:72 scale range.
@ john s. fetzik: i just watched the unboxing video and have to say that my anticipation is now running on overload. i would encourage everyone who hasn't received their copy to check out this video and whet your appetite. the care (and cardboard) used to box up the game really speaks to the level of quality used to produce this game. after seeing all those thermo-formed plastic bubbles used to individually store the minitiatures makes me glad i didn't spring extra money for the battle foam.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@brian.  i've been wandering about that myself.   i know board game geek has a zombicide forum, not sure if its the best though. http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/113924/zombicide#forums
got mine yesterday too. no issues, arrived early, probably going to open one today so i can beat jalister on playing it first. :) @randy, my litho's are signed... looks like a stamp on the lower right hand corner. upon closer examination (and having two copies helped) i realized it's just a unique "signature" (but real). looks like a sharpie was used. question for anyone/everyone... is there a forum or something that we all can keep in touch with game play questions and the like in the future?
@jesse, haven't played yet but my interpretation was that zombies wouldn't see a locked door as a pathway, so they'd go around. if they were trapped inside a building they just stayed there. not sure about the ammo question.
got my copy in today. absolutely amazing quality.
just got done with an all day play session.  few holes in the rules that i have questions about thought.  if you have 2 ammo cards do you get 2 rerolls?  how does zombie movement interact with locked doors, do they ignore them, stand at them, try and tear them down?
my copy showed up late today. tracking showed it would be arriving monday. nice that i got it before leaving for gen con. i guess i know what new game we will be trying out during the con this year. ;-) the lithograph, additional abomination, three characters, glow dice, black dice and extra set of dice i ordered were included. the following were not in this shipment. based on updates and other info i expect they will ship later. the t-shirt was not included. the zombie counterparts:3 miniatures  1 eagle / zombie eagle - 2 miniatures  1 cardboard tube samurai / zombie cts - 2 miniatures  1 troy / zombie troy - 2 miniatures i uploaded some photos and an unboxing video to google+, https://plus.google.com/photos/115881861230009255582/albums/5775625014735591185
best zombie game yet?  for a video game like zombie themed board game, i think so.  nice job cmon!!!  i am thorough please with my purchase!!!
got my copy yesterday morning. played two fulls games last night and had a blast.  the game is really fun and really pushes your group to work together and group think.  excellent job guys.
my two copies arrived today after several scenic detours all over atlanta.  i don't blame cmon for "stupidpost" and their slow delivery, they are just using the best and most cost effective shipping option to get packages all over the country.  the size and weight of the boxes make them not so cheap to mail.  on a related note, my wife got a "smartpost" package in two days from several states away, so the issues i had were related to distribution problems between fedex and usps here in atlanta. in regards tot he game, mine came in perfect condition with no damage at all from shipping.  cmon used foam corner pieces to prevent the games from shifting and moving in the box and they appear to have worked well in my case.  after unpacking one copy and pulling everything out of the boxes, i must say all the printed materials (box, tiles, rules etc) look great.  the tiles, box and tokens all have a nice texture to them as well as a very flat appearance.  the colors seem pretty nice and crisp as well.  for those with super dungeon explore, this is a marked improvement by cmon over that game's printed parts and especially the box, so it is clear that cmon is getting much better at game production.  likely all the kickstarter funds and preorders helped some as well!  :)  the miniatures look really good.  while they are not the really hard plastic used for wargame miniatures, they are much better quality than the soft plastic normally found in boardgames.  i'm fairly certain that the plastic for sedition wars is supposed to be a harder and higher grade from these.  overall, i think the zombicide minis will paint up well for those that have the time and interest in going that route and they will also look great for those wanting to leave them bare plastic. the only real surprise i got was the small size of the cards for the game.  this does not bother me, it was just unexpected.  i may be a little concerned about them getting lost, but at least i don't have to worry about players abusing them by bending them and treating them like cheap playing cards. overall, i must say that i am very happy with my purchase and looking forward  to all the other extras next year.  now i have to find a little time to have some friends over and play the game. hope all of your games arrive safe and sound in the near future.
ye-yeah! http://t.co/18gkelz jus said my goodbyes to the wifey and kids
why do i have to be out of town when it is delivered to my house!!!!!!! :( but seriously, tomorrow when i get back into town i'm so gonna force some people to play with me.
you know what sucks? mine is 10 miles away and i wont get it tell monday.
i got my tracking # and it said the 13th but arrived today.the quality of the game is outstanding, rivaling products from fantasy flight and wizards of the coast. great job!!!! can't wait to play it. storage is a bit of an issue but that is no big deal compared to the quantity and quality of the components.
according to my tracking i should receive my copies on 8/15. from my experience fedex smartpost shipping has generally always arrived earlier than the actual projected date so hears hoping. and despite the name there's really nothing "smart" about this type of shipping since you now involve two different shipping companies (fedex and usps). it can get extremely complicated should your package get lost or damaged since neither company is going to want to take ownership of the liability.  considering the number of backers and size of the mass mailing i'm not totally surprised of few missed items or unsigned lithograps (though technically they all should be signed). i'm sure cmon will make good on missed items and this is bound to be a learning experience which can be applied towards sedition wars and relic knights.
i got mine today completly blown away i love it cannot wait to play!!!!
i got my abomination today.  tracking said it would arrive on monday but received on saturday, two days early. thank you, and best of luck to guillotine games and coolminiornot.
mine arrived today.  my litho wasn't signed, but no big deal on that.  everything else that was supposed to be in this shipment arrived.  congratulations cmon, you are the first kickstarter i've backed that shipped on time...and the fact that you shipped early makes it all the better. i'm very happy with the quality of the parts.  i was expecting boards made of 110 cardstock and soft plastic figures, these are much nicer. now, just need to wait until march for the rest of the stuff.
never mind. i'm a lying liar who lies. it should arrive on the 14th. my wife gets back in town on the 16th. i can't really tell which excites me more...
sheesh. i'm getting jumpy. there was a ups truck at work and i had a moment of, "holy crap! no way!" i don't have my tracking number yet, so i'll just have to relax and let it happen.
no tracking number for me as well. i am going to assume that  mine was not sent out and will not be sent out until after gencon. it is kind of annoying that the people that kickstarted the game will not have copies even though people that attend gencon will be able to buy the game before the backers. does not seem fair to me.
mine arrived today. everything looks good. nice quality on the plastic figures. it was always understood some of the extra items would ship later, unless i read it wrong. i got the extra fatties/walkers/abomination and the three special hero pieces. i got both the black and white dice and the extra small pack of cards also so i think it was all there so far. i like the size of the game once you get the boards mashed together. ther is room for the zombie hordes to let them roam.
just got my abom in today.  really, really impressed guiotine games and cmon. well done.
got my abom box today and so far all the components look great.  too bad fedex doesn't know how to ship things without beating them to hell.
i didn't see any weapons that could kill an abomination in the cards. apparently only a molotov cocktail can. and you need to find the components to make it. this game is pretty intense. everyone starting running and searching for the items to make the cocktail when the abom hit the board.
anyone fancy posting a group photo of their zombies from abomination level or above?  want to see if it looks like a proper hoard of zeds. also anyone know if any of the zombies will be available separately at some point?
thanks alot guys!  i knew there were some items that shipped separately - but since there were so many i thought i'd double check. i am definitely missing the litho, black dice and abomination mini.
@david the hero-zombie-counterparts and stretchgoal heroes gonna be shipped with the expansion. t-shirts got stucked at customs, but i am wondering why you didn't get  +1 abomination mini  + signed litho + black dices well, i am from europe, so i got to wait a bit ;)
@david, from my understanding all the shipped in this first batch is the base game, the extra zombie figurines, and the first three of the promo figurines. that being nick, dave and el cholo.
i got my package today....but it's missing alot of items.  can you let me know what items from the base $100 level are shipping later and what should be in  the package? missing the signed litho, the t-shirt the zombie counterparts:3 miniatures 1 additional abomination - 1 miniature 1 eagle / zombie eagle - 2 miniatures 1 cardboard tube samurai / zombie cts - 2 miniatures 1 troy / zombie troy - 2 miniatures 6 custom black dice
i pledged a painted set, which was indicated not to ship until october, but i received a notification with a fed-ex tracking number and the package looks pretty heavy.   was other stuff being sent ahead of the painted set?
i did not pledge a painted set. i am in the us.   i logged in, confirmed my choices,  and as far as i know i confirmed my choices, i suppose its possible i didnt, but i dont think that was the case.  i will try to email them.
if you answer yes to any of those questions, that's why. if you answer no to all of them, then you may want to contact cmon via email.
did you pledge for a painted set? and/or, didn't logged in to ckpm and/or didn't save your pledge? and/or, are you not in the us?
i paid on may 5th, but didnt get a tracking number....  should i be worried?
i came here hoping there might be a comment to that effect - unless i didn't see it, there isn't. :( apparently guillotine games have described it as a "mistake" on their facebook page (but i don't do facebook, so i don't know for sure what was said) and to me "mistake" implies something that might get 'corrected'.
@scott i got 8 runners. i believe they mentioned they will. because its an extra insert of zombies that come with the regular game and was easier for them than creating different packaging.
@cmon: will every abomination pack contain 8 runners instead of 6?
mine is in limbo. lol my track number just says it's in transit and has been for 4 days
i pledged survivor level, does that mean mine is after gen con?
i didn't get my stuff because i didn't want any additional stuff apparently.
just got my stuff in atlanta, and this is so much higher quality than i expected. i can't wait to play.
nothing in mesa.  not even a tracking number. :(
grrrr....don't even have a tracking # yet. i want me my abomination zombicide:)
wooty woot!
t-shirts are coming with the second shipment next spring. (they were delayed,so they shipped the games out and moved them to the second shipment for us backers. international backers will get their shirts with the game, but theirs won't be shipped out until after gencon. if you ordered abomination level, in your box should be; base game abomination pack: -8 runners, 4 fatties, 20 zombies (basically an extra "holder" full.) -1 abomination -12 extra zombie cards -6 black dice -6 glow in the dark dice -3 promo figures (dave, el cholo, & nick) -1 signed lithograph plus any extra dice or extra tiles sets you may have purchased. the box next spring should contain: -3 promo zombies (dave, el cholo, & nick) -1 eagle -1 zombie eagle -1 cardboard tube samurai -1 zombie cardboard tube samurai -1 troy -1 zombie troy -1 t-shirt plus any other promo minis you purchased (martin, eva, claudia, ivy & their zombie counterparts)
please note, zombie promo versions of survivors and extras are only slated to ship q2 2013 (possibly q1, here's hoping).  t-shirts to us backers go out then too!
woot!  received this today despite the tracking number indicating next monday.  this is my first kickstarter delivery (after investing over $800 across various projects) so i am pleased to say the doubting wife indicated "i have to admit, it looks pretty cool" as i was unboxing it.  i'm sure she will be loving it by the time we are all unpacked and slaughtering the undead! also curious about all the extras - this was the "kickstarter abomination pack" with the various bonuses expected in that, but no tshirt or special minis (or zombie promo minis).  please advise / remind! thanks cmon!  can't wait to sit down and play.
i received mine today as well (in north jersey as well) and things are definitely looking good. does anyone know when the special minis will be sent (like ivy for instance?) as well as the t-shirt? mine shipment did not come with these... i've seen a few mentions of q2 2013, but i can't find any explicit info anywhere. thanks!
just received mine in north jersey an hour ago. the game is, simply put, beautiful. the box is high quality with a nice textured finish, and all the minis are quite detailed. everything fits perfectly in the box. haven't had a chance to play yet, but the rules seem fast and fun. this is my first non-mainstream boardgame, so i didn't know anything about cmon or the rest of the hobbyist community, but i am very impressed and pleased. i can't wait to see pictures of painted minis and 3d maps that people have mentioned on the forum.
i don't even have a tracking number yet.  very very sad.
another "circuitous routing" story for the list: i'm in downtown chicago. yesterday, my shipment was apparently at the fedex facility in chicago. this morning, it got sent to the smartpost facility in new berlin, wi. grrrrrrrrrr!!! my estimated delivery is tuesday - here's hoping i get lucky on monday. :]
@ eric, i feel for you.  my package will likely travel at least 140 miles within the atlanta area to get to me and take 6 or seven days.  my wife laughed at me since she is taking pleasure in the delay after how much i was looking forward to it coming.  maybe i will get lucky and it will appear tomorrow.
just got my copy in washington dc. anyone want to play with my group pm me.
@ jeff - i feel ya, with the way the shipping is set up i'm fairly sure it drove by my house on a fedex truck to goto the post office to get to me.  :-p
now that games are showing up, if you live in the boston area, let me know. aje007@gmail.com i know a few spots to play (with ac!).
received yesterday, playing tonight! will try with the regular rules before trying any "house rules" with shooting and such. i need to find the shipping schedule for the other stuff... can't wait to have it all together. :)
after finishing the unboxing and looking over the minis i must say that i am very impressed. these plastics are quite well done, the board tiles feel sturdy, and the artwork is great. well done guillotine games and cool mini! now i just need to find some friends so i can play. :)
(edited to fix really poor grammar and spelling!!!)  if it makes some of those waiting for their orders feel a little better, i live in atlanta, not far from cmon, and my game has travelled all around town and not yet arrived. seems it got to within a few miles of my house at a fed ex location and was then sent to the far other side of town so that fed ex could process it for passing off to the usps and now it is in transit to another facility with the usps to maybe finally get delivered to my home. the fun started on monday and i will be lucky to see the package by the following monday at this rate. just figured some folks might feel better knowing that even those of us close to the cmon warehouse will be waiting a while yet. just shaking my head at the wonder that is fedex and usps . . . . what an unholy alliance . . . . . . . it will likely take 6 to 7 days to reach me when i live in the same town. just got to keep smiling and now it will eventually arrive . . .     :) (this is how my life normally goes, so par for the course.)
@caleb...where in wisconsin? mine is currently stuck at the fedex smartpost in new berlin for the weekend it looks like... i might have to come over and play your copy with you!
if it makes some of those waiting for their orders feel a little better, i live in atlanta, not far from cmon, and my game has travelled all around town and not yet arrived.  seems it got to within a few miles of my house at a fed ex loaction and was then sent to tha far other side of town so that fed ex could pass process it for passing off to the usps and not it is in transit to another facility with the usps to maybe finally get delivered to my home.  the fun started on monday and i will be lucky to see the package by monday at this rate.  just figured some folks might feel betetr knowing that even those of us close to the cmon warehouse will be waiting a while yet.  just shaking my head at the wonder that is fedex and usps . . . . what an unholy allience . . . . . . .   it will likely take 6 to seven days to reach me when i live in the same town.  just got to keep smiling and now it will eventually arrive . . .     :)      (this is how my life normally goes, so par for the course.)
yes! i got my package today... my birthday was 2 days ago. surprise! http://i252.photobucket.com/albums/hh19/mordheimer/zombicide/arrival/zombicidearrival10.jpg can't wait to start painting! cmon... thanks for a wonderful game! :d question? when will the battlefoam be shipped?
look what i just got!  http://imgur.com/a/s6b2u
mine shipped the 6th and i was backer 185 and i should be getting it today. also i live on the west coast. :)
@aje007 yes it is shipped through fedex but the final delivery will be dealt with by usps. meaning it will arrive by your normal mail carrier.
woot! just got my tracking number should be here either tomorrow or monday!!  (i am in wisconsin for those wondering) and it was shipped the 7th
they were probably shipped based off cpkm confirmation & payment order.
@ian i got a fedex tracking number, though.
@aje007 it is delivered by usps so yes you can get it on saturday.
i just got my confirmation! i should get my games today of tomorrow! does fedex ship on saturday?
they obviously didn't ship them out in "backer order" since mine didn't ship out until yesterday...which means it will be sitting an hour drive away from me, but i won't get it delivered until next week!
shipment notification received!
got my package early this morning. got my tracking email 5 minutes ago. that's service!
i just got tracking info. box is going to spend 6 days in ohio before delivery. rrrrgg!!!
just got a tracking number from cmon. checked it and my package has been in transit since monday the 6th. looks like i'll get mine either today or the next couple of days according to fedex tracking. woohoo!
@cmon: can an international backer pick up their reward from your gen con booth?
@joshua harris - thanks for clarifying my comment. i received no email notification and the box was not at my door. however, i had an attempted delivery notification from usps that the package is waiting to be picked up from the local post office.
@jsohua- thanks. really looking forward to this game. with the thought of delivery this week i could get it around the table with my kids and get it around the table at my local board game meetup on sunday. that would be awesome if i get lucky enough to get it today or tomorrow.
jason knows we can certainly make our own >.>
i keep clicking refresh on my email still no tracking #..
@jason oh good point about that, wasn't even thinking that there's no rules for them yet
this was found by someone looking through the comments on here, and i quote (img here - http://i.imgur.com/zdfpm.png) dan sulin on april 29 question about delivery date. i assume the goal is to get this out by gencon(like most games try to). will backers be assured that we will get our copies before the general public has the ability to buy? coolminiornot on april 29 yes, all ks backers will have their rewards shipped first!
@mike t-shirts coming with the second shipment next spring it seems. @doug no one has tracking yet, but some folks are getting the boxes already. i think billy meant that the delivery guy left the "attempted delivery" slip, not that he got tracking yet.
question about international rules hey, just wondering. how about the option for international bakers like me (from germany), is there a chance, when the game gets published in other languages (lets say german) we get the chance to download the german rules as well?
yeah, nothing for me, not even a notice. whats up with that? sad face here. did everyone who got a copy get a shipping notice?
i had a delivery notice instead of the box at my door.
zombie versions of survivors won't ship(because they won't be needed) until the expansion is released sometime next year.
just got mine. were we supposed to get the t-shirt and zombie versions of the promo survivors in this shipment for the abomination? what exactly were we supposed in this shipment? thanks
@joao - yes, i can understand being upset, because of course we all want to get our cool new toys earlier. however, seeing people post things like "don't tell me about all the 'free' stuff they added, us backers are the reason they have done so well on this. lets not forget who pays their bills here. fans don't forget things like this easily" is ridiculous. hey @thulsa - you're getting your stuff on time exactly as promised.  chill.
so far it's hitting michigan, illinois, ohio, and the east coast... i'm in wisconsin... i hope luck is in my favor since it is game night tonight! (though i am getting multiple sets, so my box might be bigger or heavier, or at the back of the truck...)
woo-hoo! came home from work and found the game at my door step! it looks amazing and i really appreciate the extra effort you put in to pack everything so well and safely. the extra foam around the base game really protected it! thank you again for making my day and upcoming weekend!
its here!!!! ready to bring my boys into their very first game with miniatures!
lol i think the shipping is way fast... by the end of the week you guys should receive the tracking numbers... but the packages are arriving before the end of the week... lucky lads...
@ joao: saw that update but it seemed like none of the people who have it had any idea it would be there. figured i would ask.
got mine today as well, opened it up and oohed and aahed for about fifteen minutes, then told the wife we have plans for this evening.... muhahahahahahahahaha!!!!!
in update #59 "us shipments are going out via fedex smartpost fulfilled by usps, or via usps itself for apo addresses.  you will receive tracking numbers this week after all shipments are loaded and away. "
funny to tell people bothered for the waiting because their game will get shipped later to not be upset, when  you're not affected at all. we do get they had a hard decision to make on how to work when the plan failed at the point it did... was in a hurry everyone wants to make stuff go as fast as it can be. what bothered us people from overseas is that because a cool t we will have to wait a lot more than you guys have to receive our even cooler game. no one is angry with no one. it's like someone steps in your pet tail. there's nothing to do about... but if we don't talk about the slight unpleasantly that the way stuff went caused to us, this fact may repeat itself and again we would dislike the position taken. the envy makes you feel that we are whining but we paid and anticipated the game just as everyone else... but ours get shipped later... simple and easy to understand why we get a little bothered i guess? let's all be friends, heh? @brendan ferguson in the update i think they said they would drop an tracking number for people to know where their packages are.
just got mine today. i did not get any tracking numbers
just got mine today. i did not get any tracking numbers
sounds like no tracking numbers from the people i have talked to so far.
those few of you who have gotten yours... did you receive a tracking number or was it out of the blue? inquiring minds want to know!!!
lol stop moaning about us people from overseas people in us ,
w00h00! they are in the wild! with any luck, i'll see mine before the weekend! "honey, hold my calls, i'll be in the basement painting!"
haha, nice
whoa, just read through the comments.  i know everyone outside the u.s. loves to call us "entitled", but look at all those people overseas whining because they are going to get their order on time exactly as scheduled.  really? if you can't understand the logistics that force a decision like this for a small company then you need to step back and take a long, deep breath.  sure it's disappointing  not to get your order early, but grousing on and on about how awful it is to receive your goods on time is childish at best.
@eric fine! http://www.flickr.com/photos/lignum87/sets/72157630989173898/
just received mine in westchester, ny.  looks fantastic!  thanks cmon!
@lignum pictures or it didn't happen.  ;-)
oh. just remembered they are based in the same state as me. that would make sense >_>
duuuude i just got mine in the mail today like 15 minutes ago. and a friend is already planning to visit. can't wait to break it in!
people out of the us really want a small company to do a lot of extra packing work for thousands of individual orders.
people seem not to get what is the real problem and what it really feels be lefted aside because you live farther... it isn't a matter of hate or alike... it just feels wrong... we already can't go to the gencon because... well we live farther... our games will take more time to arrive because we live farther... we paid more money then you guys did because we live farther besides all that we did the push we injected the money we wanted that this become true we cheered and became amazed how much money the project acquired.... but now we hear... look since you live farther... you get your games even later... check out this new project we are doing its cool!!! (indeed is cool but i sadly can't help on that one) we're just saying that something about it could be done... but it wasn't i take that everyone is a lot satisfied that the game is being in fact delivered and before the est. date... but somehow it feels a little hurt... and you my continental shipping friends will never get it how it feels so don't bother... as @jeff racel said: hope you all get your game safely and that you have a great time playing it with friends and family. thank you for your time and attention
it's kinda funny how pissed they are getting over it being shipped on time...
. . . . . please just ignore my speculation as just that . . . . should be easy since i think some of you failed to really read and try to understand it. i had a long enough day dealing in the real business world today that trying to help here is just not worth it. hope you all get your game safely and that you have a great time playing it with friends and family.
seriously, if you back a project and you are out of country you should be familiar with issues that can come up. i don't do a majority of my hobby purchases from overseas companies because of shipping concerns. but when i do order, say from wayland games.. there's no way my customer experience is the same as someone in the uk. i don't cry over the spilled milk, nay... i anticipated this and planned accordingly.  any how, i'm sure one day i'll get it coming back to me when i invest in a foreign company for indigogo or such, so rest easy.
if theirs a discount for posting en masse, that would change my options though.
also would have given 5 options. 1. you get it posted before gencon, dont pay anything extra, lose the t-shirt. 2. you pay the cost to ship the t-shirt, it ships after gencon, everything else before. 3. get it all posted after gencon as planned. 4. get it at gencon. 5. didn't reply in time, don't worry same as 3. now i imagine that might be moderately time consuming depending on how many international buyers, but at least it gives some options, and makes it a lot fairer, i mean their way, you could be in the top 50 backers, and loads of people will be playing before you, quite possibly including people that have never heard of zombicide, before. also if the one line for international backers isn't an insult, this is. "the pic is a fedex trailer full up with your games! :)"
@jeff.  probably the same, but i would have tried to explain it in such a way that it doesn't look like an after thought,  or  an attempt to slip past with minimum fuss, on first skim over i pretty much missed it. but boy do i feel special about the extra emphasis the t-shirt got. in bold, because the t-shirts what sells  this kickstarter, i don't know why they bothered adding a boardgame to it really, or any plastic folk, i mean we all know the dice had to be there, but you know the t-shirts where its at. "for international backers, your pledges will ship after gencon with the t-shirts by the end of august." so yeah its all relatively positive, then a cheeky wee slap, and then "guys check out our new kickstarter!" which i did before reading the comments after update 59, and thought hang on a second, their more apologetic to the us backers by a minimum of 100%, seeing as go one fairly neutral line of text, followed by an advert. i do get the feeling they might get a lot of angry/insulted messages from us in the rest of the world, so for that i can only apologies(especially for the one i will be sending). makes me think of all the people in call centres that get shouted at as if it was them personally to blame for their problem, when there only job is to help, and have no control over any external factor, such as customs.
@scott, how do you know the majority of customers are in the us? i really don't want to get into an argument but some of the blind assumptions made by americans here and in the update thread are somewhat alarming. @cmon, thank you for addressing us promptly, and thank you for your transparency. when you do look at the perspective of them still shipping before the due date of september, it still seems reasonable overall. well done getting everything ahead of schedule and good luck at gencon next week!
@jeff, don't tell me about all the 'free' stuff they added, us backers are the reason they have done so well on this. lets not forget who pays their bills here. fans don't forget things like this easily.
@ scott, as the international market is much bigger than the us and i'd bet over half of the kickstarter backers are international this is very bad business practice and has seriously put me off backer other comn projects. you'd be very po'd if you got yours a month after us and weeks after gencon sales, don't tell me you wouldn't.
the good news for the future (sedition wars) is that cmon has set up a means to distribute some of the international orders from within the eu so that their customers get cheaper shipping and avoid issues with vat etc.  this shows they are trying to do what's right for their international customer base.  unfortunately this agreement was not in place for zombicide and us customs decided to cause some issues for timing of the various shipments.  none of this is for lack of effort on cmon's part.
remember the company is us based and we comprise the majority of their customer base. i believe their choice is good business.
@ stephen. if i get my us shipment later, i will hunt you down and beat you with a wet noodle or pee in your tea. lol.
i believe the reference to shipping the week after gencon is in reference to sending out international orders once the tshirts have made it through customs.  the issue here, as mentioned on the updates tab, is that it cost a lot more to add the tshirts into the second order for international backers since it drastically changes the size and weight of the packages (they were only going to contain light weight plastic).  the plan was for all the big stuff to go out in the first wave since those were already oversized boxes with costly shipping.  us backer's shirts would go out in the second wave since the flat rate shipping inside the us makes this cost effective where it is not cost effective to send shirts internationally in the second wave.  the goal is not to mistreat anyone, it's a painful business decision based on what cmon can incure in the additional costs.  international backers get everything they were promised in the first wave of shipping with a little delay (but still before the promised due date) and us backers wait until next year for their shirts with the second wave.  everyone gives a little in the process.  come on guys, cmon has give you a ton of fre stuff and gone out of their way to get this game out early, you would think you could cut them a little slack on an issue related to customs they can't control.  what do you think you would do in their place?
stuart, for people to get their games now, they need to be sent out without the t-shirts and send them later. they can afford to do this for american backers, but it would be too expensive for shipping outside the country. again, you're likely to get the game before they promised you would.
scott, that's a fair point (i.e. selling them before some of the kickstarter backers get theirs). i don't know that this is true, but what looks like may have happened is they expected to be able to send everything out and registered for gencon, but were tripped up by problems with the t-shirts in customs. they'd already paid for gencon, so...
really not sure why international buyers must wait longer, thats not so transparent, the rest of the communications have been great. so wont lie, i'm a bit disappointed.  was really hoping to get the game before my final year at university so i can actually paint the minis. all said, still glad i backed.
oh, i work in the electronics production /manufacturing field.  when we have major orders to fulfill we're working 6-7 days a week /12 hr days.  seems to me 5200 orders could easily shipped in 3-4 days with a staff that is truly dedicated to backing up previous " company customer service boasts" ( below ).
i'm confused. i remember hearing a quote that this game will not be ready for sale until the kickstarter backers all had their orders shipped.. now below i see they are shipping the week after??? that totally sucks. i may see the game at gencon and not actually have it yet ??
i don't mind waiting till sep as it the correct timing. i only worry something bad happen during shipping or i'm not at home when they sent the game over. *_*
i don't really get the complaining. the delivery date for the project was set as september and it looks like everyone will be getting it by then. because things went favorably and through hard work on their part cmon is able to ship some of them early. it does kind of suck for international people that it costs more and takes longer to get their stuff, but that's the nature of shipping. it is much cheaper and easier to ship things inside the country of origin than to outside it. also, managing the money and putting together packages like this for shipping is not easy. if we were talking about cmon missing when their delivery date that would be one thing, but we're not. i know it is disappointing to have to wait longer and pay more, but try to look at it from their perspective.
thanks for the communication cmon! i've been quite impressed with how this kickstarter has been run and managed. when will we be receiving tracking information on the shipments? cheers!
@billy we're shipping all this week and the week after gencon.
hey cmon, i was trying to find the shipping schedule but am having trouble!  can you post a link? excited to run a few of these games!
as mentioned in the update, zombicide is one of the few gaming projects to actually ship on time.  we are, in fact, early, and we'll still be early for everyone come the end of august.  i'm sorry if some of you feel "cheated" in some way, obviously that isn't our intention.  we've been as transparent as possible, and we're fully committed to living up to our promise to each of you to ship by september.
i've dropped cmon an email to express my unhappiness at this situation, suggest everyone else does the same.
since all the stuff isn't going to get shipped together i would be pleased to have the option to get my game earlier and after that pay a little extra on a shipping to get my t... a little bit disappointed... i agree with @david gardiner and @j. ervik  doesn't seen very fair... i've paid for shipping and people who didn't is getting the upper hand... i know it's complicated to please everyone... but with the amount of pools no one thought on doind another one on this? i was guessing the game was at least being shipped by the start of august.... so lastly besides being unable to go to gen con and see my future newest cool board game i will also have to wait even more to be able to play it... harsh news...
@david gardiner i agree. the people in the us even got the shipping free. while us other guys get to pay for shipping and getting last priority.
why are the international users getting screwed over on shipping timescales, surely it would make more sense to ship our orders first since it will take longer for them to get to us, in reality if you shipped ours now and shipped the us ones at the end of august then most people would actually get them at the same time, that seems fairer. i can understand not wanting to ship t-shirts twice but you could offer international people the chance not to take the t-shirt (i'd rather have the game earlier and no t-shirt)
any hints on the survivors that haven't been identified?
sweeeeeeeeeeeeet
i talked with the cmon guys last night and they have been working all weekend to get orders ready for shipping.  the first batch should be going out today with many more to follow, so you should start seeing people getting their copies over the next couple of weeks.  i believe the goal is to get all the kickstarter backer's packages shipped out before gencon.  hope your lives are all full of zombie goodness very soon.
how ya makin out folks :)
so, a guy i know said they were putting together the shipping now.... should be here soon!
com'on shipping notification... :)
c'mooooooooon shipping notification! :d
update 56 said if all goes smoothly, shipping will be second week of august, so hopefully shipping to us will be next week. if not, should get an update by early next week hopefully. with any luck, all is going smoothly! :d
bitting my nails here... really anxious to see something about something...
time we had an update ... there was a deliberate hint that shipping might be ready by the end of july.  don't mind if its not going to happen, just some information would be great.
i imagine it's all hands on deck at coolminiornot.  gencon is in less than two weeks.  they said at origins they wouldn't have them at gencon if the kickstarter folks didn't have theirs by then, which i think would be a major miss for them, so i can only assume they are working hard to get the game out and prep for gencon.
getting really excited again, i would also like an update if possible :-) have i mentioned that i am super excited?
i'm pretty keen for another update to see where things are now too. :) early august, the boat should arrive pretty soon then hopefully!
so far i've just been messing around adapting other characters (meaning posting them online would be questionable copyright use), but what i did was dropped the character image onto the card in photoshop and then put the text on it with illustrator. it's a pretty simple process you can do with a ton of different tools. the trickiest part for a newbie is to get the mask on the character image (pull it off the background) - that just takes practice. good luck!  in other news... sooooooooo - where's that boat? i've been learning to paint and am anxious to drop a brush on some zombies! =d
thx joshua r... impact is really good and compatible.... about the images? how are you doing?
@joao: i've been using impact as the font. not the same "worn" look, but otherwise pretty close and good legibility.
hey i've saw a blank id survivor card but what about the font now? i do not have much photoshop skills so it is being pretty hard to try and develop my own character sheets...
found a video to share. i hope zombicide can do a video like below in english. ^_^ http://privateerpress.com/level7/developer-diaries/level-7-escape-overview-video-part-1
over on indiegogo there is a project going for some zombie minis at various levels and costs, so if you want to get heaps more zombies consider it. http://www.indiegogo.com/zombie-miniatures…
@joshua r, that sounds like a really cool scenario!
as games manufacturers, you guys sure are an awesome miniatures company... ;)
i'll copy this here for kicks, as well... something i just posted on the community forum for sedition wars:  reading the zombicide rules yesterday, i thought of a fun scenario using a double set of zc tiles... first the survivors need to get from their starting point(s) to a bunker with a radio in the center of the map. from there, they can radio for help. then there's, say, five full rounds of zombie spawns before vanguard come to the rescue and need to secure each zombie spawn point and save the survivors.
don't like the part where survivor can't aim and shot the ally! was thinking we are going to pk one another before the zombies. any gd way to solve this other than the sniper skill and the scope that let you pick your targets? the shooting survivor does not choose freely the targets he hits with successful rolls. hits are assigned in this order: 1 – to survivors who are in the zone (except the shooter) 2 – to walkers 3 – to fatties or abominations 4 – to runners the hits are assigned until all targets of the lower degree of priority have been eliminated. example: in doug’s zone there is another survivor, ned, four walkers, one fatty and two runners. knowing he’s zombie chow, doug is going to take as many of them with him as possible! he rolls six dice (three for each sub mg). he obtains , , , ,  and . the sub mg hits on  or , which means 5 hits. ned takes two, which kills him (with friends like these...). the walkers are eliminated by the remaining hits. doug shoots again and gets , , , , , , three more hits. the last walker is down but the two remaining shots do no harm to the fatty, which shields the two runners. the only way to target the runners first would have been with a melee weapon, which can freely assign hits. note when a zone is chosen for a ranged combat, ignore any actors who are in the squares between the shooting and the target, i.e. survivors may shoot through occupied zones without consequence, to either other survivors or zombies.
a thing that i would want is a somewhat avatar generator for the custom characters because i'm lame at drawing and yes i could try and find images that would fit... but the work to not mix styles too much is a suffering. between i think a little more of content would be necessary which cards to what you know... so we can work on alternate modes of play and on developing new scenarios with different objectives...
i bet there will be some great scenario development on the bgg forum... something that uses a double set of tiles and all the abomination-level minis? oh, it'll happen. :)
can we have more zombicide - scenarios. there is only 10+tutorial=11 in the guide.  i want to add one special scenarios (1b) where that after turn 12 it would change from day to night. and u would need to return to the safe house to hide and continue the mission the next game day and the zombies would reset itself to a min level or half of yesterday. so far i didnt see anyone sugguest about day turn to night scenarios.
well you could remove the survivors from the priority list. but each roll of 1 would hit a survivor... but somehow the overall rule still sounds very stupid... after all the game has the feel and mood of a zombie movie... and people don't hit each other that often in zombie movies. the girl who doesn't have enough strenght to hold a shotgun, on the zombie movie when she touches the gun... she immediatelly know how to use it without breaking a sweat....
the easiest way to "fix" this would be to say that all misses hit survivors.  for our group, any solution which includes rolling more dice isn't the best solution.  we're certainly not averse to rolling dice, but we think this game will lose something if the pace isn't kept quick.
i get it the idea... don't shoot where there are survivors... but the way it plays, just doesn't feel right... still i'm thinking on house rule it somehow...  i know not everyone is skilled enough to hit shots... however the way it is... looks like if you get a good grip of a weapon your friends will always jump in the way saving the zombies life... because... well just because they were people too.
this solution multiply die roll. maybe survivors can be hit by missed shot only? it seems to dangerous for them too. or: survivors will be automatically hit on every natural result of 1 on a dice (critical miss).  p.s.: excuse my poor english
yeah i agree, i'm thinking make a dice roll to see if you hit a survivor or not. i like the idea that most people aren't very skilled shots, and that there is a good chance of friendly fire, but always eliminating survivors first seems a touch extreme. 4+ or 5+ to miss survivors seems like a good idea. especially if the zombies outnumber the survivors; should be more chance to hit zombies if you spray wildly!
sniper skill and the scope let you pick your targets. so there is that
the idea is to not shoot into an area with other survivors in.. forcing you to either jump into melee or let them die.. or shoot everything and let it get sorted out later
needed to add... everything looks preetty damn cool... can't wait to play it... but the shooting rules... sounds a lot strange... and the example somewhat enforces the action of killing another survivor... strange stuff...
anyone else thinking on somehow houserule the strange way shotting works? priority survivors - walkers - fattys or abomination - runners thinking in something like a roll to see if you got line of sight on the roll of 5+ you may ignore survivors and your priority becomes walkers - fattys or abomination - runners. the idea of shootting a friend before shotting zombies... sounds quite stupid...
rules are out
@ rand old news is old
i want to share something i found https://www.facebook.com/photo.php… bag o' zombies !!! glow in the dark  100 zombies radioactifs pour illuminer vos parties de zombies !!! http://www.edgeent.com/v2_fr/edge_minisite_sec.asp…
so if the promo guy come in the little boxes. where are the stat cards? they wont be fitting in that small box
labelle, bill: there's been further discussion over at the guillotine games facebook, and they made it more clear.  the french and spanish distributor will have a different sort of promo, with some of the extra zombie figures, etc, but not any of the promotional characters or any of their zombie versions. specifically: http://www.facebook.com/guillotinegames only kickstarter backers will receive the following promo mini and related dashboards: ivy (human and zombie) claudia (human and zombie) troy (human and zombie) dave (zombie) nick (zombie) el cholo (zombie) eva (human and zombie) marvin (human and zombie) chaz (human and zombie) cardboard samurai (human and zombie) these figures once produce will never be available again in any form. this is a sign of respect and appreciation to our backers. they trusted us from day 1 and we want to give them something unique.
it's a shame.
labelle. thye poste don the facebook page way back when about this. mirth mythmagic: "the kickstarter project will have promo figures? will these be available by other means ?" april 7 at 1:45pm · guillotine games: "it depends where you are. we will print these promo figures in limited amounts. the french and spanish gamers will have access to them through their publisher or ravage magazine. for us and english speaking gamers... well i suggest to kickstart... :)' april 8 at 9:35am ·
hi, could you explain me that:  http://www.edgeent.com/v2_fr/edge_news.asp… it was said that the minis and the abomination pledge was only for kickstarter's backer's only and for conventions. so? it seems that french backers have been had...
claudia http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/556993_332088780210497_866337464_n.jpg
international shipping - please use usps as ups will charge fees close to 50% of the purchase price for  "brokerage fees". i got caught by this extra charge when i pre-ordered from gmt previously. they now offer a choice between ups & usps for international customers, which includes us gamers here in canada. you will avoid a riot from your customer base outside the continental us when they cannot pick-up their pre-order without paying extra charges.
saw updated #57 yes more info but where the rule book pdf copy? so we can read n point out places that need more explanations and stuff.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
here my ideas on cross-pollination between zombicide and sedition! was to add some of the troopers from sedition to use as soldiers or npc or gov troops coming to save the survivor! now thinking about the calamity crews to add. can some fans here write some scenarios for it n post it below? http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/?
@ john drinkwater wow great idea to share! need more ppl to come up with more ideas on cross-pollination between zombicide and sedition!
the only reason i didn't back sedition wars was because it was 2-player.  :-/   not a big fan of 2-player board games.
my own cross-pollination between zombicide and sedition is to use some of the strain as alternatie figures for zombies and the serenity based figures (calamity crew) as alternate figures for my zombicide heros.  first impressions on the rules are they are significantly different gaming mechanics but that should not stop player developed character rule sets to use the minis across the two boards.
still on the fence about sedition wars...that battlefoam case with the game logo on it is pretty tight, any chance we could see one of those for zombicide? i would def throw down more for that
not sure if it's been posted on here but here is a cool looking zombie card game. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/downwardviral/z-2
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
there's an interesting and now funded zombie rpg computer game called dead state that zombicide backers might be interested in: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/70755535/dead-state-the-zombie-survival-rpg
i feel find zombicide player weapons would not be strong enough to do high damage point to sedition wars strain zombie. since the 'strain' got up to phase 5.
for the cross-over between sedition wars and zombicide. we can maybe do it ourself or need someone or a team of fans to do it and spread the words! so all would benifit from it! ^_^
yes, any update on arrival or production would be well received.
they must be on blizzard time.
@devin i am as well. really would like to hear something about them. if you say soon i expect soon, not you know, three months later -_-
i know, i was just saying for someones benefit if they missed out.
@ billy...i believe that is fore the base game (71 minis) and doesn not include the extras
so, anyone else getting twitchy waiting for those rules?
i saw it some days ago on a forum. i have to admit i am quite surprised since i thought i've made a good bargain ;)
check this out:  http://www.miniaturemarket.com/gug00001.html   zombicide for $58.49, not that i care just saying...
so what's the progress? i'm kinda sad, that since the project was funded no updates are given.
"studio mcvey  @ thomas  – no cross-over between sedition wars and zombicide i'm afraid. we have no connection at all to guillotine games, apart from having the same publisher." drat! ya'll should might consider doing some cross-pollination there: same publisher, same basic genre, same funding source…same fans!!! makes sense to me: zombiecide is 'street level', seditionwars is "in the hive"; brings it all under one umbrella (see what i did there?) i'd pitch a kickstart for a scenario book:  seditioncide: the z-war featuring cross-stats for all figs in both games 'twixt t'other.
will sedition wars be cross-compatible w/ zombiecide, or vice-versa? that is: \ will stats allowing for the miniatures from one game  to be imported into the other, and back again? (presuming the rules differ...?) it seems a natural progression....
thank you very much for the quick reply!!! :d
yes it will!  privilege reserved for our original fatty and abomination backers (fatties will need to upgrade to abomination first).
hey all quick question, if i add another abomination set to my order will it get all the stretch rewards as well?
@billy what kind of error? drop an email to kickstarter@coolminiornot.com
currently getting an error when clicking on the paypal link to pay off my balance in the project tracker. anyone else?
or even this place  http://www.customdice.com/…
@shane have you tried these guys?   http://www.alibaba.com/showroom/glow-in-dark-dice.html
wow, i really wish there was a search engine for the comments section. i'd like to know where you guys got your custom glow-in-the-dark dice.  i'm looking to start a kickstarter of my own and i'm having a heck of a time finding a company that will make glow-in-the-dark dice for me.  any info would be appreciated.
guillotine games have already stated (on cool mini or not forum i believe) that they won't be able to ship from the uk.  studio mcvey have a history of mail order so are equipped to deal with uk shipping where as guillotine games don't have that experience and don't want to risk it (understandably).
Быстрее! Отправляйте мне ее, мне через две недели в армию!) Много Русских поддержало?
another +1 for eu shipping if it is being considered :)
a hockey player or a skateboarder now that's good zombie killin.
@ radek totally! m.j.'s zombie power could be to instantaniously spawn 20 walkers, do a cool dance routine, then dog pile the surivors! the only one who could make it through that would be the eagle! see, when he bites them, they turn back into survivors...
oh, don't get me wrong, i don't really have anything against pa. i think they do alot of great things for the game industry. not the least of which was directing their legions of fans to help support this project. i remember even reading a few of their strips back when game magazines came out in print form and were entertaining. yeah, you're probably right about legal action over a simple plastic mini send up to m. jackson. poop stars... ain't they grand? wait... so the cardboard tube is civilization? omg! i totally get it! thats hillarious!!! o-o where are my meds?
@david dakin:  "just had an amazing thought for an expansion or later survivor.. who is perhaps the most amazing human to ever live, and absolutely the greatest chance for a true savior in any zombie related apocalypse?" >>>> how about lemmy kilmister and steven hawkins !?! :) now these two would make great survivors! :) i really hope they can work something out with a semi michael jackson thriller Übreabomination. cheers!
sending the game from within eu? yes please.
the carboard tube samurai was really in response to the fact that penny arcade brought this kickstarter to so many many people in the last few of the days.. a kind of respect to pa fans, as well as the penny arcade guys in general. sorry you don't read, but there's always an easy easy solution to that...  also, mr. jackson's attorneys are remarkably litigious, so that would be a bit of a no no i think. oh, and the joke? the tube is civilization.
pipe dream i know, but instead of the cardboard tube samurai, i would have liked to have seen a send up to michael jackson's thriller. i mean, if you're going to make a joke character, why not make one that everyone would understand? personally, i don't read penny arcade, so i don't get the joke...
just had an amazing thought for an expansion or later survivor.. who is perhaps the most amazing human to ever live, and absolutely the greatest chance for a true savior in any zombie related apocalypse? who can use his mere presence and gravitas to cow and subdue the zombie hordes? who can take on all comers (unless they happen to be bears)? dr stephen t. colbert, dfa. that's who.
yes, by all means try to ship from within eu.
i'll add another "please" to that.  even if we had to wait a little longer for the games to reach the uk via guillotine games in france, i'd rather wait a little longer than take my chances with the uk customs lottery...
yes please. that would really nice.
radek +1, cmon please try to do the same thing for zombicide. would really be great for all european backers if you could ship within the eu. less hassle and less problems with local customs. really would like to see this also done for zombicide if you are able to do this for sedition wars. please, please, please...
taken from the sedition wars kickstarter: (any chance we can work this out the same way with zombicide?) "update #15: european shipping will be from the uk posted about 14 hours ago good news!  we've figured that we should be able to ship within the eu from the uk.  shipping will still cost the same (boo) as we'll need to deal with customs and vat on your behalf if you're in the eu, and to cover the extra cost of shipping less than a container load for uk fulfillment."
@erik, michael douglas in falling down is one of the base game characters. unofficially of course, but a good approximation.
damn damn damn!  what, a month too late, but here's my 'great idea' for a human.  michael douglas' character from 'falling down'. bloody hell!! day day late an.... er ya'all get it....
maybe it is patient zero! so we are lucky the police kill it.
going to go out on a limb here and say drugs were involved. you don't just eat somebody's face unless you're monumentally high. if the miami incident were actually zombie-related, most of florida would already be a shambling, moaning mass of decay. well, beyond what it normally is.
here a miami zombie link http://www.youtube.com/watch…
you're only cool if you can post everywhere!
who is still posting in here? why haven't you moved over to the zombicide forums like the cool kids? http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
i may have to re-direct my zombicide game to my new concrete bunker, the zombie plague has begun, time to stock supplies. i'll remind the posty to identify himself and hold the package high!
survive? in the ranks of the undead perhaps.
so..... . load the steel. a zombie was killed this past weekend in miami. he was spotted chewing on another mans face. when ordered to stop, he growled at them. they had to shoot him to stop him. 6+ times. . it is not known if the victim will survive. . http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/may/27/miami-dead-man-chewed-victims-face
gimme now! *panics* seriously thought. can't wait
for the future self of @bobby janecka if you ever succeed in building the time machine please bring my game... i can give you address and stuff... just let me know you builded the time machine... it past only 1 day since my post... gosh... the time is going backwards....
@joao: no, no, it only looks that way because they're bringing the end of the year forward, and we'll all be getting an early christmas, in september! :p it'll also prevent the world from ending on december 21st too.
@cmon daddy are we there yet??!?!!?
@coolminiornot cmon guys is just anxiety... just play along... does anybody know if there is a september in the next few months? it looks like we will have five augusts... but no september...
love that packaging! should keep my mini's safe enough between games :)
if you're printing faster does that mean august? jk, please don't skimp on my abomination!
to my future self: if you ever succeed in building that time machine come back to 30 seconds from now and take me forward to september!!!
arg we're printing as fast as we can...
and now? is it september now?
is it september yet?
i'm with you on that, shoogoo.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i'm tired of being hyped for this game. didn't think it would be so tiresome to be hyped!
zombecide looking good. looking forward to this.my first ks and happy with all the extras in getting . all the models a massive bonus . its going right next to my copy of space hulk .
yeah it has been discussed in bgg.
did anybody else notice marvin is now holding "the defiler" in the latest image on guillotine game's web site? . http://guillotinegames.com/img/chara-11.jpg . it looks like a molotov cocktail won't be the only weapon you can "assemble" in zombicide...
c'mon everybody, sing with me now: "the world don't move to the beat of just one drum..." http://www.youtube.com/watch…
we're all friends here.  even though ogre isn't my sort of thing, i wish it well.  let's all be adults eh?
well, i just hope zombiecide turns out to be a game that will be played in 35 years.  those are few and far between.  i still pull my copy of ogre out, and play it a few times a year.
@jimmy:  why are you talking about ogre in this forum?  i pledged both games, and shadowrun also.  i liked the shadowrun rpg and sega game, and i am looking forward to a new one.  this game really looks good, reminds me of magic realm, so i bought it.  i am still playing my original, cheap paper version of ogre that i have had since the mid-80s, and as my vision fades, i welcome a larger version of it.  kickstarter is for creative projects, if you do not like one, don't pledge.  there is no need for negative comments, though.  but, thanks for your pity.
wow where does all this childish hate come from? "mine is better than yours nanana" stop the bullshit already. both are great games, deal with it.
go complain about your other game somewhere else we are excited about this game at least i am who cares how long that other game has been around for anyway certainly not me.  zombicide is brand spankin new with miniatures that other doesn't have any.  i can paint mine any way i want although this is my first miniature game it looks like a great one so there....lol
i backed both games.  sometimes i like to play with tanks, and other times i like to play with zombies.  i would have never heard of zombicide if it wasn't for ogre.
ogre haters gonna hate.
i don't understand why people talk about ogre in this forum for zombicide. ogre is a war game that is based on out of date mechanics that is designated to fail. after the hyper, it will be left in the closet to collect dust for good.  worse, the paper map and cardboard chits do not last long. you cannot even keep it as a collector item. i simply feel sorry for those who pledged.
ogre isn't a miniatures game; that's ogre miniatures, which is a different game.  ogre is a deluxe update of a black & white glossy paper map with cardboard chits, which came in a plastic bag for $3.  unlike zombicide, which is a game that should up at target and be played by people who played monopoly the previous night, ogre is a wargame, bought at gaming stores, and played by people who played empires in arms the previous night.  it is quite deluxe for such a game (not made by ffg).  one huge difference is that ogre's expected sales are basically ksx2, whereas zombicides' expected sales are probably ksx30: guess which one can afford injection-molded figures... there was no previous ogre ks - but the game is thirty-five years old and has gone through several editions. as for car wars, the very end of the campaign added a "if this works, we'll do another".  but it's not yet clear exactly what a kickstarter drive is and means.  i wouldn't say "investing" is the right word, but i see why you would say that. and matt is right - kickstarter is going to save a lot of stuff.
they pushed it by offering to kickstart another game that has been asking for an update for years.  so they were investing in 2 games by pledging to just one.
to be fair, ogre has a large fanbase history behind it from car wars and previous attempts i believe on ks, where as zombicide is a fresh game to the fanbase, even tho it lost the #1 ks board game funding rank, it still a major accomplishment to atleast reach the #1 spot for the brief moment. i'm glad i backed my first ever ks project towards zombicide :)
ogre looks cheaply done i'm just sayin
so, about the "soon" in update #46...  how soon are we talking?  next week soon?  some time this month soon?  or soon(tm)?
i think kickstarter is what's going to save print media, including physical boardgames.
ogre passing this is great news.  it's a much more hardcore game, and lacks the "hey dude, zombies!!" factor - cyber tanks haven't been "hot" for decades.  ogre's ks has a lot more bearing on the future of board games than zombicide's has. what zombicide does that's really exciting is show how an unknown game from a new company, with lackluster (term used very loosely) early days can skyrocket strictly by virtue of being an interesting project, word of mouth, and awesome stretch goals.  sure, the design team is all-stars, but how many actually recognized any of the names? it was also always obvious that ogre *ought to* catch up.  although i did get my certainty shaken at some point. that said, i'm far more excited about getting my multiple copies of (shipped here)  than my swag bag of ogre (shipped in the u.s. for later pickup... probably next year).
yeah, ogre went crazy in the last 36 hours or so... well, it's not like it's a zero-sum game, here. the fact that two board games did so amazingly, incredibly well at the exact same time means great things for all tabletop players.
i see that two numbers have now been passed: 1. we now have more comments than backers. 2. ogre has had more money pledged than zombicide.
@shoogoo i see your point... however with fonts you can easily improvise... now map editors, scenario editors, blank character sheet and downloadable game content a lot more impressive... the fonts are still good... it's nice to have matching custom content...
yay! commenty equally backery
"must practice painting" ah yes, that's what i wanted to do. right.
@joao i fail to see how releasing fonts is not impressive. it's a huge deal to me at least. professional fonts are really pricey ($50) and i've rarely seen any custom fan made element in bgg that was 100% true to a given game art. with this, cmon basically gives us the opportunity to make custom characters/cards that will look just like the official ones.
ding! hanging out for more updates. must practice painting.
oh yeah... remembered... fonts...
@lih ping teo probably will be available to everyone... the bonus we get as backers that i don't know... blank character sheet downloadable cards and some other unninpressive stuff...
i guess there's not a lot left to talk about since the excitement of the kickstarter has died down and now we're all playing the waiting game. would be cool to get the scenario editor sooner rather than later to help keep us all entertained while we wait ;)
downloadable map and scenario editor will be available on their website for free or just backers only? sure like to make my own horror scenario hehhehe...
5 posts away from matching comments to posters and all the chat stops! seriously?! :-)
@mark head over to http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php… and there's a lot of discussion on painting and good techniques.  there's also people on all day!
spray primers are there any i should not use ?
zombie ponies for the expansion?
pony would be awesome...
nappa would be very impressed with 11.000... that's for sure... so... it is september yet?
still want a pony
unique dice towers. already backed it after seeing it mentioned in a previous comment here. my only concern is that the maker may be suffering from "penny blossom" syndrome. those big bang theory fans out there will understand.
did anyone see the dice tower on kickstarter it looks pretty cool i think it would go well with zombicide...just sayin
11,000? that is quite impressive.
no joshua, thats breaking international rules of comment numbers!! . natural conversation is the only way to legally raise numbers! . i know this because i have a friend on facebook with 11,000 comments on a status, achieved by only 15 people over a period of months!
up!
that
speed
can
we
another 22 comments (21 since i'm typing this) and thats an avg of 1 comment per backer :)
@captain i don't do it every few minutes, but when i look at the page, i do still expect the numbers to change... now all i have to look forward to is a few new comments a day.
saw the picture on guillotine games on facebook. man i was really hoping that the plastic would compare to ffg´s newer games.
@cmon excellent news!  there's certainly quite a few to produce. how is the design / sculpting going on the new survivors?
@cmon - awesome!  can you please make sure my guys/girls are hot out of the mold?!?!?!?  thanks!!
am i the only one missing checking out how much has been pledged every few mins?
plastic injection has begun.....
we may get it august guys.  think happy thoughts!
30 comments to go. also, i've never wished a whole summer away before. but i am now!
is it september yet? i've been asking myself this question a lot lately...
i want a pony.
oh man ... my last comment is #*^% i forgot the king!now i have to live in shame
based on the fact that none of the extra survivors minis has to do anything with zombie movies, i believe that claudia is rosario from sin city !
ooops .2nd ! = ?
well that's easy to find out ! hey cmon who is claudia !
but i could be wrong....
pretty sure it's selena.... http://ecbacc.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/2011gca_female_winner.jpg http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-jvk-ug9lcvy/tzyjrtascwi/aaaaaaaaaz8/v_fx6wxxyqg/s1600/28dayslaterselena_mellon001.jpg http://www.cultureblues.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/28-days-later-selena.jpg
there's no way claudia is selena. clothes are wrong, hair is wrong. it's just wrong. she has to be rosario dawson from sin city. not the part where she's wearing the skanky body suit though, but at the end where she's wearing a tank top and pretty much looks identical to the mini...
only 40 more, umm - wait wait!! 39 more comments until we have reached the number of backers!
lol
ha! t
i think josh is jesse pinkman. note the right wrist/forearm tattoo which pinkman has as well.
can't believe you guys are still here...troyin' around...
i agree. selena all the way. hey guys, don't forget to join the party over on the coolminiornot forums! http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php… that's where all the cool kids are hanging out now...
@adam claudia = selena from 28 days later. google image search "selena 28 days later" - it's pretty obvious.
@justin, thanks for that, i was actually wondering who the inspiration was for that one! shes the only one i couldn't place!!
adam,  i think that socialite (ivy) - mrs. smith - angelina jolie
can i get an extra t-shirt? and if i can how much will it be?
one idea that i had for a survivor that i haven't seen yet is rocky.  totally impractical, but the idea of him uppercutting zombie's heads right off is very appealing to me.
we have the following archetypes/homages: small-town sheriff (phil) > rick grimes, walking dead office worker (doug) > william foster, falling down goth chick (amy) > archetype street thug (josh) > archetype conspiracy nut (ned) > archetype restaurant worker (wanda) > archetype bad cop (nick) > john mcclane, die hard action star (chaz) > chuck norris badass (el cholo) > machete geek (dave) > sheldon, big bang theory hitman (marvin) > jules, pulp fiction - silencer on pistol? assassin (eva) > beatrix / the bride, kill bill tough chick (claudia) > archetype, possibly ridley (aliens) socialite (ivy) > archetype warrior (cardboard tube samurai) > archetype everyman (troy) > ash, evil dead what we need: soldier / mercenary > possibly dutch (predator) hunter / veteran > archetype, think bill (left 4 dead) slacker > possibly shaun or ed (shaun of the dead) engineer / construction > archetype - open doors without making noise / lock open doors? tough granny (named ethel, rose, edna, or hazel) > archetype biker / tough guy > archetype, think francis (left 4 dead) plus the cheerleader and the jock they mentioned on the website during early development of the game.
guys, check out their facebook page : http://www.facebook.com/guillotinegames they're listening to community input and are putting up teasers about possible survivors. including this : http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/485770_296006570485385_183613205058056_666794_1493204699_n.jpg angela lansbury with a flamethrower
wooo.. i just take a look at the ks fees.  ks.com just won around $40.000 with zombicide !  they must be happy too...
@martin : yes, the whites dices aren't part of the "abomination package".  the black dices were included with the abomination level and the glowing ones were the reward for the 75k strech level (for all pledgers at abomination level or higher).  so 1set of each (black and glowing) are included in the abomination package.
and the white dice isn't part of any reward currently, which it's why it's not listed as extra? maybe i should have figured, heh. thanks.
@martin - the abomination pledge already comes with glow in the dark dice from one of the stretch goals.  the survey is asking if you want more than the one set you already get.  this applies to all items listed in the survey as extra.
@matt i don't think you understood me, or i'm misunderstanding you right now. they're all extras, right? example: "how many white dice? $10 per set" "how many extra glow in the dark dice? $15 per set" why are the glow in the dark dice denoted as extra and the white dice not? logically, one should describe everything as extra once, or do it individually for each item. not distribute the description randomly as that implies a difference. and if there is a difference, i'd like it made clearer, as i don't understand what that would be.
my extras are the 4 surviors $40 +1 tile $ 20 +shiping $25 = $85 total and i have paid that in my pledge.,
anything marked extra you will already be getting at least one of as part of abomination pledge
you ont have to buy a extra abomination martin only if you want to
@martin some people might have bought only some of the extra figures, as they're addons to your pledge.  so one would have to choose.
confusing that some items in the survey are described as extra, caps and all, while some are not. gives the impression i'm supposed to pick some.
ok, let's hope the person in charge of parsing all the surveys gets it right.
@martin: the "what is the total $" is just a place to jot done the totals so you can check you have the right value.  . from the latest update in their own words : "this field is just your little scratch field for you to add up all the optional items, and to make it easier for you to figure out how much extra we'll need to bill you (if any)." . my previous post mentioned that "your total spend (including your pledge and extras plus any other extras you may have added since the project finished" but after re-reading the update, i think the intention was to use this field just for the extras above and beyond your initial pledge. i.e. i pledged for the triplets pack which is $280+$55 for shipping, however my actual pledge was $505 (dear god really!?). since they already know what my pledge level is they really just want to know what i spent the other $170 on via the extras. . after i select all my extras i will put the total of all the extras in the $ field. if it total $170 excellent, nothing more to do, if it is more then $170 then they will contact me and arrange for me to pay the difference. . that is what i am doing anyway :-)
i couldn't edit the survey so i sent them a message asking for my one game plus stretch goal extras for the abomination level i pledged at and for the extra twenty bucks to go for an extra tile set.  i hope that all gets straightened out.
@david: i believe so. the way i read the survey is that the first field is for you to list any extra abomination sets above and beyond the ones you have already pledged for.  the fields below it are for listing the extras you have purchased as part of your current pledge level (plus allowing you to add extra extras if you wish them). . the "what is the total $" field is a place you can jot down your total spend (including your pledge and extras plus any other extras you may have added since the project finished. . it is a little confusing, but i think it is as good as they could do within the kickstarter template. it might have been a little less confusing if they first asked you list everything you did pledge for and the total, and then asked you to list any extra extras (sets, model etc) that you wanted and then new total. but then people would be asking why you have to enter the number of ivy's etc you want twice. so its a no win really. . enjoy! . (p.s. you current pledge level and total amount pledged is listed on the top right of the survey, to give you some guide.)
i'm really confused by the feedback form too - i need the international shipping, but i don't understand if i should also list the game in the final total or not.
dumb question, but if i pledged for abomination then i automatically get the game and don't need to select it in extras when filling out my questionnaire form, right?
since guillotine games is working this game under cool minis or not and cool minis or not is also producing confrontation phoenix edition, is it possible you can do a re release or an update version of hybrid and make it a kick starter project? i would definetly back that up on day one!
ugh, come on guys, use your common sense! there will be zombified versions of the original 6 yes, in the expansion.
does anyone know if there are zombifide versions of the original 6 survivors?
i just added $40 to double my extra figures.
thanks!
@jonathan yes, they do, they are extra abomination sets in every way.
question, do the extra games also include the pledge extras?  i would think so but i could see you not including them too.
@john yup, extra means anything above and beyond what your pledge level entitles you too... you know, just in case you forgot to get one more.  we're shipping usps mostly, but may also be using fedex ground in the usa depending on location.  better to use a physical address rather than a po box.
two questions regarding the survey. 1. is the extra abomination sets ($100) above the two that are already included in the survivor x2 abomination pledge? 2. can you ship to po boxes via usps or are you shipping ups? regards  john
from the most recent update (#48), these are the chest measurements (armpit to armpit, i believe) . s - 52cm m - 54cm l - 56cm xl -58cm xxl - 60cm . sizes in centimetres (i.e., proper measurements.)
does anyone know if they've posted a sizing guide for the t-shirts? i'm either a m or a l depending on brand, and it would be nice to not have to guess.
well, i backed this thing within the last 2 hours, and i hope it lives up to the hype! lol, wasn't going to get any of the extra promos, but then they gave me another chance in the survey, and i realized that i had to have eva and marvin as well, they are just too cool to pass up. now the long wait begins...
survey done and submitted. some question seem hard to answer. ^_^ like do i need even more?
@cmon . as i listed in the special instructions, i am selling my house in the next few weeks and may no longer be at this address come september. . who should i contact if/when i move before the might big box arrives?
@jukka it wanted me to fill out the "special instructions" last question.  i think i just added "n/a"
@ greg: imagine cmon cackling evilly saying, "dance my puppets, dance!"
will we be getting the t-shirts before august/september?
@jukka it's the address bit.  trust me did the same to me.
for some reason it won't allow me to submit my survey. keeps claiming that i haven't answered all the questions even though i am pretty sure i have. i will try again tomorrow, in case the issue fixes itself.
submitted! and i mean i literally submitted to this game!! comments still havent matched backers yet!!
great job guys!!! russia with you!
seems so real now. can'twait to wear my shirt with pride
"how many extra abomination sets? $100 each". oh cmon, you wicked, wicked temptress. :)
survey completed!
surveyed!
ah, gotcha, guillotine games is blocked at work so i never went to there site.
zombicide was created and developed by guillotine games, a french company. a lot of the people there are exrackham folks, most of which were also french. cmon is the north american company publishing the game, and are the driving force behind this kickstarter project. other parts of the world will like have various companies publishing the game as well. it's a common practice with games and books.
nice going @nicholas crack
where are people getting "its a french game" from?? i thought it was originally spanish (mexican) unless i miss-read somewhere.
hoping some of this hotness rubs off on my own kickstarter for dungeon crawler!
so it is 15$ for the set then in extra shipping
yes, i know. it's just that $185 is more than i've paid for a single game (of course, in this case i'm not getting just the game). oh, decisions...
carlos get the extra tiles so you can play bigger maps beyond the scope of the game.
yep, the $40 battlefoam thing is a set of 2. just one piece won't help you much, i think.
wasn`t the battlefoam trays a set of 2? is it 15$ a piece for shipping or the set? please specify better cmon recon the 100$ abomination is counted in to the sum? so extra box is just if you want a second one?
oh, dear zombie god, i'm still trying to decide about the extra tile set. in the end i didn't add it to my pledge, but they seem to be giving us one last chance to get it.
on add ons only
shipment plus what you paid for
in the "what is the total in $ for the above?" field, should i put the total (that is, 25 for shipment + 20 extras, for a total of 45) or just the shipment (so 25 $)? i don't understand whether "for the above" is referring to everything or to shipment only...
@joao balarini, i filled out the address/extra survey amd it's cleared up in there. my $100 pledge was abom. and they requested shipping costs (based on # boxes), so i'm quite pleased to lear that i'm getting abomination!
just received my survey  one step closer to z-day
@ christian. not with cmon. it will be done by edge for next summer.
i expect there will be a few extra games /promos  available after first manufacturer  run
nicholas crack try to reach the guys from cmon to "add the shipping" to your  pledge... they said that people can still make adjusts in their pledges with them...
salamander aqui correu tudo bem... q tipo de problema vc teve?
@nicholas,check out the last update.i don't think you'll have any problem !
is the game available in french?
if i pledged $100, but didn't include shipping, do i qualify for abomination level and pay shipping later? or is $100 only  a fatty level+shipping pledge?
algum brasileiro teve problemas com o pagamento através da amazon???
now the waiting begins. but damn i am looking forward to play the game.
well it's an ameritrash game made with people from france. that's about it.
how is it french?
wait, it's a french game? well if i had known that... nah just kidding. seems like my favorite board games always come from europe. they know how to play over there!  :)
@carsten: it's a french game, and releases in french, english and spanish, plus probably german later. it probably only did kickstarter in english because that's where $781k was.
3800% over pleged goal. congratulation. coolminiornot should consider translating (at least!) the rulebook to some european languages like german or french! looking forward to more info in the backer forum.
@frederik, you do have valid points. you ars correct in that they don't have to have stretch goals. i was just pointing out a difference.
thanks for the heads up cmon.
@gene: oooo good point. i made a assumption the prints for signing would be ready today.  he really might get sick of his own name after this.
@james, taking into account the lead time, drying times and delivery times for such a run, it might just become edouard's full time job (at least for a couple of months). although it would be  an amusing thing to have on your cv. professional name signer.
just another quick note, we'll be getting the survey out sometime this week, and you'll get a chance to add stuff on to your pledge (even whole sets if you want).  latecomers, drop us an email at sales@coolminiornot.com and we'll sort you out the week after we get the surveys back in from the original pledgers.
@mark keedwell there are no generic 'best paints'. this is very much dependent on how you paint, how you like your paints to be stored, how much you're willing to shell out and stuff like that. i use only gw because thats what i started out with. never used anything else. gw paint pots have a bad reputation but the paint inside the pots are generally praised. i cant speak for all the other paint producing companies but you have to make your own experiences with the paints. how easy is it for you to obtain a certain brand? go with brand most available in your area. if then you find you'll want to try something else start up another brand.
@jason: sotm seems to have good rules, but the art is just not to my tastes. i feel like browsing beginner's deviantart.
i'm a huge fan of art in general, having several computer game art books etc and am looking forward to the signed litho. also very happy with the stretch goals etc myself
@ropya: i don't get why these are an issue, either.  most of these things aren't "we'll use the extra ks money for this", they're "this level of interest justifies additional investment from our company". both games had a large number of stretch goals, many of which adds drelevant stuff for free.  it's not like stretch goals are even a requirement, and both projects had to add goals out of the blue far, far beyond an initial expectations.  yes, succesful games tend to lead to additional content, which you have to pay for or do without.  note that the base game remains entirely self-contained and functional. @james fryer: the really sad part is that the vast majority of pledgers don't care one iota about the signed lithograph and are really only here for, well, everything *but* that. maybe we could start a campaign where we can tindividually urn down our litho (in the survey) and gg gives a dollar to child's play.  it's tax deductible and would make the company look good, as a bonus.
if we could all please take a moment and think of the misery of poor edouard guiton.  this poor man has been committed to having to sign upwards of 5500 cover lithographs. given september as a release date and using the following assumptions along the way:    there are 136 days until the 20th september (that date is assumption number 1),    there are 5500 lithographs to sign (assumption number 2) and    edouard likes to sleep 8 hours a day (assumption number 3). then we find that poor old edouard has to sign 40 lithographs a day, at a rate of around 2.5 an hour. and hewill have time to sleep 8 hours a day if he can keep up a rate of 1 signature every 20 minutes from today until the 20th of september.  if he falls behind... well... by the end of all that, i strongly suspect that he may make a very good candidate for a zombie sculpt.  the designers would need very little imagination to get the right 'undead' look at least. and he will probably want to change his name, so he never has to sign it again. enjoy all.
*try and make a digital version, that youll have to buy like everyone else.
for all the people that were complaining and yelling at cmon for making stretch goals that we had to buy.... at least those stretch goals had to do with the game in the ks itself. i know another certain shrek like ks that stretch after stretch has been: . thanks for the awesome support, were going to take the money youve given us, and use it to make another ks for another game that you will have to buy. at the same price as everyone else. or: well try and make a digital version. thanks again for your amazing support. . just thought id put it out there. put it in perspective.
fellow gamers, please give these two kickstarter projects a look, won't you? sentinels of the multiverse http://kck.st/hupvnb curse the darkness http://kck.st/jr4bbf
good luck with the project guys, it's been kinda exciting to be a supporter and can't wait for the finished product!
that last day was exciting to see the pledges build up. now the wait for delivery of the zombicide and extra swag is like counting down to x-mas.
high-five's all around guys.  congrats to cmon and guillotine games - and thanks to all the other backers as well!
just wanted to let you know how fun this has been.  looking forward to the game.
kevin, you might try the forum http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/showthread.php…
@ kevin maybe you ask cmo if you can still get them
question. i missed that two more miniatures became available separately, any chance the extra's will become available?
yep i have bean reading them
@mark, that is the question!  cmon has a forum where that question has been addressed several times: http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php… there is also a huge number of very helpful links and tutorials!
@sleet, i also am sure cmon will sort you out.
what paints are best ?
@chris   the tearful 107 .... not nearly as imposing as the storm trooper 501st.
@shoogoo - thanks for the suggestion, i'll do it right now.
it will be all in survey
@sleet, message cmon, they'll take care of it.
aww, man! i got dragged up north for the weekend and just finally got home. just a few hours sooner and i could have added to my pledge to get those other two characters. guess i'll just have to get them later on, or something. awesome game, guys. i can't wait to get my hands on it.
@ shawn . they shall be forever known as the 'tearful 107'
will we be able to choose the size of the t-shirt?
cmon will give out a survey for addres and add ons ect
congratulations for this successful and incredible kick start. good luck to raphaël, nico, jb,  mathieu and julien ! may the force be with you and guillotine games guys ! ^^ and thanks to cmon to this kickstart !
they will send a questionnaire asking for all the details sometime over the next few days
how do they know what address to mail the game to?
cheers cmon
@isbiten, fear of internet failure is why i pledged last night, and not today.
haha, 5 people pledged in the last minute :d
@cmon, it was not my spam filter, i checked. i just ended up changing to my gmail account and it worked.
hope to see everyone over on the cmon zombicide forums. will the last person to leave here please turn off the lights. cheers all.
congratulations for the successful kick start and good luck on the project. :) one question though, do i have to register in coolminiornot forums?
cmon - no drunk posting!
if you haven't received your activation email for he forums, it's most likely your spam filter.  just drop us an email at support@coolminiornot.com listing your username and i'll take care of it manually!
life returns to normal,( not). now have to wait for the game and even more tension waiting for the expansion. just so pleased had a good weekend on ebay to pay for it all. roll on august
phew, 22 minutes to go and internet worked again, so close. 185 dollars is quite a lot. hopefully it will be worth it :).
i'd like to congratulate you all on participating in the first successful kickstarter pyramid scheme. . . . just kidding!! congratulations to cmon, gg, and everyone who helped make this a smashing success!
i had issues with payment, too...  had to call my credit card company and verify myself a few times!...  but payment finally went through...  woot!...
now the lore of the the mysterious fatty 107 begins.
lol. my chick just told me about a t-shirt that had: . normal people chasing zombies (with the saying) 'zombies worst nightmare!! necrophilics'
stupid bank, why did you panic me so?  payment _finally_went through!  whew!!!!
and it didn't take it from my balance. time to start transferring it to my bank and having an uncomfortable conversation with my wife on why i spent $100+ on another game.
i wont be surprised if i come back a few days later here and find a bunch of new comments.
by my count..... . 5,558 copies of the game. . for a total of $577,910 . for a extras difference of $203,562 granted that includes international shipping, but damn.
ok. now i need to relearn how to not refresh this page every 10 seconds.
i can't post on the forums, and i haven't received my activation email.
i really do hope the expansion is done on ks, until then it looks like we can return to our normal lives. xd i have finals coming up so this was perfect timing.
@joshua, i missed your post earlier. i was always in for the extra survivors, i was only stuck on should i get the white dice or not. i did.
right i'm gonna go relax, and get my life back, now. :p see you on teh forums.
payment done! :d
i reckon i they'd have added one more $10 optional, and set an 800k stretch goal, we'd've hit it!
chase credit card blocked the kickstarter charge from going through.  i had to call in and have them unblock them and now it has succeeded.
yeeeeeeeeeees. payment success!
@mark: i doubt anything like that would happen - they'd have all 5257 of us after them!
by the way, can you post how the package will eventually be shipped, either ups, usps, fed ex, ect. i would like to use my po box, but if i know in advance that it is ups then i'll know to supply a street address. thanks.
@cory, my wife just traded in her car, and now she's ready to charge a $1200 couch. i think i'm safe. broke, but safe.
3rd woohoo! just got 'payment succeeded' email from amazon - now i can relax!
i swear... if they run off to mexico of someplace with that 780k m so sending el cholo after them!
@joshua: yeah, i must admit i've only been over there a couple days myself - but then i only heard about this like a week ago!
@doug: worked the other way around for me. wife just bought a new set of golf clubs, so i got this and diablo 3. still only cost about a third what she spent though, lol.
@scott, been over there for weeks.... everyone else is finally showing up now though it seems!
lol! @rand: give them chance! they're probably all very drunk already!
i'd like to see a graph of lululemon sales overlayed with zombicide pledges, i don't know about the rest of you, but i may have pledged $250, but this just cost me $500.
good luck cmon, have a great success in the commercial release for zombicide and its expansion. the cost for production of the expansion is hopefully covered in the pledged amount.
that was a long 30 days worth of excitement crammed into 4....
thanks cmon!
http://guillotinegames.com/en/gamestuff stuff not out yet.
@joshua: there's always the cmon zombicide forums!
and the money's gone from my account already! woohoo! never been so glad to see that much money go out of my account! :p
ooo, i was the first or second person to like the #46 update. :p the expansion will receive my backing when it's time! :d
glad i kicked in the extra $10. ;)
ooooo, update #46! . blank card! . looks like i will be doing an extra claudia instead of an extra eva. her pose looks to have the chainsaw held away from her, so i can cut it nice and clean to attach to my extra ash (survivor level), and make a proper ash. .  awesome. :)
and now give us the rulebook. there is no turning back now anyway
i would be totally in for kickstarting the expansion, and see what stretch goals may come of it :)
they need to ks the expansion..just so we can al hang out again if nothing else...
thank you everybody. i'm gonna go get drunk. see you in a few days with the survey.
most funded board game of all time!  all time!
nice thank you extras! thank you cmon and guillotine!
i didn't know we're over 3800% of the funding goal.
@niranth, hopefully they would ks the expansion no matter what. it was a lot of for all, it got cmon to come up with some great minis, it would still lower their production costs, and it's almost like free advertising.
congratulations
damn... i'm still doing it :)
@ everyone . time to stop refreshing every 30 seconds :)
this was great. i love the zombicide guys. thanks for offering this kickstarter. the game will be awesome! so happy!
ivy could be alice from r.e. correct myself from earlier.
congrats everyone on your new game i`m so excited
@cmon, so can we get our chef fatty now?
happy zobicide day
i slapped an extra $20 down for an extra marvin and eva as gifts for a mini collector friend of mine.
i just had a chilling thought!  what if this is so successful, they don't need a ks for the expansion?
holy hell! those last few seconds were exciting. over 3/4 of a million bucks in this economy is astounding! congrats and looking forward to killing lots of zs.
hopefully they surprise us and toss in some extra loot on top for beating their 700k mark.  i'm hoping for more zombie love.  and throw in the white dice set.
whoo hoo
wow! what a blast!!! ogre is currently at 575,499. while it will eventually take 1st place, this has been quite a finish for zombicide. congrats cmon.
wake me when you need me... i shall freeze myself so that it feels like tomorrow when this arrives
woooooooooo
@james think of the extras you're getting.
well that was fun.....now we play the waiting game.....
wow cant believe i did it ...but i did ! abomination level + the xtra promos... just found about this today... glad i found it! cant wait it :)
hope only need to wait for 4 month and the game don't get lose with the postman.
107 fatties i would have been happy to give $25 dollars to, if they wanted to give me the extras...  sad face...
o my god! what have i done! (i'm sure my girlfriend will squeeze this out of me)
i think this is the most expensive board game i've ever purchased, descent + expansions being a close second.
it's still going up...
i can only imagine the party over at cmon right now.
annnnnd, i'm spent.
happy new year
i loved how with 1 sec to go we were still getting stuff purchased lol
soooo awesome, i hope the year speeds along to september to play some zombie mayhem
congrats all! now i have to find something to occupy my attention until september :s
well let the long wait for late august/september begin!
now, we can get back to our lives and wives and just wait for the boxes to arrive.
ha. $781k. nailed it. . congrats cmon
and i just hear my credit card screaming from the other room...
congrats!
i love those 2 backers who squeezed in at the last second !! :-d yaaaay it's done !!
that was the first time i've ever joyfully counted down to draining my bank account...
thank you everyone for the clarification! and congratulations guillotine!
epic stuff
yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  woooooooohoooooooooo
and now the long wait starts!
whoo 781k!
i also find it crazy that even with the last page being filled in 3 minutes that we still never overtook backers with # of comments...
done! congrats, cmon!
and now i'm broke!
happy zombicide everyone!
money gone!
wow.
hail to the king, baby. hail to the king.
well done cmon and gg!!  $781172!!!!!!!!!!!!
woohoooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
baaam!
so very cool!
and 20 seconds.... that was my first and expensive backing at ks, but it was great fun and even more stuff coming to me in september :d wish all of you gl & hf in other project and games :d
woow!
good job guys!!!!!!!!!!! been a pleasure thanks for it all cmon
wow!
funded, with 781k
boom goes the dynamite
and now: waiting!
@timothy, not eva...
it;s done!
congrats!
1!
@timothy marvin comes with the zombies.  just the first 3 come with the main game.
congratulations guillotine games! best of luck and may you spawn many expansions :)
this has been a blast guys! thank you cmon for a great ks campaign!
the number of comments is chasing the amount of backers (with no success)
hahahaha some are panicking
happy new year ;p
30 seconds!
just wow 780k+
come on 5252 backers...
just to make sure: the only extra heroes that will ship with the base game are eva, el cholo, nick, and marvin? or is it just the zombie sculpts and cts, ivy claudia and troy that won't be shipped with the base game?
@ninian, i'm right there with you.
@lokibri, i know i'm not wrong. i've even confirmed for others asking the question. i'm just paranoid i screwed up somewhere. :)
it's like new year's eve all over again...
@billy it'll totally be worth it.
it would be crazy if they just took off with the cash
final minute! :d
woot!!
@sven same to you buddy.  see you over at: http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
cheers!
a special added bonus from shaun of the dead would be amazing!
oh money...see you in september!
i can`t friggin wait to get my hands on the most expensive board game i`ve ever bought.  thanks for this everyone this has been fun.
@joshua r ebay any doubles!
scott, cornbread, daddy and everyone else. it has been a pleasure.
uk survivor +2 promos =  180 survivor  + 25 +15 shipping +20 =$240
thank you all for  a fantastic first "backing at ks"!!!
count down for new year! ^_^
@ cameron go for the white dice! only a minute left!
just tacked $20 onto my pledge; not sure what i'll use it for, but i'm sure ill find something. :)
118 seconds!
@joshua: could be!
september cannot come quick enough...
@ jalister: everything is fine my pledge is 195 and i live in the eu we can`t be wrong :p
@ jallister . same :d
claudia is michelle rodregeuz http://www.hollywoodchicago.com/sites/default/files/slideshow/fast_furious_10.jpg as "letty" in fast and furious
done. changed it to $230. hope it's correct.
780,307
i'm in for 290, 2 sets of everything (needed). 2 games, 2 of each additional survivor, 2 white dice.
2 more mins $779,947!
also fell victim to this game... now i cant wait to get all that gaming goodness :)
$780,666... come on...
will miss you all and the comments and refreshing every 30 seconds :d
squeeeeeeeee!
@joshua, i keep double-checking over and over. $100 + $40 for all additional survivors + $10 for white dice + $20 for extra tiles = $170. in the us, so no shipping. and i'm still paranoid it's wrong.
selena is a good suggestion joshua
had fun following this and being a backer. cheers all enjoy your game.
uk, survivor plus $20 for a marvin and ivy
this is mega exciting.
weee 3 minutes
actually, i am at abomination, not at fatty
yeah broke down for the extra tiles finally. :)
i'm in for $160 without the white dice. they don't seem to functionally add anything to the game.
i'm in london uk. i'm down for $195 game -$100 shipping - $25 promos - $40 white dice - $10 extra tiles - $20
hope troy's itchy hand gets replaced with a chainsaw in the final mini.
drop the extra $25 to go from fatty to abomination! . please for the love of bruce! you'll regret it if you dont!
come on $780k!!
make sure that's an abom for $100, not a fatty
claudia appears to be selena from 28days later.
kinda last minute but i'm in after a looooonnnnggg lurk. abomination and the additional characters coming my way! :d
increase my pledge, yet again...  decided to get the extra tiles...  i'm at survivor level with two of each promo survivor...
i'm in, $250 for one of everything to canada. i couldn't resist the extras offered at abomination. got to love shipping costs though, that was the biggest hold-up for me.
@scott, for the 190 pledge (the international buyers like us pay 230)?
why are there so few female survivors?  half of them are purchase only.  all the promos have been male.
@anthony - ivy is most likely  mrs. smith to be more specific.
im in for 185: fatty 100 shipping 25 all the extra miniatures 4x10= 40 extra tiles 20
@lokibri: i've gone for 2x white dice and 1x each of black and gitd dice (on top of those you get at abomination level) so that upto 6 players can have 6 dice each!
@joshua i just have.  and have some so about 16 times in the last 3 hours.
eva: the bride (uma thurman)  el cholo: machete (danny trejo)  nick: john mcclane (bruce willis)  marvin: jules winnfield ( samuel l. jackson)  chaz: chuck norris  cts: as himself  troy: ash "housewares" williams (bruce campbell)  ivy: mrs smith (angelina jolie) claudia: gail from sin city? (rosario dawson)  dave the geek: sheldon (jim parsons)
i am not.  i just noticed it jumped to 107
5 more mins $778,237! wow
thank you all for supporting to spend my money on that game :d. i thought ebay was intense but this just hits it :d. an remember: the happyness you have before the game comes out will be equal to the joy you have when you can finally play it :d.
really, even now a person still picked a fatty pledge?
@ lokibri  . excellent choice. you wont regret it, especially after the mold for the dice wears out. :)
@ everyone... fifty years from now, when you look back on your life, don't you want to be able to say you had the guts to double check your pledge amounts, reward levels and shipping if needed?
@greg, ar eyou the new fatty? you don't get the extras. you know that, right?
domestic shipping is free
lets see we have .. ivy   aka  angelina eva  aka the bride marvin  aka pulp fiction  claudia ??? eagle aka chuck samurai aka cartoon fame nick ??? el cholo aka mr machete himself dave aka misc geek any corrections to my list (all for abomination level plus $40)
@michael us shipping is included in your pledge.
numbers are still climbing @-@
zombicide forums for people who still want to chat. http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
6 more 6 mins!
so which is it?  domestic shipping is included or not?  thanks for all the help!
another fatty added!
remember the white dice!
$25 for the first copy of the game, $15 for each copy thereafter, and $15 for each set of foam trays
thanks to cmon, gg and all my new friends on here for a great pledge drive.  kept me happy while other stuff wasn't!  congrats on such an epic win!
@angel yes! add it now!
@scott, so for the $190 pledge, the total is 190+40 ?
damn, i just threw in $10 more for the white dice. i never should have tried to go against my completionist mentality.
@ scott . yep, correct pledge amount. :) . also double-checked the confirmation emails from kickstarter and amazon. can never be too careful. :d
8 minutes! :d
@michael add shipping now!
@angel: yes you have to add it.
as the minutes tick down to zero i just want to say that this has been a great ride. i look forward to some dark fall nights sitting in my igloo here in norway painting the miniatures while watching old horror movies.
@angel yes includ $25 for international shipping
@angel: yes you do!
@all: shipping must be included in the pledge!
woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
@michael there is no extra shipping in the us it's free.
i don't think ogre has the same broad appeal this game does. can't wait for my copy, but i'm sure not as many people feel that way. i bet zombiecide sets the board game record for a while.
count down. @cmon, do i have to include the international shipping as part of the pledge ?
@chris: that total seems right to me
i was on board at d-day dice kickstarter. a wonderful project. but this was a real thriller. i am happy that its over and we can go in to waiting phase!
10 more mins
nice on lokibri
@ scott . good call! brb :)
@tiek, i have a crap ton of other stuff to paint.  i'm going to leave this in it's pristine plastic goodness and enjoy it that way.
alright. clutch time folks... rern all your math, and double check your chose reward level, make sure you add your shipping if needed....
well done lokibri
shipping in the us needs to be added myself?  $25?
huge "congratulations" to cmon and guillotine games!  very well-run ks campaign.  can't wait to play zombicide!
$777,000 already
@ erich  . possible conversions - although that might become a claudia duplicate so i have a clean chainsaw to chop off and attached to ash.
i am a perfectionist... white dice included... you really know how to seduce me...
$781k is my bet
final total 780k
well all, this was my first time on ks, and i had a blast watching the total blow away all the stretch goals and participating here in the comments.  can't believe we doubted zombie chaz at one point... lol.  next up... expansion! :d
@chris: i keep doing that to - d'u keep checking the value you pledged is what you think it is too?
oh, and we've just hit over 200k over ogre... i am wondering if they'll be able to catch up.
woo! mobile posting ftw! 785 is my guess... congrats cmon, man i can't wait to play this game!
get the white dice... they are the 'blood stained dice'...
thank you zombicide for keeping me glued to my phone and computer for the last month. what a great ride!  congrats on a great looking game and and successful kickstarter.
and to think that i was worried about hitting $700k...
i posted what seem ,like hundreds of comment ago (ie yesterday) possibility of pulling out as i am still not sure if justifiable for me to spend so much on any game never mind zombie game which i will be crap at painting, but have invested lots if time and emotion in this ks so will keep it (with extra survivors) and hope for the best. am hoping it will be a great time in which i would be even more persuaded to keep or if not for me, resell.
why an eva duplicate?
12 minutes see you all at the expansion kickstarter!!! :)
here's my spreadsheet entries for anyone curious: . zombicide	 pledge: ‘survivor’ level	190 shipping: main set	25 shipping: second set	15 eva	10 marvin	10 ivy	10 claudia	10 white dice set	10 battlefoam trays	40 tray shipping	15 white dice set 2	10 eva duplicate	10 . .	 total pledge	355 . i hope it's calculating correctly... >.>
well done guillotine and cmon on such a successful kickstarter!  looking forward to playing the game in a few months time :)
sorry, bigbrain! :p
@joshua... fifty years from now, when you look back on your life, don't you want to be able to say you had the guts to make that stupid cornbread middle name joke...
not long to go now... its been fun :d
@phil, they are hoping to ship in august so good chance at gen con.
well ... guess we made it, heh. damn, ya'll. hmmm.  do i need white dice?  no, i don't, but ...
now it is $775,635!
of course, sven! :d
couldn't we just tell our wives that our pledge is tax deductible at the end of the year.  my luck my wife will try and i'll get audited.  i was a pleasure meeting and listening to you all.
final total - 780k
@scott welcome back for the final countdown!
@jailster, message me on bgg if you want. to crazy to keep up on here.
there are only 4 extra minis right??
@anthony -------- troy
which figure is represented by ash??
any chance zombiecide will be at origins or gencon?
well, with about 15 minutes left, i want to say thanks to the zombicide team, all the backers, commenters, and especially "cornbread" joshua for dilligently crunching numbers and keeping the comments alive! i am proud to say this is my first backed project and i will be keeping up with it on bgg as apophis1989, as well as attend gencon and shake the creators hands! thanks again everyone!
scott is back for the finish.
i keep double-checking the spreadsheet i have set up to make sure i have pledged enough to get all the extras i want.
785k
has anyone other than the person that commented on the updates page had an issue with amazon?
$790,000 is my guess
i think most non-us backers are at the $195 mark... it's just too good to not do it. can't wait to combine the cult minis that i add into last night on earth into this...
more
with both chuck norris and bruce campbell included in the mix i have to think we have the ultimate boardgame. i'm going to start using them for all my board games. candy land will never be the same
17 minutes left. . any predictions on the final total? . i'm going to be conservative and say $775k.
painting the models yourself is a great experience in my mind
according to my girlfriend it's the "if this is such a great deal why are you spending so much to buy it" club. i tried to tell its like buying clothes sometimes you have spend more to save even more. i don't think she's bought into the concept yet.
@adam, i bought every survivor. i just don't have a need for duplicate survivors and an insane amount of zombies.
@james greene: glad to know that i'm not the only one :) i can't wait to get my hands on it
must... resist... ah well, who was i kidding, really?!
@richard- me too.
well...this has been fun! i feel little dazed, still not sure of what to expect, but i'm almost certain i'm pleased, and am definitely looking forward to the massive box that will arrive on my stoop!
joshua, i'm sorry that 50 years from now when you look back on your life, you won't be able to say you had the guts to get the painted set. :-d
@chi... fifty years from now, when you look back on your life, don't you want to be able to say you had the guts to go up to survivor.... oh wait. never mind.
@chi yong, who can resist the thought of a game with 192 zombies?
@jallister - the point is not to use them all at once, but to have different survivors to choose from
@ chi yong, james grene . same here. :)
@chi yong: welcome to the club.
want to thank cmon for running the coolest kickstarter i've seen.  i've lurked through a lot, this was officially my first backed ks.
arrghhh...couldnt resist it, upgraded from abomination to survivor for another set . . .
@ lokibri . get the white dice. the moment you open the box and see the custom black dice, next to the custom glowy dice, next to the... standard white dice with black pips, you will be full of regret. . $10 is what... a starbucks coffee?
@richard... fifty years from now, when you look back on your life, don't you want to be able to say you had the guts to get the tiles?
and yes ... i have all the survivors too!!
@jalister: i'm taking that rule for myself so i do not over spend on the game.
@jalister... fifty years from now, when you look back on your life, don't you want to be able to say you had the guts to get all the survivors?
@jailster, south broward
alright ... i could not take it any longer ... i pulled the trigger ...!! please just do me one favor zombicide ... i purchased another "expensive" game back in september and 2 months after it was released they offered everything to the public that they offered to the backers  ... at a %15 discount!!   when the backers complained their response was ... ... ....  yes late comers get the game at a discount but their name is not forever listed on the the initial backers page in the back of the instruction book ...  gee ... thanksss  (oh yea i think i got a screensave too!!)
@ cmon . we're in the home stretch now, and i just wanted to say this has been a great kickstarter.:) . it has everything a fellow like me could possibly want: great models to paint from ex-rackham people (i'm a big fan of the confrontation figures), lots of awesome extras, tons of zombies! and, most importantly, ash! :d . well worth the $355 i've invested for. . thank you cmon. :)
lokibri... fifty years from now, when you look back on your life,  don't you want to be able to say you had the guts to get the white dice?
/@ropya, where are you in south florida?
alice is about the only one we're missing
thanks, i'm at $165 for game, promos and shipping. now do i add $20 for extra tiles....?
have a feeling eva should called alice instead...
only minutes remain for all you fatty pledges to dig up another $25 for a boatload of extras!
@lokibri cmon have said once their tool is dead they're not going to make any more.  so this could be your last chance for white dice.
as tempting as some of the offers are here, like survivor, i had to set a rule for myself to only buy one of anything i wanted. i think we will have a total of 5 players max, with 3 players being more common. now if we had enough players to use all 16 survivors, i would have upped to survivor.
800.000 should be free shipping to canada
@matt, without being here the last couple of hours to absorb the numbers...i think 785,000 should be close.
@richard yes
@richard it's $25 extra for shipping to the uk for one game.  that covers any extras you might get.  i'm at $195. game - $100 eva, marvin, ivy, gail - $40 extra tiles - $20 white dice - $10 postage $25
@ richard: yes, plz add 25$ for europe (all mentioned in the info text ;)) @ matt: you... you...seducer :d
@ richard, yes, you need to add the shipping now to your pledge.
@richard yes
@lokibri, they are white! you need them to get rid of the devil inside.
any gamers in south florida?
a bit late to ask, but does my pledge amount need to include uk shipping costs?
@lokibri - get the white dice.
wb joshua..slept well?
@niranth i'm the same there as well.  see you there.  other cool people from here are also on there.
@vinsssounet: oh god... the lil devil starts to find a way in my head...holy... white dice what for?! but can i resist?!?! ^^
@matt z, aye with the same name
@joshua predicted end number?  looks like i was wrong saying we wouldn't make it to $770.000
@mark no.  shipping is free for us
mark, you got it right!
@mark : no shipping costs for us resident, that's right
wait a second.. the $120 i donated for abomination level covers that and the two extra heroes i want. as a us resident i don't need to add any additional for shipping do i?
@niranth see you at the cmon boards?
no uni-pony with a cardboard tube horn and chainsaw saddle for me it seems.... sad panda.
good news for french-speaking guys : the official french website of zombicide mention that the rules (in french) will available free to download in pdf !  http://guillotinegames.com/fr/support
yeah i figured cmon will have an active forum. i do hope guillotine keeps adding blog entries since i love the description on how the survivors all have different playing styles.
@cmon, thank you for all of the fun i have had over the last few weeks!  you have made my first kickstarter experience take on a disney level of fun and unexpected value.  the anticipation of the game is at at level matched by my waiting on the next star wars film in the early 80s.   . to all of the wonderful people i have met, i hope to see you again, really great people!  onward to $775k and 5,300 backers!
so i have to ask.  why does the girl with the chainsaw on the cover look like a dude?  i love the rest of the art, but the illustration for her i just do not like.
i would say cmon would be, but you know there will be tons of cross posting over to bgg, and those guys can churn out the content.....
@brian i imagine cmon's.
hi long time donor first time commenter. i see multiple forums and websites mentioned (guillotine games,cmon's, board game geeks). which one do you think is the best one for accurate and up to date information once the pledge drive is over?
@maximillian someone pointed out that plantsvzombies got sued for using him.  so we'll never see it in zombicide!
still kinda sad about not seeing a certain thriller zombie, but who knows it might come later.
@frederik, indeed!
good to see cmon here for the final stretch
@cmon - hey b and ca (you know who you are!) - thanks for an awesome game. loved it when we saw it at adepticon and just can't wait to play now. **fast forward 4 months!** :d
for non-us : choose a base, chooses adds and then you have the amount you need to pledge. base : abomination level 125$ (100+25$ shipping) survivor level 230$ (190+40 shipping) 3's company level 335$ (280+55 shipping) extras :  ivy, claudia, marvin or eva = +10$ each, free shipping tiles +20$, free shipping foam =  +55$ (40 + 15 shipping) white dices or black dices = +10$ each pack of 6 dices, free shipping glow in the dark dices = +15$ each pack of 6 dices, free shipping you have all informations, just made your choice !
well this has been an amazing run and a lot of you have been great company.  keep finding out about great projects to back, and have fun playing the game!! (i might see you on the forums later - you'll recognize the avatar...)
@frederik: ack, stop making good point to make me spend more money!
i'm just glad someone bought that last paint the town..before i got too tempted.
finally talked myself into extra tiles.  so $170 is my final answer.  thanks cmon!  can't wait to play!
@cmon: we going to need fireworks and confetti as the next stretch reward.
@cmon thanks for the answer! i'm gonna stick with one of each then! save my money for later on!
if you do battlefoam, though, the second box gets a bit crazy and i'd advise against it.
i'm international, btw - i factored the $15 when i decided the extra box was too good to pass up.  that thing has twelve extra individually packaged promo figures that you can keep in the original boxes and still have all the perks of two boxes.  just about no way i can't get $95 back for that and make someone happy at the same time.  then again, i'll probably make customs of them anyway.
well, so much for my $740,000 prediction...
@matt the dice are coming from two tools, so once those tools are knackered we'll probably go on and make other cool designs rather than revisit them.
well, just increased another 10.  up to 290 now.  800000 here we come.  if we reach 800000 cmon should toss in a surprise gift for all who pledged 100 or more.  could be something small like a different tile or extra something from the game.  they could put a cmon  coupon in each box of zombicide for $15 off the expansion when ordered through cmonbut i'm happy with everything were getting now.
here's my zombie pic i made.....lol
joshua isn't a zombie!
hey @cornbread, how are things?
well that's it them... wish i've had the money for the foam and for the white dice... but saddly... i haven't... thanks for the answers guy! now the sad part... the waiting part!!!
@joshua yes.  like the desert misses the rain.  that and it wouldn't be right if you weren't here for the end.  where's @scott hill as well?
@matt, you miss me?
@cmon will the black/glowing/white dice be available again?  or are they limited like the promo figures?
come on 770k.
@joao, yes, you are missing the white dice, which is why my pledge is 195$
@joao:  your math is correct. it's the exact same as mine sans the battlefoam (40+15), and i'm at $240 so 240 - 55 = 185. you're gold
@lokibri : your math look good... if you can bear the fact that you'll own everyyyyyything... except the whites dices =o i was on the exact same amount than you and then a little evil appeared on my shoulder and said to me "what is 10$ ? troy doesn't deserve your help ?" and now i have white dices =(
where's @joshua?
yay! finally i can comment :)  my boyfriend and i have been backing this for ages, but i just decided to make a small pledge so i could get the litho and promo survivor too.  i was feeling left out!  this project has been brilliant and just can't wait to play the game.
thx cmon... and please stop making stuff i want... it's getting very expensive already... there you go... 185$ abomination level 100$ shipping 25$ 4 extra survivors 40$ 1 extra tiles 20$ anyone sees any flaw in my math?
upped my pledge another $50 to get an extra of all the optional promos and a set of the white dice. damn that ocd gamer in me. it's like a twisted undead pokemon game " gotta get them all!"
thank god i asked otherwise i'd be part of 'the 105'! on a more relaxed note, ridiculously excited for this game to ship
@matt. i agree with matt ;-) have extra tiles now and buy survivors later, since the extra tiles are 20$ below msrp you wouldn't loose money if you had to buy the survivors for 20$.
the only things that need extra shipping input into the pledges are the base game (+25), the battlefoam (+15 per set), and additional games (+15), all promo figures, tilesets, lithographs, and dice ship free.
@jonathan w : add 25$ for shipping in your pledge if you are in in uk
@ jonathan: you should include it in the pledge, because otherwise it gets really complicated for them. @ jalister: thank you very much for confirmation.
will need to up my pledge then!!
@jonathan, you need to include shipping now.
@billy gove +1
shipping needs to be in the pledges now.
@niranth and matt - good call, i can pick up tiles when i have some cash again (post zombicide kickstarter is a lean month!), cheers guys _m
@jonathan w include postage now
i believe shipping is added beforehand
and cmon are watching us all!
@matt hayler also just add the $20 and think about it.  you don't have to decide until the surveys go out and that'll be a few days.
@lokibri, your math looks good.
do you need to include the shipping in your pledge if you're in the uk or will that happen after the project closes?
i said those guys were fast! how can you not love them?
well crap, added an extra $20 for the tiles. think we can break $800k in the next hour? that will give sjg something to work towards :)
@niranth makes a good point.  you're only saving $10 on the tiles here.
wow, that was a fast response for joao from cmon!
@matt, the tiles will be widely available as a support item, the promos are limited.
only additional shipping is for the game, additional games and battlefoam.
@joao nope.
there is no additional shipping for those extra tiles if you live outside us?!?!? srlsy i need an answer quick!
@matt i'd say extra tiles.
moved to survivor plus four extra figs.  made sense instead of tiles.  i went 160 to 230 and have a whole extra game and swag.   thanks for suggestion!
wow broke $760,157 mark!
just talked a friend into coming in with me, up to survivor we go! i can only pledge $20 over my half of the game and shipping (uk, ugh...), what do people think: extra game tiles or marvin and ivy (marvin partly because there's only 1 black character that i can see, which is pretty weird after all the complaints we had here about balancing sexes, mostly because jules is just a great character; ivy because: sniper+human heart in zombie sculpt). thoughts? with all the extra zombies at abomination a huge city might be the best way to play, hence the extra tiles...?
just to be safe: i want acomplete game, that means: 1x abomination (100$) 1x tileset to make big maps (20$) all promos figures (4x10$ = 40$) and i live in the eu (25$) makes a total of my pledge = 185 $ so this will give me everything i ever wanted to have the full set right? (would be nice to get a confirmation ;) ) great game can`t wait to have it here :d.
@frederik: i don't know, $70 for a second copy of the game is a good deal, but that would push me to $240.  and i am already pushing it at $170.
one more guy at 800,000 a guy with piece of wood with a nail in it
and hes back again! wtf
so with 76 minutes to go predictions?  i think we'll just touch $770.000 but maybe just fall short of it.  maybe $767000
thanks guys, i'm from euro so $195 for me :)
well done that fatty.
1 more jumped from fatty to abomb
you know, when i look at the claudia concept art, i can't help but think of claudia donovan from warehouse 13.
already in for $240 for a single copy of the game. $300+ is just too much for me.
i'd go up to survivor instead of the extra tiles, but it is a difference of paying $20 more or paying $105 more. international shipping is a bitch.
so happy the abominators get troy now!
ok, done!! i added my last 25$ just in time! phew... now i'll go back to work and come back for the last minute, just to be astonished... thanks cory and jalister...
and an additional $15 for each game after the first
and if you get 2 copies of the main game i think it's a further $15 as well outside the usa.
i believe this is shipping outside the us. the game is $25. if you want the battle foam trays it's an additional $15.
@aje007, painting minis is a great hobby!  especially when you hit that sweet spot where time ceases to exist.
yep, 25$
@frederik, good idea. the final secret surprise will be a new custom walker that looks sad, or maybe facepalming. we all get 106 of them.
maybe troy will give his cts to a fatty pledger?
uh oh... i forgot to put in my shipping amount... is it 25$ for europe?! (sorry i didn't saw it in the pledge description, so i assumed it was free or included)
since i was getting all the other optional survivors, i finally caved and included marvin.
i just caved and added $40 for the battle foam. i've never painted minis before (as these are my first ones), but this game makes me want to learn how. i'm sure this will be the best $280 i've ever spent!
now i wonder if i should bump up my pledge just a bit to cover any unforseen expenses........ then take a few extra-survivor figs.  $10 for 2 is damn good.
also, anyone who has abomination + tiles, do consider upgrading to survivor, for roughly the same reason.  you just might have to kick yourself later if you don't.
yes, seriously, anyone at $75, don't even joke about this, upgrade to $100, or you'll forever be remember in the lore of this game as "the 106" or whatever. the price difference is not a reasonable reason to hold back, in this case.  even if you care quite little about the two sets of dice, the 12 bonus figures and the 31 extra zombies, you could make back the $25 many times over by snapping your fingers on ebay or bgg - and i'm not talk about scalper prices here: even people who already have the whole set will very, very gladly pay $25 for just the extra survivors. (or, if you want to be a scalper, $25 for each version of chaz)
@shoogoo i can also confirm it's $170.  i'm paying $195 as i'm in the united kingdom.
@shoogoo.  i'm doing the same and i figured it was $170  ( 4x$10 for figures + $10 dice + $20 tiles = $70) and i pledged $180 for $10 cushion which i'll take as either extra dice or a 2nd marvin. just wanted to make sure i was covered.
@jalister me too.  but zpocalypse just looked too dense.  i'm not an rpger and it looked too dark and difficult to follow.  zombicide is something i reckon my wife will play.
@shoogoo, $170 for what you want. i spent $160 since i didn't need the dice. if you are not in the usa you need to add shipping.
100 for abomination + 10 for each character + 20 for double tiles + 10 for dices = $170 shoogoo
if they added a menu option of more figures (like a bagged set).... i'm sure they could hit another stretch goal.... if it were close.
@matt, i saw zpocalypse first and almost went for it. then i saw zombicide!
i know jalister, it was just a silly thing that came to my mind, thinking about 5k people supporting this project... and the power of a single dollar raise, in this case, is just mindblowing.
just because i made the math a bazillion times and i'm still doubting, how much do i have to pay if i want abomination, all 4 survivors, white dices and extra tiles?
i doubt all 5000+ are here right now, so you can't count on everyone raising by $1.
@everyone, good morning!  as much sleep as i have lost watching this project, i feel like a zombie.  they really need to make a survivor with an ipad for the expansion. <5,000 backers and $750k - just wow!!
if they set a gift for 760k, i suggest everybody raise their pledge of a single dollar, so we would be 3k away from it!! eheh... i just raised mine for the double tile pack, this final run totally got me
100 minutes left!
wow! it's gone of 50k in 5 1/2 hours!
nothing like cool minis to increase the will to purchase... and these are some damned nice sculpts
here is a crude copy and paste of what fatties will miss by not upping to abomination. (it looks like 3 have upgraded so far). -dave the geek and zombicide dice! -everyone who pledged abomination and above ($100) gets a great red t-shirt -get two additional fatties in each zombicide set if you pledged abomination ($100) or more! -everyone who pledged abomination and above ($100) gets an extra set of 6 glow in the dark custom dice -get an additional abomination for each box game for pledges at abomination level and above ($100)! -everyone who pledged abomination and above ($100) gets three (one each) of the zombie promo figs -get 2 extra fatties and 6 extra runners per boxed game if you pledge abomination -20 additional walkers just to round things out per boxed game if you pledge abomination -chaz - a true american hero!  if we hit this stretch, all abomination -zombie "eagle" is free for all abomination -cardboard tube samurai: zombicide edition, and his counterpart, the zombie cardboard tube samurai.  if we hit this stretch, everyone who pledges abomination -everyone who pledged abomination ($100) and above will get troy and zombie troy!
ogre's a bit like zpocalypse.  like the concept, but it doesn't look as apetitising as zombicide.  it's the main reason i went for this.  it just looks cool and playable.
@erich pledge ogre for $1, so you can comment there. and then ask about shipping to asia, or more specific shipping  to your country.
@matt  yeah, but it still would be cool.
ogre looks interesting, just not really my cup of tea. if i was going to play a big tank battle game i'd rather plastic/metal miniatures. the whole cardboard thing seems a little odd to me. but yeah the shipping is just insane for that game. but i wish them all the luck in the world, and if they don't pass us they'll definitely get pretty close.
@travis they said troy was the last goal.  so i doubt it!
holy graphics. i went to sleep at $392the figuring it'd be close when i woke up. . damn blew thru it and still close to 2 hours left?
so is there going to be a $750k award?
this level of funding means they can produce the game in bigger quantities, and therefore distribute it more.  which is awesome
i'm starting to entertain the possibility that ogre might not make it back on top - $750k was just about the most i could imagine it doing.  note that by now ogre's stretch goals are closer together than zombicide's. i agree that shipping is probably the killer, though.  i get three boxes here for about the same shipping i would pay for one ogre.  ogre is getting shipped to the u.s. and picked up on my next vacation, actually - it's just too much.
760k bonus another shirt in black
3/4 of a million dollars.  that is incredible.
this is incredasome tis at the $750,000 mark. yey
750! woot!
if we reach 800k, i'll chastise myself for ever being worried we wouldn't hit bruce
115 minutes and we nearly breach the 750k mark...just on word: incredible (or awesome... you choose) :d.
@matt: yeah, that was me. i was really interested in ogre, but they don't ship to asia. :(
750k bonus.  20 more walkers. 6 more runners. 4 more fatties. and another abomination
someone said ogre isn't shipping to asia.  could be why we're ahead.  though i imagine they'll do more as they have 5 days left.
i can't believe we're just under 175k over ogre... that's insane and i never thought we would get anywhere near them.
@cory @avicenna ah! sorry i didn't see that.  braindead.
thanks cory, thats exactly what i mean
@chris ash-holes = legendary.
exactly 2 hours to go now!
the prospect of a double-ash (one of which will be properly converted to have a chainsaw hand!) lead me to up my pledge to survivor... including shipping to canada, i am now in for $355. :) . ash-holes unite!
there's no reason to think the addons are abomination only.  they don't say they are.  the only stipulation was that if the stretch goal was passed only people who bought the figures got the zombie versions.
@matt: it says right on the optionals page that marvin and eva are for abomination and above only, it doesn't say the same for the other two.
@alex: you're wrong about navajas, it's machete. he wears a belt of throwing knives in both movies, but it's identical in machete, not so much as navajas.
@avicenna anyone can buy marvin and eva regardless of level.
@avicenna: you know, it doesn't say. i would imagine it's still abom only, but i have no real idea... good time for cmon to chime in i'd think.
@alex: i think it is machete: http://mankindunplugged.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/machete_trejo_md.jpg
with marvin and eva, are they only available if you have pledged abomination or above? what about ivy and claudia?
the chaz is based off the old vhs cover of chuck's flick invasion usa, its pretty spot on except for the guns i think in the movie he has mac 10s. the danny trejo isn't machete its from desperado when he played "navajas" the hit man for the cartel with all the throwing knives.
@ matt: undying gratitude sounds very nice and they mentioned it would be the final stretch goal :d. i`m pretty ok with that. it`s great to see how a project grows and grows and the creator find more and more things they can implement. thank you for the great game and the great ideas.  i just thought of a special kickstarter-zombie for example, a simpleone with a quarter anywhere ^^. that would be fun to see and would bring the ks supporters together as very special supporters from the first day :d. but if not, i am in no way disappointed. a greatwork they did, a great reward they got for ;). congratz to the designers ;).
@rand oh but what a day it'll be when it arrives!
now to wait 4 months for the game. ^_^
@lokibiri i think their undying gratitude is the only extra we'll get.  and i think we can all be happy  with that.
wow, i'm legitimately shocked (in a good way) that this project has had so much attention and funding. $750,000 or so is a ridiculous amount of money for a boardgame to receive!!! congrats to the entire crew behind the design and product. i can only hope this success inspires more innovative and 'cool' ideas from the cmon team and from others to see the light of day!
wow over 5k backers now... come on cmon, there must be a `lil gift waiting for 750k isnt it? ^^ amazing what ppl can do with this side and a great project!
ding 5,000!
i remember them mentioning that we'd see the jock and the cheerleader again, so i'm wondering what will come of that.
i still like the idea that claudia is the main female lead from 28 days later. also, yay $700k!
only $7611 to $750,000!
i don't think claudia is gail—the outfit isn't even close. although it does look a lot like rosario dawson, i'm just not sure which movie (death proof doesn't seem to fit either). although, while we're on the subject of grindhouse, there needs to be a cherry darlin' in the expansion.
just 9 more people.....
dangit - another awesome ks that i can't stick around for the final countdown... boo. early congrats to cmon - looking forward to the closeout update when i get back!
@ilias oh there we go! it was bothering me that i couldn't remember!
looks right ilias, matt hunter - http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_di621kpm2a4/tnlzt84m63i/aaaaaaaaex0/pngdezgpnwy/s1600/invasionusa.jpg
ooops wrong that was invasion usa
let the wait til september begin...
i think we're gonna hit 3/4 of a million!
i think delta force
@matt, i agree, it's just that i see a lot of crying coming soon.    :)    the important thing is that whining to cmon will not do them any good since amazon is running the show on payments.
nah, i've seen him look like that in a movie before. i just forget which movie.
@jalister think he's the internet meme of chuck norris being a superman.
so is chaz just chuck norris, or is he a specific character like the other promos?
@jeff it's not like they weren't given fair warning!
i still can't believe there are 109 fatty backers . . . . . boy are they going to be upset when this closes out and they find out how badly they missed out!
joshua will be a zombie if he does come back!
joshua was awake until we hit the 700k, so i believe he is snorring it away. however, i think he mentioned coming back for the final.
maybe we haven't seen joshua because he is to busy being made into the next survivor.
@brendan: the original inbox survivors will get their zombie versions with the expansion in q2/13
@matt: the easiest thing for a mailing list too--all cmon has to do is make an update here and we'll all get a ping.
sorry, einar - i am convinced my keyboar dis doing this on purpose
in regards to the expansion, i'm sure that now we've all pledged we'll be on the mailling list for future stuff.
no winar, she will feature in "vampircide"
@andreas, thanks for the quick response. now i have to find the patience to wait for the game and the expansion... these guys sure build hype like champs. seasoned veterans.
cmon really should offer chef fatty, just to see what happens in the final hours. he could be a stretch goal or another optional purchase.
@brendan, yes exactly. there will be a game mechanic that turns survivors into zombies thats why you won't need (and get) any zombie survivors before the expansion.
i think a buffy would be awesome!
this kickstarter has done pretty freaking well, i am so glad to see such a game, and also the support the gaming community has put behind it. i look forward to this one shipping and seeing the expansion as well.
@brendan, the word is that these will be included in the expansion
41 backer to go to 5000
so i backed a couple of days ago, but i'm curious, has anything been said about the original (in-box) survivors having a zombie variant? coming with the expansion maybe?
ripley (sigourney weaver) would be cool as someone suggested aswell
nope, no buffy
i am seeing so many cool characters here - especially chuck and samuel.  is there a buffy somewhere?
i wonder if joshua is going to come back for the last hour?
not sure about gail though but i think it is her
i just scrolled down and saw other think the same thing.
eva: the bride (uma thurman)  el cholo: machete (danny trejo)  nick: john mcclane (bruce willis)  marvin: jules winnfield ( samuel l. jackson)  chaz: chuck norris  cts: as himself  troy: ash "housewares" williams (bruce campbell)  ivy: mrs smith (angelina jolie) claudia: gail from sin city? (rosario dawson)  dave the geek: sheldon (jim parsons) seems to be correct i recon
here's a question for anyone who's used amazon payments before.  will it pull from it's account balance before it charges to a card?  pre-loaded it with $100, charging $140 and want to mitigate wife agro.
i think ivy might be angelina jolie from mr. & mrs. smith.
ivy : mrs smith (angelina jolie)
eva: the bride (uma thurman)  el cholo: machete (danny trejo)  nick: johns mcclane (bruce willis)  marvin: jules winnfield ( samuel l. jackson)  chaz: chuck norris  cts: as himself  troy: ash "housewares" williams (bruce campbell)  ivy: ?  claudia: gail from sin city? (rosario dawson)  dave the geek: sheldon (jim parsons) fill in the blanks those that know ivy
he is better as housewares though ;) ah ok so dave is from big bang ivy anyone?
ha ha ha aha ha, dave the geek is sheldon indeed -awesome : )
jinx
ivy is angelina jolie from mr and mrs smith
ivy is angelina jolie from mr and mrs smith
@vegar: dave the geek - sheldon from big bang theory and ash's surname is williams.
@christopher: appreciate the info. i will be checking those site out.
so these are the ones i recon  eva: the bride (uma thurman) el cholo: machete (danny trejo) nick:  johns mcclane (bruce willis) marvin: jules winnfield ( samuel l. jackson) chaz: chuck norris cts: as himself troy: ash housewares (bruce campbell) ivy: ? claudia: gail from sin city? (rosario dawson)  dave the geek: ? fill in the blanks those that know ivy and dave
i think its the chick from sin city, also from deathproof, and some think its a chick from aliens.
ok final stretch goal.  if they get to $750,000 cmon will publish photos of the night drinking they have to celebrate the pledge drive.
claudia from warehouse 13?
i think claudia is a girl from the deathproof movie.
any consensus on who claudia is?
had to go for the extra tiles and all the additional characters. looking forward to getting down to business!
so cmon have confirmed troy!  3hrs 40 minutes left!  let's see where it goes!
@jonathan: http://www.miniaturemarket.com/ is one of my favorite places.  check out the vellejo game color paints or reaper high density paints.  there are dozens of high quality tutorials on cool mini or not, reaper, brush thralls, etc.  here's some links for you: painting zombies: http://anatolisgameroom.blogspot.com/2011/12/painting-zombies-tutorial.html general painting http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/showthread.php… http://blog.brushthralls.com/ painting plastic boardgame minis: http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/130443/how-to-paint-plastic-miniatures
@jonathan. head over to www.coolminiornot.com and visit their shop. if you need further help, visit their forums, and you'll get all the answers you need.
this is my first kickstarter donated to (survivor + opt mini's) and wanted to say great job running it and can't wait to start playing it. as this is my first miniature game can anyone recommend info on how to get started in painting and where i can buy supplies? thanks!
i am british also. must be more than us few. first time i checked in for about 15 hours. blown away by how much hasbeen pledged
congrats to everybody. doubled my order. hey cool mini - live an hour from alpharetta, let me know if you need some help putting extras in the boxes!
oh, and one person from the painting forums i also frequent, but he was on here like twice, ages ago.
@matt: dunno - me, you, and tsini are the only ones i'm sure about
updated my pledge to get all the optional mini's.... gotta catch 'm all..
a last stretch goal would be nice at 750k to offer international translations of the rule book as downloadable pdf. especially for german language.
@scott how many other brits have you encountered here?
who's gonna be here for the last few minutes? (i'm going out, but am planning on popping back on for the end (if only to check whether they've added any sneaky last minute extras :p))
wouldn't be surprised, matt
5 am phoenix az usa
4 and 1/2 hours to go and it's still totting up.  wonder if it'll hit 750,000?
with all the bonuses, i was compelled to up my pledge to survivor.  can't pass up all that free stuff!
@tsini: in what part of the uk are you?
i just woke up and see we hit the $700,000 handedly! i am sure it has been said already, but congrats to everyone!
i finally caved for the last 2 female optional survivors. couldn't choose between them. after spending yesterday greenstuffing gaps on sde minis, i'm looking forward to these one piece guys. :)
@wade: good! if you'd have been at fatty i'd've been telling you how much an extra $25 gets you, right about now
@scott hill - i am at the abomination level plus a few extras. however, i don't know much about the expansion.
kickstarting the expansion would be awesome !
just think, if they ks the expansion they'll have stuff as extras for that.  but before you pledge a dime you'll have a load of extras! if you're an abomination that is!
thanks
@craig, you have to add them now !
did you guys add shipping fees to your pledge or do we pay that later?
@tsini: cmon has it's roots as an online retailer, i'm sure they'll cope.
@bruno: at this stage we have no idea - the zombie versions won't be required until the expansion you've got the expansion - and there's even less known about that than the there is about the core game
how on earth do you post 5,000 units, and keep track of those 5,000 individual requests for extras. cmon, you may want to hire a couple of extra hands lol.
this game have so much potentiel.. once the basic rules are released and the zombie survivor expansion too cmon could start releasing expansions based on small campaigns in new locations. like a hospital campaign talking place in a huge hopital, with zombie nurses and rules to go.
does the character zombies become walkers or they have specified skills?
not that that makes any difference (the 6 core character zombies will come with the expansion)
@wade, yes, yes there are. are you in at abomination level?
are there zombie versions of the six original survivors that come in the box?
i'm sure they will, allan - and one can always house-rule anything that's broken
well i also hope that with the amount of money they have recived now cmon will push that q1 for the expansion although the original will be fun to play in the months coming up to the expansion
i hope that the zombicide rule creators, have the time to make sure that all the extra and promo minis, comes with rules that does'nt ruin game balance.. it can really spoil the fun if some survivors are way to overpowered or weak.. once again cmon thanks for all the extra stuff can't wait to get zombicide....
5k backers before the end? :p
fatty to abomination gives: dave survivor and zombie, cholo zombie, nick zombie, 4 extra fatties, 6 extra runners, 20 extra walkers with alert cards, extra abomination, eagle survivor and zombie, samurai survivor and zombie, troy survivor and zombie, shirt, 6 black die, 6 glow in the dark die and perhaps some other stuff i missed. as i said in an earlier comment, sheer amount of stuff in an abomination makes it worthwhile and worth the extra £15 imo (worth noting some comes with the game and some comes first half of 2013).
@sven: yeah, but i wasn't on board back then, so it wouldn't have made any difference! :p
awesome .. that last painted set sold !  grate on whoever bought it !
jeez. went for a nap abd we've smashed the last goal. well done cmon and gg.
oh yea of course ... i just cut and pasted the from page which hasn't been updated to if we hit this stretch, everyone who pledged abomination ($100) and above will get troy and zombie troy!  ships together with the zombie promo survivors (eta q2 2013). btw .. watched the first episode of dead set .. a lot of fun !
congratulations on the amazing run!  cant wait to get all these awesome goodies in my hands.  the promo survivors are great and really helped to seal the deal.
welcome back scott, could you have been going to bed early for the last month or so. we would have 1m+ $ and 3 survivors more :p
@nick: yes they will be sold from retailers..but it seems shipping costs are high from retailers...so recon getting them here is a bargain
@ john also last troy and zombie troy!
@nick: we guess so, but you will have to order them from battleform directly - which will mean you will pay way more for delivery
@mark, yes, some survivors come later, but additional fattys, runners and walker and abomination and dave come right with the game and don't if you pledge fatty
what about the battlefoam trays? will they be available seperately afterwards?
oh, and woohoo!!!! >700k!!!! (me going to bed did the trick again! :p)
+ of course you can pay extra per optional item
you will be able to get the extra tile pack, and maybe the dice (there's be nothing said specifically about them), but that's all.
update: this is what you get at an abomination ($100) level pledge! base game - 71 miniatures etc 3 promo survivors and their zombie counterparts: 6 miniatures 4 additional fatties - 4 miniatures 6 additional runners - 6 miniatures 20 additional walkers - 20 miniatures 1 additional abomination - 1 miniature 1 eagle / zombie eagle - 2 miniatures 1 cardboard tube samurai / zombie cts - 2 miniatures 6 custom black dice 6 glow in the dark dice 1 t-shirt 1 signed lithograph fatty don't get all the extras ... only the lithograph, 3 promo survivors, and the copy of zombicide.
@jose  yes, i know. i understand that almost all stretch rewards will be ship together with game, only promo miniatures will be later. this game looks amazing and i hope that will be more fun!
@mark: the extra optional minis will probably not come later - cmon have said that some may be available in limited numbers, but they will not be on general release!
extras are not coming with bitten, walker, runner or fatty pledges ... only 5 hours left to upgrade ... don't regret your choice of pledge level
i have lol but the extras ie some of surviors will come later
update #44 shows what more your transition from fatty to abom will get you.  worth the extra $25, worth way more.
btw http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adrian_carton_de_wiart adrian carton de wiart was a real life badass...and maybe should be in this game
@mark, you wont get the extras if you dont go abomination.
it will be good to wait for the promos it will be great to play the extras after playing the base game +
@ robert and mark, the extra $25 no only gets you another promo (dave) and some custom dice, it gets you all the stretch rewards also. its a lot of stuff.
@andrea no problem my pleasure.
"lithographs and promo minis alone ship free!" thanks robert, you helped me very much :)
$25 dollars = just over £ 15 for me not much for what i am getting ;] from fattie to abomination
@jose  you get at an abomination ($100) level pledge 4 additional fatties.
whats up with the fatties not going to abomination?
everything ships free within the continental usa. outside the usa, anything that contains the boxed game costs $25 to ship for the first boxed game and $15 for each additional boxed game.  lithographs and promo minis alone ship free!
ok so if i live in canada and want the abomination level pledge plus the 4 extra characters it would be $100+$40 for figures +25 shipping for a total of $165?
so, no shipment costs to be added for nick, el cholo, dave, eagle, samurai, troy (all free with abomination pledge) for us in europe?
@sven sadly, yes.  just hopping than the team will really mention a very low amount on the parcel.   on the other way, i'm not sure that kind of parcel could be subject to taxes.  it's not a product i buy but a kind of gift received from the producer of the game.  i'll check this with a friend (a lawyer) but maybe can i take issue about any vat taxes.
@david&martin, you have also to remember that you might have to pay customs and taxes on top of that amount.
@martin : 165$ il my limit too and i'll get the extra survivors for those reasons : first, tiles 'll be aviable in the future, survivors probably not (at least at decent cost)  second, the official retail price for tiles will be 30$ so it will probably be possible to find it around 25$.  third, if some friends in my gaming club like the game, we'll probably buy the french version (to play with younger members who don't understand english) so we will have extra tiles anyway.
damm, i take it all back, since i was convinced it was a hamster. :p
thanx sven...really glad someone is willing to talk to a mouse :)
amazon is taking the money off your account as soon as the ks campaign ends and gives it to cmon. this is the whole idea of ks, to give people the funds to realize projects.
would have been nice to get all the survivors :( but just cant afford ivy and claudia.  also ill pick up the extra tiles down the road - maybe with another copy of the game :p
thanx sven. another query. i thought i read somewhere but can't seem to find it. are we billed now or when the item(s) ship?
@nicholas: check the "expected delivery" dates below each pledge.
does anyone know when the game will ship?
@martin, in that case get the tiles, since the survivors won't be out until next year anyway. i am sure you can get them on ebay or bgg once they are out and even if you would have to pay 20$ per figure set then (which i doubt) it would be the same price as buying the extra tiles at msrp.
damn, david you just made me realize something, 165 was my upper limit and possibly over it for now, but i wanted the double tiles with eva and marvin, now i have to choose between more survivors or being able to play all the tiles/multiple games at once...
just convinced another mate to get the game thats 2 ive talked into it lol :d
example for europe to receive all the survivors (and theire zombie version). list of the 10 extra survivors : nick, el cholo, dave, eagle, samurai, troy (all free with abomination pledge) + ivy, claudia, marvin, eva (10$ each) abomination level 100$  + shipping 25$ + ivy, claudia, marvin, eva - 10$ each (40$ for all) total pledge  : 100+25+40 = 165$ with this you'll have all the 10 "extra" survivors and all the advantages of the abomination level.
think it has been covered before, but i hope they allow for larger shirt sizes.
and after the ks you will get a survey to choose which extra's you want, and which size shirt.
so incredible to see this be such a success, and thanks to jerry from p-a for the recommendation or i would never have known about this game! can't wait to sort out some gaming nights to play this now!
yes, got to where you can add your pledge put down the valye of the pledge you want (choose from the right side bar) add postage if not in the us (25$ for one gameset + 15$ for each extra) add the value of the extra's you want (max 3 of each survivor for each gameset you have) add postage for each battlefoam if not in the us (15$) then tick the right pledge you want from the list.
sweet thanks sam, yeah i had already indicated my pledge level but didnt add shipping costs, so i will do that now :d really really looking forward to this game
apologies for typos. using an ipad to post :)
@adam. you should have already indicated your pledge level already if you are posting here. f you ave not done so yet, you need to manage your pledge ad add shipping costs if appropriate to the pledge ammount
so do i add my shipping to my pledge amount? sorry if this has been covered before this is the first time i have done one of these things
thanks andreas. so how much should i pledge? 100 + 25 + n times 15$? how many times?
@andrea and andreas. the $15 shipping s only for additional games. the extra minis ship for free as far as i have seen
promos ship for free!
@andrea, $15 for each extra box
just to know: for abomination + shipment to italy  pledged 125 $. now i'd like to know if for the second box (the q2 2013 one) i have to pledge another 15$... any infos on that?
when i wake up this will all be over.....*wakes up to the zombie apocalypse*
awesome! troy has been unlocked with 6 hours to spare!!
holy cow. that will be a big box coming q1/q2 next year for abomination pledgers. 3 survivors and 6 zombies i think with an extra 1 of each for every side order survivor purchased. any chance we get to see final models of how all of these will look sometime soon?
haha, specifically a zombie video. nice.
@erich http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@joshua: and now i have to look up girlpainting. sounds like mrs doubtfire
@joshua: good stuff then! thanks for that rec. and whoa, in the time i took to eat dinner we got to 700k! yes!
i remember the time when we thought 100k would be hard to reach, and the trend was aiming towards 88k, ahahah. what an amazing month, everybody can get back to their lives now :)
happy days... im going to be doing serious zombie ownage with all these extras. so glad i backed this bad boy.
@john, i would still send dan@defiant an email. odds are the local distributor has them in stock so it would still probably get here quicker than from the us.
yay!!!  700k
looks like we need a new stretch target ^^,
@chandler, 1 mil $ is chuck norris videos him playing vs. guillotine games and winning...
woke up here in norway to sunshine, my cat purring at the foot of the bed, wife already made breakfast and zombicide just passed 700k in pledged. i could not ask for a better start. (well the lottery could have called and said i won some money yesterday but other than that. fantastic)
300k in a 7 hour leap of time? no way @chandler xd
@stefan, yes 190 + 80 is 2 of each
now, the not so fun part....waiting for the actual game to arrive. i'm not normally into board games, my staple is by far tabletop wargaming (warmachine, flames of war and 28mm wwii) but i am fairly excited about this game. i think it will be a very fun diversion from our usual get-togethers. not to mention so very cool models which should be fun to paint up. still, i think everyone has came out in front here: cmon, guillotine games and all of us who have pledged out $$$ to back the project. looking forward to the expansion.
amazing!
guys. if i want 2 copies of every player character how much do i need to pay? 190 for the survivor + 80 for the optional characters? then add shipping and other optional items. but 190 + 80, that should do it, right?
give us a $1.000.000 goal!
@michael .. yeah i saw that site yesterday in my searching, but they are out of stock too !  i'm too impatient to wait.
groovy!
hail to the king baby! it's been one wild ride :d
now maybe i can sleep
@john drinkwater, or you could go local. $270 and free postage! http://www.defiantgaming.com/shop/index.php…
if we can meet up, i owe you something from the ram or scotty's
sweet!
@niranth, sometimes. i can't get the time or the funds to line up some years, but i have pretty good odds of being there. @john, alexandra (girl painter) she really excels at getting good results, without any super difficult techniques. excellent source of information, and i love her accent and sometimes when she messes up her words but laughs it off. a real entertaining teacher.
congratulations. are you sure there is no time for another stretch? :-p
unbelivable...when i started there were a few hundred of pledges...remember joshua wrote on here now there is almost 5k backers thank you all for backing this amazing project thanks you cmon for never stopping those stretches and for listetning to us "whiners" for what we wanted this has been the most exciting ks project ever for me!
next goal stretch? xd
nice!
unbelievable! this has been fun guys, but now i'm off to bed. since this kickstarter will likely be ended by the time i get up, and i'm not sure if the comments section will be closed, i'd like to give a big thanks to cmon and guilotine for organizing this kickstarter and getting all this cool stuff together for us. i hope to see you all in a few months on the expansion kickstarter. in the meantime i hope to see some of you on the zombicide subforum over at the coolminiornot forums. cheers all!
*woke up*
wow, amazing! just role up to 2 more figs
my first kickstarter, and it looks like i picked a winner. :) awesome work, everyone.
amazing 5 hours of work folks: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/
next stretch goal is laying down on the couch and relaxing after extending arms and legs momentarily...  stretch goal now achieved!!...  i can final rest...
and on that note.... i need some sleep before i turn into a zombie myself. be back in six hours for the final count down to see if my predictions were correct!
@joshua ... i really enjoyed girlpainters zombie painting lesson ... she knows her stuff and the end product looked nice too !
ok yall, have a nice night... and i'll blast at yeah in sept!
congrats guys. we made it with 7 hours still on the clock.
@joshua, do you make the trip to indy for gen con?
this was awesome following this kickstarter campaign =d almost sad it's over. but so glad for all the nice things.
wooo! i can sleep happy now!
wwoooooohoooooo 700.000 $ done !!!
i added 1 dollar, and 2 people buy more... figures...
troy happened at 4:40 am edt!!!!
put the final dollar in for 700,000! congrats guys!
booyah !  700k
next level? lol
awesome!!! un-freakin' believable!  what's the next stretch goal?
http://www.thewarstore.com/product43709.html + $55 shipping to australia
done. over $700,000!
oh yeah 700k...grats all and gj!!!!
there it is!
trixy backers!
woot!
alright!!!
hahahahahahahaha $699,999
hahaha nice
ha - currently $699,999
$1 to go as i type this!
quick... everybody add something to their order! (i"m out of $$$.....)
wha?
1 dollar!
wow, money just flowing in. refreshing the page is getting addictive. will probably have hit goal by the time i'm finished tapping this out on my phone!
101 to go
1 game away lol
286 to go!
soooo close to 700k.... and i have to go to work in 5 min....
unbelievable 700k will be reached!!!
eric, look up girlpainter on youtube. she is really good at teaching. she talks through everything, and goes slow, she does tons of techniques and is lighthearted and fun.
@john: could you post a link for the paint set, please?
300$
how many paints would i nead  are sets beter to get
thanks joshua ... im sure i will .. buy the way, any time you are in melbourne we can play with my paint the town set ... what im really looking forward to is trying to duplicate aaron's awesome work on my abom unpainted set. listening too ??   thunderstruck !!
@joshua  seriously.... we should try to get together.  i'm all for meeting more local gamers.
the painting classes i took at gen con recommended reaper ms paints.  but then i found out who sponsored the classes.  important to note, i still like reaper's paint.  it was before i had to stop working, i have most of vgc, several vmc, all vma, all reaper ms and all old style gw. you will want a good natural hair brush or two.
i know i can go sleep, but i cant stop hitting the f5
watching video on how to paint minis,  mostly have played euro games in the past so no experience with them.
@shawn... just checking! hahahaha
i got shufflin on a loop for an hour...
my wife snoring a little...
@joshua    playing zombicide with you?  or was that a trick question?!
of
sound my lap top and a clock kicking
enjoy those john! they will last 3-4 times longer than gwpaint because you get more, the lids don't eat your paint, and the don't dry out! even if the paint was identical, those pluses would be enough.
so whats everybody listening to while waiting on the last 1k?
gratz on 700k   .. awesome work folks !   man i love you cmon / guillotine !
$862 left
less 1k left xd
matthew ... cos there is only one chuck norris !   ;)
interesting. just down the road... speaking of just down the road...hey shawn, what are doing in august/september? ( i see you live about 10 miles from me...)
my "f5"-key is melting!
ooh ... the warstore has a full set of vallejo paints ... i blew my gaming budget big time getting a full set, but i will love playing with them !  @niranth - thank you
sarcasm is lost on the internet
so close... cant sleep until i see 700k...
@john why not!?
its unpossible
joshua .. there is no way we are going to get 340,000 chaz's
yep. this has been a wild ride.
remember last week, when people said there was no way we would get zombie chaz at 340,000?
there is also a new paint company called prism gateways out of wisconsin that has some really nice paints as well.  http://www.prism-gaming.com/ they also do other stuff as well.
go painted! go!
okay, somebody get the paint the town and we got it...
67$ and a paint the town away from 700k
chuck s/b chunck
@allan  a good chuck of msrp is ior the distributor and retailer,  the war store discounts 20% and still makes a profit.
good thing this is may, if it was beginning of april it would really troll people as a april fools joke...
@jose ... are we tailing paint sets or the painted zombicide ?  the vejello paint set listed on cmon is still listed as out of stock .. http://www.coolminiornot.com/shop/vallejo-model-color-hobby-range-suitcase-72-model-color-paints-3-brushes.html
yikes i do hope the rumors about the low production cost will be true.. just upped my pledge to 185 dollars.. will become so expensive if i end up paying and additional 25%...
need to get to 698,500 and then have someone buy the painted set...
there is a guy with an ebay store that sells vallejo by the lot. like if you buy ten bottles in one package, then you pick the colors you want rather than being stuck with a starter set of colors that you only like half of. i'll try to find a link. good prices to and reasonable shipping.
someone buy this last painted set for god's sake =p i want my ash mini
try http://www.thewarstore.com/
yeah, the citadel are actually alcohol based versus being water based, so they dry out quicker...
only 8 hours to go to snatch up that last painted set !!
@john, there is still one available.
whats citadel paints
i want to switch to vallejo, but no good local retailer so wanted to buy from cmon store ... my old citadel pots are all dried out.
sadly paint sets on the cmon store are sold out !!  *sigh*   i don't want to use citadel paints if i can avoid it i will.
2.5 k left
@erich true... i havent had any personal experience with the vallejo's myself, but the major painters in my gaming group fawn over them... but then they also say that the p3 are just as good, just not as good of a selection if i remember correctly...
i want to thank @troy for foreseeing every goal since last one :p sure we'll arrive to that last goal congrats the pals of cmon for that great zombie miniatures
@erich  if you can find small glass beads to add to the bottles as agitators.  and from experience - do not buy the entire range unless you buy (and use) one paint at a time.
erich...yeah, that was me with the vallejo recommendation. god stuff. that game color line is what got me to switch, since it was a familiar palette. and the dropper bottles are the bees knees. never had one dry out yet.
@matthew: i was also considering p3 paints. while watching zombicide numbers tick up, i've been going really deep into a lot of reviews about the different paints. the way the vallejo paints spread seem to be the most compatible with my style, that and they sell a set with a case--important consideration for when i live on the other side of the world!
if only the optional ones  came painted,  nahh still can't justify it.
west coast us crashing out now and pretty much the all of the us is asleep now.  hope to wake up to 700k.  good luck.
@erich have you looked into p3 paints at all?
i was estimating hitting the target at ~4,775 to 4,800 backers.  looks like i was off a mite bit.
"i ain't got time to sleep" i'd be all for jessie ventura in his predator role for the expansion...
also i don't want to wait until november to play this game. ngggh
@joshua: i've been thinking about the paint the town, but someone here introduced me to vallejo game colour paints and i've been reading the reviews and am totally excited to pick up my brush again. i stopped before because i moved out here and then watched my $300 of citadel paint just dry up. vallejo paints seem to last forever with some agitator magic, so... haha. picking up a set of paint is also what is keeping me from bumping up to survivor. oh well, paying enough in shipping anyway.
maybe they gone to slleep josha lol
on the plus side, only 4.5k more and we win!
unless one of you guys had a bank error in your favor and spring for a paint the town...
ouch. only $5200 that hour. breakdown of the last six hours in order..(rounded to nearest hundred) $9000 $9000 $8700 $8300 $7000 $5200 we are in the  middle of the worst hours for pledges over the past five days. it'll pick back up soon, but it slowed my four hour prediction into closer to 4.5 or 5 hours.
5k more and we win
i see!  give a fish vs teach fishing!  good show :)
would cool mininot reduce the last paint the town a bit ;p
teaching her my card counting system of course... hahaha
but then how would you spend time with your eldest?
maybe if i hurry, i can win enough to afford that last paint the town!
and winning some hard cash would do you a world of good, right?
@joshua, i know, right? if i'm not careful, the two ip's will start having mashups in my brain. "zombies of the multiverse." "sentinels of the zombieverse." ...zombie ninjas... are they nombies, are they zinja's? i don't know!
@josuha, it's a super power, you have to use it for good!
@gavin a., i did the same thing. now i'm in for double everything!  i keep redoing the math to make sure i will get all the pieces i want.
@niranth, maybe i should head to the casino or the stock market next...
yep regular d6 in the game, but with survivor level and two sets of white, you have enough for a 6 player game with each a set of their own custom dice!
@joshua, your the man!  looks like it will make landfall really close to your prediction.  ever thought about forecasting weather? sleeping meant dreaming i was averaging numbers, too much like this :p
wow. zombicide comments is such a cool place to be, even the sentinels of the multiverse guys are chatting in here rather than their own comments where they belong... (i'm just messing with you guys, btw, no hard feelings.)
@john the game comes with regular dice.  at abomination level you get black and glowing zombie dice as well.
joshua,  do you know if the game come with zombie dice or regular d6 dice.  the picture looks like regular dice
@jose.  do it! i am the devil on your shoulder.
@ropya, yes, the cards are mtg size, plus, from what i've heard, they will all still fit in the box even when sleeved. (lots of cards though... 10 hero decks of 40 cards, 4 environments of around 15 cards each and 4 villain decks with around 25 cards each in the core game. each expansion adds another 2 hero decks, 2 environments and 4 more villain decks of the same size. hope you're going with cheep sleeves, or you'll end up paying more for those than the actual game. lol!) i jumped on the dice towers just a few hours before you mentioned it too. heh.
@matt, i know. isnt that obvious? lol. i just haven't decided to get them also or not.
dice is a personal preference. i only mentioned it in johns case, because he was at the same order level i as with two of everything, and i debated a while on a second set of white dice....then i knew i would kick myself if i didn't just add for that second set and have a complete double run.
i'm sort of glad we're going to do it without me adding to my pledge.  already at $195 and think my wife's patience is wearing thin!  though she was glad they've done a bruce campbell figure.
i told myself if we get closer to 700k, i would purchase another set...   we're almost there, so i upped my pledge and went from abomination to survivor...
@jose paying extra is the only way to get the white dice.
joshua, yeh, your right.  i'll get them
should i get the white dice? im already at $230 for 2 games + 4 extra survivors.
tick tick, looking forward to this being over so they can get the sets done and sent so they can be painted and played with.
@mark, i forgot about the zpocalypse towers. those are mdf and should work nicely.
as much as i'd love to see them hit a mil, sooner this is over, sooner they can get to production!
ah ok, i was thinking more 'real world'. the last weapon i would want to use would be a chainsaw. run the risk of infecting yourself.
john.... add ten more, for a second set of white dice... otherwise you will have 12 of each color....but only 6 white...
i got a zpoc dice tower ;] i can use it both my zombie games ;]
well i did it.  280 now. 2 games 2 of each survives and white dice.  bitter sweet.
$700k... makes me wonder what will happen if this runs another week. we could possibly hit a million. given that this project required only $20k.... wow... just wow...
@ropya the chainsaw slinging blood and tissue
um.... ok.... last point not meant as it could be twisted to mean.
@darac, yeah, i thought unique dice towers had a good product. im going hard wood paudak and possibly a ply secondary. that way i can have a spare tower for other s to use and keep them away from.my precious hardwood.
come on ashy!
so close to sam axe bruce campbell!
@matthew, ya lost me? when did i ask about the survivors and zombie versions?
i've always prefered ash with a hand/metal hand.  the shop smart bit at the end of aod is incredible.
we are 99% of the way....
@ ropya all of the heros get zombie counterparts....
@ropya. thanks for the heads-up on the unique dice towers kickstarter. i checked it out after you mentioned it in an earlier post here. those look quite good. i just sent them a couple of questions i had, but i think it likely i'll be ordering a couple of hardwood towers from them.
considering becoming a zombie is usually shown as a blood or bodily fluid virus of some kind. wouldn't a flesh and blood slinging chainsaw be a bad idea?
i'm glad he doesn't have his chainsaw hand, because as we learned in "my name is bruce": bruce campbell: you know jeff, i've gotten a lot of use out of chainsaws over the years. killed a lot a zombies, saved a lot of lives, but at the end of the day when push comes to shove... they're just too damn heavy.
my one remaining question regarding sentinels is in regards to sleeving. i sleeve all my card games. ocd about it. are they typical (mtg) sized? not counting the larger villain cards forthcoming.
@matthew: "@disord3r, hes god." fixed that for you.
@ropya, yep, they're going to balance the enhanced edition with the h mechanic. enhanced edition of sentinels of the multiverse, with updates  and improvements which solve 99% of the issues people had with the original game, including: •a larger box with space to store all of the core game plus *both* expansions •counter tokens for keeping track of hp and damage modifiers •villains balanced for the number of heroes in the game using the (h) mechanic (as implemented in the rook city expansion) •unique art for all of the environment cards •thicker cardstock for all of the cards
http://www.youtube.com/watch…
also, at the cmon zombicide forums.... http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
shop smart  s-mart.
thank you for the info! @disord3r, hes the main chara from army of darkness, played by bruce campbell... one of the few that i recognized...
http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/789847/heroes-and-cameos here is a link to the thread.
one question ^^ who is ash/troy?
and find out ;p
boardgamegeek
board game geek
ok, just to show how new to this i am... whats bgg?
@matthew, there's a thread on bgg dedicated to figuring that out.
@anders,  i missed that. gonna have to go back and look. thanks for the heads up.
i'm not sure we'll hit 5000 backers though.  but i'm sure cmon are more than happy with the money!
ok, i have to ask, even thought i know it has either been listed before, or at least most people can identify them themselves... but what stars/characters are the heroes based off of, and what title are they from?
@ropya. they actually state the h mechanic is implemented in the base game, on the front page of the campaign. so no worries :)
juan pablo!
quick, someone shell out more cash then i have and buy the last paint the town....
just shy of $8000 that last hour. slowing a bit, but the averages are still right in the pickle barrel. a little over an hour now until ash/troy is achieved.
i am a massive bruce campbell fan, so knowing we're going to get an ash figure is the best news i could possibly hear.  from august/september to q2 2013 i'll be bruce willis all the way.
i just came back to my house and i'm very surprised we are only 10 k away from 700 k, omg :d
i was going to try and take a nap.... but i was counting pledges and running numbers in my head, and there was no way i as going to sleep through that. i'll sleep easy once the $700,000 is hit...
* pm to the developer (damn smart phone)
@jason, that bit about the h mechanic to balance like in rook city. i've sent a pm to the several of sentinel wondering if the enhanced base game adds that mechanic or scaling in. that will be a go-no go point for me. it seems very good, bit if its not something i could routinely play with only me and one other or myself solo (love gow for this) then i might have to pass. . i've yet to hear back from the dev, if you happen to find out one way or the other if you'd let me know id appreciate it. you can message me on bgg under this name if you don't mind.
i'm so excited that we're on track for ash! bruce campbell vs the army of zombicide!!!!
@cornbread you crazy.
you said it was siesta time an hour ago
after that i'll sleep a bit, and then be back for the final countdown.
we should hit the goal in about 1.5 hours.
@matt yeah. i can get obsessive about stuff....
this game will be so awesome!!!!!!
@joshua are you staying up through that last 9 hours?
@jalister. i am doing most of the math on the fly, but that's sort of hard to put into a sculpt... @ adam, hourly kicktraq charts would be the best thing ever, and save me tons of time when following a game i am tacking! ( though in all honesty, hourly tracking doesn't make sense unless it is blowing up like this one...)
9 hours to go and $12693 to go.  it's doable!
done.  keeping my fingers crossed for the $700,000 stretch goal!!!
@adam: whoa, your projection chart even updated. it is officially my favourite chart. also echoing the other guy and saying i'd love hourly graphs. an hour graph in wasteland let me notice things like how americans don't pledge much during dinner time, ahaha :)
@jason, aug/sept is not that bad. q2 2013 is the hard wait. plus waiting for the expansion to come out so we can use our zombie promos.
@ropya, welcome to the multiverse. :) i have heard that the h mechanic will be included in the enhanced edition (h = # of hero's playing, baron blade deals target hero with highest life total h dmg.)
@ropya, she will see it on amazon, if not for that, i could take care of the situation by picking it up locally here in atlanta from cmon . . . . on second thought, considering the chaos that will likely take them over when all of this comes in, it will be safer getting the game int he mail!  i feel sorry fro the cmon crew trying to get all this stuff shipped out.  the warehouse guys are going to get their butt's kicked.  hope they get overtime!
the only bad thing i can see about this game is that we have to wait until august/september to get our hands on it.  an exercise in patience (in for $140).  except that i want it now!!!!!  wait, i know.  with a nod to snl and my arm and finger raised in the air, "to the time machine-uh!!!!!!".......dudes, the game is awesome.  i'll talk later, i have to go and play another round.........
any hope of getting a chef fatty mini?
@ropya, sentinels decks are prebuilt specifically for each hero. they change things up by having alternate avatar cards to run the decks with. for example, there is a character called legacy, his deck stays the same, but you can chose to play him (he comes with the ability to boost other hero's damage by 1) or play the deck with his daughter (who can attack a single target for a couple points of dmg) its simple enough to draw in non-gamers, but deep enough to keep hard core games interested, plus, the comic book world they've invented promises to be just as rich as anything marvel/dc has to offer.
@jeff, just have it sent to a po box or buddies house and the day before you bring it home, get her something nice she likes. wont work, but its a thought?
@adam, can you change your formula to go by the hour or minute average? instead of daily average? .j also, perhaps get the total average, last 7 days average, and the last 24 hours average and make a formula that finds the medians of those 3? . would that not give you a more accurate predication? or am i just talking out if ny ass?
cool. well, with that piece of input, i'm off to bed. i'll see you all in 7 hours, and hopefully for the final countdown.
upped my pledge to survivor with the extra characters.  my wife will not be happy, but what's new  . . . . . .
do you know if the new enhanced base game fixes the 'only balanced for 4 players ' issue i've read about. my group is usually my chick and i. though were lookong for a good groups in south florida. if anyone know s of any.
aje007 > unfortunately, no. currently i don't calculate partial days, but most campaigns don't end mid-day so i'd never compensated for that in the projection cone. i'll add it to the list!
add another $140.
@jason i think ima have to jump on sentinels. can never have foo many co-op games. even the co-op deck builders i have in route lime eaten by zombie are not true co-op.  seems like sentinels is like gow board game. all player s win or lose together.
calculator? i thought you did the math in your head.
omg!  so close!
the joshua mini... as long as the sculpt has a calculator in hand...
@terrance, zpocalypse comes in october. just enough time after zombicide for me to have it painted. . i forgot about dead linger. i got in on that times 2 as well. one for me, other for me girl. . as far as painting? im way too into that. i've over $10k worth of wh40k models gathered over the years. . just got roborally and gears of war board game, need to paint those up. and i need to get a second copy of battleship galaxies and paint it up for the expansion im developing. . damn, just realized im really into gaming. wouldn't be so bad if i didn't also read to where i have 100s of books, want more tattoos and ride bikes. i need to hit the lotto.
well, i'm headed to bed, check back in the morning, maybe spring for one more hero...not that i need it...but...
@ropya, i've been keeping an eye on grim dawn too. sentinels co-operative play is the best i have ever experienced personally. it plays somewhat like a ccg, but when you buy the base game, you get everything. its very well priced for what you get. curse the darkness i was sold on the moment i learned that it was being designed by a former wod writer. @christopher battles, who is the kickfather? you know, the last thing i did at gencon last year was sit down to demo sentinels (by then, i was out of money). i must have passed their booth about fifty times, curious. now i know how cool the game is, and knowing is... yeah, you know the rest.
@adam does the new fix account for how much time the last day actually has, or does it just consider it a full day?
erich > thanks! yes, the projection chart should be fixed.
@ropya: i am $185 deep, i just don't paint anything or have ever painted mini figures (this game has made me ponder the idea). i also backed a game called dead linger, kinda like a rpg sandbox survival game. looked cool, so far this website has introduced me to 3 projects and here i am like $400 deep in total lol. when do you get your copy of zpocalypse? @jailster: lmao i would buy a joshua character aslong as he was wearing the captain america mask hahaha
although i'm sure it won't appeal to the majority of backers, i recommend everyone check out tammany hall as well.  that ks is to release a game again under a new publisher (due to the ridiculously limited print run) also, it's 1:00 am.  hopefully i can get up in plenty of time for any last minute adjustments i might need.
@ropya, i got in on nekro too. it looked certain they were not going to make it, then all of a sudden it just took off.
since there s sentinels fans here. worth getting for a new to the genre of deckbuildkng player? i love comics, and ascension was fun. . cuz if i dive in, its full bore, base plus both expansions.
@jalister i am a fatty, so that could kill two bird with one stone!
ill tell ya another game im glad i got on in was nekro. that title looks sick.
now i think there should be two final promotions (not stretch goals), chef fatty and joshua.
my predictions are holding up well enough for me to feel safe enough to sneak in a siesta. see you all in 2 hours for the big ding!
@terrance. yup. all 4 extra promos. and an extra copy of the game to boot. im in heavy. that said, that extra copy is shared with another backer. but hey, im in for $200. . backed zpocalypse at about the same. went in on eaten by zombies as well. went in on artisan dice and im currently backing unique dice towers. . so ill have plenty of zombies games, custom and hand crafted dice in a custom dice tower. well towers wince i got a pair from zpocalypse. im so set. thank goodness for overtime.
cardboard tube samurai got me here. ash &  jules got me to put money down. can't wait.
$8400 that hour. almost like clockwork at this point.
@jason i'm a huge fan of sentinels as well. i hope after the success of this and ogre, the kickfather will post a link and start sending those pledges through the roof.
@richard, you'll always have posers, and complainers no matter what. shame no one over there has a sense of humor.
@jason, already debating sentinels, just not sire if that'll fit my game collection or not. any thoughts? . the other one ill check into here shortly.
@ropya: so excited for both games :), glad to see fellow grim dawn backers too! did you get all 4 promo heros in zombicide?
@terrance, backed grim dawn a bit back. 2 copies worth. looks slick.
@mark. correct. $120 gets you all the abomination level stuff, and your pick of $20.00 worth of extra stuff you don't need to decide on until the survey is sent out.
my favorite ace of spies comment: "seriously gentlemen, i(f) you have that much spare time, could i recommend spending it on stuff that could help the project reach its funding goal?" that much spare time? how long does this guy think that took?
@ jeff smith i hear ya man, i'm in the same boat with you! general q: so by entering into the abomination level, i auto get all the exceeding goal extras? and bringing the total to $120 i just need to fill out the survey after kickstarter ends and tell them what promo minis i want?
and there's $680k!
@josh.  still on the ipad.  that is a lot of work.
personally i am excited for the cardboard tube samurai from penny-arcade, which is where i heard about the game from.
i try. gotta do something to stay awake beside hitting the refresh key....
oh, the kicktraq guy is here! @adam, i love the new projection cone graph you have in experimental! it stopped projecting, though, in the last day or so, but the idea of it is brilliant. i hope you continue to develop it!
so, i'm just sitting here clicking the refresh button watching the pledge number get closer and closer to $700k. i actually do have better things to do with my life!
hahaha, good work joshua!
haha
:)
that
fix
can
we
we are also still gaining backers faster then we are gaining comments (or least gaining them both as the same speed). that's impressive considering the number of comments flying around on here. hail to the king baby.
i know adam, i was just being silly!
with how well zombicide is doing, perhaps they could give sentinels of the multiverse: infernal relics & enhanced ed. http://kck.st/hupvnb curse the darkness - a roleplaying game http://kck.st/jr4bbf some love?
joshua > it's the trend. trends are based on the current day's pledge level projected over the project... and because it's the last day the projection will pretty much match the pledge level. it could get right crazy these last 10 hours!
no worries ropya. been tracking well all day. we are averaging $9000/ hour and should hit the goal in the next 2to2.5 hours. my analysis is holding still with us ending up around $740,000. my calculations have marched the last 5 hours almost like clockwork. not  taking into account any last minute procrastinators of course.
hey i think this game is gonna make the 700k and i am supper pumped. idn how many of you guys play computer games but if you are a fan of diablo 2 or titan quest check out grim dawn. really cool stuff. spreading the word about that game here and this game there. lets do this. here is a link to grim dawn http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/crateentertainment/grim-dawn
he'll, at worst, it'll be close enough that all everyone has to do is throw in a couple extra bucks to push it there. if we all threw in $5a now wed hit it immediately
$75 pledge went up one. i should have played (and won) the lottery tonight. i would have thrown $25 to those 106.
after much debate i finally decided to pick up two more promo figs (pulp fiction & kill bill). i can't believe i've dropped $120 on a game without reading rules or reviews! viva la hype.
... and on one side of the ogre board, you have a zombie invasion, making this a 3-way war.
@jose i think it was just one that didn't get the joke. i am very excited by this project and hope some of the enthusiasm for zombicide spills over to the ace of spies guys once we're done here.
@donald, welcome aboard! ok, i've got enough time to go to bed, get up, go to work, and check the progress.  if it's not to $700k, i'll throw down for the white dice, so i have one of each variety (and 2 more than i'll ever need).  won't someone think of my visa card?  oh, the humanity!
this has been the most exciting ks project i have seen yet. 24.2k to go. we can do it!
this has been the most exacting ks project i have seen yet. 24.2k to go. we can do it!
@joshua, yeah those backers seem very butthurt over a little joke. why so much zombie hate? they remind me of those steampunkers from episode 5 of the guild show. all trying to be proper and stuck up.
i wonder what percent backed both ogre and zombicide.   great synergy.
@adam, about the battlefoam. i wouldn't worry about it. once you have em painted up you can either order something similar off ebay or like me, make some at home with foamboard. not 100% the same, but as long as you respect the box, the wont have a problem. . battlefoam is for fragile minis, pro painted minis or heavy traveling minis.
25k k only 11 hours to go.   it's on track to happen.  it's going to take ogre a bit to catch up.
and now it's 25k to go.
i just jumped in......... pretty f'n excited when i get this
26k with half a day to go... hmmm
the ace of spies guys sound like my kind of fellows! some of their stick in the mud backers seem to not enjoy a laugh though (read the comments ipod that update! not quite the level of cts hatred flowing on here the other day, but you can cut the vitriol!)
i don't think kicktraq is dealing well with the half day...
right now on kicktrack.. the current goal, and the trending level say the same thing.... we just broke kicktraq.
hahahaha... did anyone see the ace of spies spoof from zombicide: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1191798117/ace-of-spies/posts
so many nights suffering from insomnia, then when you really do want to stay awake... . have a great night all, off to bed for me.
according to kicktraq we didn't beat yesterday's total, it was close though. now it's on the final day.
ooh. only $8400 in the past hour... it's slipping away!!! hahaha
40 walkers, 16 runners, 8 fatties, 1 abomination.
in the base box, does anyone know how many of each zombie type are in the box?
will do stephen! have you accepted the shotgun as your personal savior against the zombie hordes?
$27505 to go!
@cory, you cana lays have more dice!
@ joshua harris  when you do go door to door spreading the word of zombicide, please save one of your pamphlets for me?
@mark, here is a review from someone who tried. http://www.boardgamegeek.com/thread/799282/taking-matters-into-my-own-handsan-incomplete-sess
@niranth, awesome! i got a second set so i could have a few extra zombies and a t shirt for my sister. i will be selling the rest on the internet as little bundles for those who wanted to buy maybe an extra abomination or so.
@joshua: sure he does, they come with the abom pledge.
@fredrick...but you don't have glow in the dark ones with zombie heads and molotov cocktails on them....
@jose, i got a surprise refund so i splurged for the same.
out of $465, but only counting stuff for myself, i'm getting two boxes (i.e. extra tiles, but the version that costs $90 and comes with figures) and all extra survivors, but doubling up on eva and ivy - likely customs, worst case ebay.  i have $10 more than i need, which may end up being white dice, much as i feel silly paying money for additional six siders - i must have two hundred of those...
they had demos at adepticon... pledges jumped all the way pot $9000 / day after adepitcon, so it must have been sort of good. we were all pretty happy to see it spiking so high! ( for those keeping track, we are now hitting $9000/hour)
while we wait, anyone care to try stating out a ctu (cardboard tube unicorn)?  all i can think of is that it should be able to open doors without needing tools.
i purchased the extra female characters so my sisters could have more female characters to choose from. @mark, i am buying 2 abominations and 1 of every extra survivor (4 total). just in case you were concerned about the people talking the most and their contributions.
wow when i went out last night about 18 hours ago we had just gone over $550,000 and got ahead of ogre. this is nuts! think i'm going to add an extra $30 to my pledge to get the other 3 limited characters and their zombie versions. hard to say no really.
@mark: they did a promo video of it that's on the front now. not a full demo, but it shows a basic overview of what gameplay will feel like.
interesting, thanks jalister! has anyone actually demoed this game or seen full rules?
not sure the wallet will tolerate much more . have lashed out for all promo characters and extra map set already.
@joshua, 3.22 hours until i can fall asleep then.
oh heather... you need all four. there aren't enough girl heroes in the game without them....girl power!
last promo should be the fatty chef for $10, so we don't have to worry about reaching a stretch goal with so little time left.  @mark, i purchased extra tiles due to the 95k and 160k rewards. plus then you don't have to choose which side of a tile you want to use.
i'm getting two extras marvin and ivy
@joshua, i _am_ having trouble reading my scribbles...,
$2700 an hour and we'll be hailing the king, baby!
i'm buying one of each of the optional characters. it does seem a lot of people are. @joshua. i hope your calculations are correct. it would mean i'd only have to stay up till 1:30 in the morning to see us reach $700k.
700000 is in the bag.
the math has been holding really steady actually. we are hitting $9000 an hour almost like clockwork for the past 4 hours.
yeah haha, i'd be a little surprised if the folks posting actively here weren't getting all four heroes. what about the extra 9 tile map pack? a bigger game board is interesting, but does the game going bigger = better?
@joshua, the rate of new backers seems to be increasing.  no accounting for procrastination, but i'm guessing we'll hit a bit sooner than that.  (if the last 20 minutes are a representation, then ~2.5 hours)
i don't have much experience with miniatures, ie: none, so if i plan on painting them is not having some kind of case (like the foam ones we can buy here) going to be a problem? $55 is pretty steep (shipping to canada) for what amounts to a box to put them in
two of everything my good man. it's the only sane decision....
@mark, im getting all 4
its nice having a woman in my life that's as heavy into gaming as i am. in fact, she insisted i het claudia, not that i wouldn't have. but still. . it makes for enjoyable nights. either at the table or at the xbox.
i'm getting all 4 of the extra characters.  too hard to pass up the additional awesome miniatures.  i kinda wish you could throw another $10 in and buy additional copies of the promo figures.  i think i'd like to have an additional cts and/or eagle chaz.
@mark, i am getting all of them, so are most people on the comments.
well, i get each extra heroes ;)
its like at minimum we need 2728$ per hour
cool. thanks for all the answers everyone! how many ppl are getting the extra heroes? and which? (marvin, claudia, ivy, eva)
well, actially its almost 12h left
a little over $ 30k in 11 hours...........
there is almost no way we don't hit it at this point. so far, my math predictions from 12 hours ago are still tracking correctly. i put us at hitting $740,000 give or take, with the $700,000 goal hitting in about 4 hours.
@mark, and stat cards will have a blank grid on the reverse for making your own epic survivors.
mark alden - yeah, somewhere about 40 pages back it was said they would.
@mark: yep, they do
@mark yep they come with their respective card!
@robert, there will be 4000+ sad people if this doesn't hit 700k.
@paul, check the delivery times beneath each pledge level. (paint the town obviously will thake longer)
oh yeah.. and for my billionth question: do all these bonus characters come with stat cards?
august/september
@fungamescafe.com just pledged, this game looks amazing! i couldn't find anywhere on the main page when this game is expected to ship, does anyone have an eta?
looks like there's a good shot that it'll hit 700k.  amazing :)
it is really generous of cmon to include nine (soon to be ten) zombie versions of the promotional/optional survivors!
we are close to passing yesterday's total.
the zombie variants are to be shipped when the expansion ships. that's my understanding. and i believe it was guessed earlier it might have to do with a mechanic in the expansion. only time will tell
i wondered the same thing about the zombie versions.
@mark, the zombie survivos will be a game mechanic in the expansion. the expension will then have the zombie versions of the 6 survivors in the base game
why are there zombie versions of some heroes? is this a gameplay mechanic, or do they just sub in as normal walkers? do the original 6 heroes come with undead forms?  thanks! this game is looking great!
isn't this the about time that we should be speculating on the next stretch goal?  [evil grin]
@joshua, it's sunday 6am in central europe. i doubt it's us. i recon this is asian/australian sunday afternoon pledges.
well they better hurry and get this to 700k. i don't think i can sleep until it's reached.
good morning, joshua, hahaha...
$9000 again that hour. it is picking up. it seems the europeans are waking up...
the eagle will just flex and make all the paint pop off if it's not good enough. the roundhouse kick your brush so hard all the other paint will fall off of every mini you have ever painted.
i can't believe it, at this rate, $700k is within reach.
i've never painted minis but if i decide to do it i wil prob start on the zombies then work through my shaddows over camelot characters before i'm brave enough to touch the brush to the eagle.
@joshua, haha thanks.  he may not understand my board game addiction, but he loved me enough to put "board games" in our wedding vows (not joking).  and he loves zombies, his birthday gift for this year is that i bought him entry in the zombie run for your life 3mile race.  the only board game he brought into our relationship was army of darkness...so i'm sure he will see this as an awesome upgrade.
hope troy does get achieved! boomstick!
ahh just upped my pledge for claudia and ivy.  can't wait to play and paint!
could we be in time for 700 000$?
@joshua, lucky man.  mine suggested buying miniatures to paint as physical therapy, bless her!
my wife enjoys my gaming hobby much more when she doesn't know how much is spent on them, so she doesn't bother asking. i like that about her.
heather... a woman buying zombie games should never have to worry about a man not liking that about her. lucky bloke,
@heather. go for it! i did the plunge and i am happy! :)
a little over $5000 this hour...
@ everyone, (this is something that i wrote to cmon and they responded back saying they will take it into consideration, take a look) dear coolminiornot, i will love to see these 3 survivors available at the time of the expansion for zombicide. -russian female- with ushanka hat, sickle, and ak 47 -female- with daisy dukes, cowboy hat, and revolvers (she went to quick draw shooting competitions before the outbreak) -male soldier- with a gas mask, body armor, and a submachine gun (preferably a mp5) (he was accidentally left behind by his military unit when the outbreak got out of hand and they needed to evacuate) i love what you have done and hope to see the best from your team of talented artist! i am also hoping to see what types of zombies you will be releasing also. my suggestion for zombies would be zombie dogs, another zombie as big as the abomination, crawlers, climbers, and the explosive gassy zombies. have a nice day and i thank the team again for this great game. -jose vera
@jose i mean...i'm getting the shirt in his size...and he does like zombies...maybe just one more extra figure...
@joshua, yes to both and nerve damage to boot!
@joshua, on a serious note, is the pace picking up or am i just wanting it to too much?
or tell her you were entering your pledge using an ipad, then show her my posts for proof of how messy it can get if you try to type too fast. (this only works if you have an ipad....and large thumbs probably)
go to manage your pledge...show here you are dropping it to 150.... then distract her, and add in an extra zero for the last paint the town slot! she can't ged mad at you....she watched you enter 150, there must be some clerical mistake...to bad you are held accountable.... darn the luck.
tell you you plan to sell all the extra sfor a tidy profit? it's an investment in your future!
so quick, give me another while she is looking the other way!
@richard and @joshua, she was reading over my shoulder.  :p
come on $40,000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@stephen, atta boy! no harm done.
@mark every promo survivor has a zombie counterpart. i assume the expansion will explain playability. they are as limited as the regular promo figures.
i will never tell my parents i spent this much on a board game. i have a separate bank account for such covert operations. they will never understand my needs. for i hunger for brai... games.
@ stephen....i'm about to go door to door... "excuse me...could i have a moment of your time to talk with ou about zombicide?"
@ joshua harris  as long as the hookers are signed up at at least abomination level, where's the harm?
we blew through all of their planned stretch goals, so the added unplanned promos too.
just tell her....well, i could have spent that money on hookers and blow....
@richard. hilarious! @heather, absolutely! he should not get angry at all once he sees that the board game....i mean zombie apocalypse strategic planing coordinator is as essential as food during such an event.
what kind of additions?
@mark, unplanned additions that will not be ready in time to ship with the game.
@sven. k thanks! but what then are the: zombie promo survivors (q2 2013)?
@richard, lol, i guess it is worth a try.
@niranth:  "honey, great news, they raised so much money that they decided to give away all these extra things for free.  no, no you can't go to the webpage.  they . . . took it down."
@sven, hey!
@richard, too late!  my wife has been enjoying my reaction to each new stretch, she'd know something was up.  :)
@heather, with the exception of the walking dead, how many couples/families have you seen survive a zombie apocalypse together? pre-program your instincts now, if it happens, grab the box and run!
@mark, it is generally understood that they are limited editions. so they will be available at some conventions etc if there are more than needed for the ks campaign, hoever, when they are gone they are gone.
excited to have just backed this game! quick question... will the extra heroes (marvin, ivy, claudia, eva) be available for purchase in the future? or only as special offer on this pre-release kickstarter? thanks!
better yet, just don't show your husbands/wives the bill.  nothing bad could possibly happen from doing that.
@ jose @jalister, well if it's practical....then my husband can't be upset when he sees the bill...right?
so how many game boards will be made in total of zombicide? i know for a fact more than 5,000 will be made. but how many is cmon planing to make in total?
i've said it before - damn. this is fun!
i can tell you one lesson it won't teach. don't roller skate with a chainsaw.
go for it eric! make us proud!
@jalister, genius! not only does zombicide function as a form of entertainment but it doubles as a tool to coordinate strategic plans during the zombie apocalypse!!!!!!!!! :d more of a reason to up your pledge and tell your friends so we can hit that hefty $700k goal!
someone buy that last painted set, so i don't.
@jason, well in that case you should go ahead and buy the last painted set.  i mean what good will money be after the apocalypse anyhow? ;-)
@jason, if the zombiepocalypse does happen this year i will definitely want this game, all the extras and the expansion when it comes out. without electricity all my computer games will be worthless, which includes wasteland 2, shadowrun returns and grim dawn. zombicide will be the only game i could play. or worst case, i could at least use it to plan supply run missions with fellow survivors.
@niranth, thanks! ^.^
we did just over $9,000 in the last hour.
@niranth. yep. my first glance at the math said about 8 hours, (8:30 edt, your estimate isu 9.5 hours away when i type this) it's nice when to people using different methods hit close to the same results...makes confidence levels increase.
@jose, great link!
this whole thing is genius by cmon.  since the promo figs don't arrive until the 2013 expansion, and the zombiepocalypse will probably happen this year, they don't ever have to pay up!
@joshua, if the rates per backer and number of backers per hour remain constant, it looks like we'll hit the goal sometime around 8:30 am edt
i've been on the fence on this one for a while, but the 'troy' mini has sold it for me
and sorry to all for the sloppy spelling and grammar. ipad and fast typing don't work with my mega thumbs sometime, and i get in too much of a hurry to correct things before i hit the post button sometimes.
i've been trying to decide whether i really wanted to drop $160 on this. luckily it turns out i'm selling a couple of things tomorrow so i can (even though i shouldn't). pledged now in case i oversleep tomorrow, which i don't see how i could since i'm refreshing the page every 5 to 15 minutes to see how close to 700k we are. i also got a friend in at $250 today.
my gut, and the best math i can muster (not counting sudden surges or other unpredictable things) tells me we should end up right around $740,000. that's assuming we get a bit of slowdown over the next 5-6 hours, then a big surge in the  morning. (well, morning here in the states anyway) which will follow the rough patterns of the last few days.
@joshua, thanks bro!
it was the cooperative nature of the game that first appealed to me, so i'm thinking cooperate on surviving192 zombies!
jose,    love it!
@joshua i have appreciated your analysis, thanks again!
http://memegenerator.net/instance/20036086
@joe, @...don't i know it! it's a mathematical nightmare to keep analysis running the last couple of days, but seem people seem to be enjoying my running updates, so i am doing the bet i can. guessing what might happen is out of my real so i mostly go off of what i can actually calculate, then throw in a little bt of gut instinct from watching this expand.
about troy.....http://memegenerator.net/instance/20036086 .
@tom they say sept 2012 but have hinted it might ship in august depending on how fast things get printed.
@tom september is the official time, but they expect to be shipping in august.
this project is like a juggernaut. we may hit the goal before tomorrow morning.
@joshua there is always the spike at the end as well, which should be around noon on the east coast, for europeans they get almost an entire day.
a lot of people will make their final selection in the next 12hrs.  i always start at a $1 and make the change on the last day or so.  i am sure others will too.
what is the eta of the game shipment...september of 2012?
i am going to run two separate bords side by side and make it a head to head tournament bracket!
i'm not trying to convince you to change your pledge teik, but i do want to point out that there's no real reason that people can't play two of the same character in the same game.  if you paint figs, then you just paint one differently.  if you don't, you could paint the base.  and if you don't want to mark up the figures at all, you could tape one to a coin to indicate which one belongs to which player.  i'm toying with 3 samuel ls from 3 different movies (nick fury, and . . . snakes on a plane guy?)
since the $700 goal was announced, we have done about 65,000...that was just over 9 hours ago. overnight slowdown is a concern, but modeling a little bit of the slowdown pattern of last night, iam going to make  a rash estimate, and say we hit this in about 8 hours.
we just jumped over 1.5k in 3 minutes....
we have been holding pretty close to the $100/minute average though if i had to make a fast guess. and right now we need to hit about $63 a minute to hit the goal.
@niranth... left for a bit to grab dinner. i'm running more numbers now, but from a fast look, i'm guessing we are still in the pickle barrel.
sweet.
50k to go...
remember when we thought we wouldn't get to 340k? good times, good times...
haha... i love the irony. we have a resident troll named troy who never believed in stretch goals and probably in christmas... and bam! throw the last stretch goal as free promo and with his name is troy.
i am with brad in wanting 1 of each as could have 6 players with 2 characters each (assuming we get troy) than duplicates which i can't use in a single game. but am also wondering if i should cancel my pledge altogether since is any game, never mind a zombie game, worth so much (custom duty and charges will add over 20% too). ah well, will sleep on it, 14h to decide...
completely unrelated to anything, but i wish ks had a way to show support sent in via paypal ... i'm always moving money through it and prefer to use it to credit cards whenever possible.  i've backed 4 projects and only show as supporting 1! :/
wow!  i take a break and come back to $646k, very nice!!  @joshua "cornbread" harris, what does your crystal ball say now?
yes, sorry, richard had it right - personally though, i'd rather have 1x of all of them than 2x of 'most' ...
@todd: no, you're right.  instead of getting marvin, eva, ivy, and claudia you would get 2x nick cholo, geek, chaz, tp sam, and (hopefully) troy
@ brad: i would not get 4 of the 10 extra survivor minis, the other six were outright stretch goals added without requiring extra monetary commitment.  unless i missed something.
and yes, the people who bought in at the fatty level are honestly ripping themselves off.  it's about $50 worth of swag for $25 more!
@todd:  be aware that upping by $50 to go to survivor means you won't get the extra survivor minis.  those are additional no matter what level you buy at. i didn't buy into the foam or either optional dice sets yet, myself, but if we get close ... eh, hell, why not ...
i am still torn: i am at $140 for abomination plus the four extra survivor minis (eight minis as they will come with their zombie counterparts).  i am very tempted to add $50 and settle out at the survivor level.  if we make the last stretch i would have two full game setups with twelve characters each.  is there really benefit in having sixteen characters in one set when two games will give me more options in terms of combining tiles.  i like the four pay to add characters but i am not overly infatuated with any of them to the point i would feel shortchanged without them (unlike chaz and troy).  what to do, what to do?
if the 100+ people would bump there fatty pledge level to the abomination level, that would rais and addional $2,500 (and get them a whole ton more goodness, too).
i agree.  i'm sure many would gladly pay $10 for a promo figure.  good way to bring your own game costs down.
selling the extras is a great idea.  i encourage anyone that lives in an area where they can feasibly do so to bump up their donation to the survivor level. the best place to do so will be at shops as a favor to anyone buying the game that missed out on the ks :-d
we've done about $10k  from t -16 hours to t -14 hours. if that pace stays constant, we'll break $700k. . bedtime for this ash-hole. i'll check on the state of the affairs in the morning, and possibly up my pledge to 2x abomination. . good. bad. he's the one with the gun.
there's a tribute from ace of spies latest ks update
@ richard. if you get the survivor pledge you get double everything for just $70 more and can always sell you duplicate heroes. even at just $10 each you will at least get $30 for the prom duplicates meaning the extra set only cost you $40. and that does not count the duplicat base heroes or chuck or samurai.  so you could end up getting the set free depending on what you wanted to sell.
damn i forgot about free comic day
4k coments to read richard ;p
well, i have had a busy cinco de mayo. i snagged some comics for free comic book day and saw the avengers. i had hoped to see $650k before i retired for the night, but i don't think it will happen soon. in the meantime, i shall wait for an awesome update via "cornbread" joshua...
so which dice actually come with the retail game for $89.
@ian: thumbs up. doesn't seem like much, but if it's something that interests you, it's a pretty great deal and gets everyone closer to more toys. :)
okay, finally caved in and got abomination plus the 4 promo figs. every little helps, right?
@richard, i think the second abom set is a better idea. i went doubles and i am glad about my decision. just for another $70 you get twice the miniatures, promos, t shirt, dice, etc.
:-d  although it is a good deal for a professionally painted set this size, i unfortunately don't have that kind of money available.  i already had to decide to go with the extra tile set instead of the second abom.
@joshua. sweet! you are already several steps ahead of me xd
welcome richard .. there is a full painted set up for grabs !  *hint hint*
mark me down as someone fashionably late to the party.  i'd love to get my hands on a bruce mini to really top off the set, but i know that i'll just end up buying it again later anyway.
yes edward, up your pledge to the total cost (+postage if not specified for free postage) and choose by survey after the ks closes
we are almost there joshua !!!
@edward: correct.
how do i add the extra tiles? do i just pick the 100 level but pay 120 and they will ask me latter?
@jose, great minds think alike. i have a makerbot  in my shop just waiting for sow,thing like this to churn out bits for....
i wish! as it is she only knows about $100worth of pledge so far...i haven't clued her in on the updates since that first day...
if i buy a 3d printer i would want to print out some cars and buildings to match the game. so many possibilities. :)
btw joshua - get your wife to buy that last painted set for you !
omg !  yes a metal uni-pony with a cardboard tube horn and chainsaw saddle !
like a metal uni-pony? with a cardboard tube horn and a chainsaw saddle?
by the way cmon ... are you going to produce limited edition metal zombicide minis to be sold on the cmon store !?   i certainly would be in there buying and painting !
ive been pimping zombicide on the zombie themed facebook pages for a couple of days - hopefully that will have brought a bit of traffic here
fatties are there because they will have an imposed price limit ... 105x$25 is not going to make it.  its the new backers still coming in that will make it for us.  its the potential backers who have been holding back that will make it for us ... and someone buying that last painted set !
i kinda really want ash, come one guys lets get this done. you fatties should think about spending the extra 25 for abomination.
or you can upvote the posts that are already on reddit
someone post this on reddit? zombie or board games sub reddits?
i wish i could give more money to this!  i've been telling everyone about it so that's gotta count for something!  i'm so broke this week now...
getting abomination + all the extras. i'm really pumped to play this and so are my friends. they're not even huge zombie fans like me, but hte mechanics look really great. i was working on a zombie game with a lot of the same qualities (random every game, different "classes" that get better as you kill them, and a growing spawn rate) and this game fits the bill. great job guys, great minds think alike!
i am so excited for this game!  my entire gaming group is hyped to play!
cinco de mayo people will be drinking tonight and less likely to be sitting on kickstarter hunting for boardgames :( i hope i'm wrong!
james, welcome to the "i better hide the credit card before the wife sees it" pledge level!
ok well i'm trying to lend a hand so i upped from abomination to survivor, doubled up on my optional survivors, and picked up a few other goodies. not exactly a painted set but i figured every bit helps.
i have been here since day one, and don't recall seeing any international shipping requirements other than for base game, and foam trays. i think you are fine for your extra tiles.
@ foolhardy . i have pledged exactly by the same assumptions and math. the foam trays *specifically* indicate international shipping rates, and in the faq, they state that promo mini's ship free. . the tiles have no indication one way or another, but my logic leads me to believe if they didnt say it will cost more for international shipping, than it doesnt.
sorry "projection cone" typing on the ipad one handed is bad....
haha, got yourself a projection cone eh?
@foolhardy: nope, that's right. only extra you need to pay extra shipping on is the foam.
so here is my "protection cone" based on hourly pledge rates today: low end $685,000 average $712,000 high end $738,000
sorry miss spoke there, at our slowest hourly rate for today so at, we will be about $685,000. at our peak hourly rate for today, we are landing about $738,000.
so just to make sure i'm not a sad panda in a few months, if im buying (for canada), - abomination level: $100 + $25 for international = $125 - extra tiles: $20 - martin: $10 i owe $155 for the whole shebang? or do i need to include extra shipping for the tiles and extra caharacter? i know the tiles said free shipping, but i am unsure if that includes international.
alright, added foam trays and shipping to my pledge for a total of $250.
since the goal was announced, we have averaged about $4400/hour overall. my math is showing us hitting $738,000 our so at our average pledge per hour for today....but it really slowed down the last hour it seems.
@ vegar . gimme some sugar, baby. :) . i hope that the term ash-holes takes off - just remember who started it. ;)
give me the ashey! boomsticking time!
good night!
i beg for it during my beauty sleep now ;-) it is 02:10 am here in germany ;-p
@thomas thats good news, thanks!
@ markus . well, we got $4k in the last 20 minutes or so... $12k an hour? if that pace keeps up, ash will be stompin some deadite ass. . :)
@foolhardy i asked cmon that question myself. they said they do come with the id cards.
ah what the hell..i`ll add another 40$ yet again..not sure what for since i cant get any more....but i am also one of the original ash-holes so i must pledge more
come on onlookers!  we all want our ash inspired mini!  you can't have a zombie game without it!
we currently need right about 4k/hr to get there. im hoping we can do that...
16 hours to go for 65k ;-(
hey joshua, were you aware there's still one paint the town left? you should buy it for your girls.
oh, and by adding $35 that put me at $285. :)
joshua, by the way there is still one paint the town left and it is screaming your name ;-p
do the characters come with character sheets? is the extra $10 pledge just for the miniature?
joshua!!!!!!!
juan pablo!
bumped up my pledge to $230. i go no further my brethren for i need to purchase other things today! i was thinking of an extra $10 for the white dice. but that's pushing it. but again... that's what i told myself at $100 hahahaha
every other stretch was 100k (incrementally). why 150k for the last? seems a little ambituous. 125k i would have not said anything. that's a 50% jump - how is it any different than the last n tiers of 100k -> new character/zombie set?
thanks guys, just dont want to miss out on this great kickstarter
still one painted set left .... joshua ?  ... anyone ??
@ foolhardy . add the shipping to your pledge. so a canadian abomination would be $125; and canadian battlefoam trays would be $55. . having ordered from battlefoam in the past, that $15 shipping is a bargain.
joshua !!!!
pledge 125, mark abomination level.
alright you primitive screwheads, listen up! . as of 7:44pm est i have upped my pledge another $35 - of course i will need 36 custom dice. . i am *very* tempted to drop the dice, though, and simply go for 2x abomination ($90, +$15 shipping to canada) and tossing in extra eva... ($10). . i will agonize over this decision tonight and see where we are in the morning :)
just confused about one thing... if i'm pledging for this game, and i live in canada, how does the money total work out? if i pledge $100, do they take $25 off that and drop me below the abomination level? do i need to pledge $125 to still get the $100+ rewards? or do i pledge $100 and then they charge me the shipping later?
@ashton, hope so. i resemble the fatties mor ethan the runners...
at phillip: they're shipping when the expansion comes out, but they won't be available to expansion players for the second kickstarter. you have to pledge to this kickstarter to get them.
@phillip  i think the promo/stretch figures are not in the expansion.  there just isn't any way to have all the figs ready to go in a timely manner, so they set the expansion as a reasonable shipment date. still don't know whether the extra figures are exclusive to kickstarter or not.
will they be able to provide 3xl/4xl tshirts?
@paul: the kicktraq trend is a trend based on the overall project from beginning to end.  because of the way it is calculated, it cannot be used to accurately project final results during a huge surge like the one we have seen in the last 72 hours (we have raised over 300k in the last 72 hours!).
so let me get this straight, are all the promos/stretch goal survivors coming out in the expansion? if so, why i am buying each one for $10 now, then waiting until q2 2013 when the expansion is coming for them to ship? i though they were exclusive to the kickstarter drive.
@david: only if you want to design bigger scenarios for 6p. all scenarios in the base game supports up to 6 players and uses only one tile set. but if you would like to design your own scenarios (and/or maybe use some designed by other players), i think that the duplicate tiles is a good thing to get :)
alright... now that my busy day has slowed down, i can assess my pledge... being one of the vocal ash-backers (ash-holes?) it is my duty to to reach a bit deeper into my pocket, and find some more capital. . will post again after managing my pledge. :)
kicktraq.com indicates the final tally is trending towards $650.7 k. looks like we won't be getting "ash" at the current rate.
how important would duplicate tiles be for a six person game?
cover lithograph signed by edouard guiton
@david, yeah, i knew it gets pricey. i was just pointing it out because i'd hate for someone to want them after the fact and didn't know they were there. welcome to the horde!
i'm amazed at the number of backers...  in the whole world there will be less than 5,000 copies of this game from kickstarter.  that sounds pretty elite. will the lithographs be numbered?  are there plans for the kickstarter promo figs to be available elsewhere (other than e-bay)?
@joshua ok thank you. yes i saw the addons but have to give up... i'm afraid i have to pay customs taxes too so....
@jose...all the cool kids are doing it...hahaha
we need $70k more. ill be buying another abomination if we get closer to give it that extra bump!
@david, that should work if you need international shipping, did you look at the other optional addons? like dice or extra survivors?
man, that zombie troy sure would be fun to paint!
roger... maybe you have an extra charge on the shipping because of the extra tiles... check wih the cmon guys... they are very fast on responses...
i have just pledge for 125$ = 100$ for abomination + 25$ for shipping. hope i didn't get this wrong....
put* not out (in the 1st line) lol
@joshua, when i out $100 i asked myself: "are you seriously paying that much for a board game?" but then i told myself "it has zombies, nuff said". then with the optional survivors i remembered back to my pokemon days trying to get all 150 pokemon. i just had to get them. i never tough that it would come to be thinking of getting a 2nd set. all my friends except for one told me that i was off my rocker. i must be if i have been talking to myself, right? xd lol
@jose....i've been sitting at $290.00 for a while.... it's like going in the ocean one cold day. it's hurts at first, but the longer you sit there, you get kind of numb about what a stupid thing you just did...
70k  short with 17 1/2 hours to go. we will break this strech goal!
@jose, do it!
@scott, we mark the cookies as a gift to avoid taxes, and #42's grandma is most assuredly a "person" and not a corporation spreading mind control drugs through cookies.
is it me or does claudia look like the one whore of the sin city movie? just to say stg...
so should i really go $240? *lol i feel like im the hero helping achieve the $700k by pulling extra cash out of his ass*
who else has called,, e-mailed and txt msg all their friends and family to back this project. i am so excited.
@joshua ah yes. well spotted. i meant abomination level indeed. and thank you @andreas.
dig deep people !!! i need me a bruce campbell miniature.
hmm... the last stretch goal was hit whilst i was asleep, so, you know what guys, i'm gonna see if i can't work that same magic again! :p
back to maths if anyone is interested.... it's been a little over three and a half hours since we hit $600,000.00, and we have gained $27k which tracks us to hit our goal in about 8 hours if it doesn't slow down. my prediction of being about $20k short this morning has evaporated as the pledge number sped up again!
d'u pay import duty, and/or tax, and/or a handling fee on the cookies?
the courier ride a magic pony with a distinctive horn...
@andreas ja ikke sant..jeg kjører bare abomination med alt extra til egentlig...ser ingen grunn til å gå suvivor vi får masse for pengene uansett så dette blir bra
courier. it's the only way. survivor pledge number 42's grandma baked them!
cookies, how does that work, do you teleport them to each other or use courier?
@vegar, det er uansett billigere enn hva det blir på outland, 89 dollar blir jo til 899,- hos dem. jeg får spillet og alle de promo greiene og strech-goals for ca 1000-lappen. smal sak å betale tollgebyr da :)
do it jose! the survivor pledge level is a fun place to be! we have cookies up here!
im seriously thinking of getting 2 abominations now + the 4 extra survivors. and selling parts of the 2nd set to my friends.
icematt: be careful about that - what it *usually* means is that ups will have its agents pass it through customs, so instead of straight vat, it's vat+the ups handling fee, which was just short of $20 usd last time i checked.  and quite often, you get billed for it months later, which can come as a nast surprise.
@andreas ja oho det burde vært minst 1000 kr...jeg har pledget 300$ så det bør ikke bli det som står på pakken da bør de heller gifte den ...men de snakket om salgs pris eller produksjonskostnads pris...håper på den siste men uansett så blir spillet konge og jeg betaler samme faan hva de vil ha :)
roger...you said fatty level, but your math starts at 100 which is abomination level...
@roger correct!
just so i got this right. if i want the fatty level + eva + marvin and a duplicate tile pack shipped abroad it would come to $ 100 + $10 + $ 10 + $ 20 + $ 25 = $ 165 right?
@icemat: i'm in over the £135 mark
@vegar, om det skrives på under 35 dollar slipper vi toll i det hele tatt, om de skriver på 90 dollar blir det omkring 200,- i omkostninger å fortolle spillet totaltsett som du sier, derimot om de skriver på 230 dollar som er det jeg har pledget så blir det omkring 400,- i omkostninger. du er vel som meg enig i at tollvesenet er noen slasker som burde ha satt grensen til 2000,- istedenfor for mange år siden?
link to uk customs charges i found: http://customs.hmrc.gov.uk/channelsportalwebapp/channelsportalwebapp.portal… by the looks of it, one abomination imported would only trigger a vat cost. however the wording suggests to me that if a company such as ups was used to transport instead of royal mail then no additional costs would be added.
200 nok to get it thru customs that is
@andreas cmon has implied that they will set the price as low as they can to hinder customs a bit but for us in norway a retail price will only cost about 200 nok alltoghether but i do agree that we are pledging...not buying....hence it should be a gift
@ scott aaaa corporations are people - i get it..... love the colbert report "reports" about this.
@andreas: write on the manufacturing cost, that is
@andreas: i believe that is exactly what cmon have said (or may be just implied) that they will do
that silly us corporation law also applies in canada.
maelstrom games did for a long time write £10 value on all their shipments. this eventually stopped but they have not had legal actions from any government or customs agency in any country as i can recall.
@marcel: actually if cmon is a us corporation they are a legal person! though probably not for the purposes of import duty (as it will be the local import duty definition that applies, not the silly us corporation law definition)
i think for canada anything over $25 gets customs fees excepting gifts which are exempt up to $60. but this is at the discretion of the customs agents too. i've never had to pay customs or duty fees from something i've bought oversea and i've bought stuff for several hundred dollars from the us, and probably around $150 from the uk. that being said i've heard other countries are far stricter...
@scott, more of a reason to label the item with the production costs to keep the backers import duties as low as possible.
@andreas: you may have no problem with that but it's probably not you that your customs agency will have a problem with for fraudulently labelling the items.
i think we'll get charged import duty and vat, matt (and probably a royal mail handling fee)
not sure how customs works in other countries, but in australia, customs will also be levied on gifts. as long as goods come from overseas, taxes are levied. our only saving grace is the threshold to attract notice of customs is pretty high. i believe someone mentioned earlier that cmon will use as close as possible to the production value in their customs declaration to get round or minimize the customs issue. which makes sense since as backers, we are not purchasing a game,, but getting product samples.
@andreas i feel your pain :p
@matt and andreas the fact that a pledge isnt a clear purchase, doesnt change the fact, that the value of the stuff you get itself is too high for most custom declarations... and that cmon isnt exactly a legal person...
as a person living in the country in the world with the strictest customs laws i have no problem with recieving items with wrong values or gifts from private person that was originally paid to a company. the $35 limit on non declarable items is over 35 years old and should have been about 10 times higher here due to inflation, but as our government and customs agancy wants us filthy rich norwegians to spend all our money in our own country they cranc up the vat and keep the silly limit on items imported.
in the uk, hm revenue and customs rules state that a 'gift' must be from one private person (i.e. not a company) to another private person.
thanks! i'll be upping my order.
you'll get sent a survey where you fill in the shirt size, shipping address and any extras you want after time runs out.
yeah you will pick your size in the survey after the kickstarter
the pledge rewards aren't a clear purchase. we are pledging to find the game, it just so happens we get stuff for that. they're ok for customs.
and the word giving and gift is very closely related :)
can anyone tell me if we will get to pick a size on the t-shirt? if i get to pick the size, i'll probably order a 2nd game.
yes, we are, andreas.
are we not essensially funding a project so it can be printed and cmon is giving us someting in return for our backing in 4 months time?
i wish kicktraq adam were here...
good morning one and all! it is a wonderful sunday morning and we are 18 hours till the end with another fantastic stretch goal in our sights. a few days ago, i would have said that was impossible, but given our momentum these past few days, anything s possible. so, fingers crossed and a whole day ahead nervously watching the kickstarter counter.
marking a product that was provided to you in exchange for money as a "gift" for he purpose of avoiding customs fees is fraud.  it's an extremely common type of fraud, and very rarely prosecuted (and you wouldn't be in trouble, the sender would), but companies that want to respect the law won't do it.  on the plus side, these same companies will usually respect those other laws that favor you as a customer.
11280 in the last hour. not bad.
definitely picking up speed a bit.
even better
there's actually 18.5 hours to go.
17,5 hours to go. 80k to go, thats under 5k an hour. pretty managable if you ask me.
@teik chooi oh, there are different customs rules for different countries. norway for instance does not allow you to get gifts from companies with a value over $35, all above will be declared and 25% vat and fees will be slapped on. however "gifts" from persons is ok and non declarable as long as they are under $140. either cmon should post the items as gifts with values under 30dollars or they should not at all. it is essentially up to them as they will be held accountable if one of the customs agencies decide to poke around.
@ teki no. gifts up to 48 euro are free of charge (in germany) the sets are: up to 24 euro complete free up to 220 euro 19 % tax (called mehrwertssteuer) over 220 euro 19 % tax + 10 % tax (custom charge) up to 48 euro marked as gift from a legal person complete free (all set for germany and all counts price of the product and shipping)
if we get to 5k backers that will help
80.5k to go, 18hours to go
cmon offer to label as "free gift" which sounds good but as far as i know,'gifts' are not excempt from custom duty. only category i know of is "free sample of no commercial value". just as importantly is for cmon to declare this "gift" as being not more than $100 for abomination, ie not count the extra minis/dice etc and definitely not postage value (as many of us willamette closer to $200 in total for a lot of extras)
@joshua ever since british cows got unionised, things have never been the same.
thanks. i'm thinking about getting a couple of sets for our shadowrun group. it's really hard to find cool d6s with more than a single custom face.
@matt...you guys must have some wicked ice cream taxes in your area if skipping it equals a paint the town! :p i think i'll be happy working side by side with my 15 year old painting these. she is getting pretty darn good with a brush, and it's one of the few times she doesn't mind spending time with here dull dad....( she is a teenager....)
@ashton 1 to 6, just regular ol dice, with the 1s and 6s replaced by zombie heads and molotov cocktails respectively.  the rest of the faces have bullet holes representing pips!
@joshua maybe skip icecream and treat her to a paint the town set? every 5 year old girl's dream.
what are the faces on the custom dice?
also would love some painting ideas for the figs!
stephen, enjoy it! i saw it twice yesterday. long time since a movie was worth a same day double shot!
i promised my little girl some icecream today, so i'm off for a bit if you guys could go ahead and just break $700,000 while i'm gone that'd be super...thanks.
lets pass troy while i take time out for avengers
they said there would be pics posted of the paint the towns.
@ joshua.  i second that mythical miniature paper-enhanced undead mini-horse!!
i would also love to see the painted figures.
@paul, thanks! i like playing with numbers, and i figure if i am doing the math anyway, i might as well share. if there is a kickstarter for the expansion, i'll be the first in line requesting cardboard horn uni-pony zombies!
so what stretch do you think we will get after $700,000? just kidding. i hope we get troy though. it would be cool also if they did alternate character mini kickstarts. like $5000 goal for a unique character. like people mentioned go go from kill bill. if the $5000 on the kick start is raised you get gogo. pledge levels start at $10. then the can add the zombie version as a stretch. then for stretch goals the add more characters (for $10) and the zombie version for stretch goals. all come with dashboard. they could even take polls to vote on characters...
a paint the town pledge will be ok if you can afford it well painted by very good miniature painter , i hope we can see some picture of the finished painted miniatures,
@joshua harris.  quite regardless of how this ends up, and whether or not we get troy (great name, isn't it?  i really don't think he realises it's an insult...) can i thank you for the incredible dedication to the cause you've shown, with the updates on how the figures look and all that?  i appreciate i could probably have looked it up and worked it out for myself, but having you there to shout for the project and for decent behaviour to one another has been exemplary, inspirational even, and that idea for the pony unicorn with the cardboard tube horn made me laugh my arse off.  and there's an idea for a zombie...
i saw that. lucky bastard!
ya, someone bought a paint the town.
especially since we have done $2000.00 in the five minutes since i did that math...
we did $6750 in the last hour...x 19 hours...puts us at 738,000... so we are ahead of the pace right now. and the pledge rate has been increasing over the past three hours.
$90,000 to go!
at least 4200 litho to sign.  it means 4 hours without any pause.  probably a full day with pauses and cramps-cure time.
@inyokamadoda ha ha i just ask this same by message. ;)  @cmon thank you for fast answer!
cmon mentioned before that shipping out things is in their wheelhouse, and they will be able to deal with address changes without too much hassle.
im surprised yall dont just have a stamp made for the poor guy? . by my count he has close to 4400 copies to sign....
@cmon thank you for confirming.  i thought that was the case but it was unclear from the update.  and i hope his hand recovers from the excessive signing he'll have to do!
signed litho still there, edouard is training his hand right now.
@edward : unique profil & abilities for each survivor
@adam dunno, you will need to ask the creators of this ks by using the "send message" button on this page
@inyoka: bitten's included in walker, walker's included in runner, runner's included in fatty, and fatty is included in abomination pledge level. so you get the lithograph.
@davidp  if my address changes between now and september will there be an easy way to modify the shipping address?
do the player characters that get zombied have special abilities? or are the zombie minis just for fun?
@cmon it would appear from the last update that abomination doesn't include the "cover lithograph signed by edouard guiton" that the pledge rewards would indicate.  is this true?  it wouldn't affect my pledge, but i was just wondering.
@louis thumb'd!
upped my pledge another $10. $195 in total...
thanks to folks at dakka dakka for keeping up the interest over there.. and with the arrival of ash, my resistance finally caved in. abomination and all four extra survivors pledged. :)
there is also this thread. thumbing and ongoing posting there keeps it visible for all the people who will visit bgg in the next 19 hours.... http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/798517/i-cant-believe-im-even-contemplating-this-zombic
that new update is a handy place to point people questioning what they get....
we need about 100 thumbs more... http://boardgamegeek.com/image/1263603/zombicide if everybody here goes and thumbs this picture up (and others, if you want, but we need to focus on one), it may get it to the bgg home page in time and drive some more backers
i know it's increasing right now, i'm saying that overnight, in the wee hours of the night, in general, we have done far worse than the peak time, which should be coming up soon.
and those of you who questioned "overnight" weren't watching it with us at 2am central time.. we did over $50,000 since then....
i just added 20 bucks to my pledge so i can get the tile set... man i hope we can get troy!
actually cory, that average has been increasing over that time as well. two hours ago we needed to hit $87/minute and were only doing $80. one hour ago, we needed $83.00 and were doing $89.00. now we need to average $80/ minute, and are doing just over $100
joshua: are you assuming we'll maintain the hourly rate overnight, though?  that seems overly optimisic.  we need a peak tonight!
joshua, where are you getting your hourly rates from?  are you calculating them from your own observations?
@adam shaw : augustus / september for core box and a part of goodies and 2013q1/2 for the rest
aww man, my wife is going to kill me, i just pledged 20 more to help get us the number one zombie fighting machine.
well joshua, that's all good and well now, but overnight it's not going to be that high...
rigtht now an $80.00 per minute average will hit the goal. we are  doing close to $100 a minute over the last two hours...
sorry since i'm sure this info is available somewhere, but when is this projected to be shipping?
@cory: thanks for the info! the silver lining is that we don't have to pay customs until september. we should manage to get our hands on some cash till then. ;)
awesomeness! i am totally increasing my pledge!
@stefan i think you get 1 zombie version per promo survivor.
you would get one zombie survivor for each optional survivor your purchased. 3 evas=3zombie evas
i read somewhere in the comments that you may buy up to 3 of each of the optional survivors (for example 3 eva). is this correct? will this also include 3 zombie versions, or just 1?
i love how zombie troy has a perfect evil dead zombie face
@benny: they made a comment about that a while back, since it is a gift they would mark the value of the gift as low as possible, probably at manufacturing cost. though they would have to put some value down since you still have to pay customs on gifts in most countries (at least from us to canada).
@haegemon get out a hobby knife and make it!
speaking about customs. how does that work? we're not paying for the product, we're paying to back the project. why would we have to pay customs for this gift we receive for backing them?
i almost wish zombie troy would be the 2-headed ash, where one is human head that looks dead, one is "live" zombie head, but on same body at once.
@matt: works fine for me.  there's no projection cone because we're in the final 24 hours (last day).
@matt, probbly because there's 4,000 people all looking at it at the same time? :d
@john i'm the same.  i check throughout the day.  don't know what i'll do in 21 hours...
does anyone know why the experimental cone on kicktraq isn't working anymore?
increase my pledge by 100 but may concider battle foam or more figures.  this is crazy, i find myself checking the pledge amount every ten minutes.
the only thing that bothers me about the latest survivor is his name. cause we named the zombie pony troy.
@jason: that would be great "sigourney weaver with a flamethrower" though i would love to see some tactical police (stars type or umbrella corp) type mixed in as living and zombie.
ooh, a flamethrower weapon for the expansion eh? that'd be cool.
@cory : some hint about french situation : first : edge don't have habbit to give gifts and they usually convert the prices of ffg's games at 1$ = 1€ rate.   second : ravage magazine's boss has already said that this year (no more precision) there will be a promotionnal offer : one promo survivor for any order of old issues of the magazine.  considering that the marvin ivy and other will not be ready for this year, i'm pretty sure that the ravage magazine will have nick or dave or el cholo.  the other ones will probably be aviable during convention or with other magazines / promotionnal offers. anyway, it will probably be possible to get all "specials" in france but it'll be really difficult to have all because you'll have to pick them one by one from different sources (magazines, conventions, etc).
watching alien right now... sigourney weaver with a flamethrower would be a kick ass survivor
yeah atleast us that started yelling for bruce/ash should pay up some more
are we hitting 7.5k an hour now?
well ive upped my pledge to get some more minis, why dont you all do the same :p
someone should ping day9 he has a strong following in the strategy game department.
i was also thinking cmon *hint hint* could put out a news post on their site about this ks ending.
@brad.  great idea!
one way to get on the bgg home page is to get an image thumbed up. e.g. this one http://boardgamegeek.com/image/1263603/zombicide if everybody here goes and thumbs this picture up (and others, if you want, but we need to focus on one), it may drive some more signups....
600,000!!!!!
sent a tweet out to nathan fillion, felicia day and wil wheaton hoping that they will promote. it would be awesome to have any of them backing the project.
600,022. epic
i have to make sophies choice on whether i want claudia or ivy, :( i have all the others, just trying to save $10 to make myself feel better...
@david: i was also wondering if these promo figures would be exclusive to the cmon version of the game, or if the one edge puts out would have different promo figures, etc.
well i dunno..but i would think they send the game at retail price....not what was pledged
they said they're going to put the price as low as they can on the forms to mitigate the customs charges. which might mean just the manufacturing cost which should be much less.
@cory : about french version, just forget any hope of promo characters packs.  the best we can hope in france (french-speaking part of belgium for me) is, with a pre-order of the game at fulle retail price,  the core box + one promo character for a price around 100$ (80€).    some of the other characters will maybe be offered with specific promotions (i.e : with annual subscription to gaming magazine, etc) but will never be easy to get in a package like in this ks.  that's why i pledge on it (and for all other goodies, of course)!
ah i just realised: on top of the money paid here ... there will be a customs charge ... nooo 19% of the price...
what do you say joshua..should we up our pledge? i think i`ll throw in another 50$ i recon....we got the chin so..that`ll put me at 300$ i recon
in reference to the macho man comments.... . didnt yall know?? . the seasoning in a batch of slim jims mutated and started the zombies to began with.
so when they do the french/spanish/whatever other versions, do you guys figure they'll have the same promo characters? i remember them mentioning that those groups would not be left out on their chance to get promo characters, but the spanish version in particular doesn't look like it's being published by cmon. it's being published by edge, which to me looks to be like a european arm of fantasy flight...? just curious
interesting. in just the ten minutes since i ran the numbers...our hourly rate increased just a bit.
i'd like some zombie green dice, that would get another $10 from me!
just pledged (first time on this site), i just find it really cool when i see what i'll get for 165$ (abomination + 25$ shipping + 4*10 for special survivors and the zombie version of them).  hope the projetc will reach 700k to have one more character.  we are just geeks ! ;)
only $101,583 to go
if we manage to do $83 a minute...we will make it.
comments still haven't equalled the number of backers yet. mental. only 100k to go! come on late stagers!
full speed? seems to be running pretty slowly to me... we need another endorsement. anyone know wil wheaton?
woowoo the pledge train is at full speed!
just rented the evil dead 1 and 2 because of the stretch goal.
that's why i said $700,000 was just right. if they said 650,000 we would have just slide into it at an easy pace and gone over by a few thousand. making it just out of the calculated "reach" prompts people to addon and push for a few more backers or anything they can to get those extra bucks. well played by cmon. they are running a "how to kickstarter" right now.
currently running about 40 backers an hour.  if the average pledge holds up we'll be short by ~ $20,000.  good call @joshua! on the other hand, human nature is to procrastinate...
wonder if there are any us backers from bgg who are happy to receive my copy & bring to essen? message me "chooi" on bgg or here please if so. happy to pledge same amount & get more dice/minis.
picking back up all of a sudden. $1000 in the last 5 minutes...
+1 to macho man
@jeremiah machoman can only be a zombie now.  :(
dang, i was really hoping for a randy "macho man" savage survivor/zombie stretch promo...would've been fun to paint the sequined cowboy hat and cape. :)
here's hoping that if we are just a touch short cmon and gg look kindly upon us mere mortals.  doesn't mean we should promote to the hills!  has anyone posted over at ogre about us?  we've mentioned that fantastic pledge enough times!
the current run rate looks like about $4k/hr, which would put us just short 20 hours hence.
also very interested in the possibilty of a direct pick up at essen if possible !!! damn this eva scuplt is already  looking good ( rackham sculptor always have been among the best !! ) i m an old wolfen player and did buy lots of cadvalon minis just for collection , keep on the good work guys ;-)
all the best ones are.
i think we will hit this like i said, but it'll be a nail bitter.
@joshua those films are fantastic.  that's the universe telling you to go watch them.
@joshua we will have to hope on the last minute pledges that always come out of the woodwork on kickstarter (i call them the remind me pledges)
just ran some quick math.... our current hourly rate for today has us falling short about $20,000.
@ ninrath, funnily enough i did just see both addams family pop up on my "recommended for you"  netflix instant queue....
@niranth he should know about the addams family on wednesday. :p
have asked cmon directly & here but still no answer if collection at essen possible? not worried about very reasonable $25 postage but the over 20% vat,custom and charge that will be inevitable.
@cornbread ahhh, thought you had insight into something frm the adams family coming on soon!
my plan is to see where we are in the last 5 hours.  maybe get more dice.
addams = add-ons. ipad and fast typing is not a good pair...
i think $700,000 was the right number for this one whether we hit it or not.  it's going to be close without new addams or anything today. we would have to do even better than our all time high from yesterday to make it, and yesterday was a second pa mention and the 48 hour emails... my analysis went right out the window a couple days ago when the flood gates broke loose! i think this goal will be met.... but it'll be close.
@cornbread you will call me daddy.  but your 5 year old sounds super cool.
little bit of triva - there are 33 triplets pledged currently
ain't that the truth bigbrain, ain't that the truth.,
@j cornbread h, you've been on point with this.  do you think we will reach 700000.  i even upped my pledge to 240 a few hours ago but 700000 in 21 hours is cutting it close.  sorry if you answered this already.
cornbread, you are not obliged to make matt happy.
my 5year old woke me up this morning  saying she made breakfast for me. there was a box of cereal on the floor, and a spoon.
dude...i'm not calling you daddy.
@matt, truth in that!
can't argue with that. (although it is papa in my case)
the best name to be called is daddy. fact.
they don't? i thought "sour" would be the obvious coice. (only if they don't know you of course)
they call me josh "cornbread" harris. not that it's relevant here, but i wanted to play the middle name game thing.
they never call me. :'(
ok, you may use bigbrain then
lol - i struggle with 'sven'! :p
th'they don't call me sven 'bigbrain' tscheppainz for... oh actually, they don't, since they can't even pronounce my surname. :p
don't get all mathematical on us now, sven! :p
@cmon perhaps another add on for a starter zombicide paint kit? i saw on your website that you carry some paint :)
and x=y
thex should
troy eh?  does he "flame" the zombies? :p love you really troy.
they don't call me scott 'clever' hill for... oh actually, they just don't call me scott 'clever' hill! :p
clever
@iain: you can kinda vaguely make out all the tiles on the packaging art shown on the project home page for the extra tiles option - they all look very urban
@sven: everyone gets 2 of each!!!
ash is worth it; i'm doing my part and finally getting those extra tiles.
@ scott, and what do you do, if all 6 players want the black dice, or the white, or the gitd??? maybe you shoud up these 120$ to make sure there are no fights ;-)
@frederik thanks for the definition. i wasn't really sure what the word stretch meant. this whole time i've been racking my brain trying to understand if it was truly a wishful long term goal or you know perhaps just a delay. i feel so free of all this confusion that i can now stop crying into my pillow every night.
has anyone stated what the theme is on the 2nd side of the tiles?  i'm buying regardless, and the minis.
@sven: yeah i have enough dice... i think... :p
@joseph: that's why it's called a stretch.  $650k is simply a delay.
i'm gonna leave it 12, or 16 hours, come back, see where it's at - maybe add $40 - at least that way i can get a second set of the optional minis for ebay.
@scott, ok, the dice ar enot an option for you, but maybe others.
@erich&scott, or you just get another set of dice
upped mine, too. i think you can always convert those extra $10 tips into more dice, i think.
i think a more realistic stretch would of been 650k, it's going to be tight to get to 700k
i upped mine to $165. come out and play troy. :)
popped an extra $20 for troy.  only $108.4k in 22 hr. we can do this.
or i wait, and add a $10 tip nearer the end if it looks like we will make it
@scott: just put an extra $10 even if ash/troy is free. if at the end it doesn't look like we'll get to 700k, you can redact that $10 or keep it as a tip for cmon at your discretion.
this is torture! there's nothing new i can buy to help reach the goal!
>14 minutes ago - 113k in 22h 110 already, 109 even
well i just did my part for the ash figure and upped my pledge.  hope we hit that $700k mark!
we need just about 5000k/hr to get this last stretch. seeing as we've slowed down considerably from yesterday i am hoping this is still possible. meh, if not we'll get him with the next ks anyway.
another blast from the past, this one from bgg: "i wouldn't worry too much about the $140k stretch goal. at the current rate of > $8k/day, it should be achieved on saturday (if not earlier). i'd be surprised if zombicide's kickstarter campaign comes short of $220k (e.g. averages > $10k/day for the rest of the campaign)." $8k/day...  and back then you could get two hot dogs and fries for a quarter, as well!
i'm hoping the expansion gets a kickstarter personally, nothing quite like securing your copy with all the trimmings ahead of schedule.
hey cmon, any chance of getting another add-on to help give this thing the stratospheric kick to the ass it needs to get to 700k?  maybe a sale on a six-pack (2 models, 3 each) of female runners (obviously these would have to ship later, as i assume you have no molds for this), or some purchase-able female fatties?  regardless ... want troy!
now if someone could convince george takei to mention this in facebook...
we so need more dice colours... oh actually, that won't change my pledge! :p
yeah, i read it as an either/or too
@inyokamadoda: as an international backer, i'd rather have him confirmed with the ks because there is no confirmation on the expansion and how easy/hard it'll be to get outside of the us yet. rather have that security!
concerning the "will be playing in the expansion anyway" if think we can identify troy as a promo survivor, so most likely not included in the extension, but available on sale at the same time. well, that's how i understand it.
@stephen: i assume they mean if we don't get it as a stretch now, it'll be a stretch or optional purchase for the expansion ks.
this one is pretty nice! 113k in 22h but i can't give any more money, why!!!
wow, ahead of ogre. this is impressive! (yes, others noticed before, but it's still impressive) congratulations
stephen makes a good point there....
troy is worth a set of white dice added to my order, sure.
4001 missed the epic number :(
@jason mcf, if they add another set of options or ~800 new backers show up then we're good to go.  i've had too little sleep and too much fun to get my hopes too high
wait so if we get the stretch goal he'll ship with the expansion but if we don't get the stretch goal he'll still be in the expansion..... ok
that might be worth adding the white dices set to get troy. considering if we don't get him on ks, we'll buy it later, we might as well buy a new color of dices and get troy for free =)
3999 backers!!
why do i feel like such a sucker, i'm in 350 now for a board game ha! well two and double all the stuff plus the battlefoam.
o. m. g. . something wrong with his right hand? well, well well... notice he's got a boomstick! . it's ash! . if you doubt, check out that cambell-esque chin. we got an ash. :d . i might have to order a couple sets of dice to help out!
now i will have to play him every time
oh boy. no new optionals! :worried-face:
that update broke my browser!
how can you be pessimistic?  they've made over 100k over the last 24 hours.  700 should be a cinch.
hahahahahahaha, it's so sweet that troy is named troy.
what now! they named him after me! their white knight! lol in all your faces
rofl, well played cmon!  i'm pessimistic about hitting the goal and and delighted to know he'll be available either way.
oh and holy crap we are now beating ogre!
i might have to buy foam trays now after all.....
was holding off on the two new optional figs but the promise of troy pushed me over
and naming him after our resident troll is soooooooooo deliciously sweet!
new update.  new survivor for free for abomination and above.  $700,000!  we can do it!
update #42: i've got a little present for you.... troy. is it possible? 700k
the chin has landed!
just put my $$ in for the four optional figs. can't wait!!
@scott: okay fine, you can order up to 18 of each (buyable) promos at $10 each, so long as your pledge level includes one "abomination" set for every three of each.  alternately, contact cmon and inquire about shipping costs for additional ones past 3, which might be cheaper. pretty sure snatching a "paint the town iii" would give you much leeway, as well.
@adam: no you can't - there's a limit of 3 per person per figure
@cozmo, you can order as many of the promos you want for $10 each
considering the cut that amazon and kickstarter take,cmon may well be content with the half million+ raised.  in either case, i say good for them!  i certainly am content. (really, i'm positively giddy - but that may be the lack of sleep!)
just highlighting the oddness that there's two erich's doing both zombicide and banner saga...
i would like have more abomination models. it is normal one in box, 2 now in kickstarter.
i remember thinking $550 got you 6 abominations and i was wondering why they were so expensive...
i remember seeing on day one... "abomination? $25.00 for one exrtra mini? that's doesn't make sense."
24hrs to go!
what about just an "unlock" allowing us to purchase additional promo & "extra" zombies, so we could bulk our hordes out with as many different sculpts as possible?
so who remebers when the 20 extra walkers and the map softwere was the way out there money goals
@eyeh8, you might head over to cmon painting and conversion forum.  there are several threads that discuss the merits of different paints. http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
@frederick: rofl!
now that they have updated to aknowledge last stretch reward, am sure they are racking their brains (& calculators) to see what feasible final pledge they can release. will be very shocked if they did not.
actual quote: "oh wait the 20 extra walkers is only if the reach the final goal. but still that's a lot. " (a user on penny arcade forums) man, those were the days...
i work.in an aerospace machine shop. i know that it is different, but in ways, the costs are the same. if you came to us with a drawing of a part and asked us to make it. we would first have to get raw material, which is cheaper, the more you buy. then we would send the drawing to engineering where they would take hours to days to to come up with the best, most economical, method of making the part. then it would move on to programming where a person would spend hours writing cnc programming to control the machines that would cut the part out of raw material. programming might have to write several programs based on the complexity of the part to achieve the finished product. when that is done, we actually get to the machining part of the project. now a tool maker makes the tooling that will hold the parts in place when they are being machined, along with making any special cutting tools that need to be made custom for the part. finally we.get to making the part. the machinist will load the program, gather, assemble, and load all the tools. calibrate every tool in the machine, install the fixture, finally he loads a part. after running a part, the part will be measured, adjustments made and another part machined and adjustments confirmed. if all is good, we are ready for production.  so as you can see, if you wanted one part, it would cost you thousands of dollars, but as you increase your quantity, your price will go down. you only pay engineering, programming, tolling and setup once. then you pay the machine time per part. one part might be $5000, but order 100 parts and you might get them for $100 each. i hope that helps some of you understand how the process works. also, please excuse any typos, i am on my mobile, and proofreading is difficult.
i've never dealt with a game like this before but am looking forward to it; can anyone recommend a good "starter" paint kit for this game?
cmon: "stretch goal: $1 million dollars: george romero miniature.  try hitting that in 24 hours!" (not an actual quote.  not based on any actual statement, even.)
i would like to see a duke nukem survivor.
niranth - true dat
. . .
i second niranth and matt, making it a axiom.
@brian mcgee, the material is a hard plastic, not a resin product.  the plastic is not quite as hard as what is used by games workshop, but should be similar to what fantasy flight games uses for dust tactics. in regards to costs, the plastic minis and parts are expensive upfront due to having a master made and then having metal molds cut, but after that the cost drops dramatically now that you have the molds.  for the paper parts you have all the design and layout costs as well as the cost for cutting dyes to be designed, made and tested.  then you have the substantial printing costs where there are quality control issues than you have with plastic.  you also have to consider how much paper and cardboard weigh.  when you are pricing out a game, the manufacturer must account for shipping costs, which means every little bit of weight cuts into the bottom line.  plastic is much lighter than cardboard.  once you have all the parts made, hopefully in one factory, but not likely, then someone has to assemble the contents and do another quality control check before sealing them for shipping.  the good news is that adding more plastic minis is relatively cheap once you pay for the master and metals molds, especially if you can have all the extra free kickstarter minis placed on the same mold.  i woudl imagine all the molds for the base game have been done for a while and that they include all the original parts.  this is why cmon has stated they cannot add any new zombies to the current base game. the person i would not want to be (travis this is aimed at you!) is one of the guys that have to deal with sorting out all the base games when they arrive in atlanta and then adding all the kickstarter extras to go with them for shipping.  that has got to suck.    :) just glad to see how well all of this has gone.  even my sister-in-law bought two complete sets.  soccer moms buying zombie games, that's cool.
"niranth: i have to say that if the game is even half as fun as this kickstarter ride has been, life will be good!" - quoted for truth.
niranth: word.
for the last goal, maybe something that doesn't add any direct manufacturing costs for cmon?  some print-and-play non-urban tiles (wilderness, small town, suburban, prison, mall) or more vehicle / flavor counters for the final stretch goal (i know we'll have editors to do this now, but i'm no artist...)?  maybe some print-and-play additional zombie cards to let us completely convert the game to walking dead-style zombies (if the previous walk of the dead stretch goal doesn't fully allow that); or, for those who like running zombies (not me), a pure l4d-style infected world?
i have to say that if the game is even half as fun as this kickstarter ride has been, life will be good!
jebus.  i think this thing went up about $50,000 since i logged off last night.  congrats to cmon (and all the backers)!
(in fact i started the whole costs-of-production discussion going in the first place)
@niranth: i know! i was doing it myself earlier!
@brian - i did not get that. all i was saying is that i do not believe that cmon are loosing money because they offer pay-for extras. my numbers were only examples to state that if only few people bought extras, they would loose due to the set-up costs involved. since we are legion, they make money and can afford to throw zombie versions at us.
@scott, it a way to while away the time while the numbers stack.
ours is not to questions why.  ours is to pledge, paint and play! or just pledge and play, if i painted they'd look awful.
i have nothing to comment on but want to add to comment count just to see if it reaches backer count
lol - i can't believe i've been away for an hour and you're still arguing over costs!
boom! there it is!
@sven -- i think you're mistaken.  that supposition would result in profit margins of 1000% for cmon, and if you reason it backwards that breaks down.  at 1000% profit margins, why would they be thinking of limited production runs?  if a business could get 500 figures for $250, and the break-even sales number is only 10%, then why not spend 2500 and get 5000 of them?  clearly the margin must be low enough that the volume discounts of 10% or whatever is sufficient to drastically move their break even sales percent. @frederick --  the setup cost you're correct is a significant number, and that's a big reason for why you get volume discounts -- the manufacturer amortizes that into a bigger production run.  what i was pointing out to sven is that is the only part which changes.  your graph of cost is asymptotic to the raw materials and production cost of an item, not zero.  as a side note -- i don't recall what these material is being used in these castings, but if it's resin, it has a significant curing time (think hours, according to wikipedia)
they might be susprised the last sretch was reached so fast. i want to believe if they only were on they way to thank us, there would already be an udpate to say the goal is reached. i want to believe they're panicking in a new attempt to think of something awesome for us tu buy =d
well, i guess they're awake at least.
update acknowledgement!
@cory: it's because ogre isn't giving asia any love.
i hope they are. although troy might be right (and it would be ok to add nothing) i wish it wasn't so.
i bet it will just be a big thank you to all of us. but if they add more they are crazy
i do it will be noon east coast
anyone think @cmon are wait until tminus 24 hours to make a comment?
how about nothing. they have given us so much. just let it ride on
as they already have to stat and balance the six latest survivors, i'd think something that does not directly affect game play is in order.  maybe a commemorative ks wooden box for $40?
i am incredibly surprised that we're currently sitting 25k above ogre. blows my mind, never thought that would happen.
9am my time tomorrow this will all be over.
@sven: i think the ks will be earlier than january if they're trying to get the expansion published in q1/q2. i would guess october.
@jason, yes that's right. there will be a expansionks in january
i wish all the new pledges would wait until they make a new announcement ;)
i swear, if you put another new model to buy ($10) and the pledge goal award of $650k reward is a different model with a zombie counterpart of both models, everyone will add it. that will be at least $39,000 more.... maybe we reach that amount! you should do it!!!
california is currently in the same time zone as az
ya, i totally messed up that time zone estimate, i always subtract hours when i should add. oh well. i'm not sure if we'll get another stretch goal though, the last one was the second time they've said it was a last goal. lol.
8 am phoenix side
it's also cinco de mayo, celebrated in many areas.
and that makes it tight before 7am in cali if im not mistaken. we've not been working for 7the hours. not too mention it is saturday. americans in general don't like to work weekends. that said, im sure the c'mon group is looking at the screen.....  saying. . f**k, what do we do now??
@cory, its 10:50 am as of this post
thanks shawn
@brian mcgee: time on the factory floor isn't simply a (small) constant per unit, though.  you also have significant one-time costs.  you have initial setup of the molds (not making the mold, putting it into the injector), but what most peple forget is that the first hundred castings tend to be tests casts where you play around with plastic viscosity and thinners, and adjust temperature, drying time, lubricant and whatever else (i'm making these up, as my familiarity is with printing presses - but you get the idea)  after you throw away a few dozen *batches* of figures and reach the quality you're hopng for, production starts for real.  then, every half hour is so you take out a mini at random and check if quality is still up to par, and re-adjust as needed.
i don't think the east coast has been working for 7 hours already... that would be what, midnight? 11pm the night before maybe? (i'm not exactly sure where east coast is in relation to me timezone wise). but they should be awake by now.
@ropya  http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php… there you go!
add the shipping
can someone hook me up with the forum link? i can't find it in this sea of comments. thanks
@cavalie  yes, add the shipping amount to your pledge.
the east coast has been at work since about 7 hours ago, the west coast for about 4 hours.  i guess it takes time to get these things sorted out.  they don't want to promise something to us that they can't make good on.  better to promise nothing than blow your credibility.
i just want to make sure i understand correctly about the expansion. we're only getting the promo figurines at the same time as the expansion ships. we aren't actually getting the expansion as well. i'm assuming that will be a separate purchase or possible ks campaign.
should i include shipping cost in my pledge amount? or is shipping cost will be charged later? i want abomination + the 4 promo mini, so i selected pledge amount 140$ and reward selection 100$. is it correct, or should i add 25$ in pledge amount for shipping cost (to france).
@teik, i agree with cory. i think they are simply asleep. there wasn't even an acknowledgement of hitting the 550k, which they usually did before posting a new strech.
@robert   thanks!  i must've missed that one.... @shoogoo -  i bet they'll announce closer to the 24hour mark.   more dramatic!
are bonus survivors exclusive to ks ie not in retail game? i understand. if they may be given out as promo, prizes etc. as for additional paid characters, will they be in expansion? and yes, a final stretch goal in over this last 24h would be good!
i think they're still waking up...
did cmon comment anything since we blown the stretch off?
7:24am in phoenix.
@shawn beatty update #8: a closer look at the zombicide miniatures!
@cory  really?  that's cool.... does anyone know where those can be found?
they released some pics of the minis next to a space marine. not sure where i saw that...
@cmon:  would it be possible to get a picture of some of your minis next to other maker's minis like heroscape zombies, lnoe zombies, hasslefree, heroclix, etc. to give us an idea of scale?
but before i go: @tsini: kickstart it! the world can't have enough zombie games!
right, i'm off to have a bath and do some of the chores i've been neglecting to do over the last few days - will probably be back around the 24hrs to go mark...
my only regret is... not designing a half a million dollar game!! seriously i was working on a zombie game... now i'll just play with yours!
@sven: i'm hoping they announce those very items at some point in the next 26hrs - and that the bag is $5 (and the other coloured dice are all $10) - that way i won't even have to change my pledge!
@scott, i would have been in for the extra colors and a nice dice bag
@yousef: welcome on board.
good luck with the project, i'm officially a new backer!
come on cmon!  there's only a day left, and we have no goals to stretch for.  you want this to end with a bang rather than a whimper, don't you?
i@matt: i don't but my guess is that the zombie head = 1 and the molotov cocktail =6, the rest are the usual numbers
@matt: they're just dice, nothing special about them. or if you mean what they're used for, i believe they're only used in combat. see the dice thread on teh forums.
i just wish we could have 3 more colours. :-\
@sven: oh yes! :d
does anyone know how the zombie dice work in the game?
@scott: hm, maybe i just should copy you ;)
@scott, you sure love your dice, don't you? a full set for each player - nice!
@niranth: lol - it's not that big!
@sven: 45 more i mean xd
@disord3r: then just hope for another 10$ survivor and you are set ;-)
@disorder: abomination ($100) + all the optional minis ($40) + 2x white dice ($20) + 1x additional black dice ($10) + 1x additional glow-in-the-dark dice ($15) + extra tile set ($20) + foam trays ($40) + shipping ($25+$15) = $285
@sven: i know but feels dumb to take it away now ;p but if i take trays instead they will still get $30 more :)
@matt yes, let's be bffks
@disord3r, you know that you get the black dice with abomination already, right?
i wonder how much of this will be put into petroleum futures to hedge against a spike in oil prices causing a spike in plastic costs?
@brian, i know. however i guess making 3000 promo figures and zombies will cost pennys rather than dollars and definately not 5$, so they will still make a profit on them.  however, if only 10 people paid for the promos, then making the molds etc will be more expensive than the 100$.
@matt: he didn't ask about the tiles
@scott hahaha
@scott: what did you get? :d please tell! ;)
@andy yes that is right! :)
@matt: ptchaw! i'm in for $285! :p
i have officially jumped in. can't wait to get the game. i am also picking up marvin, ivy, claudia and eve. i would have love to have seen some tactical police (raccoon city stars) or something like that added but overall there are a ton of great models to use. i assume that once it closes zombicide will clarify what i want for the extra $40 i put in?
@scott no extra tiles?
oops! *if you are in the us subtract $25!
@sven we are officially like sisters.......
abomination level = $100 . marvin (and zombie marvin) = +$10 eva (and zombie eva) = +$10 ivy (and zombie ivy) = +$10 claudia (and zombie claudia) = +$10 . non-us shipping = +$25 . total = $165 . you also get nick (and zombie nick), el cholo (and zombie el cholo), dave (and zombie dave), chaz (and zombie chaz), cardboard tube samurai (and zombie cardboardtube samurai), all for free! . if you're not in the us, subtract $25 from the above total.
im in sweden and this is mine: $100 (game) + $10 eva + $10 marvin + $10 white dice + $10 ivy + $10 claudia + $20 tile set + $10 black dice + $25 postage = $205 don't know if i should get the $40 trays. worth it?
@matt, we have the exactly same pledge ;-)
i'm in the uk so here's how i'm outlayed.  $100 (game) + $10 eva + $10 marvin + $10 white dice + $10 ivy + $10 claudia + $20 tile set + $25 postage = $195
@sven -- the reduction in cost of the production run will never go below the manufacturers cost to produce -- the raw materials, the electricity and the time on the production floor are all constant no matter how many are made.  so unless the manufacturer is really gouging cmon with their profit, the reduced price curve for bigger runs flattens out quickly. additionally, for modern manufacturing, the production runs we're talking about are still pretty dinky.
and since there are 4 extra (read pay-for) survivors that would be 140$. there are also 3 promo survivor/zombie sets that come with abomination itself and another two sets that you get for free thanks to meeting strech goals.
usa: 100+40 = 140 outside usa: 100+25+40 =165
@jimmy: are you in the us?
@jim go on the project page and add any extras you would like to your pledge. all the extra survivors come with their respective zombie versions.
can we get a price on what it it would cost to be at abomination and have all of the add on zombies. i'm a little confused on what we have currently.
except of course isf only a handful of people ordered them, which i somehow doubt.
@sven: yeah, they won't be costing $10, or even $5, to make.
@scott, ok you blew my cover. please don't let anyone know. the research council will never let me go on another field trip except maybe to one of those shitty planets around cluster x35cp and i really like research on earth. anyway, you are right, but the graph thinks it is the last day.
one more thing about profits. i guess that cmon are not loosing on the promo survivors and other extras, do they? i mean we pay 10$ for a figurine and once there are enough backers (lots of whom also have paid the figurine) then it becomes so much cheaper for them to produce that they can offer the zombie version (e.g. 5$ per figure). so another survivor strech would not harm their profits, right?
@scott @sven i'm not complaining.  the way this has gone i wouldn't be suprised if adam's pcalculotron has exploded.
@sven: but it's not the last day - there's 27hours to go! unless you live on planet with a day that's longer than that?!
have anyone play the game 'dead island' i hope there is some of the scenarios, or the weapons to find or pick up?
i think the graph projects the actual take of the day, since it is the last day. if there was another day it would extrapulate an estimate from the "formula". but i don't know. let's wait for adam.
sorry, wrong graph: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/exp-cone.png
@sven: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/exp-trend.png look broken to me.
also, i need to go back either to a computer, or someting with autocorrect in the right language.
@matt: its working for me
james is right, but there's a lot more data to the economics, though.  when zombicide will sell at retail, the game's maker will receives roughly $22 (25% of msrp) per copy, with the retailer and distributor taking the rest.  so buying here increases cmon's take roughly by a factor of four, without affecting their costs.  this is what makes all those extras (and shipping) even remotely viable. before people start jumping up and down though - the game's maker *cannot* pass some of that money unto you as a reduced price once the game is on sale: the manufacturer's set price of $90 is what the $22 is based on, and if they sell at $40, no distributor will buy it for more than $10 - they have to respect their own pricing, even if all the stores sell it for less. new minis, and anything that makes your pledge bigger, however, are really helping them - let's not hide from the fact that they're here to make money!  but board games are a volaile business, and lots of physical components, combined with a large nox (shelf space) means you need a crystal ball to figure how much you should produce, and risk losing a ton of money if you go wrong either way. bottom line is, any simplistc math that tells you they're either in the red (hell no!) or completely abusing their customers (even less!) is just that - simplistic math with little basis on reality.
@matt: the kicktraq graphs also stop a day too early!
. . . .
@ninian: more backers too! @james: yes, but that only comes into it for the promo stuff, and with the minis they've already said those, whilst they won't go on general release, may well be sold at con's and shows, and used as prizes, and so on. everything that will be available retail will be sold at a profit, and the whole point of this is get them money so they can make more of those things. i also think everyone is getting a little blinded by the numbers involved and thinking this is 'huge' - it's not - it's good numbers for an unreleased board game, yes, but it's not huge. again look at ogre - that's even more niche than this game and it will surpass the numbers for this!
i keep hoping for a .pdf copy of the beta ruleset.  something to sell the last holdouts among my friends.  they want more than the stellar work on bgg.
also, the experimental cone on kicktraq seems to have died.  @adam?
@ninian too true.  and i think being second behind steve jackson games is no small feat!
well another part of the puzzle is as they discount in bulk productions occur you have sizable increases between the next step to get another discount. 1 - 10 =x 11 - 30 = x -1 31 - 60 = x - 2 61 - 100 = x - 3 101 - 500 = x - 4 and so on. eventually you might need to produce an extra 1000 of something to try and get the next incremental decrease in cost, which we be hardly cost effective if you only need 10 or 20.
even though ogre can and will pass us back up, how awesome is it for cmon to be able to say they were the #1 highest funded board game on ks? that's something they can carry with them for life.
@grigori: indeed, but i was keeping it simple. . and just to clarify to everyone, i too am over the moon with what i'm getting for the money it'll cost me. . i'm just saying "this is what i'd like to see", "it's what i'd do if i were cmon", and "this is why i think they could do it" . all the suggestions for another goal will add additional costs one way or another.
wow i realize it's probably only a temporary basis but this kickstarter has over taken ogre in terms of total pledged $. its truly amazing how much has been donated in the past 48 hours.
yes, but, as i've already said, i don't believe we're anywhere near that point.
@scot: it's the concept of "diminishing returns", the more they give the less they get. sure production in bulk will help to lessen production costs but only to a certain degree. even if they make 5,000-6,000 copies of this game the production cost will decrease until it eventually plateaus and no matter how many more copies they make it's just not going to get cheaper to produce them.  they had a profit margin figured in when they planned on an msrp of $90 (whatever the base game would cost) and when they offered that same game for $75 to ks pledgers they already were taking a cut to that profit amount. every time something free is thrown in that profit gets whittled down little by little till eventually it could almost not be worth their while to produce even if 5,000 people wanted a copy. i signed on at $100 to get the base game with no shipping and no tax. that fact alone justified the cost to me, the rest of this is just gravy.
whilst that's true, i doubt we're anywhere near that point, niranth - for a start materials get cheaper the more you buy. and the unit numbers we're currently talking about are small. i mean, with ogre (and yes i know the manufacturing is different, but the principles are the same), sj was talking about printing 3000 copies just to cover costs, and has gone down the kickstarter route exactly because it brings in more money, that enables bigger print runs, that enables better economies of scale. what i'm talking about is exactly the reason the ogre kickstarter even exists!
zombicide passed ogre, btw.  they have enough days left to make it back on top, but wow! (which reminds me, i have to upgrade my pledge there, as well)
@scott hill, not only that, second unit is very likely cheaper to produce, i mean, the second unit might cost them 9.99$ not 10.00$. p.s.: i'm totally satisfied with the kickstarter, just making a point :)
@scott, carry that example out to 3,500 and you will see the cost difference becomes negligible.  while i cannot be certain, i expect that the materials, labor, overhead and mold replacement become the vast majority of the cost at ~ 2,000 units so the assignment of startup cost becomes too small to matter.
@gavin: yeah, it's just a wish, but's it almost certainly what i'd do at this stage.
just to join in with my 2c, the whole idea of this kickstart is to make it cheaper for everyone to buy... if you want the game cheaper, only donate to the level that gets you the base package, if you want all the delicious delicious brainmeats - err additional survivors and other goodies, pony up the additional dollars to help them make the best possible quality product and encourage them to make expansions for it - i know i want all the zombie love that is available, don't you?
some (very artificial) numbers to illustrate my point: product x costs $10 to design, and $10 per unit to make, and retails at $25. if they make 1 unit (total cost to them $20) and sell it to me ($25 income) they make $5 ($25-$20). if they make 2 units (cost $30) and sell one to me and one to you ($50 income) they make $20 ($50-$30)!
@scott i believe they are already doing us a great deal on postage compared to the majority of (much lighter)items i order from the us.  they must be shipping at a loss already at $25 before taking into account that they are posting more minis out to us for no charge next year.
@scott, you realize that economies of scale are also asymptotic?
@scott and dont forget this one is at 2800% ... i think some of the new survivors will also be part of some future expension. so the cost of design and so on will also be part of that expension... and of course of the box price.
their profit margin is increasing as more backers come on board though - bigger production runs drive down per unit costs! this is business economics 101!
a stretch reward that would help push this higher is one that instead of abomination, focused on survivor and higher to help incentivize upgrading. i mean after the extra tiles, the extra 70 could  be made up by just selling off the extra set of promos you would get from the second abomination.
@scott : i never said it was not making more money. but i said it was not only increasing profit, but also cost. people pay a certain amount for a certain number of things. the more people there is, the less it cost. but also, the more people there is, they add free stuff. so all in all, they are not making exponential profit the more we are. sorry for any weird english.
oh, also regarding more backers = more profit: the more they have to make the cheaper it gets per unit. it's called 'economies of scale'. it's what the modern consumer culture is built on.
@shawn, i think bcw or ultra pro could make a custom sized page protector.  the board could be thinner than the standard as it will have the extra thickness caused by the pvc.
god. that cardboard samurai really pushed the product! =)
the other thing about the shipping thing is, is there anyone here that thinks this will not hit 650k by the end of play?
som final "never gonna happen" stretch goal was $340k and we're six minis past that?  pretty good, eh! i don't care what the next goal is.  i want it, but this package is already beyond awesome, and after gettong what i wanted last update, i wouldn't begrudge anyone their own bonus that i care little about.  dog, pony, green dice, new shirt, cellphone strap, a licensed character from naruto (wtf?, though), i just hope someone else can get something they feel as good about as what i'm already getting. if suggestions are open, though, i'd propose a second *campaign* book, either free and downloadable, or $10 and to ship with (and use) the extra survivors.  or $10 electronic and stretch goal unlocks physical copy, you know. or adding character card creation to the scenario software.
@nirath   that is a brilliant idea!  i have a set of white dry erase map tiles (tacttiles).  but tiles where you could slip in your own tiles, that would be awesome. although lamination would be easier to do than making special tiles, unless someone came out with a whole rand of tiles like this for various games and their maps.
......
@anto and matt: no i don't think that would happen - i for example would not take out my shipping until the target was definitely hit - why because if the target's not hit i'd have to put it back! @vinsssounet: more backers most definitely will mean more profit - do you really thing they're doing this all for us? no! they're doing it to raise money for the production of the retail units! we're not 'pre-ordering' we're investing - the game, and all the goodies, is just our return on that investment! and they can only afford to give us all these goodies because they cost less to make then we're pledging for them! otherwise this whole would be a complete waste of time! because it would be costing cmon and guillotine money!
i live in sweden and i don't want free shipping, as it will make people drop $25.
although there are a lot of optional stuff, for which you pay extra... all the free stretch rewards make up for the international shipping, so there is your free international shipping :)
scott : this is not an option. this would only makes the pledge go down... plus you seem to forget that more backers does not mean more profit. it's also more cost. they can't add free stuff over and over.
@scott wouldn't the loss of the money from all the international backers' postage drop the total signifigantly?
@scott. do you not understand how it is the 560k total has been hit? if they offer free shipping to international customers, they'd have a couple thousand people drop $25 from their pledge, which would have a massive impact on the overall total.
i've said it before, and i'll say it again - free worldwide shipping - they _must_ have enough backers to make that viable now!
ok guys, how about a 650k super stretch goal? still a whole day left to go!
while i would still like to see a child + dog survivor, i also vote for an ash (army of darkness/evil dead) survivor!
yeah, 15 survivors on 9 tiles would be a little cosy!
as a stand-alone support item, i think blank tiles would be really cool!  one side would be white with a light gray grid and the other would be a pocket with a clear cover for loading your own printed material.  as a backer i understand that any original ideas i post here are free for guillotine games and coolminiornot to use without compensation although a gentle pat on the back would be nice!
@scott that would be cool!  you'd need the extra tiles for definite though.
@matt: you could also use some as npc's - don't you have to rescue survivors in one/some of the scenarios?
@matt: also, i reckon with a 15-survivor set-up, 5 players controller 3 survivors each would work really well.
@john yeah i know, but let me dream...
@matt: yeah, just got it :)
@scott i did.  i replied.
@sven, thanks for the re-posting!  at least they are thinking along those lines :d
at this point i am astounded.  i'm pretty sure the folks over at cmon are pretty astounded, too. i think they've  given enough physically products.... i know i"m happy.   i would like to see some exclusive pdfs perhaps?  adventures, etc. don't get me wrong, i would love more figures...but there is the whole balance issue of gender.   so i think a dog would be good.  (oh....just for a moment, i thought the fonz would be a  fund figure)
*i can imagine...
@matt: did you get my pm on cmon? and, re: will >6 survivors un-balance the game - in the 10 standard scenarios, i expect so, but with double the tiles, and all the extra zombies, i can 15-survivor mega-games, with loads of spawn points, happening - and remember, with that many survivors, weapons will have to be spread out amongst them.
since it would ship with the expansion, maybe they will add it as an extra then.
@niranth: my sentiments exactly. however, my qyestion: hi, i would really really like to see the additional (print&play) tile as either a bonus release or as an extra to buy. i just feel uncomfortable to have such a great game with great components and then i have to add a lousy selfmade sheet of paper. is there any posibility for getting or buying the tile? and cmons answer: sven, we're investigating this, but it's not possible to ship it with the base game release since the tile isn't actually designed yet. we'll post an update on this once we know more, even if the kickstarter is over. thanks for pledging!
@sven,  with some of the newer survivors not shipping until q2, 2013, i'd think we could wait on the tiles too.
@scott hill almost $8000 too late.  you are hereby expelled from the abominations!
@nirnath, tiles from the bonus scenario are not going to happen. i asked cmon this morning and they said that the special tile was not even designed yet (just like the scenario i presume).
as a zombie for an expansion, how about a models with 2 children and a single child. the basis being that the start of as 2, atticking twice beofre moving. kill one and the 2 model gets replaced with a single one. can't think of a good name though, thinking towards pack from dead space 2 and something relating to bffs. bonders could work, which also hints at how weak the remaining one becomes once one is killed.
@marcel, no real value.. its a major loss to cmon with postage costs, likely reductions in pledges to remove the postage already added, no gain for us backers, gain for existing nonus backers, probably won't induce a lot more to pledge.   love for it to be as i am a non us buyer but i don't think cmon will do it.
i'd go for 3 tiles for the bonus scenario, with write-on, wipe-off backs. but i'd be happy with nothing more.
@scott, you will hear from my lawyers. i think you are guilty off gross negligence
i know i'm a bit late here (so sue me, i was asleep!), but woohoo! 550k!!!! now what the consensus on new stretch goal or not?
@niranth & shoogoo, most survivors do not enter the game with ready weapons. and there is nothing that says the doctor could not use any of the available weapons he finds. he might just not get any boni for using them.
interesting assumption @shoogoo, either could use a pistol or shotgun at the very least.
how about free shipping outside the usa as new goal?
pegg & frost!
something similar to nick frost in shaun of the dead. big dude with a shovel (or cricket bat)! (for an extra $10 with a bonus zombie figure like the other 2) dog could be an exclusive equipment card? (with a model to represent it on the board) kids also seem to be popular to include in zombie scenarios.
@niranth, a character that can't fight? no thanks.
as far as parody goes, how about an older doctor named "makus wellby"?  carrying just his bag and make him a double medic.  could also go with red lips ruby from a nearby army base.  again, this is for the expansion.
they could do any figure as long as it's not called ash or whatever the person they're doing it.  parody laws protect them.
@titan: something tells me, though, that the doctor type will probably be saved for the expansion, which they say features infection risks. the doctor would be amazing in those scenarios!
i agree, a surgeon type would be fantastic.  could keep the bloody scrubs on, and run around with... i don't know, something sharp and able to cut through flesh and bone with a strike.  surgical tools wouldn't be as useful because they're small and mostly delicate to use.  could give him a gun or something. anything for a bit of variety is good.
;-) @erich
@sven: unless they give us a dog. that won't mess up the gender count ;)
for the next expansion, maybe a hawkeye pierce or trapper john?
i am not sure about having 3 figurines sporting chainsaws. the two girls are enough i believe. i am still up for the crazy scientist-stereotype. (we need more medics). that being said i seriously doubt cmon will give us another survivor, since they annouced the two girls specifically to level the gender ratio in promo survivors, hence there will be nothing to change that balance again i believe.
ash shouldn't have a chainsaw arm, but should have a big sam axe.
@sven : thanks for the information. i hope we'll be able to get it with the expansion as well.
what a beard benny, i'm jelly
@ titangames . from what i have seen, the evil dead crew (raimi, tappert and campbell) are pretty easy going with their ip - ash vs. marvel zombies, various iphone games, even evil dead the musical (i've seen it about 13 times... best. musical. ever.) . they would probably really dig zombicide - if cmon approached them, they might just get some suprising responses. :)
i am very happy for this last two model. concept sketches are very cool.i would like buy extra abomination model. in abomination set are now only two of this.
survivors is missing a big dude!?! :d
chainsaw hand would suck, sorry. in the first scenario it looks as if the zombie apocalypse just hit so having a dude with a transplant chainsaw would be stupid. my opinion though!
@sven, thanks for asking it directly and posting it here. it was one i was hoping for.
@titan doesn't need to be ash ash.  could be a familiar smart employee.
i'd rather not have ash show up to be honest.  too recognizable for this game, and also leads into trademark/copyright problems.  i think there is a few companies out there which make versions of him, so it wouldn't be too hard to bring him into a game if you made an alternative card for him. again, i would prefer a few more sculpts for the zombie line of walkers and runners, for a bit of variety.  i think with over $500k, cmon can definitely afford to add some more into the mix :)
also, we're nearing the end... so i shall say again: ash! . if enough people get behind this, perhaps we can get one last stretch goal, featuring everyone's favorite deadite-kickin', wise-crackin' badass. . chainsaw hand, and boomstick! . and a token for an old's delta 88, of course. ;)
painted sets still available .. aaron's site is here http://www.prestigeminis.com so you can see the quality of his work.
btw, i had asked cmon about making the special tile available as e strech or an extra, but apparently the tile has not even been designed, so we will not get it. i hope they make it an extra in the expansion ks
@ gene easton . yep, i know! :) . when battlefoam makes game trays, they usually make 2 sets, one to fit the box, the other to fit in pack bags. i have space hulk and dreadfleet trays for my pack 432. the stretch ones fit the box, which is why i will use them for storage at home (and the $55 helped us hit $550k!) - presumably, battlefoam will also make pack trays for zombicide... i'll get those for travelling. :)
@erich i am also in europe, so i feel ypur pain
@erich word!  looking forward to the expansion, but i hope cmon give our wallets a break!
also @matt: i will also be happy even if they didn't add more stuff. heck, i was happy long, long ago. now i'm ecstatic. plus we need to leave them something to put for the expansion ks, right? (which i am hoping for because international customer trying to get american product outside of ks... is not fun)
wtf, 550k+ was reached.
@matt: cmon left a message her that it is best to use the "send message" feature to ask them questions. they read through all the messages, unlike on the comment board where there are just too many!
i asked this of cmon yesterday but might have been missed.  am i right in thinking that it'll make the game unbalanced if there's more than 6 survivors on the board?
hey gang, let's all just be happy with what we have.  as much as i'd love more free stuff (who wouldn't) let's just enjoy the fact that come august/september we get a great game packed full of extra zombies and 3 extra survivors.  then next year we get more zombies and survivors.
test
holy moly! looks like ice hot to increase my pledge, again!
@bruce, i think the was an earlier post that mentioned another game publisher that got sued for using a mj-style figure and they had to take it out of the game.
the scooby doo survivor can be.... scooby (a dog)
i really really would like to see a thriller style mr m jackson survivor / zombie . obvious not the real one but some out of work actor look a like or hard core fan.
a scooby-doo survivor
zombie keyrings
cya stephen.
i hope no dice tower. anyway, we received lot of of free extras. it is amazing.
gnight all
yep, it's 1:47 am here
lol are you guys all butter fingers?
dice tower free....
@henrik, how about no. i want dice sack with dice tower
how about this stretch: 600.000 the rulebook is released :)
wow. still 32 hours to go and over $550,000! very impressive. its night time here, so i'm going out drinking, hopefully i'll come back in the morning to see another goal reached and more stuff included. :)
550900 with 32 hours to go. amazing well done guys.
time for one more stretch? lol
omg 550475! next level: dice tower?
my jimmies have been rustled
holy cow!
obligatory dog comment here. yay 550k!
$100,000 in just over 12 hours. that's a fine day at the office...
good night. for me is time for breakfast!
yeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhaaaaaaaaa
that was fun. time for bed now.
again sorry for the spelling...ipad and lack of sleep/excited typing sure don't mix well...
bloody hell! that's a thing to wake up to
wow. food night all! i'll see you in the morning to discuss our next stretch gaol, that hopefully gets posted while i sleep!
wow
woot!  hahaha this is awesome :)
550k!
and again 32 hours to go.........
done
$60!
so close! we hit this and i can go to sleep with dreams of new goals waiting for me when i wake up!
only $160 left!
520, let's hit it!
almost there :)
http://www.boardgamegeek.com/thread/789847/heroes-and-cameos
i don't think there is a final list that people agree on.
i gather this has been discussed a long while ago.but can any1 confirm who all the survivors are based on. i know most are obvious, but i'm struggling with some of the survivors that come with the game. so does anyone fancy posting a list for me?
jesus. i go to bed and it's almost at $550000
its total crazy. now they should think about an 750k goal...........
...i got a wife and kids too that need feeding. if it wasn't for that ptt would be mine.
if you want it that hard josh, then you go plege for ptt ;-)
hoping i wake up to a new stretch goal.
...and go to bed!
someone get a paint the town so i can see the goal met!
@chris re: battlefoam im not sure that these trays are designed for the apck system of bags, its more likely that they are designed to fit in the box - like spacehulk
adding another $20 for the ivy and claudia :)
@aaron, yes exactly. you pledge whichever level you want and then add whichever extras you like (e.g 110$ for abomination and one extra survivor)
@aaron apparently they will be sending out a survey for backers to fill out what they want after the project is funded
so how do i request ivy or whatnot? i put in 110 and choose the abom package...
i don't know about this.... 33 hours and 2.7k needed to hit the final stretch... i just can't see this one happening
holy cow, we overtook ogre !! ogre $544,278 zombicide $546,925
2 am here and i'm getting sleepy, yet we are so close to the next goal that i want to stay up to see it reached:)
can we say 600k goals ?
hey everyone :d what the hell is this, the stretch is almost reached already?!
do you really think he will sign every single one? i thought from the beginning, that it would be a printed-on signature. if they plan to sign it after printing the lithos, they should either get him a signature stamp, or buy one of the autograph machines they use in government ministries etc.
@frank wang: yes, manage your pledge, up the amount without changing the reward and then fill in the survey after the kickstarter finishes.
does edouard get workers compensation when he gets rsi from signing 4000 lithographs ?
@troy, liking doesn't cost money i expect
i'm backing ogre as well as zombicide - the ogre pocket box edition was the first wargame i ever bought, as a wee lad of 12 back in the 80's. . there may be no room left in hell for zombies, but there is plenty of room on my shelves for awesome games. :)
either they can't afford it, or they're waiting for the reviews of the finished product and gameplay when the game is in general release.
well, i wasnt interested in the cardboard tube guy, but claudia and ivy are two ladies i can get behind, if you know what i mean. . figured, while i am at it, i might as well spring for the battlefoam trays, and shipping to canada (having bought battlefoam products before, their shipping to canada is pricey) - it's just money right? - i'll use these trays to store the models at home, and get some pack system trays for travelling from battlefoam later. . so, i just put another $75 into the pot. :) . @cmon: there's been some division over the cardboard tube samurai - if you do another stretch goal, please make it an awesome one that will unite everyone. and i cant think of anything unifying than a survivor based on: ash! . c'mon, cmon, gimme some sugar baby.
if over 5,000 people liked this on facebook why do we only have 3,744 backers?
how often are you rolling for it?
i'll be backing ogre as well..as long as i don't fail my willpower saving throw for one of those pro-painted sets...
so the simple game mechanics are actually a plus
i am backing ogre as the first tabletop war game i will be playing with my kids. although i will have to wait another 6 years or so until they are old enough ;-)
i would also back ogre... except with that box weight shipping is ludicrous to au
quick go back ogre so they can catch up ... nah, seriously well done zombicide, but of course ogre has a few days on us and its not yet at its last day frenzy yet.  i would be an ogre backer but sadly the game mechanic doesn't attract me that much.
i think theres going to be one last amazing thing at 650k
holy crap! we just pulled ahead of ogre! i have screen shots of it!
10$ to go
i know it's some of both, but if we had any push a week sooner, it's all been exponential since!
might be my last comment before the end, due tom the week-end: thank you all for the fun in here! thank you cmon, gg for this awsome thrill!!!
i am pretty certain claudia is from fast and the furious. michelle rodregeuz was in fast and furious and machete. and i believe the quote "you dont look at claudia, you dont speak to claudia" was similar to what vin desiel said to paul walker in that movie.
josh, yeah i am a survivor too... and that is really more than i should be spending but the pre painted set would have been nice.... maybe if i sell my house... or rent out my wifes's sister...
@joshua, i don't think that the current push is so much pa, but rather the 48h reminder emails.
sorry for the spelling there. laying in bed  and typing on the ipad don't always mix.
holy crap, we are about to pass ogre! i'm gonna have to screenshot this! it won't last, but pulling in the lead in the final stretch is outstanding! too bad penny arcade didn't npmention this a week sooner...
oh i want to...i really do. but i also have a wife and two daughters who would like to eat something other than ramen noodles for the next month. if it was just me....
we are about to pass ogre :)
@joshua ... go on, you know you want to ... just do it  ;)
yeah, not having to pay for shipping helps. wish that didn't have to be true for the international boys. and it meant i passed on the foam for now too. $80.00 is a great deal for those trays, but i had to draw a line somwhere once that pro-painted set started looking so sweet just sitting there. my will power is still holding out for now.
upped to 160. i aint got no mo'.
oh and i will get the vallejo paints suggested yesterday too. maybe i'll hold off after all hahs
@eric, i am with you.
@joshua: man you are making two sets really tempting, but i'm already at like... $240 for just one set. @_@
also buying ogre as well, i'm going to be in trouble when the cc bill comes.
i have two of everything coming. i figure worst case, i'll go to all the local cons, i'll set up identical maps on two tables, and have a tournament bracket. two teams compete on identical map, winner moves on. maps change each round, finalist gets a trophy or something. it'll be a hit! easy game play should be fast to explain, nice and visual, easy to moderate without a "bad guy" needed to run the zeds...
just got home from work and see we have more survivors to buy, so upping by another 20$. i'm still trying to decide if i need the extra tiles.   160$  is so close to 190$.  hmmm, should i go for that, quantity or variety.
new pledge goal: international shipping discount, hahahaha
and still no fast-play rules or anything. hrmpf!
ok, it's too early for proper spelling
but if you buy the game isn't it cheapest for them to comed to your place to play it?
believe me i don't really mind i have a little bit of money free and i believe in the project my friends don't all five of them but i really want them to back it for more then one reason   i need some one  to play with :)
@sven   i do agree but the people who are at survive and above should get them free that will boost everyone from 140 to 190 so fast the zombies won't keep up !
@ian, but if cmon give away the additional figures for free or cheaper at 650k, then we will see a drop in support as soon as we hit this goal, since thousands of people are lowering their pledge at the same time. this could leave us just below the mark and in the end people who have lowered are unhappy and people that jumped on last minute will be unhappy as well since they thought they get more. if we would get the extra print&play tile as a proper tile, that would be a nice little goal especially since it was very popular with other backers before cts was announced.
hey darsc, i'm registered on the cmon forum but very rarely post there and only ever in the painting section when i need advanced advice on a project. ;) i should start checking out the zombicide board though, i'm already quite excited to get the game!
i think cmon has been showing their followers a lot of support. my thanks to them for all they've done and offered us so far. i don't think there's enough time left for them to organize anything more. as i type this there's only 35 hours left and we're heading into the weekend. i think that's just about it for new offers for this kickstarter.
i'm at 350$ but i want my friends to support as well but they wont if they think they will get the game with out the total add ones :(.. i just want this kick starter to make it to the full extent.   <3 you coolminiornot
so i attempted to decipher the back of the box for the extra game tiles. nine more gaming tiles! thats twice the room for zombies. it's twice the space for survivors to kill zombies. ?? ??? ????? ???? ?????? ?? ???? by (?????ing of course!) it's hundreds of possibilities to make your ??? ??????? and it takes them all! have you got what it takes? do your friends have the guts to fight zombies on such big maps?
@christohper yes i agree they are at 2500% so they should support their original followers.
we need an realy realy good 650000 stretch goal.  oh and free.  i think we're gonna hit close to 700000.
upon closer inspection and finally noticing the bandanna tucked into her belt, i think there can be no more mystery - claudia is based on selena from 28 days later... fo sho. a survivor who is a musician would be a great idea, too. maybe a men at work/flock of seagulls type with a keytar. that would be wicked.
@ian i would have to disagree. there are thousands of people willing to pledge additional funds to get extra goodies.
heck, having an option at $120.00 that comes with all the extra characters would be pretty awesome to.
580,000$ could we have all the additional characters free? i know if you did this a couple of my friends would pledge 100$  to make it happen no one likes having to support a idea and then having to buy additional thank you so much ian,
i think we are going to pass ogre in the next few hours. how cool is that?
so if we want to back the optional items, do we just add on the amount and a survey goes out later for which ones we backed?
a uick note, if you have a question, don't be shy to drop us a message directly.  the comments scroll too quickly, don't be shy, we read every single question sent and try to reply as soon as possible.
hey strewart! good to see you joining the ranks here my friend! this game is eating up all my mantic budget. ; ) if you're interested, check out the official zombicide forum on the cmon site. you'll find me there easily enough. http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
@darsc yes, we need an assault rifle on one of these survivors...it's not like they are an uncommon firearm...civilian versions are almost as common as hunting rifles anymore.  speaking of firepower, though, how about a caricature of blain (jesse ventura) and his minigun bringin' the pain?  i'd pay $10 for that...  it's not like a human could actually carry that and all the ammo it would need; but, hey, if a ninja boy with a tube of cardboard can kill the dead...jesse carrying a thousand pounds of god gun and ammo isn't too hard to imagine.  ;)
i've seen a few dozen zombie games, i like what they bring to the table, i think, but the less paperwork the better imo... even if this ends up having a phonebook sized rule book, i'm so happy to be a backer.  as a mini painter, hobbist, i can't pass up on this many models just upfront. i love these guys~
some of my friends that love zombie themed games are fatties. so, the way i figure it i will really have about 15 to 18 fatties around when i break this game out.
oh, actually, 19 game tiles!
you know i've just realised how massive a game this has become - and i don't mean in terms of the response to the kickstarter, but rather in terms of what we'll be getting (assuming you get the add-ons) - 15 survivors, 18 game tiles, 60 walkers, 22 runners, 12 fatties, and 2 abominations!
@steve: nice to have you aboard!
finally decided i can't pass this project up, i'm on board! wow its getting massive support. also, hi darsc! strewart from ws here.
something with a guitar
girl with a frying pan?? lol j/k ;)
....
np :)
@zombielord: everybody gets their lives back
and thanks, almer
hmm... maybe i will stick with the extra dice then! :p
so we should hit the 550 goal in about 4 hours or so. what you think the last streach goal is going to be
*should be 2 girls with chainsaws.
@ scott, just looked this up http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/792469/a-few-more-useful-questions as far as i can see, a character equiped with a chainsaw can roll 5 dice, add 1 if they have one of the "+1 die" skills, and you've got 6 at least. don't know how double wielded weapons work though, might even be more if you had 2 smg's (3 dice each)
the hair style is a bit different but the face, pants and boots are identical.
yeah, could be, darsc.
@scott. exactly. 2 girls with guns. 2 girls with swords. just need to mix it up a tiny bit is all i'm saying. everybody doesn't need to have a unique weapon, but a bit more variety amongst the girls would be kinda nice. not a deal breaker, since it's too late to change two of the girls, and i like the concept art for the other two. and isn't it 3 guys with handguns?
that is how many a player may need to roll at any one time
anybody know how many dice are actually required per-player?
2 painted sets still up for grabs ... go go gadget pro-painted game set !
.. and the goalie mask :)
what about a character with a hockey stick a.k.a. casey jones?
i would love to see woody harrelson from zombieland as a stretch reward, just saying this twinkie thing isn't over.
etc
at least two with rifles
two blokes with pistols
we also have two with a katana
wrong hair style (but then it's not quite right for tank girl either)
we already have a survivor with a chainsaw, however i think i like claudia better than roller-girl.
@scott,  valid point, still, we have a chainsaw chick
@scott: she seems to be sarah connor.
more to the point. we already have a female survivor with a chainsaw.
@ropya: i reckon it's tank girl, not person from sin city
cmon, ps, my thinking for claudia, we already have a survivor fig with a chainsaw
indeed, doesn't matter, let's just hope it keeps adding this fast :)
people might be interested in seeing this: . http://www.boardgamegeek.com/thread/799282/taking-matters-into-my-own-handsan-incomplete-sess
but either way, it is a really cool thing to watch :)
also, is claudia meant to have a chainsaw on the fig at final production? . if that is concept, and you are looking for feedback, i would think something like a smg would work better,  . maybe something like this: . http://l.yimg.com/eb/ymv/us/img/hv/photo/movie_pix/dimension_films/sin_city/rosario_dawson/sincity.jpg
i was going from the time i received the $450k goal.
@ niranth actually it's more then 100.000 in those 10 hours.  (i've noted down the amount when we reached the "48 hours to go" point)
stupefying, isn't it, niranth?
cmon have stated that the promo and optional minis will not be generally available later on
cmon, can you elaborate what tokens come with the $20 tile set??
wow, over $75,000 in 10 hours!
@scott, makes sense. i just wanted to make sure. if the game is good i'll more than likely get the expansion but just in case
if i go to survivor i don't plan on adding any of the extra minis.  i may try to score them later, but i think i could get by with everything i would get - who couldn't be happy with two copies of chaz?
@stephen: at least that's my reading of everything i read (and what cmon have said)
@scott, thanks
if you want double everything then yeah, survivor + $80 for double the optional minis it the way to go
@stephen: no - they ship _when_ the expansion ships, not _with_ the expansion.
it's not that much better value - you say survivor + 2x 4 optional minis = 270, well abomination + 4 option minis = 140, multiply that by two and you get to 280 - so the survivor route only save you $10!
so the promo figures and zombies ship with the expansion. so does that mean we have to buy the expansion to get our figures?
@todd, $45 for both set of dice and the tiles, for $45 more you get cards, 110 figures and another t-shirt.  :)
i do, which is why i am thinking the extra $30 to go up to survivor may be better considering the second set of everything but the eight extra minis.
do you want double of everything?
* that's 4 optional survivors (not 4x4), if you see what i mean
abomination + tiles + 4x optional survivors = $160, no?
it is certainly cheaper, but is it a better "value"?
@todd: surely it's just cheaper to add $20 for the extra tiles?
i have a set of glow-in-the-dark dice and a set of the black coming to me ... do i need the white dice? hmmmm....
@aje007: whilst i'm sure they're not making vast amounts of money on this, you can be sure they're making some. and the more copies of things they have to make the better, as this drives down per-unit costs. does a single plastic mini cost $5 to make?! no, it most definitely doesn't. just as an example. but, equally i'm sure they're not just lining their pockets with all our money, and the profits made will make the development of the first, and any further, expansion(s) even more cost effective.
i am torn between bumping up for all of the extra minis and a second set of tiles or just going up to survivor.  i am very happy with everything offered and am not complaining in any way - i just don't know if i want to put $230 into the pot for survivor and the 4 extra sets of minis ($270 if i want dulls sets for each game.
there were concerns about a "sausage fest".  i doubt strippers would make that shrink.
@edward never thought about a jason bourne character. that would be welcomed. i'm still hoping there is a doctor who character on the horizon.
@david bensman: the noise mechanism was enough to get me. the cards seem clean, with an interesting team-work mechanic. i only worry about the very first rounds of the game. it seems to me that if we just run away that the threat level will never rise, and that we'll just have to start blasting when we get cornered, which will make things worse... but we'll see. regardless, i'm glad that i pledged for this. it looks like a very cleanly delivered game.
@george   i totally agree!  running females! @gene  how about running female stripper zombies?
the way a kickstarter should be run, great stretch goals and really well paced! congratulations on your success! =d can't wait to get my hands on this awesome kit and paint up a storm! xd
i know people have asked for a jason statham figure next. some have asked for michael jackson. i think that the next sculpt should be ....matt damon ala jason bourne
if they do add something else, i think adding a female runner model could be cool.
@zombicide if you keep on releasing promo figs, im going to just have to keep throwing money at you and damn i want to see zombie strippers ala zombieland opening sequence @ropya - i agree... however the sculpts and manufacture still takes time - it would be awesome though
stretch goal for 600k: you get to be an infantryman from ogre. bringing it all together
i expect they will ropya  cmint is a smart businessman
just signed up for abomination. here's hoping this game is as fun as everyone seems to think it will be.
if there's another stretch goal it should be to use the extra funds to try and release the expansion sooner. . my 2¢
@aje007: feed the trolls. it makes you feel better about pretending not to be a troll. take a walk on the side of attempting to get a game published. it's expensive, yes. add minis, yes, even more so. cmon does a lot of stuff in-house, from what i understand. from a business end, that makes a lot of financial sense, and good on them. they needed 20,000 to get them where they needed to print, what? 2,000 copies (a fair minimum for most manufacturers), but if they were doing the lion's share then perhaps 1,000, in house. now, they've got over 3,000 people, which in boardgame production terms is quite solid. if they were going out of house that would mean that they'd get a decent discount. so what does all this mean for those that are having so much fun doing the money-money count-down? well, they're not giving us anything that we're not paying for. do i believe that they're multimillionaires from this? no, that's ridiculous. but they are not paupering themselves. they're doing us a service and we are paying for it. that's all fair and good. regardless, if i don't like something, i'll say so. and if i see some person on their own high horse, lording over their opinion, then i'll stick my tongue out from my own high horse. just like yourself, a fellow troll--but in badly cured sheepskin.
don't add to the poor guys confusion. just add $40 and you'll be sent both versions of each character. assuming we reach $550k.   ; )
thanks.  just wanted to be sure.
"the optional minis are exactly that. if you want them, you have to pay for them. so yes, you'll need to add $40 if you want all 4." you mean if you want all 8 =) as they come with their zombie counterpart.
they've said that it should be out in august, but they put september just in case.
when is this game released? september or earlier?
the optional minis are exactly that. if you want them, you have to pay for them. so yes, you'll need to add $40 if you want all 4. don't forget to add shipping for each copy of the game you're buying if you are outside of the us.
@kai  yes you need to chuck in extra $40 for the promo figs
@kai the front page has the breakdown. 4 of the the figures (with their zombie counterparts) are optional, and you'll need to add $40 to get them all. everything in the top section comes with the $100 plus levels.
i'm confused.  if you go in the $100 level, are the extra people included?  or some of them?  or do you have throw in 30, now 40 dollars to get he complete set?
@(@_@) i hate to feed the trolls, but i do want to mention one thing. all this talk of cmon sitting on stacks of cash is complete cash is crap. each time they add a new "free" item, it gets exponentially more expensive for them. more figures means more pledges, which more people getting all of the figures, not just the one that was just announced. each jump they've made after 150k has probably not added that much to their profit because there is always more and more to produce. the goal for them is to increase exposure as much as possible, because as you can see from the exponential growth with the campaign, the more people who know, the more people who will know in the future. making a profit probable isn't the goal just yet. the exposure, plus the money for the sets they'll be selling in the fall is the key right now.
furry:  get toy plastic rabbit.  cut off head.  glue on zed head. taa daa!
most of them just won't ship until the expansion does.
@peter: yes.
the promo/a la carte figures come whether or not you buy the expansion, correct?
more like a down payment on expansion
get over it (@_@)
because tp samurai sucks wind.
@john: you keep playing that generosity pipe as soon as anyone shows any kind of dissent. this is a pre-sale. $10 for a fig is steep, but i'll do it because it saves me on shipping (and i'm assuming this is including shipping). the fact that i'm getting a zombie version "for free" (with stretch goal reached) softens the blow and makes the fig more reasonable. cmon will sit pretty for a year with my cash before they deliver on the bulk of the promos. i am glad that they are offering "free" stuff or "pre-order" stuff, and i am even more glad that their two ladies put us back on track as far as what we want.
oh, right i see, yeah, unlikely
no. $152,000. double what we made yesterday. but it looks like everything is slowing down now.
1600 new backers?! i guess it could be done...
@niranth thanks! and if i may make one more prediction - it is possible for us to double the pledges from yesterday. that's the new mini goal.
@aje007: not one of my predictions has been correct.
@aje007, happy birthday too!
@scott oh. i was right about that, but i was wrong about when we'd meet the last goal. this morning i said that'd we'd just be getting to $450,000 right now.
no stretch needed, zombicide has a life all of its own now!  where is that crossbow for the headshot when you need it!?
@niranth ooh. today's my birthday. i've never heard that one before!
@darsc: $285 here! but then look at all the goodies!
hmm it seems that a new stretch for 600k or 650k will be needed.
@aje007: when we'd reach the point when there were fewer 1000's left to 550k than hours to the end of the funding campaign
i haven't noticed it being said yet and sorry for crossing genres but  happy force day, may the forth be with you!
i'm still a bit dazed that i've ended up paying $250 for an $80 game. :o
it's a complete madness :) but hey, i'm glad i'm part of it !! congrats for the team and for every backer who made this a monument of board games on ks... zombicide rules !
for humor sake, make a cosplayer, or a furry... we all enjoy killing furries or watching them die. o.o
@ john drinkwater you might like dead set from the uk
@darsc zacal thanks. i'm really aware that i could get stung on import tax too (up to 20%), and could end up paying a lot. worth it, for sure, but if i have to pitch in shipping now i don't think i can get any extra minis :(
i was right about what?
with potential for a dozen survivors ... and the availability of additional game tiles so more ground space, i'm hoping c'mon will produce a balanced set of game rules for a massive 12 player game.  imagine an all day zombifest with a dozen people, beer and food !
aje007 was right then
grimreaper as a zombie ;p
yea, you could even add zoe from firefly if you wanted a tall, militant female soldier with a sawed off shotgun or assault rifle to the list. ************************ other female characters for inspiration:  river from firefly (youthful, axe wielding warrior)  santanico pandemonium from dusk til dawn (sultry dancer with a morning star or chain mace)  katniss everdeen from hunger games (athletic bow wielder)  laura croft from tomb raider (acrobat with dual firearms)  black widow from the avengers (female ninja with a chain or dual bladed brass knuckles)
we haven't done under $1000 per hour all week....cake walk.
we need at least 10000 every 10 hours.  no problem.
wow ... river of course !!  those reapers were soooo zombie !   great suggestion ... of course i am a committed firefly fanboi !
even though i'll be painting my mini's, i'd totally go for some translucent green zombies... and translucent green dice. maybe for the expansion. and as others have said, thanks to cmon and guillotine games for wading through all the spam here, to find and listen to our wishes and concerns. top notch job on providing us with more wimminfolk for our zombie hunting. thanks for listening to us guys!
whoa scott....don't get greedy!
@joshua: i bet they want a cover lithograph signed by edouard guiton too! :p
@ scott hill i know, but one is my absolute limit with the shipping cost. only one i'm feeling strongly towards anyway.
@matt hayler. correct. you add any shipping charges to your pledge. just make sure you pledged at abomination level.  if you want to add extras, just click the manage your pledge tab and add the amounts you want. cmon will be sending a survey out after kickstarter ends which you'll state what it is you want for your money.
you want a small token at the time of delivery? what about three promo minis, 4 extra fatties, 6 extra runners, 20 extra walkers, one abomination, 6 custom black dice, 6 glow in the dark dice, plastic stat trackers, a map and scenario editor, and a t-shirt. or is that not enough of a hand out?
hey, if you feel having an official "licensed" miniature from the webcomic that created the empire running the biggest pair of all-around gaming conventions in the u.s. and the huge child's play charity devalues your game, you shouldn't have any trouble finding someone who'll enthusiastically buy it from you.  they may not even care about zombicide. i personally don't care much for cts; but i certainly don't begrudge the pa fans their stretch reward - and gladly accept the insane amount of money they threw into this project, netting me the two newer figures.
other female characters for inspiration: river from firefly (youthful, axe wielding warrior) santanico pandemonium from dusk til dawn (sultry dancer with a morning star or chain mace) katniss everdeen from hunger games (athletic bow wielder) laura croft from tomb raider (acrobat with dual firearms) black widow from the avengers (female ninja with a chain or dual bladed brass knuckles)
@stephen ... i'm a late starter zombie fan ... just into season2 of the walking dead now! *blush*
@cory janzen and @scott hill - cheers guys. now just seeing if i can talk myself into another $10 for ivy or marvin...
again.... you are begging for more free stuff, after complaining about the free stuff they have already given. something about biting the hand that feeds comes to mind...not to mention you questioning their integrity more than once. and again, producing these things takes time. they stretch goals that come at the same time were planned i advance, and were  already prepared, or we're easily added by running more zombies. creating new content for such a huge response had to be difficult for them. offering it at all is beyond awesome of them. again, they had to give nothing, they gave a lot. why do you continue to fault them for their generousity?
three painted sets left ! .... buy these awesome works by aaron ... with the great future for zombicide, they will be valuable collectors items.
i would actually be down for an artbook containing sketches of zombies, survivors, and various other production materials. i really like this games style compared to other zombie games. i think it's part of what really sets it apart from other games.
@john: i already watched season 1 today!
back to watching the walking dead? thought it was in hiatus.  there's the ps3 game though
@matt: what scott said, but just so you know bumping your pledge to $130 won't let you get any of the extras since the cheapest is $10 beyond the pledge plus shipping.
my prediction of 3000 backers and $500k in pledges has been blown out of the water with 40 hours to go.  dare i say 5000 backers and $750k in pledges ... go cmon and zombicide.  meantime, back to watching the walking dead.
@ john drinkwater wirecutters  are the solution for the unloved cardboard tube samurai, and a sprue of reaper weapon bits
@matt hayler: yes, you include shipping now, not later
ebay is the solution for all the unloved cardboard tube samurai ... that will let the pennyarcade fans who missed out have some joy.  i still think it would be a great goodwill gesture by cmon to, when the ks closes, to give all the base sets purchases one final game enhancer.  i love the minis (i'm an amateur mini painter myself) and the fact that enough dice can be bought as optional extras for each player to have their own dice.  as a painter, love the fact that custom made battlefoams are available for those who want.  i understand how the stretch purpose is solely to generate more interest, more backers, more pledges.  i am grateful for yet another stretch reward despite being linked to an "optional" purchase.  if i was getting over half a million dollars when i asked for only $20,000 then i would be expanding the base set offer for the gamers.  benefits all ... not everyone is a mini fan.  nothing has been added to the base game set since $180k, all the subsequents are minis for expansion release. (awesome to see a planned earlier release in q1 2013 instead of q2).  ok, slap me down again for being a complainer and ingrate.  i am not being greedy for more freebies although you might think so - it's just a principled suggestion from one backer to cmon for a token thank you directly into the hands of the backers who are less excited about a flow of survivor/zombie miniatures.  a small token that is received in a tangible way at the time of the ks bundle, not at a future date.
well i originally planned on using the extra $20 that i tacked on to get the extra tile set but now it seems that will go towards the extra characters.   kinda bummed about that.
apologies for dumb question, new to this: do i pledge $125 to include shipping to uk, or $100 and then get billed for shipping later? (currently pledge $125, and if shipping gets charged later i'll bump up to $130 and get some more figures (so so not allowed to spend more than $130!)). thanks in advance for answer and grats to ga and cmon for the success!
radioactive pony with a cardboard tube horn. i will add 100.00 to my pledge...
i would have gadly accepted the radioactive translucent green zombies instead of the infamous ct samurai.
now we have room for the 600k stretch goal, radioactive translucent green zombies !!
you can have more than one icematt ;)
@matt zitron: you still here?
the sheer amount of free stuff with abomination made me dig a little deeper. now just to confirm which extra survivor (and possibly bonus zombie with that) i want.
he probably actually got us two more survivors (and soon zombies) on top as well
you realize that ct samurai got the game developers another 100-200k by the time everything is said and done for. you may never play with ct samurai but i think the zombicide team see him as pure unmitigated win made out of pure money.
hope it won't block the pipes with its suckness.
i think the point is that whether he sucks or not is kind of irrelevant, we're getting him (and his zombie form) anyway
@tony: pony indeed! i think more animals need to be mentioned. they will survive humans when we're gone (at least, according to "after humans") perhaps all these post apocalyptic games are too optimistic. they should just have bugs and such running around.
i'll flush tp samurai out!
get over it, tp samurai sucks (and by included one, i'm talking about the zombie versions--and, it'll be another 20 i throw on the fire, not 10).
they're cheaper than they will be, mark ;)
stop telling me about new tiles lol
dont understand all the complain about cts i like it! and im not that big of a penny arcade fan. but i think the character is nice!
tp samurai sucks! :-p
oh, let's just not start on about cts again!
@ (@_@)  tp samurai will never see the outside of his box!
the tiles will be available at 39,99$ when the game is released
i really dislike penny arcade and don't think their comic is funny...but i have no problem with cardboard tube samurai. do you know why? because i don't have to play with him!
@(@_@): included one?
@edward yes, when you paint the minis you want them on trays so their paint job doesn't get messed up
@edward it is a way to store all the miniatures, especially if you paint them...but nothing more than extra store solutions.
i don't know if this is a stupid question but what is the deal with the trays that they are selling for the miniatures? is it more for people who paint the miniatures?
@caudill, they say on the description that you get a discount by pledging for them on here, so i imagine they're available afterwards.
you said pony!
still whining about the cts? jesus...
so, we wanted more women and they give it to us. that's cool. would have rather had the requested figs before the cracked out tp samurai, but at this rate the included-one will happen. and i suppose i'll pony up another $10 for the other. tp samurai is so getting no love when he hits the table.
@cmon (or anyone else who may know for sure)... are the extra set of tiles going to be available at retail once the game officially releases? or are they kickstarter only? i've love to have an extra set, but i'm already in at $150 (abomination + 4 promos + white dice) and can't really afford more at this time, really, i couldnt afford any of the promos either but it was impossible to resist.
there is only 3500 people here as for video games they get advertised on tv so millions see it and want it i think someday you'll see zombicide in comic book stores and other places similar.
@ john drinkwater and if everyone writes just one scenario...
ya, i think it's quite a lot considering the market for selling boardgames is miniscule compared to videogames.
well done ... over $500k and well over 3000 backers.
is over 500k a lot of money  for a company to get while computer games get millions /
(you have to do some of the working out for yourself though)
@jonas: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/
we're increasing the pledge as fast as a zombie epidemic can spread.  do you have your shelves stocked with food?  are you ready for the outbreak?
look at kicktraq.com, you can figure most stuff from there.
hey.. could we get a graph of how the money has been rolling in, and when we achived the different stuff? :d
they didn't have to squeeze me hard to get that last $20 out of me.
@joshua at the very beginning my friens asked me "why this project is better than other zombie boardgames". nonetheless i went for abomination, and when it hit 100,000 it seemed really crazy, but now with half a million i actually can't beleive it 8)))
@ ninrath, yeah i noticed that last night sometime. when i pledged originally i believe i was the very first  abomination backer, back when nobody knew anything about that level of it and it was 1 extra mini for 25 bucks at the time
@scott between 1 and 2 hours
*here=there
a wonder at what point here will be fewer 1000's left before we hit 550k than hours to the end of the funding campaign...
@christopher lol best comment all day. and speaking of, we'll probably get there by the end of the day.
looks like when i wake up tomorrow we'll have 550+
501
congratulations on the half-million mark.  not only have you made and sold an awesome game, but i believe you've defined the template for launching a kickstarter out of nowhere and into the stratosphere.
wow, seriously congrats, guys!
@matt registered on cmon since 2003, so i'm on forum
@matt: i see the answer to my question is 'yes', and so my answer to yours is 'not yet, but i will be' :)
two new ladies equals twenty more bucks from me.  dear thor in asgard please let us hit 550k, because i want their undead versions, which, to be honest, make me wanna put the 'romantic' in necromantic.
@scott hill yep: http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
half a million, nice one. congrats cmon!
@matt: the cmon forums, d'u mean?
woohoo
@aje007 i'll see you there: http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
@matt what's the link again?
@joshua harris, did you see you moved up to third backer?
congratulations on half a million! happy to be party of this!
@joshua are you on the boards? same goes to the rest of you who i talk to here.
congratulations on half a million!
well done guillotine and coolminiornot!  1/2 million dollars.  testament to you guys.
and there goes half a million.
there it is
half a million!  congratulations cmon!! so 4,000 backers and $550,000 here we come.
sookie stackhouse for ivy? in season 4 she was kinda glamourous 8)
i maintain that this won't beat ogre.  but i'm now willing to affirm my long-held suspicion that it might *pass* ogre at some point before it closes.  that's still an absolutely awesome feat for an unknown game from a new company (guillotine games, not cmon). ogre take back any lost ground over its remaining days, though.
and then someone had triplets
499000 ps thanks scott
oooh! 499,000 exactly!
@sham, i believe they are stating you can purchase up to 3 max of each optional promo fig.
@sham: 3 of _each_
3 of each. i've got it 8) sorry for the stupid question
thanks scott, cory, yeah, i was thinking ivy looked angelina jolie-ish but couldn't place my finger on the film, but mr. and mrs. smith could make sense, i was imagining a white gown not a black gown. a disadvantage of line drawings i suppose. claudia seems a little more ambiguous. i dont mind that, though. i will say that these two additions have changed my decision of puchasing an additional jules... i mean marvin. (for now)
tank girl
"stick to 3 of each optional survivor max" what does it mean? there are 4 (four!) optional survivors^ eva martin ivy and the girl with chainsaw whatever her name is
and another $40 goes bye bye from my credit card...
girl w/o dragon tattoo from american remake
ivy is angelina jolie from mr/mrs smith. claudia could be rosario dawson from sin city, or there have been a few other suggestions.
@barret: look back in the comments from just after they were announced - there's a number of theories
furthermore, so stoked for this! even before pledging when it was just the game and 2 promo characters.
so are ivy and claudia just generic characters? i am missing the pop culture references if not, and i'm not one to miss a pop culture reference.
would just like to say a big thank you to the teams at cmon and guillotine, especially all those involved in the creative process, well done and good luck for the rest of the kickstarter.
not slowed as much as i thought then, cory
got about 2-3k less last hour over the one before it.
@brad: shame on you. ;-) you should be imprisoned, while asking useful questions ;-p
@brad: ask a stoopid one now then - it'll balance things out! :p
though, this is why kicktraq needs hourly graphs - i've a feeling it's slowed, but i'm not sure
@greg oh great, i'm going to have a lot of explaining to do. i can't go around getting caught asking useful questions.
that could well happen, cory
exactly, markus
still 6 hours left today, i think it'll be easy going today!
the 55k will be easy going tomorrow!
i can't believe 550k is only 55k away already!
@brad - yep, you've been caught asking a useful question. it's forever documented in the zombicide annals. :)
@cmon and everyone else who replied to my question. thanks a lot for your words! just upped my pledge $20!
@ coolminiornot who is the sculptor please?
@greg hey, that's me!!
just to be clear, that's 3 each of the optional survivors per abomination box you're getting.
looking at all this artwork ... i mean, yeah, sure, the whole walking dead thing, the unyielding hunger for human flesh, that's all crummy i'm sure.  but damn, gurl, you will never need to get your nails did ever again.  zombification is like, super-calcium.
they're gonna p' off a lot of people if you can only have three of them! (and i doubt they'll be p'ing anyone off)
@mark i think the post meant that you are only allowed 3 pledges per promo survivor. so you can order each of them only up to three times. this way cmon makes sure people won't order 100 evas and sell them on later
@matt, what i typed was clear in my head, but not so in print :p  so much for attempting to answer while running a fever!
@mark i remember seeing somewhere that c'mon said three each per game, so at the 190 pledge level, you can get a max of 24 extra figures (plus zombie versions!)
@jennifer letts - i was looking for the same information and the following probably applies to each of the add-on purchases ("fries"). three per abomination. i found this in update #24 comments. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/posts/216713 brad angel 6 days ago  is there a limit on how many evas you can purchase? coolminiornot 6 days ago  @brad 3x per abomination type pledge (otherwise postage gets crazy)
yes you can get all the options. just stick to 3 of each optional survivor max though, please.
phew, thanks guys
@mark you can get them all.  scouts on.  @cmon will corroborate! or email them above.
i can't see anything that says i can't and have pledged for them, but a comment lower down suggested otherwise. please don't make make me chose, it's like sophie's choice but with more kids....
@niranth, you can order 3 each of each i think.  but if you want one of each that's fine.
@ mark horneff  i think they mean 3 of each marvin, 3 of each ivy, etc.
@mark you can order them all.  i have.  and you get the zombies as well.
@mark, i think the limit of three is for each
can i order all the promo survivors, eva martin, claudia and ivy or only three of them?
already 100k pledged today
@cmon am i right in thinking you can only have 6 survivors in any game?
whoa! went to bed and it was still $40k from the cts goal, on its way to surpass half a mili for sure. how high can it go? seriously can't wait for this game.
@ sven, rossome & scott: we have dashboards for 9 of the survivors, actually. http://www.boardgamegeek.com/thread/795478/partial-rules-scenarios-and-hero-dashboards-skills
after 40 pages of scrolling: adam souza 4 days ago hey cmon, are marvin and eva exclusive to the kickstarter ? coolminiornot 4 days ago @adam they're not a ks exclusive, but they won't be generally available either. now to crawl on hands and knees and beg my much better half!
jesus, we're gonna blow right through 500k just a few hours after 450, aren't we? i bet cmon is wracking their brains for more stretch goals - make 'em work for it!
i think they said three per game, not sure if that changed based on there now being four of them...
wow, this project is amazing!  please can someone help me out, how many of the stretch figs (eva, martin, claudia, and ivy) can be purchased per game?  i recall seeing 3 allowed per game, but i am not sure any more...  thanks!  :)
@stang: i would imagine you'll be able to contact cmon - they're publishing the game - if needs be.
we've got our roots as an internet mail order company, so dealing with change in shipping address etc is not a huge problem. just make sure you let us know when we send out the "about to ship" update closer to the shipping time.
@jonathan: it's been implied that at least some might be available at shows and conventions, and so on, but they won't be on general release. however it's not completely clear if that applies to all the promo and optional figures or not. i reckon if you absolutely must have them it's best to get them now.
what if you move before the game gets sent out?  is there anyway to change the address the game will ship to?
zombie chaz rules: roll d6 to roundhouse kick zombies. on 1 or higher, attack is successful. zombies killed is equal to number on dice. if number rolled is higher than zombies on board, congratulations! you've wiped out the zombie plague and instantly win. also, you immediately grow a beard. with a fist behind it.
i can't keep buying new survivors. are they going to be available individually after the starter is over?
@frederik - yes. return to normal at will should be it
@ rossome & scott, we do have the abilitys for 4 survivors: http://guillotinegames.com/en/blog-goth-amy
... welp, there's another 20 bones surrendered to the maw. *listens to the nom-nom-nom sounds*
zombie chaz needs special rules, as well.
*17:32 bst on sunday, that is, incidentally.
rossome: with it being a cooperative game with scenario software, it would be incredibly easy to make custom character sheets for them, using existing abilities distributed differently, or making up new ones.  it's unlikely your opponents will object. that said, i'm confident they'll have their own, unique character sheets.  i expect their abilities will be shared with other characters, present or future.
promo and optional survivors will have interesting abilities but they are meant to be balanced against the regular survivors.  your game won't be missing anything if you don't have them.
@david: iirc, they strongly implied that eva, at the very least, would be limited, or at least not on general release.
i am all up for ivy... ...i can always do with another sniper. and if the sniper looks like that, even better. so i felt sad for claudia being left out and i get her as well. i think all the survivors have different special abilities although some of the skills may be there repeatly (i sure hope amy will not be the only medic).
@rossome: we don't know precise details, but each character in the base game has a different starting skill and skill progression tree - i expect the same will apply to the rest too.
i personally use vallejo paints with secret weapon and gw washes. vallejo and secret weapon pigments. i do airbrush work with above thinned down and vallejo air and badger freak flex.
so we're getting a lot of extra survivors. i'm on the fence about whether or not i want to get ivy and claudia though. do all these extra survivors (promo guys, the tarantino bunch, eagle, cts...) have special abilities or attributes in the game? or will they have the same attributes as the main set? i don't know if i want to plunk down an extra 20 bucks if these gals don't bring something new to the table.
yeah, if they sell them separately, they will likely go for about 15 to 20 bucks with the rules card and both survivor and zombie figure. all speculation of course...but yeah, the optionals i don't think are classified as exclusive, or even limited. correct me if i'm wrong.
lol @frederik: i predict it will happen at precisely 17:32 bst
;-) @frederik
have you guys looked at kicktraq lately?  we are *so* close to making the two lines intersect! (and therefore invalidating mathematics altogether)
@scott: you just cost me an extra $10.  ;)
@ bob z  they do fit in the box with the figures.
question on the foam inserts - do they fit in the box with all the bonus figures and boards, etc. - or will it just be something i need another box for?
@ray: get two, mod one!
also, don't forget, even if they are available later, you get the zombie versions 'free' this way. oh, actually, i think the one figure they did say something about was eva, so that implies it does apply to the optionals.
i love the ivy model but i also liked the idea someone had of making elvira, mistress of the dark as a mini... so i guess i'm modding up ivy!
hmm, i see what you mean, niranth. i guess it still comes down to the same thing though - do you absolutely want them?
@rick- possibly, but i think she'd be dressed more s&m and not in combat boots, fatigues, and tanktop...
@scott hill, i'm not certain they have made a distinction between promo figs and optional figs.  therein lies my question
sup guys, how's it going? just upped my pledge for the new promos and with this i'm off!! later!
@shawn: i can't see it not reaching 550k! it's 68k off and it increased by more than that today! (yesterday too, in fact)
.
hmm is it me or did we just los over 10.000 ?
*at shows...
i think claudia=rosario dawson from sin city, wish we had a color pic. upped my pledge to get both, and threw in an extra 5$ to help and say thanks...
@ninrath: they've implied that some will be available later (and shows and con's and the like) but not on general release - if you absolutely must have them, get them now.
just upped my pledge!  i hope we can hit 550!!!
@logan i was thinking of getting that set, it's on amazon for 39. thanks
@luke if that's the only thing you see missing then i should be good. thanks!
does anyone know if the optional figures will be available for purchase after the kickstarter campaign?  i'm stretched pretty thin and it would be easier to buy them later but ...
weird, it worked for me.  you can navigate there by going to paints & tools - paints sets & brushes - citadel hobby starter kit.
@ aje it could be very well that they will present the expension on kickstarter. just that i haven't seen any confirmation on it.
@logan url didn't work, redirects to homepage for gw
@joseph http://www.games-workshop.com/gws/catalog/productdetail.jsp… this is the most cost effective start paint set, gw has the best paints, p3 is a close second.
@luke you're awesome! i used to paint gw stuff back when i was younger but i want to do it as a weekend relaxation technique. i would love to enter a competition one day but right now i want to spend the amount of time it takes me to achieve what i'm thinking for each model vs just color and playing (which is what i did with my wh 40k models)
@ninian how bout the battlefoam trays? 40per set
i thought claudia resembled vasquez  from 'aliens.' http://www.trollkingdom.net/forum/imgcache/1381.imgcache.jpg she's got the combat boots and even the bandana in her hip pocket...just needs the giant m56 smart gun.
oh, and i don't plan to paint my figures do i didn't see a need for the battle foam.
for my own piece of mind, can someone verify my math? i'm wanting all the extras i can possibly get. i pledge at the 190 level for two copies, so i don't need the extra tiles or glow in the dark dice. i have 100 on top of that for two sets each of white dice, marvin, eva, claudia, and ivy. am i missing anything?
i didn't think i'd be contributing any more funds until i saw ivy and claudia. i have to say they are very well done. here's to hitting 550k before we reach the end!!
@ joseph, paint depends on how much you want to spend. are you a competition painter? do you plan spending 10+ hours on each model? branded mnis paints are gw p3 reaper and vallejo. i enter about 5/6 contests a year and win. what paints do i use? paints from hobby lobby because they are cheap. the apple barrel and anitas and americana brands have a huge variety. if you are a beginner and want to drop 60+ on just paint that will get you 12 colors at gw with tax. or you can get 18 times the ammount of paint in each bottle for around 1-2 dollars a bottle instead of 4 at gw. gw has a really easy color coded system with their new paint line so if you are on the fence and have a ton of cash to blow do it. otherwise id say find a hobby lobby and buy a color wheel for a few dollars. hobby lobby also has sales on paint and brushs every other week. a pricier alternative is joannes fabrics. i have been painting for about 15 years now. im not phenominal. but i can win with paints that are not "specially formulated for miniatures" my opinion is that the special formula is for the customer to pay crazy ammounts of money for very little product. plus if you are looking at painting all the models arriving in the abomination package you are going to have to double and possibly tripple up n a few colors. if you have a solid gw or p3 option id stick with gw. good luck!
@ sven, i'm hoping for that one too, as are more i guess.  but we still have almost 2 days to go, so we might get lucky. even hoping they tie a second copy to the the extra tile set, pushing me into buying it.
*there's be no reason for them not to do an expansion through kickstarter.
enough about stretches and pledges. when is the rulebook going to release??
it would be kinda counterproductive to give away stuff that will actually be in the expansion, as then either we wont buy it...or we will, and we'll have duplicates of all the free stuff we got for backing their project.
@almer there's be no reason for them not to do an expansion. it help to make sure we see it, plus adds exposure and manufacturing funds. that means that the first run of it will be cheaper to produce. as for new content, i expect the current main game characters will get zombified. it is also my current belief that it will be a 2 player expansion, with the cheerleader and football player as the 2 characters.
i get the distinct impression claudia is inspired by selena from 28 days later.
@cmon is there no chance of adding the special tile as an extra???
@david i see makes sense, thanks
@ joseph - the promo figures and their zombie counterparts will not be in the expansion....just the zombie versions of the 6 survivors from the core game, and addition zombie types, likely a new board or three, and rules to use the zombie survivors in the game.
@aje don't know wether they're doing a kickstarter for it. people suggested it, but i haven't seen any confirmation. there is going to be an expension q2 2013, although they try to push it to q1. rules for using the zombie versions will be in there. and they have mentioned new zombie types.
the expansion is additional content that they will be releasing during the second quarter of the fiscal year 2013.  (or during first part of next year, they said possible on some of those)
@cory i'm curious if they will have a kickstarter version of the expansion vs retail, if the expansion requires zombie versions of the survivors, it seems the 100+ contributors should have most, if not all of them. not to mention the extra pieces.
@joseph they're going to do a kickstarter for an expansion in january. when that finishes and ships, all of the newer figures from this will ship with it (q2, 2013)
paint the town type pledges - if you want an unpainted set, just add the appropriate amount.  we'll make sure the unpainted set gets shipped the same time as the rest, with the painted set following later!
well, slightly less than $20, in fact.
i don't think they've planned much of the expansion yet, certainly haven't released any details besides the fact that you can play as zombie versions of the survivors. but it's supposed to be out in q1/q2 2013.
@eric i'm confused as well about this expansion, details would be nice :)
$20, sorry.
@teik: is it really worth it? i'd save $10 on a $285 purchase!
maybe claudia is from columbiana!
@scott hill & any other uk pledgers, is it too late to organise a group buy? can we save on shared postage? just wondering if worthwhile.
@aje: i don't doubt we'll do it - we need less than it's increased by today!
i must of missed something....but, what expansion? everyone keeps saying all the promo characters and new people we just got are going to be released with the "expansion". what is it?
do you guys prefer gw or p3 paint? possibly another brand?
@andrew $130 does not get you all of the extra people. you have to be at $140, $10 for each of the bonus sets.
ya todd, me too. they just put some clothes on her, as i remember she had very little in the movie...
@todd that seems likely
i was thinking claudia was rosario dawson from sin city.
oh, and cts is from japan.
heh...2363% funded i've gone in for 130 so far, all extra characters. passing on tiles and others. if we somehow get to yet another stretch goal i might consider going for trays to help push. very happy to get more female characters. give us more females!
i assumed amy was asian...
we don't really have an asian survivor...bruce lee, jet li, or chou yun-fat would be awesome, or since we are short on females, michelle yeoh, lucy liu, jamie chung (suckerpunch), or ziyi zhang...man, im too slow, we already have two more females up for sale and zombie versions as a new stretch goal...we'll maybe we can see an asian hero in a future expansion....
we only need to average $2000 an hour until the end. we can do it!
ok i add new lades and white dice. i hope for 550k goal and extra zombies.
i'm super excited for this game. $170 for me currently. i'll get the foam later and having multiple of the same dice colors just doesn't do it for me. i've been pimping this game out on everything... here's hoping we get the new alt zombies!
hehe! "coolminiornot less than a minute ago  @scott i'll get you a bag. the answer is yes!" posted on the updates page. :d
upped my pledge to get the girls.  $195 all in.  jesus
@scott just signed uop as tom hoefle
@roland: you just pledge at paint the town then add the extra money on top. they'll ask you what it's for when this is all done.
you all are crazy! but i love it. (i'll stick to my $100 pledge though, thanks). these guys have enough money to seriously pump out another board game no problem if they wanted to. the gaming and board game community in general is awesome, and it's great to see the support given. i'm looking forward to more board games on kickstarter!
i don't know if this has been asked before.  is it possible to get abomination with all the nice extras in addition to paint the town? do i just have to add $100 + $15 (shipping for additional box)? if so, when will the unpainted box be shipped...together with the painted stuff in oct or earlier as a seperate package?
@cmon: need an answer to my question (it'll determine how much more money i'll vomit at you!): "just to clarify - if we buy both ivy and claudia, we get both zombie ivy and zombie claudia when it hits $550k, yes?"
@tom: you're on! you gonna be signing up to the cmon zombicide forums?
curious if doing a new pledge level for 1x abomination plus all the optional extra stuff available would make things a little easier, especially for people wanting one of everything. or 2 or 3 of everything!
i went for the white dice, the extra characters and the extra tiles=$170. the game already includes glow in the dark and black dice and i didn't think i needed the battlefoam trays.
ok...juat upped my pledge to $330 for two each of claudia and ivy so it's time to make a return trip to the blood bank to pay for all this. unless the $500,000 reward turns out to be a "naked nancy" figurine, i think i have reached my limit!
@scott than you have to invite me to a beer if i go for a con in good old england :) i atually was in reading a few years back when there was a uk gencon - but i came in late so couldnt see anything but the closure of the con
ahhh yes she does look like she's from mr. and mrs. smith.  "you still alive baby?"
i'm now at $230... survivor, marvi, eva and teh two new hotties...
@tom: probably not - firstly i don't have a valid passport, and secondly i've just blown my hobby budget for the next ten years on this! :p (that's a slight exaggeration)
@joseph, simple green can be your friend.  it is great for removing paint.
omg another 20$... it put me at 195$, white dice, all promo character, tiles...
can anyone recommend a good starter painting kit for these models? i'll probably pick up some similar material models to these to practice a bit before zombicide arrives.
@stephen iby-angelina jolie from mr. and mrs smith i assume
@stephen ..from mr. & mrs. smithmi believe.
@scott thats why i mused you wouldnt be :) and? coming to the essen fair this year?
@stephen: mr. and mrs. smith.
@tom: is scott a german name? and, no, i'm in the uk.
bloody hell!!  that's another $20 to cover the two new ladies.  that's $175 now (abomination, white dice and all the optional minis).  thank god this thing is nearly over, and i hope the box arrives while my wife is out...
ivy=angelina jolie from ...?
goals were made to be broken. and too top it off you have not one but two additional female survivors. nothing like getting your cake and maybe the chance to eat it too.
$20 more. this gunna sky rocket now
claudia = girl with a dragon tattoo?
@scott where are you  from? we could get together a great zombiegame im here with a big gamenboard plus another guy from munich, germany is also in it plus your set - that would be great - how about essen fair 2012 in my hotel if your not from germany as i assume by the name- they have one big room where all the players from the hotel meet and its not far from the fair itself - i even pay the first beer :))) thats in october 18th to 21th i think
yeah, that's true! i've read the 'last stretch' at least twice, now! we just keep over-wow-ing them with our awesomeness of needing extra survivors/things to buy/etc! :)
$20 more... wallet looking thin... i'm up to $150
@tony parker expansion due early next year.  it will come with zombie versions of all the base game survivors and rules for using them.  i am sure it will have quite a bit more then that as well :)
boom!  ivy and claudia are added!  nice concept art!
$270 for me now.  i reckon we'll hit the $550k mark no problem.
shut up and take my money
still must admit i'd rather have the promo tile in cardboard...
wow. i've been a backer for less then four hours, and i've seen the money raised increase by tens of thousands. what. and now i find there are two more characters i could purchase? hmm...
there goes another $20. oh well... $185 in total now.
@brian watzig they've got guillotine games page http://www.facebook.com/guillotinegames
i thought claudia looked a bit like starbuck from battlestar galactica, but with a chainsaw! $20 more to throw on the pile. *sigh*
just asked this on the updates page, but in case it doesn't get answered there: "@cmon: just to clarify - if we buy both ivy and claudia, we get both zombie ivy and zombie claudia when it hits $550k, yes?" (will post answer here if it does get answered there too)
whats this about a expansion?  :)
@tom hoefle cmon do in the update.  that said, i think this is the 3rd last stretch we have had ;)
here's $20 more. man i can't wait till the expansion. that's what? 9 new characters with their zombie counterparts as well as whatever comes with the expansion itself.
@tom: abomination level, all the extras with double dice, and shipping outside us.
@shanna who said thats the last stretch? :)))
@david: nope, listed near the top (text only), though the extras will probably be updated soon. see update #40
up goes my pledge another 20$ ... *sigh* ... now, 44 hours isn't even a full two days for a little less than 85k ... i so hope we get there! :)  great last stretch! :d
looks like claudia is zarana (from gi joe)....
oh snap! (that was the sound of my credit card breaking as i pulled it from my wallet too fast...)
on the extras where is the information for the ivy and claudia for $10 a piece? it that the picture of the two female zombies under marvin?
really don't care who the new survivors are.  the sculpts will be beautiful as the rest! who sculpted what?
hmm anyone know if they have a facebook page for this game?? i tried searching but couldn't find anything..
@285 ?? what are you getting brother? 2.000 dice or two times abomination with all the extras?
sigh, no jessica alba, but angelina jolie is good enough. from mr and mrs. smith, if im not mistaken. not sure who the other girl is.
cool more characters :)
*wince* i think i'll be upping to $285 shortly...
and by the way 2 paint the town are now open - but thats toooooo much for me
*completionist
damn those women...forcing the competitionist in me to back another $20 :p
im at 185 now with the international shipping plus 25% for toll and taxes - thts the game i spendt the most cash on since trading cards
hey cmon, are the optional items limited like the promotional minis?  sorry if this has already been answered but i could not find it.
damn... already upped my pledge twenty bucks for the two new girls and i haven't even seen them yet!!! sigh. i bet one is jessica alba, not sure about the other.
well just uped my plesdge to 160 to cover marvin, eva, ivy , claudie and more board parts. man i should just open a tab
@corey: they've only just been added to that list!
add $20for for ivy and claudia!
oh boy - i swore i wouldn't pull money out of my isa savings account - but now i'm seriously considering it!
ha, yeah there it is, i was looking farther down the page where it has would you like fries with that.
sorry - brian!
i see the details on marvin and eva, but did they ever post pictures on ivy and claudia?
@ bria - on the project home page listed under optional stuff.
in the bit near the top, where it lists (most of) what we'll get
i dont even know what ivy and claudia look like and im tempted to add 20 bucks.
im confused where is ivy and claudia listed?? i only saw marvin and eva
@almer: no that wasn't! damn! now i'm thinking one more black, one more white, one more glow-in-the-dark! damn you cmon! :p
aaargh 20 dollars more - wife will kill me - but hey than i could wind up as a zombie.....cool
@insomnimaniac i dont see link yet too, but is only info in project home optional staff. just name and price.
hmmmmm.... 2 more optional survivors.... can't wait to that next update....
@tom: cmon said as much in a comment a long while back.
@tom hoefle,  i can't find a link yet.  i've been searching like a madman!
@scott where did you read that , that the charactercards have blank templetes at their backs?
@tom: i also wouldn't be at all surprised if a fully blank character card becomes available for download as a pdf at some point.
optional stuff eva - $10     marvin - $10     ivy - $10     claudia - $10
btw, extra optional black dice set 10$ was that there already?
this is not going to end well for my wallet.
so how much for additional character cards? :))
is there a link to ivy and claudia?
@tom: the backs of the character cards are blank templates for exactly that purpose!
it'll probably be 600k, but i think we can get that... hopefully...
@cory their names have been added to the list of characters you can add for $10. no other info on them yet.
zombie ivy and zombie claudia @ 550k? (please not 600k!)
oh, under optionals... jebus, here goes my bank account... sigh.
how about empty characterbaorsd so we can add our own chars ( like ash = oakley from hasslefree minatures )
once i seen my daughter's name up front, i had to get her!
where do you see these new girls?
just keep pushing f5 guys and watch for update #40 i guess.
oh, god... gotta check bank account...
well spotted insomnimaniac!
hell yeah!
@insomnimaniac i was just about to ask the same thing.
i guess we got an update incoming :)
new minis on the home page?  who is ivy and claudia?  i can't find info on them?
wow fantastic ..so glad i backed this back before 100k just great to see all the extras . i'd love to see a m jackson from thriller survivor / zombie ....
@shawn, i giddy now even if they were done with adding stretch goals.  i've dealt with two or three little mom and pop companies that would be open making the sets pending approval from cmon and more importantly guillotine games.
d'oh! i borked that url! http://www.sarissa-precision.co.uk/store/cityblock28/
someone on the painting forums i'm on just posted this in the zombicide thread there, thought i'd pass it along: "3d buildings to add some depth to the board.... sarissa precision (http://www.sarissa-precision.co.uk/store/cityblock28/)"
well a new stretch goal would be nice.  need two this time.  525000 and 600000.  600000 maybe pushing it but a good character like jason statham could do it plus he would be a kick a** zombie.
@nirath  i suppose if you make enough tokens... the cost would be pretty low.   but.... i'll be happy with whatever comes up next!
we definitely need more weapons ... everything gets nicer with more weapons :d  maybe a promo card mini expansion for us lovely zombie nerds? gogo...satisfy our insatiable hunger for more promo stuff ;)
@scott thanks! missed that somehow (even though i've been a backer and following for ages!). love that they will have blanks on the back! :) a neat dice bag would be such a nice final stretch for this game! or that scenario tile, in cardboard! but, they've done so much, i'm happy with what i have!  (but i'm still thinking about those dice add-ons!). expansion: would love to see 'pets' and 'zombie pets' somehow incorporated! :)
@tom just like how liking a photo saves children in africa. @niranth just have those that are moved more frequently in a game like noise tokens and 1st player token be laser cut. makes them more durable anyway.
i thought that the tokens in laser-cut acrylic would be a cool after market thing but there are sooo many tokens: 24 advancement counters 4 cars tokens (police car and pimp mobile) 18 noise tokens 10 objective tokens 12 door tokens 6 zombie spawn tokens 1 "first player" token 1 exit point token
45 hours to go and i'm having second thoughts about my no extra tiles and no battlefoam policy. i want this to end before i add those $75 to my pledge.
hmm 4.619 people like it on facebook and 3.274 people pledged - minus the 208 people that pledged with others - i dont get it why like them game and not buy it?
just give us tiles... or maybe plastic sound markers while their at it with the plastic markers a few goals back.
zombicide is a kickstarter case history...
zombie fan vs. ogre fan??? i'm not sure that works. i will back both projects and if sjg makes another great extra, i will up my pledge. i don't even care which of the two is more successful. i mean it is unlikely that we will beat those guys: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/597507018/pebble-e-paper-watch-for-iphone-and-android… and they dont even use strech goals. is it bad? i don't think so.
he never said no more promo figs, he said no new zombie types.
i'm just hoping we get another stretch goal. i wonder if we will.
need an outrageous stretch goal, like $600k, we're blowing through them so fast, and ogre is still 75k ahead with 5 days more than zombicide, let's show em what zombie fans can do! no more promo figs, so how about velvet-lined boxes, :-d
so, figure we'll top 100k for the day? only need another 31k... we've gotten ~12/hr for the last two hours. that'd be pretty sweet/amazing.
@zavier: yeah, that's what i'm basing my assumption on
cmon ar ebound to make a rather high percentage of people happy with that
@scott they should have. look at that particular update and the pucture shown is the packaging art.
@niranth: true, maybe i'd would be a nice idea to add a few rather cheap items and combine them to a final strech goal (e.g. scenario rating platform, dice bag and the extra tile).
@al: they've said the extra tiles will be available retail, so i expect they'll come with their own packaging.
@ai i'll still fit them together and let the lid spill. that's how earth reborn packaged it and that's where i got the idea from.
i imagine it would be fairly easy to both share and rate scenarios on either the bgg forums, or the cmon forums.
well done everyone, especially guillotine games, and of course cmon!
a relatively cheap and easy goal would be a place to share and rate scenarios and maps.  after all, we unlocked the "downloadable map and scenario editor"
they need to call in the marines to deal with these zombies, lol
ah! adam! any chance of kicktraq getting hourly graphs?
my main concern with getting the extra tiles is fitting it all in the box! what are people's plans in that regards?
yay penny arcade exposure to push us up enough for the cts! http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/ i'd imagine with no additional stretch goals announced, the additional exposure will continue to propel the pledge trend even higher.
thanks for the prompt reply cmon :)
@cmon: 1. i always thought the litographs would be "print-on" signed. i never expected you to sign 3000+ copies. 2. i'm ok with that 3. great, is this something you will try generally or will this become a strech goal? 4. thanks, so are you. will there be another strech goal?
@scott yea i know how it works, and yea better start writing before i forget.  i'm just shock at how much more i'm throwing in for the extras since my first $100. . coughnewgoalcough did i just hear... new zombie types??? oooooh yeeeesss!!!!
i went ahead and updated for more tiles, i was hoping to hear some example scenarios with it but i guess i will just trust their are plans in the works.
sweet, expansion sooner! oh wait, that means i'll have to put more money into kickstarter sooner too... hmm...
4. right back at you cool stuff guys!
how about .mp3 soundtrack?  download off the cmon or guillotine games site for "registered owners only" or something.  doesn't have to be kickstarter only, in my opinion.  should be something that improves the game experience for everybody!
i play with myself enough as is, lol j/k .. then again i do have some family members that are big on steampunk, and even had a final fantasy themed wedding so i figure they'd play.
@david: yeah, at least the goal requests were all good humoured, the moaning about cts was uncalled for though
cool!  thanks cmon :)
just popping in, the comments scroll to fast to be useful in answering questions, but please echo on: 1. lithographs still signed 2. no stretch zombies, we're saving new zombie types for expansion. 3. moving up expansion hopefully to q1 (and related promo items from this kickstarter), but to be confirmed. 4. you are awesome.
@shanna: the backs of the character cards are blank templates, so you can create your own characters that way, also one of the goal rewards is a downloadable editor - not seen any definite detail on that, but i expect it will include options for customising a whole bunch of things.
its nice to see that the stretch goal reward complaints have died down...for a while there, i was embarrassed to be a part of this group.  i wouldn't be surprised if they stopped dropping any more rewards for us ungrateful comments posters...the cts is now officially ours....i'm not a huge fan of the penny arcade comic, though the few that i have read were pretty funny.  a few of my good friends are huge fans though, so i am stoked for them, and am thankful for all the pa backers that have joined the ranks recently! i agree that more zombies would be really cool...if not for a stretch goal, then as a later release....we need more alternate sculpts to get better variety for the hordes of walkers we are getting with this deal! female runner and fatty alts would be awesome too!
yeah, mine's been that way for sometime, zavier! if you're worried about whether you'll get 2x abomination and no extras - don't be - make sure you keep the reward you've selected at abomination, and then cmon will send out a survey after the campaign closes in which you'll be able to specify what extras you want.
i would even love 'blank' tiles added in (to make your own characters/stats/etc). just some cardboard templates! :)
child's play is its own movement, and pa does not want to leverage it, rightfully so, for other agendas, good, bad, political or otherwise. if you want to support child's play and do it with zombicide, consider running a tournament to raise funds or buying a crazy edition on here and auctioning it off or something.  of course you could always just donate to cp regardless of all this as well.
@digital: duty fees in general are unclear at this stage, but cmon have said that they will do everything they can to keep extra costs to a minimum.
i just up my pledge for the foams and now it stands at $220. went back to look at the levels and realised that  wtf... i paid more than 2x abomination after all the extras.
for sale or trade: one (1) cardboard tube samurai figure and one (1) cardboard tube samurai zombie figure. mint, untouched. available q2 2013. . :d
debating whether or not to get abomination * 2. does anyone know about duty fees when shipping to canada ?
with all the extras and add ons we have gotten are last streach goals should be more zombies
@tyler: i don't think that's been asked or explicitly answered, however, by my reading of what i've read, i believe some of the promo survivors (dave, el cholo, and nick) will ship when the main game ships. all the other promo survivors, and all the promo zombies, will ship at around the time the expansion comes out. but, the expansion will not be included with the zombie promos, it will have to be purchased seperately. cmon have hinted that the expansion might be on kickstarter.
if there is another goal, i still hope it's the cardboard version of the scenario tile. and if it's double sided, an extra one for those how bought the extra tile set.
keepem comin boys the zombie looks kickass
wonder if there will be one final $500000 or $550000 stretch goal? i reckon we would hit it too!
i would like to propose that the next stretch goal is something child´s play related, to show some more appreciation to the penny-arcade guys.
i did my $100 share...
@ tom howard  any plans to do rafm usx or more hasslefree?
woop! cardboard tune samurais for all (abominations!)
does cmon accept payment in arms and legs? imma gonna go get that chopper that us asian chinese use to chop ducks and chickens with.
has it already been answered here? when all the extras com out with the expansion will they also come with the expansion? is the expansion going to be here on kickstarter or is it something that will have to be purchased separately from the extras? thanks.
ya, it's for each level.
just a curiosity thing, but will they still be doing the signed cover lithographs for all levels (since it starts in the cheapest pledge, it should come in later pledges, but i never see it mentioned in the 'list'). that's going to be a lot of signatures ...
get them then zavier - as joshua said, you won't get them cheaper in the future!
@joshua i don't have the luxury of buying them later due to geographical issues. i actually thought of gambling by waiting for them to be on ks again when the expansion came about, but that's one hec of a gamble.  i have to stop eating 3 meals a day.
solo play was a big sell for me - i mean, i play single player computer games, and sometimes i feel like playing something other than a computer game, but playing a two player boardgame by yourself, now that is sad! so, at least when this baby ships, i'll have something to play! :d and no, i'm not a sad loner, well, i'm not sad all the time! :p
there is no way you will get them cheaper than the $15.00 offered here for international shipping on the foams. even shipping here in the us for a set of foams will be 10-15 bucks.
@scott i guess i should then. i'm crying over my sde models for not having them protected. such options are near impossible in my country unless i manually rap em with bubble rap.
*brian, even :p
@brain: you can play it solo!
mmm, cts... you will paint up wonderfully. cts zombie, you shall paint up disturbingly...
@brian its states u can play with only 1 player. not that i'm a sad loner. but sometimes due to shift work i'm all by myself. so that was something that helped win me over.
zaviero the foams will be available later from battlefoam they said. i will be buying them, i'm just going to wait to offset some of the expense, since i can't sleep in the box, when the wife kicks me out...although the foam would make a nice padding and i could sleep in the ogre box...
@joshua: does that include non-us shipping?
get them now zavier - though the trays will be available later they're bound to be more expensive - a sde foam kit goes for something like £50 iirc, for example.
bam - 450 - amazing! nice job, all - cts is gonna be awesome to have in the mix. what's next, oh lord, what's next!?
this game just seems sooo much better then any of the other zombie board games i've seen out there.. not sure who i'll play with, but i couldn't pass up not getting this even if it sits on my shelf and becomes a collectible years from now  .. can't wait
wow 450k $
@scott yea i plan to paint em. the extra shipping cost is killing me. i'm thinking of alternate transportation methods or be a lazy ass and get those foams.
woohoo!!!!!
did it!!!
we did it!!!!!!!! $450,000 ....3,200 backers!
i kind of thought cmon were being jerks for putting the samurai at 450k, but i didn't know it was going to explode over night.
i'm in at $250 now...two of everything but the tiles and extra glows.
i think we might hit the 550k mark
almost 450k! so quick!
i'm already in for $230 (all the extra's except the 2nd set of glow-in-the-darks, plus non-us shipping)
i'll get the battlefoam later myself. $80.00 is a bit over budget for me for the two sets of foams i would need and i can get them later. i might be persuaded for another stretch goal though...
cmon better be around watching this, cause we are getting there fast and we need moooore! haha.
i also upped today to $140 for extra tiles, eva and martin... abomination comes with 2 sets of dice, so i think i'm set there. but you may need more dice - add something on!!!
i'm in for 140, extra tiles, extra minis, and game.  worth it for the haul of minis alone.  gogo zombicide!
@zavier: are you going to paint the minis? if so, get the battlefoam, if not don't.
insane...
i just tacked on another 30.00....i'll figure out what to spend it on later...
still kicking myself around on the benefits of battlefoam... not sure if i should get em.
sooooo close!
just upped mine $20, i need marvin and eva.  might do another $20, cant decide if i would use the larger play field.
scraped enough together for 140$. i'm absolutely impressed. my friends are going to love this game. we already play my copy of zombies!!! plus expansions to death but we always wanted something a little more sophisticated. well... as sophisticated as zombie-survival gets.
@ryan: you need extra dice and tiles! ;) :p
@ropya yeah, i was the one who made the custom shaun character sheet, and it was done through photoshop. i have noticed some changes in the current character sheets, though. danger meter now starts at 0 instead of 1, card holders have rounded corners instead of sharp ones, etc. i'll be sure to update these things when the game's released.
upped my pledge to $120.  will consider upping it again for another stretch :d
well, in case any of them are looking at the comments right now: "this is what you get at an abomination ($100) level pledge! . base game - 71 miniatures etc 3 promo survivors and their zombie counterparts: 6 miniatures 4 additional fatties - 4 miniatures 6 additional runners - 6 miniatures 20 additional walkers - 20 miniatures 1 additional abomination - 1 miniature 1 eagle / zombie eagle - 2 miniatures 6 custom black dice 6 glow in the dark dice 1 t-shirt total 110 miniatures!  . . optional stuff . eva - $10 marvin - $10 white dice set - $10 glowing in the dark dice set - $15 (1 set included at abomination) duplicate tile set - $20 battlefoam trays - $40 to add optional items just increase your pledge the appropriate amount, and cmon will sort out the details after the kickstarter ends by sending you a survey."
and the average went down again. someone needs to make sure that all of these new backers know that there are extras to get for $10, $15, and $40.
i just want to say 13k in 1 hour!
@mark i came over from ogre, you move pieces around and say pew pew, then you win.  straight up my tanks vs your tanks and stuff.  i think i'll like it. i think i'd like this game as well, so i threw about the same money down. . can't we all just get along
@roypa: photoshop no doubt
i like that someone played that very smart! one of the earlier ship dater paint slots opened, so someone in on of the month delay slots swapped their pledge. well played nameless sniper!
still a paint the town slot open....
@ropya the power of photoshop
yeah, and i want to know what they used to make that shaun of the dead. looks damn nice.
@markus, the original game of ogre came out in 1977 i believe. so it has quite a cult following. i was back forth over backing it cuz i love wargames. but for the price, i can't get tide of iron and a couple expansions. same concept,  except with minis and not a box 2 feet by 2 feet weighing 16+ lbs. . that said, best of luck and congrats to ogre and its followers. just not for me i suppose.
bgg someone already made shaun of the dead... http://boardgamegeek.com/image/1302829/zombicide
yet another penny arcade shout out, announcing the stretch goal.  http://www.penny-arcade.com/ so the pace will probably stay strong.
@captain somebody actually already made a custom character. can't remember which forum i saw it on. i think it was bgg.
my webfu is strong....yet it is no match for the tube!!!!!!
doh! ninja'd by joshua... or is that cardboard tube samurai'd.
would be cool if they did a downloadable create-a-survivor. that way we could all create the survivors we want. personally i wanna see a post-apoc santa kick some zombie butt. got a suitable figure. just need the rules/card
500k stretch goal for an extra map board. that would be awesome.
@markus please don't shoot other games like that. you don't like it, don't back it. simple as that. less violence more peace man. don't start another troy case.
@tsini - here you go. http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
can anybody tell me why this crappy ogre game has such an sucess?  they are already above 520k and still 6 days to go!!!    there is nothing special at this game or?
$450k in prob the next few hours. is there anything to stop is backers? hopefully i wake up to a new goal like yesterday. . @joshua hope they have some ways to share the custom tiles files. still thinking how we going to print on standard size home printers.
yeah... so were hitting $450k tonight cts is ours.... let the demanding for more stretch goals commence.
7000$ to go for this shit cts trash guy !!! i hate him!
lol - we are just barreling toward 450k... fantastic.
over $10,000 in the last hour or so....
how about jessica nigri, she could go in the cosplay expansion set... but i want to see alba first!
with the map and scenario creator out there...i expect a flood of zombie movie recreations!
@zavier. yes. yes it does. that's along the lines i am thinking
jessica rulez! woody too. ;-))
@ tsini  http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
jessica alba on a cardboardtube pony!
does cmon have a forum? i would love to get involved in a zombicide community. where's the party headed?
@jerry how about this for a scenario. survivors need to look for twinkies in a convenience shop but it is full of zombies, with a fatty involved right from the start. either grab and go or clear them out. sound familiar? haha... gonna watch all the zombie movies and start recreating them.
while i do want woody harrelson as a character, i see a much more urgent need for jessica alba
not so in love with the dog concept but a scenario involving twinkies is certainly in my future
@jerry yea... and we can have twinkies as items. haha. neither did we see legend from i am legend. he has a dog man.
why has nothing from zombieland come out?  this would be a great figure for the final stretch?
@scott hey this is the development of a community. we shall migrate over to the forums once the ks is over.
we're getting off track... let's keep talking about jessica alba...
@tsini yea i realised a while back. can you imagine the number of pledge being added is faster than the post comment button
that's 'cos we're all sad, lonely, spammers, tsini :p
@cory: adam somebody - he was on here t'other day when everyone was saying how 'inaccurate' the 'predictions' were, and he was saying "they're not predictions, and they're not inaccurate!" or words to that effect.
has anyone noticed that even the number of comments hasn't caught up with the number of backers. and the comments are raging like wildfire!
oh yeah, jessica alba from sin city? that'd be awesome.
just under two days left, and i finally backed it. still a little skeptical, but i can tell this will be very different from my other zombie-themed games that i play (last night on earth, mall of horror, and chaos isle). i am officially excited! supporting two games on kickstarter is hurting my budget a bit, but zombicide and sentinels of the multiverse are worth eating only ramen for a month.
@scott: yeah, i wish they did hourly as well. i'm sure the guy has had requests for that before. i can't remember who does kicktraq or i'd suggest it to him again...
bikini cowgirl that kinda looks like jessica alba would be good.
yep mine also.  plasticrypt members were thankful i posted there too.
the reminder just came in 4 minutes ago.
i think most of that $7000 was in the last half-hour (since we hit the 48hr and 3000 backers marks)
*"i wish", that should be
and it's only just taking off, cory actually, i was kicktraq did hourly graphs - would much more informative
$7327 in the last hour. mighty impressive.
haha, ok, i'll second a bikini wearing cowgirl.... with leather chaps...
new backers are flooding in now - 1 every few seconds :d
@cory..  the bikini clad cowboy hat wearing survivor girl could top cts.... or bottom him depending on his preference and orientation... :)
sj
i think we should just leave the stretches alone, personally. i have a ton of stuff from them already. any other profit they get left over they're just going to throw into the expansion anyway, so i'm fine with that. also, how can one possibly top the cts?
550 would be nice
600k stretch...?
well, this ks actually got another callout from penny arcade today, so let's see how high we can soar. simply amazing.
actually my bet is backers slow during the weekend.  given a lot of people will be blowing money and 2 hours of there time at the movies this weekend.
9:45 am in phoenix az
oh, actually, you might be right - it's lunch time on the east coast, work-day's just started on the west coast - people both coasts will be getting their 48hr emails around about now
it's about 1pm on the east coast of the usa right now. figure most people are still at work.
that might be pushing it, chandler, well... when does the us wake up?
guys. stop and think for a minute. those numbers? they are insane.
one hour for next stretch reward?
woohoo 3000+ backers!
yeah, when i said "48hrs to go!!!!"
48 already happened before 3000
1!!!
1?
2!!
3!
48hrs to go!!!!
which will happen first 3000 backers or precisely 48hrs to go?
and now 5 again
make that 6
5 (backers 'till 3000)
i'm watching videos and i think vallejo's consistency fits my painting style the most. guess i'll be putting in for some of the game colour line when i give myself a good painting perch again. @joshua -- thanks for linking me the game colour sheet!
@andreas, actually, that stat has risen recently to almost 90% of backers pledging $100 or more!
so what is the 500k stretch goal?  ;)
@andreas, i like the 88% of backers pledge $100 or more stat to work with. its slightly more accurate yet lowballs it enough to be comfortable.
12 backers to go to the 3000 mark. on average will each backer spend 142 dollars. 500k or even 550 is not far fetched at the moment.
if anyone can access bbg, i know that they updated some things and asked for bug reports. i can't even access the main page! using firefox, i encountered a 502 bad gateway error. maybe someone would like to tell them?
this is ridiculous! lol! how high will it go?
@joshua: gw have a whole new range of paints now - foundations are no more, they've been replaced by 'bases' - the 'normal' paints are now 'layers' (and there's a bazillion of them) - they've changed 'washes' into 'shades', added 4 'glazes' (a bit like the old inks, but different), and now have the weirdest paint ever - 'dry' compounds for drybrushing that come already dried out (they have the consistency of mousse or angel-delight)!
kicktraq.com
do you guys have a preferred website to track kickstar trends.  i keep hearing people track numbers daily and get projections and i assume those are coming from somewhere
i forgot, i do use and like the andrea color sets! they are really quite nice for some hard colors in the highlighting and shadowing.
i do prefer the vallejo paints, both in coverage and ease of use, i prefer the dropper bottles and have access to them at the figure club meeting site. . i prefer the citadel metals and a few of their colors, but i don't like the new gw paints for several reasons. i do use some reaper paints and they seem to be a little thinner, which is really nice for layering if you don't like to add too much water with your paints. reaper paints are easy to purchase from several on line retailers. i have also been experiementing with some sonjo acrylics that some of the top dollar figure painters use that i'm warming up to.
about an hour or so before the 48 hour emails go out... i expect to hit 3,000 backers quite soon...
anyone else have the tune for "100 bottles of beer" going through their head as they watch the backers approach 3,000?
@joshua - i'm holding out for the handles on the side so with four large men to carry it around, ark of the covenant-style ...
speaking of paints...i can't believe there is an ope "paint the town" slot! time to get my wife on the street corner earning some extra cash...
chaz (chuck norris) is going to be in expendables 2.  haven't seen him in a long time in anything.
@brad, the next stretch goal for ogre will be your choice of a back brace and a pallet jack, or a team of sherpas for the "travel" version...
really amazing. i watch this since day two or three. its a thriller and i cant believe it will end on sunday...
survivor steve jackson wielding the ogre box as a weapon sucks.  i mean, suspension of disbelief, here, guys.  zombies, ok.  actually swinging that box over your head?  pfffffffft ...
reaper does make good paints. the only reason i went vallejo was the game color range matching the gw color line that i had used for so long. games workshop foundation line is really good for base coats, very pigment  heavy stuff, but they are very expensive and the bottle seem designed to dry out an waste paint.
@joshua, i've done the same but from vallejo to reaper ms.  for a person new to the hobby with a large number of minis to paint, i'd lean towards the new gw paints.they are made for painting large armies in a hurry and can still be used to for a show piece.  but the dropper bottles are so much better than flip-top pots!
@aje007: i imagine it's just cause there are not as many paint the town pledges being taken. i figure almost all pledgers are taking the abom + at least the two other figures.
fyi, that link i posted was for one of their flyers for the game color range, it has color conversion charts for reaper, rackham, citadel, etc.
now i really believe we will see the $500k
vallejo. i'll take a look to see if we have a supplier of that here. in asia, we sort of just take what we can get...
@cory i know. just noticing.
vallejo paints. the bottles have twice as much paint as the citadel ones, the dropper bottles prevent paint from drying in the lids and help with repeatable mixing ratios, and they even have an entire range that basically matched gw's colors. (it's the game color range) i used games workshop paints for nearly 20 years...i tried vallejo last year, and never went back. http://www.acrylicosvallejo.com/pdf_web/cc072-rev07.pdf
only by two dollars. not a huge loss per pledger.
we're gaining so many new people the average pledge per person went down over the last two days.
no, i really don't think there should be a sjg anything going on. all that cash for ogre and they still can't put a decent miniature in the game? hmm, i have $100. i'll put it in zombicide and get a ton of minis and a game with some nifty-cool mechanics that look like they'll be really cool (thank you, video)... or, i'll buy a (admittedly) classic game... with 3d cardboard tokens and... basically... it's bigger than the original. things that make you go hmm? well, you don't need to be a brainless zombie to see which is the better deal: zombicide. and, seriously, that many people really want ogre? are you kidding? break it down, folks: it's cardboard. that's not nostalgia, that's crazy.
vallejo game color or reaper's propaints or master series.  although if you're just starting out, there's nothing wrong with going to michaels or wal-mart and snagging the cheap $0.88 craft paints in a dozen colors or so to get a feel for it.  it's not *as* good, but you'll get some decent results.  one good way to save money is don't get every color you'll need, just one or two of each color you need (a light and dark) and then use what you learned back in art class regarding mixing colors (pure black and pure white are your friends). i have well over a hundred paints, maybe two hundred, but i don't use many of them often.  in hindsight, given the experience i've gained, there isn't much i couldn't do with just 30 paints or so.  if you go that route, and you mix a color you like, just be sure you're writing down the recipe you used to get it so you can use it again later, especially if you're working in batches on a large group, like say batches of 10 to get all the zombies in zombicide done. i hope that's at least somewhat helpful.  there's dozens of great tutorials on getting started with mini painting, cmon hosts a lot of them actually.
zombie steve jobs. he can revolutionise the way zombies eat people.
@air805: hmmm, since i'll be mixing new palettes and not retouching any of my old figures, i think having to learn new colours won't be so bad. hopefully, haha.
zombie steve jackson sound like a terrible idea.
my main experience in switching lines is that some are a little more liquid than others, and that trying to match colors between lines is pretty hard.
@david i see your point. probably cmon got tired of updating the stretch goal twice and totally went "screw this, we'll lump the two goals together given how this is going"
i've been painting with citadel paints my whole life, but the area i live in now has them in short supply. p3 is everywhere, though. how's your experience with p3 as compared to citadel?
thanks air805 will do.
yeah next stretch award should be survivor steve jackson wielding the ogre box as a weapon.  have you seen that thing,  you could totally kill a zombie with that thing
billy, most folks paint with acrylics and there are several great lines of paint out there for these figures. vallejo, citadel, reaper, p3 are all paint lines that you could use for your zombies. you can check out cool mini store to get an idea under the merchandise paint section.
adam, this both versions per each boxed games means only the pledge levels which already get two vomplete sets of game. starting with 2 games for 190$ level, the get also two complete sets of promos and all other bonus content. for 280$ you get three complete games and 3 sets ...... for the 100 abomination level you still get one set of all promos and theoi zombie counterparts but not a complete second boxed game including all these content!!!
hey zavier - your right it covered both - but it was still a jump of $90,000 - which was my point.
@billy:  going to almost any hobby shop or store that sells warhammer and you'll find some options.
@adam, it wasn't bad reading, it was all the awesome rays blinding your vision...
d'oh i can't read today. i really can't.
@billy: i don't understand your question. if you want a colour scheme, you can use the art in front of the box.
i'm new to the painting part of the game what is a good paint for these little guys and also free stuff is always good no matter what it is.
the increment is 90k because it covered the zonbie version too.
hey adam, don't think you get a second copy free.
@adam, what they are saying is that you will get a copy for each box game you pledged. like i am at the survivor level,  so i will get two cts sets. once for each game.
no, survivor steve jackson should just be covered in weapons. dual wield halberds, slung machineguns, holsters and ammo belts all over, a stack of grenades at his feet, full riot gear, a true power munchkin....
hey chris, considering that stretches used to be in increments of 10, 20, 30,40 thousand the last one was 90,000, this is likely the last stretch.
andrew from their full description of cardboard tube samurai: this is the official penny arcade cardboard tube samurai: zombicide edition, and his counterpart, the zombie cardboard tube samurai. if we hit this stretch, everyone who pledges abomination and above ($100) will receive both versions for each boxed game!  ships together with the zombie promo survivors (est q2 2013). this is the most important bit: if we hit this stretch, everyone who pledges abomination and above ($100) will receive both versions for each boxed game!
survivor steve jackson would be awesome!
@adam: a second copy of the game for abomination-level? i'm not sure about that. i think the stretch description was talking about getting two versions of the cts miniature - cts and zombie cts. of course, i wouldn't argue with a second copy of the game!
good morning people! less than 2 hours 'till crazy explosion time. we should hit the samurai in 8-9 hours.
i think the survivor steve jackson should be armed with an enormous game box that's heavy enough to smash zombies.  or maybe a waist high stack of sharp-edged press-out card stock with which to decapitate the undead.
you are missing the question: will we hit 450k early enough to get a 500k stretch?
ooor, a radioactive pony with a cardboardtube unicorn horn riding steve jackson?
radioactive pony with a cardboardtube unicorn horn being ridden by steve jackson? special power: automatic win.
@ (@_@),  you finally get it! welcome aboard the happy train for fun folks! we have cookies!
perhaps you should buy some stock in scotties if you think the price of tp is going to go up... i'm pretty sure the radioactive ponies and munchkins are quite the joke though. i'd definitely roll my eyes if that happened. though riding a radioactive pony into battle against a zombie horde would be pretty sweet.
marcus! i think you meant to say that pa was the "biggest shiznit!" because here it is! months after i first checked it out, and moved on! stock in tp rolls has gone up. speculation on future expansions for the game are popping up radioactive ponies and talk of sjg bringing on some of his munchkins. human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together... mass hysteria! who knew that there was so much magical power in tp? apparently, i haven't been appreciating it correctly!
@titangames, i think a lead pipe is the way to go for conversion ease...or preferably, embrace the awesome of the magical cardboard tube! it's magic!
they must have seen all the comments about how crappy the stretch rewards were and dropped to the lower pledge... (sorry, couldn't resist one more joke about all the complainers.)
markus: did you pledge at the abomination level? if we, as a community of backers, hit the goal you receive an entire second copy of the game. if you don't like it, then sell it. you do not have to play as the cardboard tube samurai, just as i don't have to play as chuck norris.
i don't think it will be too hard to convert the cardboard roll dude.  could easily be made to look like a lacquered samurai sword sheath.
i think most of them know what they're missing.
suggestion: make the next stretch goal apply to "fatty": they're already going to be quite sad when they realize everything they've missed!
get breakfast? my side of the world is sleepiing... haha
@christophe: yes, i think you are right. but i have taste ;-) and believe me that penny arcade is thrown out money and not more then shit! ;-)
@ scott hill  good morning. no i ocd check too.
@cory: yeah, i know! :rolleyes: speaking of which i really need to go to the shops, to buy milk, so i can have breakfast! :p
markus, i think it is both mean and wrong. maybe that is not your taste, but i did not know either, and went to check. it is a special humour, and i do not get everything, but i think it is well done.
wow and the 1500 pledge backer is back in again ;-)
if you're looking for 1st responder zombies (and survivors) http://kingzombie.com has a great line, too. (full disclosure: i produce the line and think they're pretty great.)
what i think is very stupid is the fact of think that there is nothing deadlier than a cardboard tube. this whole idea is ........
i think what he's saying is after this kickstarter is done all our lives can get back to normal. it's fun watching this 24/7, but i could probably be spending my time worrying about other things. :p
@scott, i am spending way too much time watching the numbers grow and reading the comments.
@ninrath: what are you implying by that?! :p
also @jc: yeah, i have! i still have to keep checking just in case! :p
@jc: i'm not talking about actually changing one's pledge (which i've also done a couple of times as the optional extras came in), i'm talking about just clicking to see that the number is definitely what you thought it was, and then checking the costs to make sure that amount will definitely cover all the goodies you want.
i just checked out this penny arcade stuff and homepage. please all do not get me wrong, i do not argue about this free figure, if we reach the 450k goal. but i need to say this cardboard samurai crap is really for the trash. if it would be a samurai sword or something similar, would be ok. i am also a guy who is always for crazy funny ideas, butt this whole penny arcade stuff and the comics there, are really the biggest shit i have ever seen, and i can tell you i have seen very much things and crap.
@scott, just did it for the first time because of your comment.  now i need to go get a life!
@scott, a piece of advice. if you have gotten extras, better note it down somewhere as to not forget when the survey will come
@scott i changed my pledge 6 times already
i have done it a few times, scott.
does anyone else keep on clicking 'manage your pledge' just to check that your pledge total absolutely definitely is the correct amount for what you want (and going back and adding the costs up for the umpteenth time), or is it just me?
hasslefree mini's do a whole range zombies and zombie killers, and they're all awesome! (and, no, i don't work for hasslefree, i do however really like their minis!)
not going to lie, having kermit drawn in real life for this game would be amazing. but honestly, i'd probably pretend he was glenn. which just makes me want some chrono trigger figures now...
@jeff: well if everything is a question of being realistic or not then throw in kermit and miss pig too.
@jeff there is a good shaun mini here - http://www.hfminis.co.uk/shop… at the same scale
@christopher: yes i would. did you not know that a concentration of undead form a critical mass that interupts with magical flows in dimensions 5, 7 and 13a? therefore a magical weapon in dimensions 1-4 could appear and work like an ordinary cardboard tube. however, lead is lead is lead
ok, my comment was a little strong, but i still think we are being a little ungrateful for what is essentially free stuff . . . . .i also see what some of you mean about the character does not feel right for the setting, but then again it’s a zombie game, how much “realism” does that warrant?  i would have loved to see shaun of the dead, but i see the attraction for penny arcade folks to have a character so i’m good with that.  there is a little something for everyone at this point.  hope you all have a good one watching the totals rise.
hmm... you're right, michael, the pledge total has gone down! has someone backed out of a paint the town, maybe?
steve jackson zombie would be a nice addition.
@sven: you'd rather be armed with a mundane metal pipe than a magical weapon of utter destruction?
i've never met mr jackson, but from what i know about him, what i've seen of him on videos, what i read of stuff he's written, etc, etc, i reckon he'd be well up for sj/zombie-sj!
@sven: wanda does not come into play with a chainsaw, as ned does not have a sniper riffle right in the begining. only the cop do have a gun to begin with (as i know) and machette have 2 machettes. equipment has to be found/assemble. if a character does have a chainsaw, yes it produces noise counter when it attacks or when it opens door. but wand does not have any bonuses/maluses with a chainsaw. it is just fun designed pawns.
@ joshua: i think the pa fan coming back from a convention and having changed the cardpoard tube for a pipe might just do it.
ya, someone just dropped a paint the town.
hmm when i just refreshed the page, pledges went down almost 1k.  guys the figure is no reason to back out of your pledges.  the comments on here is no reason to back out of your pledges.  something about this offer enticed you, just remember that for only 51 more hours and we will all get through this.
and we got all we came for and then some
i've met steve jackson quite a few times...he would make an excellent zombie!
@scott: funny i was also thinking (well fearing) a munchkin survivor. i'd rather have a sj-type character but i am not sure steve would be comfortable with that. in addition, i don't think we should speculate about the next strech. see where it got us last time - lots of expectations and just as much disappointment. however, i still hope for the extra tile, but i do not thinkit would be a appropriate final final 'final strech goal'.
also, zombie munchkin eh? that could be interesting. might be easier to just do a zombie steve jackson.
@sven....yeah, that's to keep his hair dry in the shower....since he is in his pajamas..... ummm... okay, i got nothing for the hat in my "pajama guy with a pipe" scenario.
i think that we should thank c'mon for the rollercoaster ride the first 340000$ and now let the pa people get their ride. so why dont all of us that complains and speak out in negative tones just button up and let the others enjoy since we had our turn! :)
i'm still hoping that there is another goal, this one a cosplay female barbarian in a chainmail bikini done with a nod to john kovliac and sj games.
zombie ponies in the expansion? that's ridiculous. i want fricken zombie sharks with laser beams attached to their heads. the expansion, then, will clearly have to be at the aquarium.
@joshua: right and a far eastern straw hat for good measure.
@john, i was not poking sticks, but if quoting you back to yourself is insulting, then we have a far larger problem at hand... regardless, you still fail to address the difference between complaining about a reward, and questioning someone's integrity. now, back on topic, will there be zombie ponies in the expansion?
how about, rather than moaning about the current stretch goal we go back to speculating about the next one (and, yeah, i reckon there will be another one). ok, i reckon we'll see 500k reward, and as we got cts as a thank you to penny arcade, i reckon we'll also get a thank you to steve jackson - after all, he (or someone from the ogre campaign team) did mention zombicide on the ogre project page. and that's got to have sent some scuttling over here. so what will it be? munchkin/zombie munchkin? maybe even steve jackson/zombie steve jackson?!
@cory & gavin: good suggestion. maybe this could work, providing his stats and abilities work with that.
btw .. does wanda drop a noise token when she fires up her chainsaw ?
@sven, i get you, and thanks for not getting offended by my joking comment. just paint that tube in rusty silver...and poof. guy in pajamas with a lead pipe!
@joshua, i thought you were the one that offered a truce and no longer "poke sticks" ... all i am doing is offering my opinion, now you come here and attack me directly again?  this comments forums has become distracted by personalities.   if you don't like my opinion (and its not the only one that expresses some perturbation about the last stretch) thats okay, but it doesn't have to be the topic of discussion for too long ... i withdraw to allow those better than i continue the conversation - i bid you a good day.
the cardboard tube is a mythical magical cardboard tube which gabe found in a trashbin one day and eventually found its way into the hands of the cts. but if you refuse a joke survivor as cannon, then just paint it as a metal tube. he could surely beat on zombies like that.
sven, john... see that? i tried that level-headed argument thing right at first and it just flies by like scenery. roll the eyes and stick to your guns: the fig, like the zombie apocalypse, is coming. and tp roll samurai = zombie food! he's to be the npc that dies, accompanied by the others giggling at his agonized screams over his ineffectual armament. i will place him in the middle of every scenario, kicking out noise counters: "help me! i'm completely impotent!" "i'm only armed with tp rolls!" "for the love of all that's holy, someone give me a real weapon!"
for those unhappy with the cts just use him as someone who has come out of a stick based martial arts session. that's no more unusual then any of the others (and less so then some)
that being said.... i can't wait to set up at the local conventions this fall, and run team tournaments using my "team competition variant!"
@john: he's talking about the expansion. they'll obviously have to sculpt new minis and get new moulds for that. @christopher: i'm excited as hell!
@joshua: do you know the physics of delivering two burgers, extra fries and a supersize coke on a tiny tray to the customer on the far end of the restaurant? i am sure wanda is experienced and knows when to step on the breaks and the chain is very very sharp  ;-) anyway, i make myself believe that she could do it since she is the achetypical waitress with the archtypical zombie weapon. pa boy however i do not know at all (can he do karate? is the cardboard tube only show?) but i cannot take the cardboard tube serious as a weapon.
@john, you lost "friendly banter" when you said you questioned their credibility. being vocal about not liking a stretch goal is one thing, but questioning someones honor in the face of their generosity is out of line.
am i really the only one excited as hell to be able to play gabe, even moreso than chuck?
maybe a bloated zombie? when he dies he explodes in a cloud of poisonous gas, so you don't want to shoot him when he's on the same square as you? or armoured swat team zombies. that'd be cool to paint up.
good suggestion fulvio, but unfortunately the sculpting of a mini and making its moulds (is that spelt right !?) is quite expensive.  sort of defeats the purpose of the project, and the latest stretch was a callout for the support we got from pennyarcade. there was a massive increase in pledges and backers after their article supporting both zombicide and ogre.
i would like to have a new überzombie for the expansion.
@sven, so, a karate kid is more out of line than a girl on roller skates with a chainsaw? do you understand the physic involved of firing up a chainsaw without a solid base? she'd cut her own face off the first time it kicked back.
someone pointed (very) earlier that cts might just have a metal stick, not an actual cardboard roll. i know the concept is not showing that, but the sculpt may. and i do not think eva has a samurai touch. emy does not. having a katana is not enough. and why is there no fire axe along?
@joshua: after my last rant i think i've decided we need to take back the comments page. make it a happy place full of rainbows and unicorns and, well, zombies. that being said, let's talk about the expansion. what kind of stuff do you think will be in there? i'm guessing probably another 3 or 4 tiles, at least 2 new survivors (the i am legend people from here) and the six zombie survivors from the first game. maybe they'll even introduce a new zombie type.
cmon could offer an alternate miniature for this stretch level. we could choose the one we want and everybody would be happy.
@joshua .. i apologise for making this comments section such a stressful place for you.  i am sorry you did not take all this with the friendly banter it was intended.  im sad you have taken this all so seriously.  if i was that upset, i would have cancelled my (substantial) pledge. lets all stay cool and civil here hey ?
@shawn: i agree, if there was such a expansion, then cts would fit right in and i'd be happy to give him a try.
@sven: couldn't agree more. the silly samurai miniature just doesn't fit.
@shawn: you could have con going classics like fat guy in stormtrooper armour, and girl in slave leia costume. it'd be sweet.
@john, seriously man? i can't believe the amount of disrespect this is showing cmon. you have been complaining about stretch goals since yesterday, and it seems more ludicrous each time. you have even directly insulted them by questioning their credibility! you are complaining about free, non compulsory, gifts!?!?!?!? this is why i'm not a businessman i guess, because if my integrity was questioned and my free gifts were complained about so loudly, i'd gladly show you where the door was, and ask you not to complain about the color the door is painted on your way out. the comments section was such a happy place up until wednesday...
you know what would be a great addition to cts, a con expansion.  have all of the survivors be con-going archetypes.   some cosplay guys/gals, a frazzled vender, confused hotel staff, pizza delivery guy. etc. it's a zombie game and it's supposed to be fun.  going from what i can tell about the mechanics, this could be a really fun & campy game or a very "serious" survival game depending on how the cards are made and the flavor text. i would also like to thank cmon for all of the free stuff.  it's very cool and greatly appreciated.
@jeff & jason, i agree that the tone of complaints is not always appropriate. however, i believe it is ok to voice one's opinion about the strech goal. some of us have been following this project and everytime cmon announced a new strech or a new extras we went wow, nice idea (or great idea, or ultimate idea). even if i did not buy all the extras and i do not need all the streches (e.g. the scenario editor) i was always able to appreciate those as nice items that some people might want, that i could try them out eventually and that it could add to gameplay. however, the new strech character is so out of line with the others, that i will not try him out, since it does not make sense to have dave throwing molotov cocktails, wanda using a chainsaw ans the other guy running around with a cardboard tube. as i said before, i don't mind him as a strech and i can see why they did it, but somehow the whole ks campaign has a completely different level of anticipation. during chaz we where sitting here and going: "will we get him, we have to, will we, yeeeeeesssss! we've got him". now it is more like: "wow, the numbers rise, more, crazy" and in a few hours: "ok, there he is - maybe maybe maybe there is another strech, maybe it is exciting..." i hope you see what i mean, and since the ks experience is part of the excitement of being a backer, it is not surprising that quiet a few people feel down and complain about the strech.
@jason @jeff ... try not to take us too seriously, if we were making a serious complaint we wouldn't be here, we'd simply cancel our reduce our pledge.  we are just commenting about the "out of left field" appearance of a non-archetype survivor model after a few fairly typical, and with the last being a chuck norris model survivor/zombie pair.   all of us chuck norris fans are a little peeved that he wasn't given ultimate status and a cardboard tube samurai got top billing !! btw - we already had a samurai style figurine with eva (kill bill main character) no one is unappreciative of the freebie ... just caught by surprise.  cmon has got this stretch going as one of the most controversial, perhaps in direct competition with ogre. finally, i've been trawling facebook for zombie relevant pages and promoting (rather blatantly) zombicide and putting in the kickstarter link. still betting on over $500k for the final pledge total !!
sigh, think of it this way. if you got all the other figures that will give you 13 survivors including cts. there is no way you need that many in the game, so just don't play with cts, pretend they just gave you a pretty sculpture and go on your merry way. cmon were trying to be nice and give something back to a certain community which helped boost up sales, so is it for everyone? no, but not all of the other characters are anyway. personally i think wanda is kind of a silly character. when everyone else is being all serious and shooting at the zombies she's running around with rollerskates and a chainsaw? kind of a dumb plan if you want to kill zombies. but that's fine, can't please anyone. the point is the pa boys have been watching this forum and all they're going to see is a bunch of douchey adolescents mocking what they and cmon obviously thought would be a cool survivor. and it goes beyond people just not liking it, some of the comments on here are just ridiculous/inappropriate. it's a free figure, we're probably going to get it, live with it and stop the incessant whining.  and now my rant is done.
who's complaining about free stuff? i personally plan to punk out that new stretch goal fig at every opportunity. somebody has to die. it is a zombie game. of course mad thanks to cmon to all the free stuff. come on, freaky hater people. "we" aren't ingrates. but of course toilet paper roll samurai isn't cool to some. like to me. and others. so. get. over. yourselves. right. back. at. ya! ~(>,<)~ relax, dudes.
@sven: no sign so far (here at least). thing is chaz' sketch was currently available for some time, so the probability of disappointment was not that high. the surprise itself was more about "when will he be available", along with cmon saying he was not ready beacause no zombie version of him was drawn (how can someone imagine chaz as a zombie? that still amaze me). toilet roll guy comes out by surprise and caught us totally out of guard. some may take time to adjust to the flavour. (which is the way samurais do, don't they? or is it ninjas?)
@zavier the taco bell was a combination taco bell long john silvers and was the same level as a movie theatre... it was only a couple blocks from leisurecraft. with all of the great food in singapore i would eat at taco bell...
apparently i can't spell cmon!!!  oh well . . . .
sorry, but it sickens me that some of you are ticked off you are getting something free that was not the something free you really wanted.  what the hell people.  get over it.  com has already provided more free stuff than almsot any other kickstarter ever and you are still not happy.  it is insane that some of you are so negative.  grow up a little and get over yourselves.
the amount of complainers on here is unbelievable! i was amazed that they gave us massive amounts of extra zombies at the 160k stretch and personally would be more that content with that as reward for being a kickstarter backer. seriously complainers you don't know how good you've got it with what they have given us. this game is getting more and more successful by the day but instead of saying 'well done for creating a great game and giving us so much free stuff' you sit there pressing f5, watching other people add to the pledged amount, and then bitch when they won't give you for free the figures you want. end rant.
@john. the reason the next stretch goal is set that high is because they included both the living and zombified version in the same reward. the last model we got had almost the same lengh between stretches if you include both versions of the model. i think cmon simply wanted to make sure we ended up with a complete package of this guy, since they plan on having him along for the nex couple of pax shows.
hi everyone, i haven't been checking the comments today. have cmon made any appearance on the forum after anouncing the new strech? if yes, what did they say about the difference in backers' appreciation for chaz and the paguy?
i see a lot of people complaining about the new stretch figurine. if you don't like it, you don't have to add it to your in-play survivors. nor do you have to contribute any more money to try and get it. i'm not overly thrilled with it, but i look at it as a neat little collectable reward for being a backer. if we get him, i'll probably sit him on a shelf somewhere to add to my geek decor.
oh and a zombie space marine would be pretty good. they could do it as a *nerd* kid in toy armour.
@fulvio. hey i'm not a nerd i'm a geek. do u see me using a computer?
and while im at it .. $340k - $450k between stretches !?  ok i accept cmon is now under no obligations .. but the higher the pledges go, the less this is rewarding the current backers and more pushing the upper value of the closing pledge.  i've been a long time fan of cmon and am grateful of the current ks base package ... but im not the only unhappy camper in this place.
yeah well why don't we get warhammer 40k fans onside and have a zombie space marine .. that even might get the starcraft fans onboard ... surely their gaming interests are as valuable than pennyarcade fans ?? ok maybe not appropriate as a genuine comment, but seriously if we are buying favours (i.e. pledges from other gaming communities) why not offer the ridiculous for a $500k stretch ??
y'know, fulvio, making comments like that is a good way to alienate people. the 'nerds', as you refer to them, are a good portion of the backers of this game.
i'll sell mine on ebay. hope the nerds pay a lot for him.
i'm not against samurais in zombicide,. i'm against that silly samuray that was chosen.
wow, look at that progress!  looks like we'll be getting the cardboard tube samurai!
yeah people seem to forget the point of a kickstarter is to generate money.  as much as we all want a dog or tiles or a pony the fact is we are allreadyy backers and after all the other cool add ons we are mostly tapped out.  the great penny arcade community just heard about this game and that is a lot of untapped money.  so it makes perfect sense to tailor the next stretch reward to them. we all win.  we all get a new model, pa fans( like tarintino, rodriquez, bbt and chucl noris fans) get a model tailored to them and cmon gets more money to produce a game.
i have been watching this for weeks. trying to see how long i could hold off whilst cmon add loads of great extras. was honestly in no doubt about pledging my abomination level. but i annoyed the wife so much by constantly going on about it and updating her on the progress that she has given me the money to pledge. she's a good girl. was worth waiting to pledge.
@bill i have taco bell here? haha... still trying to find one. thoght it was a lie. and why do they have signs? it's because the governmebt love to fine us for every single thing.
oooh fulvio, chill. 1) we can still make a second non-official poll for the 500k stretch :-) 2) you don't like samurai in zombie universe. ok. maybe some other don't like pulp fiction. or kill bill, or whatever....
looks like we are possibly going to get toilet roll man...lol
honestly folks, stop moaning. they're giving us a free shiny thing, and they're catering it a bit towards the pa crowd - who are at least partially if not mostly responsible for the boost in pledges that got us chaz and zombie chaz. there's a phrase - don't look a gift horse in the mouth. enjoy the free shiny thing :)
after the samurai geek thing i don't care anymore.
wow, i mean really wow. i wonder how many copys of the game will sell when it goes out? i mean id hate to thing were the only purchasers :(  even if there are a bucketload of us.
insane growth review #37: revised edition we'll pass $450k by the time the west coast comes home from work.  $550k is now a reasonable projected goal, and my bet goes to $580k or so.  we'll get the other penny arcade character announced later during the day, or something.
45k+/- more to go and we get another freebie. yagoo!!!
@ erich singapore wad great. cleanest country i have ever been to and unlike indonesia they have taco bell. just don't know why every elevator had a sigh telling you not to pee in the elevator... :)
@bill: leisurecraft was replaced by pi! same store location, but pi is now double the size. @tsini: oh! what do department minis look like? the brickwork sounds interesting, so i'll take a look, but a more pavement motif may be what i go for.
4/5 of the final pledge of painted sets sold !  nice !
@ zavier  i used to live in jakarta and had to get my visa renewed in singapore every 6 months. is leisurecraft games still around?
is getting 2 sets of extra tiles a bit much? will here be scenario for that big a board i have the table space :)
@erich i've been basing my hasslefree survivors and flying frog zombies on brickwork bases, but i was buying the from ironhalo in new zealand, a little expensive but a friendly company. my department (my first kickstarter experience) minis will be based on futuristic pavement bases from antenoctis workshop. so i was hoping to keep them in theme with my other zombie minis to mix and match games. not too sure i can stretch to 108 minis haha!
fwiw, i love the cts as a stretch reward. but then, i'm a huge pa fan :) still hoping for sean down the line though... :p
how do you intend to base this,tsini?
it's reasonable to not like certain features, stretch goals, or offers. yet the cmon community is largely miniature based so that drives most of our passion. true i would like to see expansions as offers but miniatures call to me more.
it's going to cost me a lot in resin bases to base all this lot...
yiiiii-ha!
400k wow!
aaaawww yeah, just 50k to go! anything for more minis!
$400k incoming !
"toilet roll samurai" that is funny!!!
if cts was 10$ and eva free, i wondered if pledges would drop ...  well at least 10 from me :)
@ christophe muller de schongor: we don't get a say about who gets to be what. we just get to "comment" about it (^_-). and the game already has samurai flavor: included is angst girl, and for 10 bucks (did that), you get killbillgirl. toilet-roll-samurai just got tacked on. and from those 5 pages of comments, i think i'll put together a scenario of heroclix cosplayers out on the town when, gasp (!), zombies burst onto the scene.
not that i don't believe in this pledge drive (you all see me here every day so you know i do!) but in the instance we don't make $450,000 - can any of my friends here hook me up with cts/zcts from a pax event?  i'm in the uk and have a kid so that sort of event will never get me there!
@zaviero: haha, that is fair enough. hopefully university and zombicide will help you attract a wider playing group!
@erich mind's cafe is expensive... so much so that i just buy my own games. now i have a cupboard full of em. i always play with the same group of people. now waitin to enter uni and see if there are more people.
5 pages of comments since cts update. most of it, if i over-summarize, is about his legitimity. ???????? really? are we truly saying who get to be a survivor and who does not?????? how on hell could a samourai (strange one, okay) not be a part of it? i would really love playing a team of ned+dave+marvin+cts!!!
@xaviero: sadly true. i am still sort of amazed that i managed to maintain a regular tabletop rpg group when i was there. however, now that singapore is opening more tertiary education institutes near the bras basah area, i think board games can find a good market. the continued survival of mind cafe in funan is proof of that.
@ matt. sg = singapore. pi - paradigm infinitum, one of the few hobby game shop of note.
all these acronyms are confusing me!
@erich haha... but the board games community in sg is small.
haha, oh well. it is good to see people from singapore here!
@erich oh wow you know about pi. yea doubt they will ks, but i'm pretty sure they'll get their hands on it. they carry sde so no reason not to carry this game.
@erich, pi does not kickstart games. i asked them :)
@zaviero: funny story, i grew up in singapore and live three hours by plane away from it still. you should tell paradigm infinitum to put down for a 6-pack so this game gets some play in south east asia.
@t sini yep $25.  i'm in the uk too.
hey erich, i live a halfway across the globe in singapore. so you need to pay for shipping? do tell me more. :insert meme: lol...
yeah, $25 for shipping outside the usa. even canadians gotta pay, man.
yes you do, and welcome aboard!
hey guys, do i need to include shipping to the uk in my pledge?
???
we so got the cts stretch goal in the bag, ye-ah
@troy.  you really need to get a life. this is just a boardgame, not un negotiations.  you are starting to seem to me like you have deeper things going on than simply being a contrarion. just walk away from our computer son.....
@john those were my thoughts too. they could actually save those promos for the expansion ks, assuming there's going to be a ks, and focus on things that will benefit the base game now. the past few promos were to release only when the expansion comes about. then again, given the unexpected results of this ks, probably they ran out of stuff to give so instead, start giving us expansion promos. haha!
nearly $400k ... awesome work on the pledges ... i hope the extra painted sets go, they need to be  snatched up too as aaron has offered to work for an extra month to get them done for us.
use your own cards for stupid dogs. lol 56 hours to go! i hope they don't add some new optional stuff on the last day as i will be on vacation.
@zaviero i agree! @troy sell it for charity!  even better than giving it away.
@troy: give me the card. i will use it to make a dedicated custom dog survivor card.
love the new stretch goals, free minis not a problem, but i haven't seen anything that expands the base game that will ship with the ks base game since $180k.  i've been slapped down as a complainer, i just think its reasonable to say that not everyone is enamoured with survivor/zombie paired minis that are yet to be modelled and will deliver next year as expansion figures.  the game expanders were provided as "optional" for extra purchase (great again for increasing the pledges) but a token thank you for the gamer backers would be a nice gesture.   i don't know how i can say that any differently ... this is not just a game for mini's, its for gameplay as well. if thats complaining then so be it.
@matt cmon don't have to be pushy. they don't have to say anything at all. dangle the abomination perks in front of them and nuff said. haha.
i don't really need the money. i will just give it away
@troy ebay it.  put money towards the expansion.
@shoogoo again i don't mind new stretch goals. i just didn't like the kids on her begging for them and demanding the price points on them.
anybody want mine?
sorry i didn't read it all cuz i thought it looked stupid. lol i hope we don't make it i will just end up never using this survivor
"and his counterpart, the zombie cardboard tube samurai."
@troy there is according to the listing "this is the official penny arcade cardboard tube samurai: zombicide edition, and his counterpart, the zombie cardboard tube samurai.  if we hit this stretch, everyone who pledges abomination and above ($100) will receive both versions for each boxed game!  ships together with the zombie promo survivors (est q2 2013)."
there is a reason there is no zombie of cts...
@zaviero i reckon cmon could remind the fattys what they're missing out on, without being pushy
shoogoo loves me. all he ever posts about is me.
well i am not a zombie duh ... :)
@shoogoo lol... still on the troy case. @sven let's wait till the 48 hour mark when ks sends out a reminder email. hopefully that will wake the fatties from their slumber and up it to abomination.
@jc you ever been hit with a hard cardboard tube? hurts.
how many zombies can one kill with a cardboard tube? zombies are bloody and gooey, the cardboard is bound to get wet... can't we give him a steel pole too ? uctsps : useless cardboard tube and steel pole samurai, that rocks !!
just woken up to a new stretch! :d so it's a samurai fighting with a cardboard tube? ... it's a bit underwhelming, but i guess it attracted a lot of new backers since it's famous and stuff. i'll look into it! thanks cmon for more stretches :d i'm already looking forward to the 500k one (suck it, troy *wink*)
taking the zombie zoo idea and running away with it or a possible future expansion... how about planet of the zombie apes. a genetic experiment gone horribly wrong. more fun than a barrel of undead monkeys. zombie gorillas, orangutans, chimpanzees. for the big boss, what else but zombie king kong!
@matt i doubt that the fatty-backers are regularly checking this site, let alone the comments. so, i doubt any of the 100 will read this. but you are perfectly right, of course. maybe its all people  being afraid of to many zombies;-)
new survivor great stuff. the money just keeps going up. this is good to se. if we hit this one i'd love to see them try and do michael jackson from thriller next. obvious a out of work actor inpersonator . and then the zombie version
i'll concede that a zombie zoo would be rad, especially if it means more tiles/new scenario
to the 98 people on fatty level.  have you considered pledging just $25 extra?  just look at everything extra you get extra at abomination: 1 dave the geek/zombie dave - 2 miniatures 4 additional fatties - 4 miniatures 6 additional runners - 6 miniatures 20 additional walkers - 20 miniatures 1 additional abomination - 1 miniature 1 eagle / zombie eagle - 2 miniatures 6 custom black dice 6 glow in the dark dice = 35 extra miniatures, 12 extra dice,
@scott - just saw your answer now - i don't know, steve jackson is he is trying to beat cmo in that category as well. i mean he has anounced 'strechgoals' that include the reprinting of stuff from the 70's which backers can buy as extras. so the strechgoal ist to produce something you can later buy. however, i think up to now it is only a close 2nd to cmon ;-)
never heard of this cardboard tube samurai... just have to say i think he's awesome :)
@scott hill, how about an alpaca instead? @matt zitron, i know, right?! i keep saying "zombie gorilla"... snake, lion... ooo! zombie penguins! *shudders in fear* it would be unbeleivably awesome, plus, no one has ever done anything like it before, at least to my knowledge.
for those asking for a michael jackson survivor/zombie. i unfortunately wouldn't try it. plants vs. zombies had to cave to legal pressure and remove their thriller themed zombie via their game of the year edition update. but who doesn't like goldfish platforms?
@brian: high five! survivor kid with dog or survivor dog!
what was wrong with the t shirt? i think it is spiffy, just like cts zombie will be spiffy.
personally i would love to see a survivor kid or dog - we've seen almost all the other stereotypical heroes covered. i'm just glad that i stumbled upon this amazing game via sinfest's banner ad! i can't wait for it to come out! :d
we are the zombicide abominations! it's bee a great run, and let's see if we can get just under 67,000 in 58 hours.  perfectly doable.  especially if penny arcade publicise the stretch goal. whoever said something about the zombie zoo (@jason?) that is a fantastic idea.
@troy: oops...what? was there more stretches? well i never!
what is there to complain about the t-shirt, i think it looks cool.
pffft.. you should have seen the complaining about the tshirt.
@gaia: the thing is some people have found a new game called "moan at cmon for coming up with a stretch reward i don't like" and they find that one more fun. . horses, or ponies, for courses.
@everyone: on this forum the game is: "i yell at cmon to get the new stretch reward i want" or: "see how creative i get wjhen it comes to inventing items i won't have to produce".  i know. i did it, i'm not ashamed :) but it's a game we play, it's fun! calling names or insulting people is not fun. (yeah i'm white and nerdy, so what? xd) and debasing some new free stuff (especially when it's a solid new hero plus zombie version and no voucher or dematerialized stuff) is really... ludicrous!  man (john) from now on, everything you get from cmon is more free stuff. if i hadn't been glad with what i had with the game alone (that's why i started wondering asking questions about gampelay and got answers that pleased me) i'd have dropped off the boat right then and that's it.  but the free stuff? no honest, you can't complain about the free stuff, not here, not now.
lmao did someone really say this was like coitus interruptus? amused forever.
@sven: steve jackson'll have to come up with something special to beat 'most controversial stretch reward'! :p
that it'll=then it'd
@jason: if has ponies, that it'll be awesome! otherwise, meh! :p
@scott, i also believe that the ks record from zomizide will be nullified by ogre in one week, so the fame for best, biggest, greatest etc. will be somewhat short lived. however, we know we did it, right?
@enrique durand wow, i leave to watch an episode of community and you leave a very well thought out comment. please allow my own delayed response. :) i agree we are viewing this issue from two different perspectives.  i see the complaining akin to a kid upset that his crackerjack toy sucks while completely ignoring the sweet box of candy already in his hands.  you see it as a free focus group for the company.  potato-potahtoe.  however, i never intended to imply that you stated your case in an ugly or rude manner (sorry if that is how i came across).  however some comments on here have been ugly and shown poor form.  comments like: "i tell you this samurai nerd reward thing totally sucks" and “is this where i put my snide comment about chaz being the last stretch goal...?” and i cannot leave out such a gem as “this is like a coitus interruptus.” i frankly don’t see the point to those comments at all especially when they are regarding a free perk.  they do not merit being called feedback and are simply lame attempts at trolling.  not to say some of the criticism others have leveled below isn’t valid and potentially useful to the company in some capacity (still don't agree that desiring one free perk over another is useful to cmon), but there has been enough vitriol on here about a gratis set of figures to get under my skin.  :) and with that i will exit the conversation. good night ladies and gents!
so, am i the only one who likes the idea of a zombie zoo expansion in the future?
love the new strech. i have never heard about penny arcade or this samurai. but just love it. i think its much better than a chainsaw wielding ash.  its a zombie game yes.  but its a new one..  so lets not keep using old steriotypes from zombie movies..
@derek: haha, i don't believe i'd make as interesting a survivor. i probably look enough like the hobo to fake it, ;)
@erich,  i could never give up a chance of being personally sculpted in "i am legend", for a sculpt of a dog....  never!!  a hot, busty female survivor.... maybe!!
@troy: chill. if you've been reading, i'll be doing just that. however, if pa fans can get a cts, i am allowed to continue wanting a dog. if you don't like the dog and we somehow get one later on, you can sell it on ebay or just not purchase it, simple as that. same as if the comments on this board upset you to see, stop looking.
@troy: i's gonna make me a pony. :p
that's what i thought about zombie chaz! :p
if you guys want a dog soooooo bad! when the game comes out flip over one of the hero cards and make yourself a damn dog.
@scott, there is another kickstarer running that has 8 million last time i checked. (e-paper watch or something like that) don't think we'll beat that one :p
@plug: it's been stated that the q2 2013 expansion will have a game mechanic that turns survivors into zombies, so i'd expect to see the core-game survivor zombies then.
@plug: i believe the in game survivors will get their zombie forms when the expansion hits next year.
how many kickstarter record can zombicide break? highest number of backers? highest total pledged? highest target:pledge-total ratio? most controversial stretch reward? :p
anyone know if there are zombie versions of the survivors that come in game?
http://pennyarcade.wikia.com/wiki/cardboard_tube_samurai
i apologize but i have no idea who the cts is? can someone who is familiar with penny arcade fill me in on the background of this character? i mean he's free yeah, but it would make it cooler if i knew what it was.
what enrique durand said.  : ) i said the same thing in an earlier post, but there's definately a need for it to be repeated.
they're not going to please almost 3000 backers with every decision, that's for sure.  i've been through enough projects to know that people feel the project should go the way they envisions it, which is understandable.  at least no one has threatened to retract funding like a couple of kickstarters i've been involved in.
@darktraveler777 respectfully, i think we just see the same situation from different perspectives. what you call complaining and grumbling, i see as consumers expressing their opinion, and i would think that cmon would crave feedback from their customers, positive or negative. i don't believe i was ugly or rude in how i expressed my opinion, simply that i felt the new stretch goal figure didn't rise to the same level as the others. obviously, some people agree and many others feel differently, and that's great. it is precisely that sort of feedback that cmon will have to weigh when deciding how to further promote the game. they'll have to decide how to balance bringing in new backers versus enticing current backers to up their support. and to do that successfully, i'd think they'd love to have honest and numerous opinions, rather than just a few positive ones. it is cheap market research for them, and something that most companies pay dearly for when rolling out products. ultimately, they will decide how they respond to the comments, which is the way it should be as it is their product, and that will determine the success of the game. and believe me, i want this to be hugely successful - i jumped on board as soon as payday hit and i could swing it, and i cannot wait until the game is delivered into my eager hands!
@cory. my apologies. i missed that. the only thing i'll state though, is there were a great many other characters repeatedly being asked for during the days leading up the latest reward announcement, when cmon was still deciding what to offer as that reward. by the time you posted, cmon would have already made their decision and finalized it with pa, so it wouldn't have been because cmon saw a demand for it from their then current backers. and i don't think the cts mini was a bad decision on cmon's part. it turned out to be a brilliant marketing move if that truly is the reason for the large increases in backers we've been seeing. and they could have done worse. thank goodness they didn't use the dr.who suggestions or the michael jackson ones. while mj would have made a great zombie, he wouldn't have made for a believable zombie fighting survivor. afterall... we all know he was a lover. not a fighter.   ; )
it's from the days i played deadlands:doomtown ccg loved the game couldn't get a lot of interest from gaming group (at the time heavy into minis). love the background though and usually go by jokeroz on the internet.
@nick too funny! also. love the savage jack avatar. do you play savage worlds?
@ropya maybe they don't like the stretch goals ;-)
one thing i dont understand, is all the people at the $75 level. there are more and more of them signing there. . if youre at the $75 and dont / cant upgrade, im sure theres someone on here who would love to send you the $25 plus shipping so you can boost and send them all the extras you werent getting anyway. . just my thought.
by which i mean guillotine, haha.
i would love your signatures on my box, cmon.
@ keith, if im not mistaken we get a promo image inserted into the package and signed.... . see,  pledge $10 or more on the right.
@darsc: if you read back you will see that i actually suggested the cts four or five hours before it was offered, and there were several people who thought it was a good idea then... so i guess one of those characters suggested kind of was along the lines of what we were given...
@plug: yes, there is. there's also 2 katana-wielding girls, and two cops... see no reason why there couldn't be two nerds who survive the apocalypse.
hmmm 2445 backers as of typing this at the abomination level.  i personally am $170 in........ (abomination-uma-sam-white dice-battlefoam).  i love this project fully.....my only request and this is something that i truly think would be great for a final last minute nod to fans....is that when the survey comes out....we have the option of having our edition signed by the entire creative team.  i know that's a lot of boxes to sign, and i'm not sure if they will be shrink wrapped, but i am certain there would be a good portion that wouldn't fill out that option in their survey.  and that would mean less than 2445 to sign.  if not the box, maybe a promo image inserted to the package....just a thought but i for one do not attend gaming specific cons and would never get the chance of a team sig.....
@cory there is a nerdy promo fig already, the geek based of sheldon from big bang theory.
@nick i'm pretty much in the same situation. i jumped on a while ago and the new strech has me shrugging. however, i guess the idea was not to make me more happy but to attract new people. if it works - fine. i guess the cts will stay in the box as he doesn't fit in with the rest of the survivors.
@bill: aya's been killing zombies for a long time in the onechanbara series. personally i have always been a fan of her half-sister saki.  http://images.nipponcinema.com/news/onechanbara_saki.jpg the live action movie and it's sequel were both terrible and terribly satisfying, which was pretty similar to the games actually.
@enrique durand true, you have every right to express your opinion.  but put yourself in cmon's shoes for one hot hypothetical minute.  you have an amazing response to a project and as a way to thank the project's supporters you preview a potentially free gift and a portion of those supporters who you were trying to thank grumble about the merits of the gift on offer.  wouldn't you feel like that was rather rude?  i know i would. anyway, this is all pointless.  if you feel disappointed by the cts stretch perk then that is unfortunate.  but i don't see how complaining will help change future developments of the game as the cts perk seems to be a last minute addition created in response to the pa shout out. now if the next expansion is titled: penny arcade's zombicide, then i could understand the outrage.  but i doubt that will be the case and i will happily take my cts figure when that stretch goal is reached.
if you go through the past comments here and on the cmon forum, you'll find dozens of suggestions of new hoped for survivors for inclusion in the expansion, or should we be lucky enough, for yet another stretch reward. not one of those characters suggested was along the lines of cts, so even though he's now a free reward, there's bound to be some surprise and disapointment amongst the backers that have been here awhile. the surprise is just enhanced when one considers that either by plan or coincidence, cmon appears to have followed some of the backers suggestions as inspiration for the previous rewards characters . ie. uma, samuel, chuck. anyway, as has been said, it's a free mini and i'd expect it will be sculpted to a high standard, so yay for that! i should probably add that i signed up to back this game before i even realized the original survivor mini's were based on pop culture characters... and i still don't really know who some of them are. i just thought the minis looked well sculpted and diverse which was good enough for me.
you know lassie would be cool to.
..."a beautiful woman wearing a bikini while fighting zombies with a sword - what's not to like?"...
still asian girl in bikini with cowboy hat and katana would have been fun... http://bastardofspace.blogspot.com/2009/06/chanbara-beauty-vortex.html
just pledged; and would love to see ash with chainsaw.
at least spiderman has been a zombie in the comics, just saying ;-) i always thought that stretch goals were an effort to get the word out further and attract new backers in. in that sense i'd say this latest figure fits perfectly the word has been spread via pa and i imagine there will be a correspondng increase in backers. personally the rollerskating waitress seems a bit c**p to me but did not stop me pledging, granted i came on board once some stretch goals had been reached but i was in two minds having backed elsewhere recently. the new model means little to me not having been to pa before (sue me!) but as per all the free inclusions is welcome nonetheless. i have no problem with backers who don't like it and post as such - it's the internet it's par for the course!
maybe the next stretch goal could be a john kovliac inspired munchkiness? i would probably squee over that!  that would freak my wife and kids do much :)
haha, about the dog thing: part of my fascination comes from the world war z depiction of k9 units and how most dogs actually went insane or died when the zombie outbreak happened. it was only really rare and smart dogs who survived, and those dogs were very helpful to human causes. any dog survivor in a zombie game would be that outlier, that exceptional exception, and thus very exciting and special. it all feels very pulp action adventure to me and is based on zombie literature, so that's why i would like to see it happen.
@ adam souza  zombies eat cosplay conventioneers too you know.
i have to disagree with those who say the complaining is poor form. as consumers we have a right to express our opinions. in fact, how can we expect cmon to know what we like and don't like without telling them! in the same way that those who like the cts figure are speaking out, so should those who don't. i fall into that camp - i think after the other figures, cts is a letdown. but am i going to snub the figure - heck no, it is free after all. but i do want to let cmon know that for future stretch goals or releases i'd prefer something different - such as ash warehouse, if you are listening :).
i will be very shocked if we don't make this. almost 74k just today.
i am soo going to raid my heroclix box and make me a custom survivor in a spiderman outfit with some sort weapon in hand for zombicide.
@ (@_@)  really?  many of us buy game-related stuff having nothing to do with that particular game.  i snagged a bag of ffg cthulhu markers, but don't play the card game.  i think it's a nice reward for the pe fans.
it would be pretty cool to have a german shepard or some such as an animal player. or heck even a zombified one at that.
@ (@_@) looks like your comment got cut off.  but i disagree with your partial statement.  ;) the complaining is poor form whether it comes from shock or not.  the cts perk is a free figure that you do not have to pay for and should be covered in your initial $25 dollar international shipping fee (if i have that incorrect please let me know).  so, again, what is the problem?
to those who like the cts inclusion: great! me too! to those who don't: he's not... actually... a samurai who wields a cardboard tube. come on. he is a geek from a comic con, cosplaying. and he dropped the tube for a length of pipe as soon as he could. at least, that's what you can believe :d
to be fair, none of the characters except phil had anything to do with zombie fighting... they're all pop culture references, why can't one be a little nerdy, or not based on an action movie?
poor form is calling everyone a mooching, unwashed mass of degenerates without actually looking at what the disappointment is. this character is a let down. as a fan of several things myself, i would love to see something i like put into a game. but i'd fully expect to have my butt reamed if i had spiderman put into zombicide.
my disappointment came from having a character that i feel has nothing at all to do with fighting zombies. the disappointment that i've seen others expressing is much the same, or lamenting the fact that there are, indeed, more zombie-associated characters that could have been done instead.
nick and el cholo happened, then i'd be on. that happened. i'm on.
now if a dog could sniff out an infected amongst survivors (similar to terminator) it would be a valuable tool. but in reality it would probably be more like thing from another world and most pets would probably end up being four-legged happy meals for the undead. if you like pa then high-fives all around, ebay is always an option to try and recoup some of your investment.
@darktraveler777: it is not poor form. i see shock, and this has come from following the game closely. some people believed in the base game as-is and jumped in right away. i did not because i live out-of-country and justifying the purchase of any game requires incentive to make shipping worth it. i made the deal with myself that if the funding level for the release of the
when i suggested the cts reward as an homage to pa i didn't really think it would get this out of hand. it's a really awesome reward to some people, and to others, well, at least you'll get a cool looking zombie, right? anyway, good job cmon, i can't wait for the expansion to see what kind of crazy kickstarter tomfoolery you'll have planned.
i really do not understand the disappointment with a free perk that kills so many birds with one glorious stone.  the cts is a completely free perk for abomination level backers (bird 1 dead) while simultaneously acting as a thank you to a media source that shone a spotlight on this kickstarter project (bird 2 snuffed). a media source with lots of die-hard fans who like games and support said media source with their money.  quite a few penny arcade fans will jump on board this project because of the cts (bird 3 'sploded).   so everyone wins, right?  even if you don't know about, or like, cts and penny arcade, you still get a free mini if the stretch goal is met. so why the boo-hooing? i hate to say it, but all the negativity regarding the cts is making me think that troy guy was partially right.  lots of people who want free stuff but only if it meets criteria important to them.  and when they are given an opportunity to receive a free gift that doesn't appeal, all of sudden that free gift is snubbed. poor form folks.
shawn, i have pugs... they would roll over and try to get the zombies to pet their bellies... so they probably wouldnt last too long...
final days has a dog survivor.
@bill.... are you sure?  i know my cats would vanish like ninjas.  dogs would try (and fail) to defend their masters.
@brad http://forums.anandtech.com/showthread.php… "because dogs are smarter than people and at the first sign of the zombie apocalypse they get the fuck outta town and hide in the woods"
... ok, i gotta ask.  what is it with people and the dog thing? is it "i am legend?" 'cause ... it doesn't really make sense.  just saying.  and that's not even a 'zombie' movie, really.
i actually didn't know there were so many folks out there who had no knowledge of penny arcade. here on the internets they seem pretty ubiquitous.  but then i'm sure there are many alleys hidden away in these here tubes that i've never frequented...
i am curious about the i am legend backers. if more slots were open, i'd have inserted my rottweiler in the game and given all of you a dog, hahaha. the note about using zombie cts is good; more zombie variety!
pa isn't my sort of humor either, but i appreciate the whimsey.  i'm more likely to use a katana kat from off the wall armies as samurai cat tho.
i don't know or care what the penny arcade is but an extra character is always good to have especially where i'm getting the extra tiles so more people can play or more characters to choose from and it is free keepem comin boys.
@air805ronin: i've no doubt that some pa fans like board games (and vice versa), and having pa folks onboard for this boardgame can only mean good things for cmon. perhaps pa is a massive pr machine, but the inclusion is still jarring. i think both tarantino and rogriguez pay homage to a "classic" style of character--and in so doing both of them have the chops to invent/reinvent new characters that fit a classic movie feel. a zombie game (and zombicide is no exception) injects its characters with energy from those same moulds. the base characters from zombicide are at once very modern (i mean, the uzi-wielding disgruntled office worker, come on! that's awesome) and classic (cop) and very willing to mix and match old and the new (rollerscating waitress with a chainsaw). nice vibe. throw in a (second) cop like die hard and a (second) samurai sword wielding heroine, and a lot of other characters that we can immediately identify with movies, and we're "sticking to genre" here... and then there's the cardboard samurai (samurai #3?) from a cartoon/game/package... nope, doesn't fit. i can see it's already making a difference in the pledges, cool for cmon, but they already had my pledge. this fig can sit in my box.
i can already see that in my gaming group cts will be the zombie fodder survivor charactor that the player who shows up late to game night will have to play. (just kidding... mostly) ; )
it seems like the game can be played both cooperatively and competitively, with some players raising the danger level to mess with the others and trying to be the first to complete the objective.  i wonder if the rules are designed as such since it would require difficulty changes.  having two modes would increase replay-ability.
@bill redford i really don't think he meant offense, it just annoys me when people throw around common phrases without fully knowing their meaning.  . i have a vague knowledge of penny arcade, enough that i recognize the main characters and get excited to see one included in this game. i also find it amusing that we're (possibly) getting more promos than base game survivors!
disclaimer: the following statement is meant entirely tounge in cheeck and should not be taken seriously, or spark furious responces. sooo.... to all the people who don't like the cts, those radioactive zombies i mentioned are looking pretty good right now, aren't they ? =)
just saw the new stretch goal, now i have a new web site to explore and another goal level to keep me hitting f5.  classy move for cmon and penny arcade!
it's a geek in a gi with a cardboard tube as a weapon. what's not to love ? seriously, we have a chick on rollerskates with a chainsaw in the core game. a gamer gone wild killing zombies with a stiff cardobard tube is brilliant.
so, are any of the two i am legend backers here? what skills do you think you posess to combat zombies... what kind of weapon are you hoping you get? if i had the money i would totally have done it... i would use my profile pic from my larping days... have my character have full plate and a shield, and a big honking sword... my schtick would be tough as steel since i would be wearing armor...
it is unkown to you, thus it sucks. you ungrateful people suck. on a totally unrelated note: thanks, cmon, for giving us more free stuff, no matter what it is.
while i don't care for cts as a survivor, i do plan to use the zombie cardboard tube samurai in the base game to add some additional variety to the walking dead models.  after all, some sorry dude with a cardboard sword won't last long in the zombie apocalypse...  if the cts minis are rare enough, i'm sure they'll fetch some serious money on ebay eventually, too.  if you like the cts stretch goal, more power to you and i'm honestly happy this game is getting more exposure and thus more backers.
@ninian, rereading his post i dont think johua meant it as that... it is certainly not a common phrase but not super negative... kind of reminds me of the sttaus of liberty... "give me your tired, your poor,  your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,  the wretched refuse of your teeming shore.  send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,  i lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
while there is a small group of people who are complaining i think the majority of us are just expressing are feelings toward the new promo. were still thankful for it, we just have no clue what clue or interest in pennyarcade. i personally have no knowledge of penny arcade so i dont dig the model. lets stop drawing attention to the bad eggs, it could make us all seem ungrateful.
@awakeneddragon:  i hear you but i don't think its too out there with the other characters being from either tarantino films or rogriguez films (or even a television sitcom).  sure they don't outright say it but you can see the kill bill, pulp fiction, big bang theory, and machete inspiring those characters pretty profoundly.    they're doing homages to things that are important to them.  a mention on penny arcade gets you a lot of notice across the gaming world and not just video gamers.  they're huge advocates of board games and pen and paper rpgs.  i wouldn't be surprised if some of the people working on zombicide enjoy penny arcade too.
@joshua harris i don't mean to get in the middle of things but i felt the need to point out that your "common turn of phrase" refers to a group of people considered uneducated and basically beneath you.
i propose a strech goal to get the rules :)  shouldn't be too difficult to set-up. they are ready no ? but why aren't they posted ?
@air805ronin: well, penny arcade is popular, and if cmon wanted to bring in those folks especially for some reason, nifty. (and i have checked it out, and, no, it's not for me) i remain on the side of the folks that think this is a totally out there addition. zombiecide + penny arcade... nope, the brain just doesn't bring those two together, especially since the extra figs up to this point have been iconic movie creations. still, extra is always cool, and i'm not truly complaining. if the pa folks want to come on and get the push for "their" character, all well and good to support cmon! welcome aboard!
cts is awesome so glad thats a goal.  however i'm on the fence about the foam trays and still waiting for cmon to release more information on the final configuration of them.  of course knowing me i'll probably still get the stupid things and a another set of dice...
@edward .. i was predicting a $500k + final pledge target .. still looking like it, along with my prediction of 3000+ backers.  the exponential growth in both, and cmons pitch to the pennyarcade crowd will make it easily attainable.   looking forward to the final moments .. this is like high quality crack watching zombicide on kickstarter !
they've done 68k in the last 24 hours, so there's a pretty good chance.
i wouldn't be here if penny arcade hadn't of mentioned it in their blog.  while i enjoy the cts as a stretch reward, i'm a little sad they didn't give us the best juicer machine in the world....  i've seen what it can do to zombies: (warning....um....graphic and crude) http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2006/8/21/ for those complaining.....maybe this is a good time to check out penny arcade.  maybe its up your alley and you didn't know.  either way, lots of others like me never would have known this kickstarter was happening.  its not like i'm new to kickstarter, this is my 4th project i've backed.
i'm happy we got something. eagle was supposed to be the last one and now we have another new figure to aim for. not as cool as eagle i must agree (sorry, chuck norris zombie is amazing) but its more than the nothing we would have had if they had kept with what they had said.
i was happy with stuff offered so far before the samurai thing. that last step turned me down.
i was on the fence because i had donated to zpocalypse. but god damn it if you didn;t get me with the cardboard tube samurai mini. do you think you can get 70k in 62 hours? good luck guys
@darsc: totally agree. also we can't be naive, those things are not free at all, we are used as a network to spread the news about the game and bring more backers. we are like investors helping them to open their business.
@matt z:  i like your thinking, heh.  personally i think the nod to pa is excellent; to me it could only be better (maybe) if it was gabe and tycho themselves, or annarchy (though i can see why they might not use her).  or perhaps the deranged vietnam-vet game-store manager (from:  http://penny-arcade.com/comic/2006/08/09).  this is good business all around, both in the "credit where credit is due" category and courting a fanbase that definitely crosses over with what zombicide is peddling (i mean, hell, look at the strip!).  i hope we get some more 'extras.'  i'm down for everything that i want, but i could be enticed to spend some more money, which is of course the point of the stretch rewards!
there's nothing wrong with a backer of this game telling the publisher/designer what does and doesn't interest them in the level and stretch rewards being offered. doing so is not a show of lack of gratitude or disrespect to cmon. it is simply customer feedback. something that many companies have to pay a third party to go out and gather for them. the more feedback cmon gets on this project the greater the likelyhood they'll be able to finetune the rewards and attract even more backers for the upcoming expansion.
oh that reminds me that i can now put in my order for the dog i will dude up for the game! thank you cmon for making the backs of the cards prime for customisations!
i don't know penny arcade. count me as disappointed that we did not get another iconic character. oh well, we already have a whole bunch of great awesomeness in this game.
@joshua .. thanks and no problems.
@john these thing take time to produce abd it's not like we have to buy the expansion to get the figures. just think it'll be a nice present this time next year. i don't think you're unwashed. i think you smell lovely. let's all get along and play board games.
@john....it's a common turn of phrase. it wasn't a targeted offensive towards smelly folks, though hordes of shambling zombies could be considered "unwashed masses" i don't know what you expect of them. the game is already moving into production channels. if we want it to get here at a reasonable time, we have to be willing to wait for the rest, unless you want the entire game to not show up until q2 2013. the first string of stretch goals were well planned and set out early. they probably comprised the entire stretch plans for the while project. anything above and beyond that may have had to been "pushed forward" from the expansion in order to meet demand. would you rather them just offer nothing? i'm happy to drop the whole "offensive" thing if you are. we all have to live on this planet. no need to make it any harder by poking each other with sticks.
@erich i would also like this as i'm in the uk. maybe now we're in the c'mon radar they'll hook us up.
oh, now i know what i'd like the most, and it isn't a dog this time. i'd like some way for cmon to allow international ks backers to have access to future exclusives which require american convention attendance. a bit of a stretch, but i'd love something far-reaching like that as thanks for having been on the zombicide train from the beginning, since going to events like pax is pretty much impossible for me.
brad has a point about not having zombie eagle w/o the pa fans hopping on this...
@matt zitron could also be a cosplayer who happened to be attending (or getting ready to attend) pax when the apocalypse came!
also ... "samurai nerd reward thing" ... did someone clue him in to the fact this is a kickstarter for a boardgame, using figurines, about the zombie apocalypse?  griping about something being nerdy here is like falling out of a boat and complaining you got all wet on landing.
@joshua .. not sure if this discussion is going to lead to a comfortable middle ground or not, but it was not my intention to be offensive.  simply pointing out that the last reward to the base game backers was at $180k ... all the stretches since that time have been promises of an expansion mini, free yes, but at a future date, not provided as part of the base game.  that just seems a little at odds with the concept of stretch goals for a product that is being kickstarted ... all the stretches from $180k onwards are for a future expansion. i am not ungrateful for free stuff, certainly not ...  just suggesting that cmon reconsider its stretch direction and offer something tangible at delivery. still it appears we will not agree and all i can do is apologise for my inability to communicate clearly enough.  i also wish to point out i am not, as are many of the backers here, not "unwashed" and accusing us of such is not reasonable thank you.
@brad word. but also who's to say he's not canon? it could be a geek who had a mental breakdown at the zombie apocalypse and thinks he's cts.
@stephen, you could drop the files, and just jump up to survivor level for two copies of the game if you really want...only 104 of us at this level. it's like being in a special club..a club who isn't looking forward to their credit card bill, but still a cool club...
... are there people seriously bitching about another stretch reward?  really?  you should seriously shut the hell up; you look like ingrates.  personally, pa is great, their endorsement probably paid for your zombie eagle (and maybe eagle, as well), by drawing attention to this ks - it's a massive fan-base - and i don't frankly care about 'canon' - the figures are almost all pop-culture references anyway.  but hey, on the plus side, this hopefully shut that one guy's spout.
@juan not all. first 3 ship with the game i think.
i would also like some more items to buy. wouldn't mind giving more money but really nothing else i want. i have the game, an extra set of tiles, more dice, both characters, not gonna paint mine so don't need the storage. some more cards would be nice to go with my giant map. i would like a few more things to buy rather than get for free. already getting so much free stuff its awesome
lol :( i just find out, all the promo survivors are going to be shipped on the 2doq of the 2013 :p i can't wait that much :(
if i hadn't pulled the trigger earlier today, i would have committed as soon as the cts figure goal hit. want.
first up thanks to c'mon for another goal that is free. not only that thanks for making a unique style character for the game. i imagine gameplay is quite interesting for cts. now guys i know penny arcade but don't read it. but come on, moaning about free stuff? also pa were a big reason pledges shot up. so why shouldn't they get a thanks. if you saw zombicide for sale you'd buy it. we're getting an amazing deal here. if you don't like the figure, stop bitching and put it on ebay.  thanks cmon for a great pledge drive!!!
@ john seriously? you are calling into question the credibility of free stuff from the publisher, and i am the one out of line? i hate to fight on the internet about stuff, but frankly sir, i find your negative attitude offensive.
i'll send my samurai figurine to stephen after i do a milkman dan sketch on it.... love the av!
not a familiar with penny arcade, but to be honest just glad to have another goal to count down too and the potential for more free stuff. plus i'm not a huge fan of chuck norris either (i know, i'm sorry!) but the eagle chas figure looked fantastic, and the zombie one just as cool! as long as the cardboard tube samurai follows in their path, it'll be dandy!  as for other ideas like a thriller zombie, ash from evil dead, shaun, etc. well, there's always the expansion! and if the expansion has a ks project revolving around it they'll have plenty of ideas for reward pledges and promos. :d
fulvio, this is something that appeals to some. for others, like myself it is still a nice gesture from them. you wouldn't tell your aunt edna that the sweater she knitted you sucks, right? so... just think of the things you got and do like. this has been a great experience and i can't wait for the expansion kickstarter.
i agree with joshua...2 free mini > nothing...and i have no idea who cts is :p it will be cool to see how the zombicide sculptors translate a comic book action aero into a mini that will hopefully blend in with the style of the other minis...
ill take yours fulvio
hey fulvio, please feel free to.send me yours if you dont want it.
@joshua .. i too thank cmon, some of us are pointing out the credibility gap in the stretch goal reward path being taken.  i do find your "unwashed masses" comment uncalled for and offensive, please try to keep the conversation civil.
@joshua: i among the crowd is not complaining about free stuff and think the new character is sweet. i want to legitimately purchase more stuff, like extra cards ( since i have double the tiles) or extra zombies for increased difficulty or really anything. i love the idea of this game and to be honest i want to buy more. the additional options need a revamp with some more options do you not agree? i mean some guys wives are going to go psycho but extras are amazing, not for free but to buy!
i'm not complaining, but i also have no interest in the cts. cmon has already given us so much wonderful stuff, and i'm hoping they continue to through retail or through here later in the future as well because there are a lot of good ideas on this board, and i'm sure there are a lot of good ideas they've kept to themselves as well. instead of for stretch goals, why doesn't someone reiterate for them what people here were hoping for, and we can hope to see them later on. i don't mind paying full price for a lot of what was suggested here (thriller zombie, dog survivor, more female survivors) and i hope they give me the opportunity to do just that (or another ks for the expansion). thank you, cmon, for making me excited about a board game, :)
i tell you this samurai nerd reward thing totally sucks
everyone of you who is is compaining about being offered more free stuff, can go ahead and please stop now. the cmon guys are giving you some really cool minis here, and you are complaining? i guess that will teach them and the penny arcade guys not to ever expect anything good from the unwashed masses. even if i wasn't a penny arcade fan, this would.be a cool gift from some people who are working hard. i for one say thank you cool mini or not!
seeing the new stetch goal comes totally out of nowhere, but it's cmon's game and they can release what they like. to be honest, though, if they're going to "go crazy" with a bunch of extra figs (the chuck norris was a hilarious addition), i would have much rather seen something from their own line of games--how about someone from super dungeon explore? i don't have anything against pennyarcade, or teaming up with those folks, but cmon lost some seriousness-points with this move. if they really wanted to continue paying homage to some action cheese icons from movies, how about an arnold or sly or van damme? seeing any of those would have made more sense. ah, well. i pledged in and am continuing to think about getting a second box.
i have no idea what penny arcade is.....
@cmon: i want more options!!! lol i do not know how to say this anyother way. if you give more options i would gladly purchase them to get the pledge amount up and obviously to get extras. more cards? more zombies? maybe a different colour of plastic for some zombies? get creative is all i am saying and you can have more of my money.
doubled checked ... the last real stretch goal for the base game was back at $180k when a game component upgrade was provided  ... the last six stretch goal (3 pairings) have been promises of expansion minis, nothing to be actually shipped with the ks base package as reward ... using stretches to promote and promise on expansions is treading on shaky ground.  i trust you will provide something base gaming related that is not "optional" purchase but a genuine show of gratitude for all tha backers.  looks like i'm joining the ranks of the complainers, but i'm not ... i totally understand the pennyarcade fan base pitch, but don't forget your now dedicated backer base.  honestly, when i saw the cts stretch i had for a fleeting moment the thought to reduce my pledge in protest, but not done as i am appreciative of the ks package deal already.  a tangible bee set thank you would not go astray, just saying.
just backed it. the amount of stuff you get for the abomination donor level is pretty insane, considering it's about $11 more than what the game will retail for.
@christopher: conversely, all of mine (locally) have no clue what pa is! hahaha.  i hope cmon and guillotine keeps making survivors and expansions to expands upon the line, and i hope all the post-ks additions are highly accessible (with fair shipping) to international customers. give them time for all those other great ideas this board has floated around.
i'd say a penny arcade mini is almost as good as another female, because i don't know a single one of my female gamer friends who wouldn't absolutely love to play as a pa character!
mixed feelings, hahaha
i'm just gonna leave a suggestion here.  i'm totally willing to increase my pledge (in fact i think i'm gonna throw in another $20 for eva and marvin), but the leap from $100 to $190 is big...and for only another copy of the game.  why not a $150 tier that includes eva, marvin, and a battlefoam tray, or some other type of goodies?  maybe a signed copy of the game?  i'm just spit-ballin' here.  just sayin'.  and yes i really want us to hit the $450,000 tier for pa now.
with 2600+ backers, it's no surprise that everybody wants something else. they're giving me free stuff, so i'll take anything with a big smile.
@bill redford  . oh, absolutely - they didnt have to put in any more stretches, so it's great that they did. but unfortunately, i have no interest in the model, which means there's no incentive for me to increase my pledge - it sounds like there are a few others who feel the same. . the bottomline, though, is that we are getting a ton of great stuff already, and i am happy - i just would have thrown some more money into the pot if the stretch goal appealed to me.
not my thing either, but it's a gift and i'm quite happy with the stuff we got already. i do hope however that the art work on the card will be done by edouard guiton like the rest of the set.
hmm..don't know penny arcade...don't think i need to.
this is pitching at cts fans!?  a little underwhelming, despite the kudos to pennyarcade.  a promise of an expansion mini pair as a stretch reward?  a mini pair valued over and above a chuck norris !? ... *sigh*.   i'm not one to complain normally, as i am most grateful for the ks package already, but an expansion mini pair promise that doesn't provide any tangible reward when the ks package is received?? ... sorry, less than impressed.
i don't know. the thing i liked about the other survivors is that even if you didn't know the actual movie or tv persona that inspired them, at least the sculpts represented some  type of archtypical character. ie. the street kid, the office worker, the cop etc. this guy though... represents the kid on his way to karate class? i think maybe cmon went a little too niche market for me on this one, but i guess it's really aimed at bringing the penny arcade fanbois into the kickstarter program which is what this is all about. i'm just thinking that a translucent green radioactive zombie pony being ridden by a zombie mj is looking pretty good right now.  ; )
i have to say, its not something i am familiar with and it means one extra male more than females but... really it's something they are giving us that they didn't have too. if we get it and you don't like it, sell it. or do some modeling and give him a real sword.
this is like a coitus interruptus.
@carlg2: totally agree. it sucks.
meh...a samurai with a cardboard tube?  that's the first stretch goal i couldn't care less about...  i'd have much preferred a spec ops-type guy with an assault rifle (or say a rambo caricature with an m60 machine gun as in first blood?)  i still think this kickstarter has been fantastic, but was hoping for a new figure with more serious firepower than the current survivors.  my opinion only...i know some people prefer the silly stuff.
cts ill take it! plus how can you really trump chuck norris... excited
i suggest reading some penny arcade. it's more than just a comic now.
dont read penny arcade, no idea who cardboard tube samurai is, no need to increase my pledge. :( i would have dropped another $60 if a tom savini as blades/sex machine was made though. oh well, great pile of stuff as it is - now i have to debate on buying the battlefoam trays... ($15 shipping to canada is an awesome deal).
we already have so many survivors that there is almost no room for the zombies on the board
lets keeper goin woooooooo
tomorrow is my birthday. we must smash past this goal by then! go penny arcade!
mean survivor
this is the part were troy never comments again. :)
another surviver :-(
aaaand...there went my wallet.
is this where i put my snide comment about chaz being the last stretch goal...?
cardboard tube samurai.  way better then a pony
awesome, they took my advice. this kicks ass. way to go pa!
omg!  this. needs. to. happen!
oh my boyfriend will now want to play for sure if the cardboard samurai stretch is achieved!  i'm enjoying the craziness happening : )
cts rules, i'm kinda excited about that one.  really hope things don't slow down.
and it's in! 450k for the cardboard tube something or other! 450k?! we'll hit tommorrow. and, whooooooo?????? so underwhelmed.
so, according to kicktraq there have been 442 new backers today and $61,000 . . . just when you thought it couldn't get any crazier
well, i'm off to take a nap before heading out to a midnight screening of the avengers. you guys have fun being silly/ serious  (whichever you prefer...)
maybe we need to settle this with a new poll. what kind of zombified animal do you want to see in the game? maybe the expansion could even take place on a farm (and have a few zombie sheep in homage to a certain film out of new zealand :d ).
how about a zombie pony with a spike protruding from its head...?
lets just see if they do another strech. if not i would be very sad
well. i have to admit, the pony requests are a hell of a lot more fun than the arguing that was going on earlier today. at least people are having fun. i was enjoying tracking the math, and making predictions the last week, but the last two days are blowing my mind, so therefore, with brain damaged hope, i submit: i would liked the pony to be molded in palomino print please. i'm sure that's possible.
@gregory, yep saw that but just saying not really looking like its needed.  i'm sure c'mon has something special in mind though. @scott ... not many but the way the spam has been, c'mon posts are vanishing, and anyone who wants to read the comments for information is now going to struggle.  still i understand the level of excitement, i guess i'm just reflecting my own annoyance. finally, kudos to aaron for agreeing to extend the work for another month.
let's debate saint augustinus.
i leave for a few hours and there is just total chaos. i just hope that the new stretch goal will contain something around the lines of (all or something) dice tower, dice bag, and the gas mask wearing soldier, female in daisy dukes, new super zombie, or something truly cool.
@scott: agree.
can't believe, more paint the town stuff.
really, john? how many do you think think "hmm... i wonder if i'll back this or not? i know i'll just check the comments see if people are being all serious or not!"
wow this forum got really... silly within the last 8 hours... this is my first kickstarter, is this how things normally end? troy, you derided everyone for acting like children for asking for more, but reading your comments these past couple hours can you say your behavior has been mature? can't we stop the silliness and concentrate on serious stuff like.... zombies?
@john cmon has already mentioned that they are working on something for the next goal.  it has been buried under spam.
there is a level of insanity that has developed in the last few hours.  perhaps we can keep the comments section clean for zombicide discussion that is at least semi-productive?  i know we are excited, but hey ... don't drag down the quality for potential backers. i'm still confident based on the exponential growth of backers and pledges that we will hit the magic half a million! do we need a new stretch? nope, would we like a new stretch reward? of course.  will c'mon provide?  it's totally up to them now as this ks has a life of its own now.
if you want to ride, ride the white pony
that would be so funny. . . . oh, and... . . . pony!
i can see it now... cmon guy 1: what should the new stretch goal be?  cmon guy 2: i saw a lot of people asking for a pony in the comments... cmon guy 1: seriously? i guess we should give me what they want... update #37 by popular demand: zombie pony!
choosing the new stretch reward unofficial poll  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger/stronger/meaner than abomination) = 12  2 - cardboard promo tile = 16  3 - dog survivor's companion = 12  4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 1  6 - radioactive translucent green zombies = 2  7 - silly pony :-p = 3 8 - a gag for troy = 200000
what the hell, i vote for a pony too! despite all the trolling and whining, adding in a zombie pony would be just about the funniest damn thing i could think of.
i can't believe (pony!) none of you (pony!) want to (pony!) play (pony!) meta (pony!) kettle (pony!)... :-\
pony!
@bruce: lol mr. m.  jackson is far from being a survivor for a long time.
pony!
forgot all the votes below. we need a survivor . cleb look a like. mr m jackson. dressed from thriller ...next logical model zombie version . you know it makes sense
lol
what do you want to discuss here?  quantum physics? this is about a game to have fun.
i dunno what to say....go to bed!
not saying they are less funny though ;-)
@carlos you are right. the quality standards for contents have been dropping as much as the pladges have risen whithin the last 24h.
pony!
i second brian. put it on the list
i hope you're not scaring off any potential backers. (i can see steve jackson updating again: "zombicide? oh, no, don't back that, there's a bunch of silly people in the comments hitting each other").
pony!
hey.  i want a pony shaped dice in a pamala anderson shaped dice bag!
number 8 is a winner.
8
i think we should play a game of virtual meta kettle - everyone picks an animal and starts posting that animal, if you get surrounded by two or people posting the same animal then you have to change your animal to the animal they posted!
choosing the new stretch reward unofficial poll  voting process so far: 11 - zombie boss (bigger/stronger/meaner than abomination) = 12  2 - cardboard promo tile = 17  3 - dog survivor's companion = 12  4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 1  6 - radioactive translucent green zombies = 2  7 - silly pony :-p = 2 8 - a gag for troy = 1
the pony should be at 50 votes by now you need to update your count
i suggested it ages ago, chandler, and everyone was like "no, no, terrible idea"
tile is winning.
the dice bag would be cool, but i voted for the überzombie.
mark me down for a pony too!
hmm... a pony shaped dice bag!
free international shipping is a good thing!
and maybe a dice bag.
@scott: you're pushing too much :-p
or 3 more colours of dice.
i do want free worldwide shipping. . . . and a pony!
i didn't want radioactive zombies - i hate the idea of radioactive zombies
ok, cool.
@cory: no, it's not your vote its scott vote. he moved from the radiactive zombies to pony.
i think it was for me, cory.
cardboard promo tile
fulvio: if the second vote for the silly pony was for me, you can take it off. i don't want to vote for pony, i was just poking fun. i want pamela anderson.
meta kettle?! anyone?!
hmm, how about a baywatch lifeguard survivor for the expansion?
we want the pony on the list now do it. i have seen at least 8 votes for the pony
choosing the new stretch reward unofficial poll voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger/stronger/meaner than abomination) = 12  2 - cardboard promo tile = 16  3 - dog survivor's companion = 12  4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 1 6 - radioactive translucent green zombies = 2 7 - silly pony :-p = 2
thanksfor clarification gregory ;-)
anyone know meta kettle?
@troy: wild dream of mine? i'm not talking about a pony every comment i post. i wonder about you and the pony...
add the pony now!
@gregory: thanks for the explanation. :-)
i want a pony too.
@fulvio which i wish you would put up every time you list the results as this is not the first time it had to be explained that it was unofficial
fulvio, you should probably put pony on that list of yours...
yeeeessss but dreams are good!
@markus just please be aware that what fúlvio andrade vote poll is unofficial and just his way of killing time while we are waiting to find out the new stretch goal will really be.
@markus: no, it's unofficial. just to have fun.
nope it's just some wild dream of his.
my vote goooooooeeeeeeessssssss to number 6 ;-)
ok i thought there is a poll somewhere in the forum like for zpocalypse ;-)
you vote nowhere. there is no voting for anything
@markus: just declare it and i will add.
where can i vote?
this pony issue seems to be a kind of fixation.
@shoogoo: there is multiple troys on this forum/comment area. so one was defending, and one is begging for a pony i believe. lmao a pony!
@scott: happy now bloody tea drinker. :-p
the spammer is back -_- fúlvio andrade
@ eric - cheers right back at you.
i can only imagine that cmon is blown away by all of the support and are thinking of one fittingly final stretch reward. i will be seeing the avengers at midnight.... so hopefully it's posted by the time it's over (or even better...before i leave for it!)
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger/stronger/meaner than abomination) = 12  2 - cardboard promo tile = 16  3 - dog survivor's companion = 12  4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 1 6 - radioactive translucent green zombies = 2
@ troy - it is better to be pissed off than pissed on
@erik cmon has decreed more is in store for us.
@troy.  cheers mate.
i hate to sound ungrateful (i'm not in the least, my hundred bucks is getting better and better) but are there any more goals after 340? i'm sooooo excited a) for the game and b) so many people are signed up to play!
@adam souza: rofl! that's the best suggestion yet!
them adding goals doesn't piss me off it all the begging for them
new strech goal --- cher -- only one figure, works as both survivor and zombie
@fúlvio andrade i am heartely dissapointed that radioactive translucent green zombies are nowhere on your list. http://sho3box.files.wordpress.com/2009/05/radioactive-zombies-online.jpg http://stores.homestead.com/flyingfrogproductions/catalog/ffpweb044_radioactivegravedeadgw.jpg
i sure hope it's my pony!
breaking news, cmon is adding a new stretch just to piss off troy the party pooper!!! more at eleven!
@gaia: just wanting the cherry is all! no hate put towards cmon, but you said it perfect, just wanting that cherry.
*gurgle*  (french guy eaten by a meta-zombie;  a big thanks to carlos for the concept, no matter how creepy it is indeed  xd)
@scott hill: lol i am not a big fan of the non-refresh system without losing the comment haha. definetly screwed me there. and @carlos: i am happy with everything as well, i just know they can do more. not saying i need more but this game has changed my outlook on board games again and it would be cool to see it grow bigger and bigger.
lol they gave in to the begging. thanks for more stuff cmon!
@ terrence: i back that in  a way. but there's also the fact that figures are getting historic here (i said that before, didn't i? :) )  therefore, i think it's in the best interest for all people involved (backers and publishers) to keep it that way. and that's when we need the proverbial cherry on top of the zombified cake, don't we? ;)
@cmon can't believe that you're throwing again something in... good work so far!
so, troy is a meta-zombie? creepy...
@shoogoo: xd !!!! maybe he's asleep?! who knows he might be french... he might even live in paris... maybe he's my neighbour!!!! aaahhhhhh !!!! no! get away!!!! get awwaaaayyyy!!! ... (sound of poor french guy being eaten by troy, first actual zombie in zombie history who actually pledged to get a zombie game!) xd
@terrence: remember that the eagle was supposed to be the last goal, one that we should have reached with the help of the 48 hour people. but battlefoam, penny arcade and ogre got in the way. i'm happy with the game as it is and even if they announced nothing,  i wouldn't have felt as if they stole from me or made anything more expensive.
coolminiornot - "in the meantime, you can go to bed ;)" huge loyalty points bonus right there, well done cmon!
@terrence: and thanks to teh interwebz you now look all whiney! :p ;)
and i stand corrected, the silence is broken, thank you cmon hoping this is huge!
troy qq
@scott hill: i understand the whole 48 hour thing but why wait? throw out reasonable stretch goals and some additional add ons and even a goal they believe can not be reached. if i can put the success of this project on anything is the continual addition of stretch goals. here i was just a student doing homework one day and on my facebook appeared a post from a friend excited about the dave the geek character being almost a copy of sheldon cooper. so here i was looking at this game. after the addition of melvin redfield there i was spreading the word on my facebook. and with the eagle addition my facebook went crazy. all i am saying is the addition of the stretch goals and continual support from cmon had got atleast 5 more people out of my circle. why stop now, why the silence in the last hours. they can capitalize on so much more by talking to us, "the backers"
we're putting the finishing touches on something and should be ready to announce in a bit.  in the meantime, you can go to bed ;)
not vouchers
i was also convinced to get a "the new goal is..." or a "thank, guys you rock! enjoy the game but right now we don't think there will be another strech goal."-message within minutes of reaching 340k. it is really weird what is going on since usually cmon are quite busy on the froum and today they have been quite, well, quiet. right now, it would calm me down a lot to see them post: "we are in discussion whether or what will go on. there will be no decission until tomorrow. this way i could go to bed (its 11pm in europe).
@mark keedwell: that (in the form of vouchers) was already suggested by someone, and then someone else pointed out that the kickstarter rules explicitly forbid it.
i reckon we'll see something announced just before or after the 48hr mark - to really capitalise on the boost that happen then anyway.
one thing maybe cmint could do is offer some insentive to maybe buy future purches from them maybe
cmon have run a remarkable campaign so far, i've been most impressed by the way they've judged it.  but i share your surprise at their silence today.  every minute that passes is another punter not being tempted over the edge to pledge by the desire to achieve the next goal.  they are still getting great figures, but how much better could they be with something to shoot for?
@terrence moch and david wiggins: "coolminiornot about 5 hours ago  rest easy folks, we got 3 days to go, and we're figuring stuff out for you all!"
i do not know if anyone else can see what is going on here. all this extra money is driving up the price of additional rewards. without any clear indication of another stretch reward the amount is building up and up and cmon has not released anything. so when they do the amount will potentially be out of reach in the time frame left. i am not saying i got anything against cmon right now but what i do not understand is how they have not made another stretch reward or atleast told us that there will be no more. we reached the last goal how many hours ago? they could have seen that happening and all i am asking is what is taking so long?
i'm sure the creative team are having some serious discussions. there is major potential for another up to $150,000 based on their decisions. lots of folks, like myself will know wait and see about upgrading even more. love a lot of the ideas for future figures - real market there for some really cool figures in zombieland!
i may be proved wrong, but i think guillotine and cmon will stick with what they've said about the limited nature of the promo minis. and, from what was said (which is pretty much what frederick posted), it sounded like they're making them in batches, so there is likely to be some additional ones that will be available, but once those are are gone they're gone.
i recall reading that the promo minis would be made available in other ways (conventions, prizes etc.) but would not be mass-produced or appear in an expansion. now, is making multiple new runs to sell individually on the website included in that, i have no idea.
im refreshing this site every 5 minutes. it seems to add about 500-1000 dollars every quarter hour now.
this has spiked over $100,000 in the last two days. $200,000 in the last five days.
@david bartholomew: i must admit i haven't been following the story of said limited edition minis closely, but is not the case that they were simply out-of-stock? so, for example, they decided on a limited run of 1000, made 100, sold those, and then made some more? not so much a 're-release' as a 're-stocking'.
@ gaia: yes, we zombified chuck norris. ... something that we'll regret the rest of our lives... not that they will be long ones... 8-)
to anyone using kicktraq for its final estimate: kicktraq uses the daily average multiplied by days left.  this is very, very grossly inappropriate for this project.  currently it's supposing we'll take in $13k per day over 2.5 days?  that is completely disconnected from what's actually occuring. kicktraq is still awesome, btw.  if you read it for data and analyze properly. as for current stuff, considering what's going on in reality, any estimate below $450k is pessimistic to the point of gross inaccuracy.  $500k is within solid betting odds - i'd say 70% likely, and failure would be extremely close. what would be required to make it o $550k?  another a-bomb.  the first a-bomb was walk of the dead - that's when this went from a 10k-a-day ks to a 20k/day.  the second a-bomb was the combo of chuck norris and penny arcade's mention.  can't be certain how much of each, but these give you an idea how big a boost is needed to kick it up again. note that there were minor bombs as well - every "add-on" that allows existing pledges to become bigger is a ton of help. what brought me in?  i told myself i was in if there was a third female survivor.  there was.  somehow i ended up at triplets...
as an expansion idea - not a stretch reward, as honestly it's too much material to mine - it'd be neat to see new zombie types, with attendant rules, for armored zombies - to replicate the police / swat / army forces that would succumb to the zombie apocalypse.  you could have armored walkers, armored runners ... maybe even an abomination that's armored-up as a result of a military experiment gone horribly awry ...
@everyone (else but... troy) : this project is a great thing really! what we're achieving here is historic in its own way.  and i can't think of any other option but for cmon and guillotine games to add something as a "reward of rewards".  i'm pretty sure the'y'll find something. french people are like that when it comes to last minute great ideas :) hey guys, i tell you: it's historic what's happening here! zombicide rules, it even zombified...  oh i can't say that.... but i must though...  yeah: it (we!) zombified chuck norris!!  w o w!
i still want my pony!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
an advise for you helen of troy go look for your paris. seems you need some care.
well, i'm in for $110 at the abomination level + my man marvin.  i have to say you guys have really added in a lot of sweet swag to this game with the stretch goals.  way to do a kickstarter!
@ troy: i don't know what kind of person you are in real life, troy. but, till the bitter end, it seems that you've done your best to be the most and, let's say it, the only irritating thing on this forum and project... so could you please leave us be for a while? please?
well out of the last 10 post 5 are yours so stop spamming
@scott - you are totally correct, they are a publisher/online retailer. they do however have their own line of limited edition figures...which are clearly labeled "limited edition" with an actual total number cast. implying that if you don't get one of these now, you wont be able to get one when they are gone. occasionally, they bring these back...sort of nixing the whole "limited edition" idea.. http://www.coolminiornot.com/articles/4790-cmon-shop-update-cmon-limited-edition-miniatures-back-in-stock    they aren't breaking any rules or laws, maybe its just that they just aren't being clear. don't get me wrong here, (going back to my post, it did seem a little harsh and accusatory) i fully support making popular limited run miniatures available again! if you didn't hear about it the first time 'round, or you couldn't afford it, you now have the opportunity to pick it up! the problem that some people have with it, is that there are people that buy things because they are limited and that they will increase in value over time...sort of like an investment. its not just in gaming, its in stamp collecting, comics, sports cards, coins, etc. if the franklin mint started printing silver american eagle dollar coins using the die from 1988, coin collectors who invested in that coin originally might get a bad taste in their mouth. a solution could be that the limited edition options are labeled 'limited availability' "if we have enough interest in this figure after these sell out, we will do another run of 300 so those who missed out the first time have a chance to own this great sculpt."
@troy: who is talking about spamming? the spam king himself.
now that would be a good character! cthulhu fighting zombies... or the survivors!
i've never been so entertained with a forum before...this is hilarious! almost as fun as people watching in walmart. lol, wow...people get so intense and driven mad on here..."cmon" probably sits back and laughs at more than 1/2 of the stuff that gets said on here...its like those christmas rushes where people get trampled and killed...entertainment at its best.
@scott: do you see what you did? just woke up cthulhu troy to torment us.
@scott: don't need to be rude. this is just for fun and several people liked it. i have no room for every suggestion. but this a free space you can create your own survey. finally, if not iimplemented now cmon can use the suggestions for the expansion. if you don't like the posts just ignore them.
lol yeah stop spamming
oh, shut up with your stupid voting, fulvio! cmon can read the comments, and they're not just going to go "yeah, ok we'll do what ever the most popular choice is" - you're also (deliberately?) missing several of the suggestions/requests that have been made.
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger/stronger/meaner than abomination) = 12  2 - cardboard promo tile = 16  3 - dog survivor's companion = 12  4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 1
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger/stronger/meaner than abomination) = 1 2 - cardboard promo tile = 16  3 - dog survivor's companion = 12  4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 1
@scott, maybe they will include those little plastic air sealed bags with their shipment box, or bubble wrap???  fun for the whole family!
@eric: "coolminiornot about 4 hours ago  rest easy folks, we got 3 days to go, and we're figuring stuff out for you all!"
@eric: cmon have hinted at something
@david bartholomew: still not seeing you post anything to back up your accusations.
so we beat the last stretch goal at $340,000...and we practically earned an additional $20,000, since then without a new goal... an ideas if chaz was the last??? or are there going to be new goals for us to break???
any new sculpt won't be ready in time for launch.  anything no yet sculpted ships with the 2013 expansion.  remember to take this into account.
@david gekiere: a general rule of thumb in the manufacturing of any product is 'the more copies you make, the cheaper it is per copy' - it's called 'economies of scale'. so however you work it, making alternate walker or runner sculpts will never be cheaper than not making those additional sculpts.
@cory it's been a couple days since i've checked bgg. i'm glad to hear that i'm not the only one that didn't like that connection. i've never seen wanted, so i can't say yay or nay to that. i can see jesse (awesome show) but it almost seems to obscure to me. by that i mean it's a guy in a hoodie. there's really nothing special about his design that makes it obvious who it is.
@cory: what i'm thinking is that it would be less expensive than new survivors. you need new sculpts/molds/whatnot for those too, and they're extra minis to make. whereas the alternate walkers/runners decrease the amount of other walkers/runners you have to make. surely you come out ahead? but then again - i'm not in the games and/or minis business, so what i do know :-) it's just what i'd like is all :-)
@alexis: my thoughts exactly.  in the unlikely even the game isn't up to par mechanically, i'll harvest all the minis for afmbe and my other zombie-featuring campaigns.
@ninian: i never bought into the occupy movement either. i think he's probably jesse from breaking bad. stephen suggested he could be james mcavoy from wanted...
@david: the problem with alternate sculpts is you would have to go back and do new moulds, pay the sculpture for more work, etc. it does add up quite quickly.
@stephen unless i missed something, the cheerleader and jock designs haven't even been released, so there's unlimited possibilities to who they are. also, i never bought into the whole josh = occupy movement because it does not go along with all the other characters who are actors/actresses.
@christopher: miskatonic was a game with great art and promising production values that never shared their rules or had any reviews. the game after release came back as mostly bad. playable, but not good. people who bought into that one are a little gun shy now. totally understandable imo. i've been very careful with my own kickstarter history and other than massive delays on things i want (black box glory to rome) i've been pretty happy with every project i've backed. i'm backing this one as well mostly because i do like the game and if not i can use everything with all flesh must be eaten if it comes to that.
how about alternate sculpts for the walkers or runners? surely this would be less expensive than extra minis, and would have a bigger impact, imho.
haha, rudy? that'd be awesome.
over at bbc we've sussed the survivors except wanda and ned.  buffy is probably the cheerleader mentioned but who's the quarterback?  rudy?
@christopher: aha! thanks for that. a much simpler answer than i was expecting, and i don't think that'll be a problem with this one either.
choosing the new stretch reward. voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger/stronger/meaner than abomination) = 12 2 - cardboard promo tile = 16 3 - dog survivor's companion = 12 4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 1
@paul: it sucked.
@christopher nelson: just curious, as i'm fairly new to kickstarter, but what happened with miskatonic school for girls?
i think maybe there are too many minis right now ( possibly because i have tupperware tubs full of them right now...). another possible promo would be more environmental tokens. the only ones i've seen so far (though there might be more, i have no idea) are the police car, and pimpmobile. maybe an ambulance, or an armoured truck. or barricades which help impede zombie movement.
can we not get dr peter venkman in full gear as a survivor? :)
@david: would you care to post some details to back-up those accusations? though, before you do, you might want to consider that cmon is nothing more than a publisher/online retailer - and only release the product and information given to them by the game and/or mini designers/developers - if something is announced as 'limited' and then is 're-released' that's the fault of those designers/developers not cmon.
i think a new $10.00 mini, with a free zombie version at $450,00 would be just what the doctor ordered...
i'd love to see elvira, mistress of the dark as a character. or rupaul.
upped my pledge again, it is now standing at $210, abomb+eva+marvin+white dice+foam+intntl shipping. could not resist those dice!
@stephen:  more dice is ok.  but i produce my own line of zombie dice (http://kingzombie.com/index.php… ) and don't need anymore.   i'd like to see more maps or equipment cards.  as stated earlier...we've got enough miniatures (i never thought i'd say that!)... so maybe some more game enhancing items.
i'm fairly certain none of the stuff the kickstarter backers are getting is exclusive to only the backers....even the limited (is limited even defined) run promo stuff will be available from cmon at conventions, etc. i'm not complaining, i'm still happy to support this game and get all the goodies at a great price! i'm just pretty sure that you will be able to get any of this stuff later without having to pony up extortionist prices for them on ebay. cmon is a great company, they are supporting lots of projects that i can really get behind (super dungeon explore, dark age, zombicide), and have really done an amazing job supporting and growing the miniature painting community as a whole! however...some people feel they haven't been quite truthful when posting 'limited' availability stuff on their webstore, making an item seem limited, using real-time inventory counters...only to re-cast and throw them back up on the site at a later date. this doesn't bother me so much, but people who impulse buy because an item is limited, tend to feel burned by the practice. i guess what i'm saying is, don't be too disappointed if all this promo stuff (except maybe the signed litho) ends up on the cmon webstore at some point after the expansion is released...however limited they may be...as they haven't made any promises to the contrary. again, this doesn't matter to me, this whole thing is still an awesome deal! but, i am seeing people posting who are worried about their promo figures retaining their rarity value. by all means, correct me if i've misspoken.
over 2500 backers! cool!
@alexis:  there's a biiiiig difference, this is being produced by cmon (who don't put their name behind crap products) and developed by some of the folks responsible for confrontation!  i don't think the fear of it being a miskatonic school for girls-type situation is rational.
@daniel welcome to the dark side. lots for you to catch up.
@daniel - welcome aboard! it is getting pretty hard to follow anything, with the massive amounts of traffic the last two day, but enjoy the madness!
woot ! finally got on board. so nice to be here!
speaking of classic movie people how about brad pitt as david mills from seven? his zombie form could have his wife's head biting on his hand and would be the perfect reason for his transformation.  of course a character based on pitt as tyler durden would be pretty sweet as well.
i would like to see more females in the game but as some people have pointed out, we started with 6 people and got 6 more. hopefully the expansion will include more female than male characters. i liked the idea of more dice. i would be happy to pay for some different colored dice. for a reward i think a ks exclusive tile would be awesome if they're gonna do more stretch rewadrs. however, i would rather have no more stretch rewards than to get one that i fall in love with and we do not get. my two cents.
my vote goes to more female survivors. buffy or river would be epic!
@alexis: the "lot of people" holding back aren't that many, if we look at the "backers by day" data (from kicktraq). this project will hit 400k easily without the rulebook or new stretch goals, i can promise you that.
@alexis surely the tutorial video gives people an idea?  not releasing a rulebook makes sense, as it's part of their priviliged info.
22 hours to go before the "remind me" mails are sent. the pledges are about to skyrocket again!
i don't think the project will hit 400,000 without a rulebook. lot of people holding back due to lack of reviews/official rules. i know we've got a lot of pieced together information which i'm mostly ok with right now (if not i'll adapt those rules) but i think there are buyers holding back having been burned by other ks projects (miskatonic school for girls?). just my two cents.
@bill would love a travis.  more classic movie people.
my vote goes to something like a promo tile, or tiles that is exclusive to kickstarter abominations.  that's what we are! i think realisitcally this is something they can produce that won't cost masses of cash for a mould or the like. i don't want another kind of zombie yet, as i'm sure they have plans for the expansion.
has anyone mentioned buffy? or river from firefly/serenity?
with 70 hours to go, kicktraq is saying $389,591.  anyone think we'll actually hit $400.000?
for another survivor figure, i'd love a look-a-like for travis bickle (robert de niro) from 'taxi driver'.  complete with mohawk haircut and 44. magnum.   " .... you talkin' to me ...?"
@matt: they commented on being in talks about some kind of stuff (that was the cue to start the poll). yesterday was a crazy day and the idea of a "last and epic stretch goal" was probably crushed.
@matt yes i would like that too. i hate the suspension. if they say: sorry guys that was it i am cool with that, but the waiting drives me nuts
@joshua thanks for the recap! 70 hours to go!  wonder if cmon aren't going to make any comment?  even if it is, no more you greedy monkeys!
instead of b-listers, maybe open more $2,000 pledge levels so the minis are more generic?
@ tsini, but zombies are easier to paint than those little kobold buggers!
argh!!! i was pefectly happy organising my finances then i founds this. bam!! straight to the bank accounts' kidneys! looking forward to september!! i better get on and paint my super dungeon explore minis to make me feel better about buying another boatload of minis!!
@zaviero, maybe i'll learn to type, sorry about messing up your name!
@zavioro, sorry, fell asleep last night. check bbg in answer to your question.
but who would you get as b-listers for these zombies?
@frederick:  i like it!   good way to keep those promos valuable
i feel they need to release more female survivors. a red headed fbi agent might be a good place to start.
@joshua and look at the value. still climbing gleefully.
@shawn:  you finally joined us!  yippii!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
fun stuff: make a later release of all the promo survivors in a mass-market box, but have the sculpts and card art replaced by a c-list actor who plays similar roles.  that way no actual gameplay gets lost, but the promos remain highly prized.
zombie boss going into the zombie-centric expansion does make more sense, though...
@matt, welcome back to the party! to update you:  troy is trolling everyone, but had appeared to stop, i stopped trying to keep up with the math projections after all hell broke lose yesterday on the pledging,  someone decided that they wanted to track what every would like to see next. (nothing official at all)
the pattern seems to indicate any new sculpt ships with the expansion anyway, so new kinds of zombies would be kinda weird.  we already have a figure for a boss zombie coming with the expansion, though - it got unlocked at $340k. rules for a "uber abomination" that you just paint in a different color could work, though. does the downloadable campaign use eva, redfield and chaz?  it's not too clear, considering the timing, and maybe announcing a new one (e.g. first one uses stuff that ships with abomination, second one uses everyone.)
i don't mind if the dog is attached to a character as long as the dog is a miniature. that's my main goal, haha. dog as survivor would just have item limitations that it'd offset with team benefits. remember that this is a co-op game, so having a character with a built in 'team-player' feature isn't so bad. michael jackson thriller boss doesn't sound bad either, though!
i vote for the dog companion, with a zombie version too! but come on cmon, we need a new stretch goal for 400k to keep the momentum going!
love the michael jackson thriller zombie master idea (make that one and my wife might even play this game). but i vote for "the guy who hates vans" seriously, a rough biker type dude, maybe a hybrid of tom savini and 'francis' (from l4d) with a little jayne cobb (from firefly) attitude thrown in for good measure.
oh a great survivor would be m jackson from thriller . and a logical zombie model
whatever the stretch reward is, i think it would be nice if it were only for backers of the kickstarter.
zombie cats!!!
and we can't just vote in a new kind of zombie.  i'm sure they'll have that in the expansion!
i'll vote for a zombie boss. :)
arg! i would love either the uber zombie boss or the promo tile. i will have to put my vote in for the promo tile as the abomination level is already getting a bunch of extra figures.
where's this voting come from?
esp with the noise mechanic, dogs can be noise generators controlled by a player to distract zombies and get them to move in a more desirable direction
i wouldn't say no to additional female zombie minis perhaps a female runner?
in other words.  dogs are awesome and shouldn't just be equipment.  :)
well the dog could play a different role then other survivors.  its a team game so not everyone needs to be there to kill the zombies.   maybe the dog is awesome at scavenging items or distracting zombies or any other thing. or maybe as he levels up the dog starts to get infected but its loving and loyal dog nature still keeps it on your side.   so it basically becomes a super strong mean zombie dog for your team(that can even eat abominations).  of course the zombie variant could be a abomination dog!
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far: 1 - zombie boss (bigger/stronger/meaner than abomination) = 10  2 - cardboard promo tile = 14 3 - dog survivor's companion = 10  4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 1
if people are counting, i'll back more female survivors again.
i think it was mansion of madness that had a character with a dog, which allowed you to ferry items and gain attack bonuses... i could be wrong it's been ages since i've played that
@zaviero: i think the idea is having the dog as a survivor companion.
i agree, dog works much better as an item. in addition to not using any items his only attack would be to bite the zombies, and then turning into a zombie...
and ge has a faithful dog fighting the undead with him! why was this not thought of! i am genius! i'll make one regardless whether cmon creates him or not.
the dog could be an item.  he gets a mini and stats if you adopt him.  he would become an additional weaker but useful party member.  high movement rate and noisy making him a very good decoy to attract the zombie hordes.
not trying to shoot people here. how are we supposed to play a dog as a survivor? how about this. create a new survivor who has the ability to use a dog for certain stuff like scavenging or aiding in combat. could use legend from i am legend. fits perfectly!
i'll have to be away for a while. would anybody keep tracking until i return?
i want more dice sets - different colors. i'll pay for them.
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger/stronger/meaner than abomination) = 10  2 - cardboard promo tile = 14  3 - dog survivor = 10 4 -  dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 1
random ideas if you are looking for additions: how about a sunflower token. a british, appliance store manager with a cricket bat. a guy who hates vans.   weapon tokens or minis, to match with cards. more tiles: from 9 to 18. crazy mishap/weapon card addition.
how is a dog survivor supposed to use any cards ? you need a molitov to defeat the abomination, good luck fido.
@almer genius. yup thriller zombie boss plus expando-tiles(trademark pending ;) ) - i want to go to there.
my vote would be for more female zombies.   there is already like an 8:2 ratio of male to female zombies.   how about female zombie runners or fattie?
@fulvio - dog is a nice addition. do't want any more zombies 8)
some idea if they made a double sided promo tile with distinct different sides. for example the scenario one and a park, at least something that's completly different from the regular tiles but can be in conjunction with them. set the stretch goal so that  you get one at abomination level and one extra when you bought the extra tile set. this will entice people more to buy the extra set as it will give them the option to use both sides of the promo.
dog and a thriller zombie would be great.
thriller michael jackson boss zombie = genius.  that must happen!  (also, just backed the game a couple minutes ago, it looks great!!)
thriller michael jackson boss zombie master to control the walking dead into the dancing dead.
using a tablet to post. sometimes it's very slow.
right one. sorry choosing the new stretch reward. voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) = 10 2 - cardboard promo tile = 14 3 - dog survivor = 8 4 - dice bag = 2 5- choose one of expansion's survivals = 1
fulvio why did dog survivor number go down?
@fulvio i vote for option 5!  (don't know if it being on the list is already my vote or note, if it does then disregard this =d )
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) = 10  2 - cardboard promo tile = 14 3 - dog survivor = 5  4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 0
@jose vera, fair enough. and i can understand. just happen to have the idea and was hoping to find someone willing so wed both get more for less. . offer still stands bu i understand no one wants to take the chance.
@cory: awesome!  if we don't get a dog, i'll mod one in. know the miniature i'll use for it and everything. would still prefer to see a cmon version, though. so far all their sculpts have been lovely.
can i ignore troy too? i promise i'll try real hard to do my best ignoring...
@fulvio... if no bikini clad asian girls... then i guess my vote is for the tile...
@erich: yep, you've come to the right place!
this is where i ignore troy, right?
i vote for the tile too!
my choice would be #2 - cardboard promo.
@fulvio put my vote in for promo tile. would love to see that.
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) = 10  2 - cardboard promo tile = 10 3 - dog survivor = 8 4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 0
we need a thriller michael jackson zombie ;-)
i wonder why 91 backers stay at the $75 level with all those extras for just $25 more.
i would only split things up with people i know in person. no rep = no deal.
if we are going to start a poll, we should probably have it on the cmon forums http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php… it would be easier to keep track of, and establish a place for all of us zombicide addicts to congregate after the kickstarter is over
lol, when did this become the d3 forums? there's more bickering on this page than i've ever seen in the history of ks. =p
a hobo with a shotgun and his 3 legged, one-eyed, deaf dog named "lucky". sounds intense!
dog survivor
a dog would be able to use items.  he can use the dog bone, collar, dog backpack and dog mounted missle launcher items.  which are all items we are going to ask for in additional stretch rewards after we earn the dog...duh!
@troy, are you referring to me when you say sounds like a scam? . im not trying to scam. im being quite serious. id even set up a sell on bgg or even ebay to cover all bases. and ill ship to the u.s. so that its noted. . i wouldn't ask for money until i had it in hand and the details were worked out. . im quite serious if anyones interested.
@almer: great :-) vote added.
a dog would be stupid. he can't use any items...
@fulivo -  put my vote down for the dog survivor.
@ charles - you can find it when they give it to us...
@fulvio no i didn't vote i did however mention the printed tile including all the reasons i thought it was a rather eligible option for comn to entice people with something usefull, without it costing to much. but that was about 3,5 hours ago, just before started counting.  so if you want to keep track, this is my vote  :d
when you get the game flip over one of your hero cards and make a dog! how hard is that?
please come up woith a goal soon. $390k is just round the corner given how it's going. we wouldn't want to miss that do we xd
hey, where can i find the tile online?
that is why i joined in on the gimme gimme fun! i want more of everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think a dog survivor would be amazing, a la dogmeat from the fallout series
troy is right, the eagle has landed post does say these are the final awards.  of course that was before both penny arcade and steve jackson linked over here.  with 3 days and a lot more money coming in they may generously add some more. at this point i am happy with what we got but i am excited to see what they may offer more and see no problem with people throwing out ideas.  part of kickstarter culture is stretch awards and anyone who takes offense and acts like a jerk when people ask for more is really missing the point a bit.
@almer: need to be sure to keep track
@almer: have you voted before?
@brad, i love that idea! i didn't think about that, mostly because i am most familiar with zombies!!! tile system.
i am happy with it all i even wrote them a nice thank you letter days ago.
oh wait, i think i found it coolminiornot  " rest easy folks, we got 3 days to go, and we're figuring stuff out for you all!"
still voting for the cardboard promo tile if they decide to dangle a new gift in front of us.
it's update #30 the first line says it all
i'm already trying to work out a way to play via the 'net with some friends that also bought in.  presumably it'd be pretty easy for us to match tiles up and such.  even if the games took a few days to play as we were taking turns over aim or something, it sounds pretty awesome.
k let's do our part to ignore. just ignore his posts. this was such a nice place to read about the wonderful ideas us faithful backers have for such a soon to be real game. i for one is happy with all the items given by cmon. more realistic goal would be something that doesn't require too much development cost i believe. i kept reading anout having a dog. don't think that would be reasonable for the base set. maybe something for expansion?
@ adam. go read the eagle has landed update.
sounds like a scam
this means i can still hold out hope for that big mean dog, :d
i've read people saying that "they" said zombie eagle was the last stretch goal, but i haven't actually seen that from anyone actually connected to cmon on the cmon frorums, kickstarter, boardgamegeek, facebook, or dakkadakka, where i've been  following zombicide. @troy, if you could point it out to me where i missed it i would appreciate it
if anyone wants to go in with me to bump up the $90 to get another copy of the game and split it up, pm me on bgg under the same name ropya. . im wanting the tiles, cards, and tokens and will pay to ship the rest to you. perhaps the extra zombies that are offered and the dice. you can have everything else from the base game. survivors, zombies, promo survivors. . or we can work out a ideal split. . pm me on bgg
ha! i think the troy proposal should go on fulvio's vote as well! (i was refering to the pony, right?)
well fingers crossed they change their mind on more goals . must say didn't think they would do it so well done
how was i proven wrong? i don't see a new goal?
troy proven wrong. again. now let's ignore him please.
how am i trolling? i'm just asking for stuff like all the rest of you? and i want ummmmmmm i want ummmmmm i want a bike! then we can ride that bike with the chainsaw! awesome!
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) = 10  2 - cardboard promo tile = 9 3 - dog survivor = 5  4 - dice bag = 2  5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 0
$400,000 stretch goal:  you get a video of someone from kickstarter taking a dump in troy's computer case.  call it a refill, the tank's got to be getting low by now.
wow... never knew trolling can get you so much attention. let me try troying (see what i did there?) . i paid $100 for the game and nothing else you greedy idiots! who needs extra free stuff! so i shall join you guys. free expansion at $1,000,000! . k now i just hate myself.
rest easy folks, we got 3 days to go, and we're figuring stuff out for you all!
@troy, this is getting silly. no reason to act like a troll when you get a few angry comments thrown at you. rise above or shut up, or better yet apologise for your behaviour and join in on the discussion like a civilized man. for my part i would love to see more goals. not neccesarily for more free stuff, there has been plenty of that already but it may see the project rise even higher. there is still a few days left and i see a definite possibility that it might go as high as 450k or higher. more strech goals might help this. we can wish all we want but in the end its cmon who decides and i am happy either way.
@fúlvio: my vote goes for the promo tile :)
can't we all just be thankful that this game was even created? if it weren't for the creative talents at "cmon" then we all wouldn't even be here. so be thankful we'll even get to experiance this game, cause there are tons of people out there that won't. have it be we pay for dice or not or they make a new character or they don't, who cares! pledge what you can to show your support, if you can't, then don't, if you do, then congrats and have fun with what's sure to be a fantastic game. but to sit here and complain is silly, and pointless, either join the collective and pledge your support or leave...bottom line.
gimme 40 more walkers and 10 more runners and 3 more fatties.... oh yeah and i want 20 map tiles! thanks cmon!
@shoogoo: sure we didn't he is an idiot by nature. it's deeply engraved in his dna.
the first 3 promo figures will ship with the game, but chaz will ship with the zombie promos in q2 2013.
i just went to grab lunch and came back to both zombie chaz and 70 new messages!
@stephen they will ship out with the expansion.
@ troy. i think if we did hit $1,000,000 the expansion should be free. great idea.
if this was put somewhere else i apolize for the reask but, when do the promo figures ship out? the time of the game or the time of the expansion?
i want a pony!
troy, turn the computer off and back away slowly.  it's for the best. congrats to cmon and all the backers!  that's a truly awesome figure!
well, we didn't need to push him a lot to show is idiocy
@zaviero: :-d
we can has cheeseburger?
all game should ship with a free pack of gum!!!!
i'm one of you now! next stretch goal $1,000,000 the expansion is free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we can have a new zombie. troy the party pooper.
troy, relax.
don't pay attention to troy. he doesn't worth the synapses.
next stretch goal $1,000,000 the expansion is free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
troy = troll
next stretch goal $1,000,000 the expansion is free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
people (including me) are obviously pleased that they are offering more, and hence are pledging more, why should they not take advantage of the interest in this product - it is why they are on here.  if it upsets you, you can cancel your pledge.
lol, troy your an idiot. end of story.
i was the fourth backer on this project. i was the second $100.00 pledge. i have been here since the only reason to jump up to $100.00 was one extra mini. one, and we didn't even have concept art for those promos even! i have seen this blow-up and have been here from the beginning. if cmon does nothing else, i will still be more than satisfied with the $250.00 my pledge grew to. if they add more goals, or more add-ons, they will see my pledge increase. either way, i'm a happy camper and anyone who wants to be a fun-murder can so suck a lemon shaped rock.
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) = 10 2 - cardboard promo tile = 8 3 - dog survivor = 5 4 - dice bag = 2 5 - choose one of expansion's survivals = 0
complaining about your lack of manners is all i'm doing. you act like greedy kids. so now i will act like you guys. can't beat them join them next stretch goal the expansion is free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! next stretch goal the expansion is free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! next stretch goal the expansion is free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
also shaun vote for me, even though i could buy a figure & already saw a homebrew character sheet on here a couple of days ago for him already lol
where is the tile online?
@ shoogoo, well said! troy has been complaining this whole ks ride.
i'd vote for/wish for a new map tile as well.  new terrain lets you really expand games like this - keeps them feeling fresher for longer.
@chris: well the idea is cool. i will add it.
guidelines: if you don't like a project, don't back it. no need to be a jerk.
next stretch goal the expansion is free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@sebĉjo your right!
@troy...and they aren't allowed to change their mind after unexpected eruption of growth?
nah troy, you've been bitching since we reached 100k. just trying to be the white knight defending cmon. which you fail at, since you don't understand how it works obviously. it's in their own interest to give a stretch goal since in less than 24 hours every one is getting a reminder that the project is about to end. you keep telling that people are begging and whining for stuff, but when i look at your comments i see plaintive whines too.
@fulvio i'm sure they will, but it would be cool if we could give some type of input, i.e. a vote one of the survivors for the expansion, before then.  i would assume once the expansion would hit kickstarter, they wouldn't be looking for as much input as they would have it all sorted out by then.
i think we've got more than enough, but what's wrong with wishing. at the very least it may give cmon ideas for expansions the fans will love.
@jose: i guess you're wrong. shaun is the best idea ever :-d
i'm perfectly happy with what we're getting (hell, i was perfectly happy way back when i first pledge and only 3 promos were planned), but more is always better and what better way to waste away the time coming up with ideas for additional items? i'm not even saying they need to be made for this ks. most have mentioned wanting a dice bag, maybe when the expansion is created they will make a dice bag that we can purchase separately. it's just a bunch of talk of what we would like to see somewhere down the line.
i vote for the tile
if you want them to get your message there is a send message button right above...
shawn of the dead inspired survivor is a cool idea.
they are the ones starting it. all i said was "they said it was the last goal" and all of you get bent out of shape
@troy, our "beggings" are being heard and some are being made realities. give me your free minis then because they were influenced by beggars. i dont think you want those dirty minis that  the beggars suggested.
@chris: after the success here i think they will start a kickstarter project just for the expansion.
do you see me begging? i'm not. and i'm not a party pooper either. just go with the flow and enjoy the ride while it lasts. peace.
if they did feel like adding more stretch goals (understanding that they're under no obligation to), then of those four that fulvio is tallying, i'd want the promo tile. or that shaun of the dead survivor idea from a few pages back.... :)
at least i'm not on here begging
just watch troy, just watch.
@jose vera: agree. @troy if you don't care about the extra stuff give it to us.
@fulvio please add an intangible reward to your list.  i vote for a vote on 1 survivor for the expansion.  i think cmon has their plate full with what they've done so far and an intangible reward might be a better fitting one since we've already been promised sooo much stuff.
all i'm saying is they said it was the last goal.
just ignore troy, he's been proven wrong at least 10 times and keeps complaining. even on bgg he's annoying. let the guy talk.
@charles salley - directly from the designers themselves on http://guillotinegames.com/en/blog-how-do-survivors-emerge "counting heroes the survivors dropped from 8 to 6 since zombicide's beginnings. you may soon find the last two of them, the cheerleader and the football team captain!" they then asked for input on starting skills. i think it's safe to say that these two character types are "in the works" for the expansion or something else down the road.
yippieee-ka-yeah!
@troy, ill take all your miniatures then if you dont want any of the free ones.
biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiim!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and *he* battered. damned fingers. or is it me turning into a promo zombie?
*read* below.
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) = 10  2 - cardboard promo tile = 7  3 - dog survivor = 5 4 - dice bag = 2
@vegar: why "small"? i rad below bigger was better ;-) troy does not understand the concept of "dream". i already battered around that it was impossible for us to get a new free survivor, and yet: the eagle. let him be the counter-power.
random question - but how will all these extra minis be shipped? if they're recorded as higher value than my original $100 pledge on the box, us brits are going to get screwed in customs import charges! please please just put $100 value on the box, regardless of how many extras it comes with!
woop! zombie chaz!
w00h00!
@ troy...that was before they did over $100,000 in 2 days... i know they didn't plan for that to happen, so putting out another stretch wouldn't be out of line. if they do add another goal, great! if not, oh well. but we can still speculate and ask.
woot!
$340019 - woot - zombie eagle! :d
we made it!
grats all
woot!
done
whoomp, there he is!
101 to go
oh sure, altough i am content, i do not think it is wrong if people would wish for more, dont get me wrong :)
he's coming!
1
@troy: give it a rest mate..we have all heard you thru out the day....let people wish for things all are happy but there is nothing wrong in suggesting more maybe they didnt recon we would make 340k so fast so they might give one last small stretch anyway people should be allowed to wish for certain things without you commenting on all of them
i know its kinda late for them to add some type of physical incentive for another stretcher goal, but it would be cool if they added a stretcher goal with an incentive of say, we get to vote on 1 of the next survivors in the expansion.  not something we are given physically, just input.  this way we still have something to "work towards" while the kickstarter plays out its last days.
i'd prefer the tile. but i think it would be better if they make a pdf with a campaign system and a way to randomize the map. or new items. or new scenarios. or "advanced rules". it can be a lot of things which aren't physical but still adds to the game.
what part of that was the last goal do you guys not get? they said it's the last goal. and we are so close to getting it. we did good. you can all chill out now. they gave us so much. and you sit here asking for more? "as we go into the last days of this kickstarter, we'd like to give you two last goals and rewards."
@john: i guess everyone is, how could it be different...
1
i am very satisfied with everything we got already...
wasn't there something about a cheerleader and football captain in the early stages?
maybe another zombie that is as strong as abomination but it is not an abomination. i still want to see a soldier with a gas mask! and a female survivor in daisy dukes. please :)
i also 2nd dog the bounty hunter
cardboard promo tile +1
that'd be nice. but think of this, its jumped a lot because if the battkefoam. something they are not making money on. so im not sure well see another goal. and instead of demanding something more, like free figures, perhaps make a suggestion and a request? and i don't like the more figure idea. we have enough zombies and 6 extra survivors. maybe some new tiles or cards perhaps? more official scenarios? . no matter what, im happy with my purchase.
choosing the new stretch reward.  voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) =7 2 - cardboard promo tile = 6 3 - dog survivor = 4 4 - dice bag = 2
as we go into the last days of this kickstarter, we'd like to give you two last goals and rewards.
i dont think a zombie boss would work.. only because they have said that only certain weapons (damage 2 weapons) can kill the abomination... so if there is a badder zombie, the would have to introduce new weapons as well... or the zombie boss would be unbeatable... except for chaz's roundhouse kick...
yes, another goal would be fun, if nothing else (give a reason to keep hitting f5).  even if they set it at something crazy, like $440,000 or 500k.
i want a big boss also!
well considering that 'chaz' has (virtually) hit both levels in under 4 days.... another stretch or two doesn't seem impossible.
dog survivor. absolutely.
at this point i would really love to see additional campaigns and scenarios. cannot believe the how fast the total is climbing.
i like the promo tile or maybe even a set of multiple promo tiles.
1
as i said before. if they do another strech goal, they have already decided on it, so our ideas are either late, or they had them before.
yeah... he's coming...if not, if every abomination level supporter chipped in an extra 50c we would hit it anyway.
with $1.5k to go and this thing traveling at breakneck speeds, i'm just going to call woot on zombie chaz
i seriously doubt they'll make any more figures at this stage of the game.
@fulvio: promo tile,i wanna say. ;)
choosing the new stretch reward. voting process so far:  1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) = 5 2 - cardboard promo tile = 4 3 - dog survivor = 2  4 - dice bag = 2
as much as having the promo tile in print would be cool, the idea of a dog survivor is too cool to pass up.
i'm not sure what the voting is goign to do but it seems interesting so i'll vote as well. without seeing how big and bad the abomination is (we do get 2 and in the video it says once he comes out the game is almost over) i'm going to have to vote for 2, the cardboard promo tile.
2
hi there, are you planning an italian version of the game? if you need an extra hand i'll be glad to help.
@brian: yes, but we are dealing with a world where all our certainties dissolve...
@anto: nice :-p
wil wheaton in renaisseance armor sword & shield. or sir richard branson shooting bottle rockets. clint eastwood in the poncho good bad ugly. da terminataaaa arnooooold schwarzenegger. so many possibilities.
i'm more than happy with what we have so far, but in the spirit of fun, my vote goes for 1. zombie boss (bigger than abomination)
voting process so far: 1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) = 4  2 - cardboard promo tile = 2  3 - dog survivor = 2 4 - dice bag = 2
this has gotten so crazy that i stopped doing the math for projections, since they are changing so rapidly! not to mention this comment section filling up so fast!
just stop all the cries for more.  it wont happen. the pledge will stop at 339999. the eagle cant be zombified!
@matt: i hope they'll still update afterward with some video of the sculpting of the promo minis :-)
the wording on this one bugs me. "as we go into the last days of this kickstarter, we'd like to give you two last goals and rewards." we still have three days to go, and we are about 3k from hitting this goal. i'd love to see more stuff pop up...... just sayin'
@chandler, so true
i have to admit before the battle foam i didn't think we'd do it. i'm happy to be wrong. i'm really happy with what we've got.  thanks cmon. will miss this page once it's all over!
3
3
just 24 hr ago many of you doubt we will get the zombie eagle, now you are crying for more....
a dice bag would be nice, should be quite a cheap one for the guys to add too.
anyone got hold of the rules ?
my vote would be for (in this order) a) female survivor (prefereably twins) to even out teh male to female ratio. b) i like the dog... hope there willbe zombie dogs in the expansion c) new tile... would i would really like is a japanes girl in a bikini top with daisy dukes and a cowboy hat... either holding a katana (although we currently have 2 of the 3 females with katana) or 2 revolvers... and a slung sword...
@cerkan: what about a jill valentine or claire redfield? (i'd propose chris or leon, but there's  still a shortage of ladies, and my gaming groups tend to have more than their fair share of ladies)
voting process: 1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) =4 2 - cardboard promo tile = 2 3 - dog survivor  4 - dice bag = 1
i'd like some different sculpts for the most numerous zombies - walkers, runners etc.
alice (resident evil) ? dog survivor ?
how about a pdf guide breaking down what they used for points to generate character abilities so we can more easily create balanced character cards of our own (the mini is the easy part, just go get any heroic 28mm modern figure)?
...4k to go. this is actually crazy.
i vote for 1 , 1 zombie boss fully painted up right ?
concerning the extra boss. i think we don't even know how hard a abomination will be, we have two - so i don't see the need for a new boss right away.
@christophe: bigger is better :-p
i want clint eastwood 8) gran torino type
i missed 4. sorry, my bad...
good way of looking at it, sven :) (and i like the doc brown idea)
@fulvio: why "bigger"? why not "alternate"? vote: 2 and 4 !!!
well, i'd love a bttf doc brown-survivor (we need a 'real' doctor), i'd love a set of dice for every player, i'd love a bag for them, i'd love the extra tile... ...i will love anything cmon will throw at us... ...i will still be happy if there isn't another strech goal. i guess that summs it up for me.
i vote for 1
1 zombie boss to go please
@fulvio andrade : vote for 1 ;-)
ooo... or jonathan coulton with a guitar. heh.
vote: 2
let's vote.  1 - zombie boss (bigger than abomination) 2 - cardboard promo tile  3 - dog survivor 4 - dice bag
i know a lot of people came here from the pa shout out, but i think the d6generation podcast should also get some recognition for their part in the recent bump. they are a very well respected board game podcast... russ, craig, and guest host romeo (owner of  battlefoam) briefly talked about zcide in episode 102, which just came out on tuesday night.  russ is a backer... that probably prompted a lot of people to take a look at the project.  his jedi mind tricks worked on me!
let's vote. 1 - zombie boss (bigger one) 2 - cardboard promo tile 3 - dog survivor
i don't think that the one extra tile should be a paid-for extra. but anyway, since we are so close to 340k and cmon has been seeing this rising all along i am sure that our ideas here will not be heeded because if they do another strech goal, they have it sorted out already. maybe the tile would be the strech goal once we have broken the next..
cardboard promo tile seems like a cheap and sensible option, yep. what would go on the back? anything obvious that would fit our promo survivors? (and could we get two if we've ordered the extra tiles? :p) also, random brainstorming, but a dog the bounty hunter survivor would be kinda amusing down the line. :d
i agree, the extra tile would do nicely since we all get the scenario anyway.
the cardboard version of the online tile would be really nice too, i agree.
i love your idea christophe, but i'm afraid it won't happen :[
the winchester would be a great location tile.... it should also be a weapon option :)
somehow i must disagree with you fellow commentators. i would be uncomfortable with a game released with 6 player's minis, and then updated with more than 6 with promo minis. if there is an ultimate goal, then i wish it is something else. i commented on "updates" about an abomination version of chaz, as a tribute to chaz beeing the last goal (actually zombified chaz). more realistic, the cardboard version of the tile for the online version :-) or even more fun: as we are talking about double-sided tiles: the tile with this original campaign's side on one side, and a different but still original side on the second one. pleaeaeaeaease?
the ones that vote for the biggest zombie boss ever say yes!
tracking it this way (as a countdown) just goes to show how quuickly the money is pouring in!
with limited edition winchester tiles :)
5
5
they've got to save something for the expansion - i'd say from the feedback here, bruce and sean have got to be contenders :)
yep, shaun would be a splendid survivor :)
so nearly at the goal and still a few days left, which begs the question...  why hasn't a bruce campbell promo fig been announced?  :)
i'd die for a shaun of the dead character.
i like the idea of a sean of the dead character.
we will hit 340k in the next three hours.
we should have gotten simon pegg with a cricket bat as a survivor :) like the idea of a different end of level boss type creature to spice things up.
wow 334k
in the unlikely event that another survivor is to be dangled in front of us (or perhaps a promo for the expansion?), and picking up on the arnie-nator ideas expressed earlier, can i vote for his zombie version to be lacking legs and crawling forward with clawed hands, most of the skull exposed and one eye gone (perhaps with his sunglasses smashed on one side to expose the damage, but somehow still hanging on the other side?   just a thought...
@zavier0: seriously.  imagine setting some goal in life with a numeric component.  now imagine achieving 1700% of it.  like a boss.
6
i don't expect anything more at this point - but given we're going to hit zombie chaz with 3 days to go, well, i dunno. got any more surprises for us, guys? :)
hey cmon...i have an extra $30 or so if you came up with something else i can't live without...
1700% over projection, assuming we hit 340k. nicely done.
biggest zombie boss for the next new stretch!
holy frig i can't believe it's at 333 look out zombie chaz, what else ya got for us.
it's kinda insane how fast those numbers are going up now... wonder if the cmon/guillotine people ever imagined this?
7
woho
i'm quite happy with the amount of content that's coming out with this game. to add another promo survivor would just be crazy, there would be more promos than those that normally come in the box. that being said they still have over three days worth of time to come up with more stuff after the pa shoutout pretty much gave us chuck norris in less than 24 hours. so i was thinking maybe they could do something like a downloadable (or print) comic drawn by the artist that's doing all the character sketches. something that adds a bit of backstory to this game, as i feel that's about the only thing we're really missing right now.
@sebcjo.  thanks for that.  i found who i think he is and have sent a message.
also, cmon is the publisher. the designers are from guillotine games. i guess that cmon will be using this account for any ks games/expansions/things they publish, to generate brand recognition.
8 ;-)
8
8
@inyokamadoda : i found him on facebook where you can leave a message.
backed under their cmon account.  most ksers go pretty light on the backing overall.  steve jackson (ogre) outright linked people to here in an update, but has only backed shadowrun; i'm pretty sure steve himself couldn't keep his hands off this if his mortgage depended on it, though, so he probably has a personal account as well.  i'd guess the same thing here.
@aje007.  i'm sure you're right.  i just thought it was amusing.  i notice that the makers of zpocalypse have backed zombicide in return though.
@matt zitron.  i need to send you a private message.  are you on boardgamegeek?  and if so what is your user name?
@inyokamadoda i don't think so. cmon is on here as a company, not a single individual. i'm sure they backed it as a nod to zpocalypse.
not at all, so did i
well 8.566
is it weird that the only project that cmon has backed is zpocalypse?
@inyokamadoda i thought you might have missed the next number. then i realized that i just hadn't refreshed in about 30 seconds.
yes 9 ;-)
9
@inyokamadoda, no, i don't think you can pm them. always worth looking for the same name on bgg, though.
9....
is there any way i can contact another backer privately?  somebody posted something on here that i wanted to comment on but not to the community at large.  i seem to be able to look at the other projects they are backing, but there is no private message option.
@cory.  you're probably right.  even though this is my first kickstarter project, i'm amazed at the momentum this has gained!
3 days, 3 hours .. plenty of time !
hmm .. ok that blows the idea of gift vouchers.  happy with how things are currently, delighted more than i already am if cmon provides one more booster for the easily attainable targets of $400k and $500k
so not only did penny arcade give a great shoutout to both you guys and ogre, but the ogre kickstarter gave a shoutout  to you guys as well!
also, @kyle: 3 days.
you are correct, cory.
@kyle: hopefully when they wake up... (cmon are based in the us, and they may to rouse the designers from their hungover stoupers to okay anything further...)
i'm not sure gift vouchers are allowed on kickstarter.
prediction - over 3000 backers, and over $500k pledged.  over three days to go, easily achievable with the exponential growth in interest, backer numbers and pledges.
@john: now that is a good idea! i'd still rather get free worldwide shipping though. or even the 3 more sets of dice. and dice bag.
so when are you guys going to add another goal? i mean there is still 2 and a half days left.
@scott .. yeah that sense.   to others pondering about another encore ... what do you all think about a c'mon store gift voucher to spend on product in the future, eg additional minis, expansions, mini paints etc.  ?
@inyoka: they put the concept drawing of chuck up on bgg way back in january, so he has definitely been floating around for quite a while. i imagine they just wanted him to be their final kickstarter goal so they kept him back until it seemed like they were about done. i don't think they were expecting quite this much though.
@shoogoo: i'm hoping i get one of the early ones, not the latter ones where his signature is just an unreadable scribble. . @todd: yes, we get lithographs - the base rewards are cumulative - so, 'abomination' = 'fatty' + dave, 'fatty' = 'runner' + boxed game, 'runner' = 'walker' + el cholo, 'walker' = 'bitten' + nick, 'bitten' = signed lithograph. or, in other words, base rewards at 'abomination' level = dave, boxed game, el cholo, nick, and the signed lithograph. all stretch goal rewards and options are then added on top of that. . @john: i would have thought he'll start painting minis as soon as they come off the production line, rather than waiting 'till september to do them all.
ok, i'm going to start off the zombie-chaz countdown for thousands of dollars left to pledge: 10.....
although they already said this was the final strechtgoal (and they realy gave quite alot already) we'll going to reach the 340k easily with probably the two most important days to spare. if they  want to reach further and decide to put down antoher goal, adding the ever populair tile from the extra scenario in coardboard would be a nice one if they decided to do another at say 400k - it's not that expensive for them to produce compared to a new mini, with it also already being designed and all. - it adds to gameplay and it's been requested quite a lot. - it's not the worst if we not reach the goal, as it is also going to be there as download anyway.
i wonder what cmon actually thought would be a realistic goal for the kickstarter project?  was the $20,000 goal a true goal, or were they expecting some of what has happened and just pitched it low to ensure it would happen?  we had rumours of a chuck norris type survivor pretty early on, so for it to surface now seems very 'convenient'.  even if this was the plan all along, that is cool with me.  just being curious.
aaron paints apocolypse scale armies for commision proffesional and i have seen him do project bigger then 1,500 figures.  trust me he will be fine.
@todd we do get lithos.
@ christophe, aaron will be painting to army quality, not showpiece standard.  with multiples of the same model it will be faster than we think - he's a professional.  of course he will be doing a great job .. i just hope aaron films some of his work so other zombicide painters can learn from him.
*(a bit less, but i'm lazy)
@shoogoo: only 3.300+/- litho to sign. i'm more concerned about aaron: 12x108 minis to paint by september. say 16 weeks. around 100/week, say 20/day, if you keep week-ends off. (a
i definitely think there should be more female characters for the expansion. maybe something like a ripley-esque construction worker.
do we get lithographs? it's not one the list for abomination pledges.
let's all have a thought for edouard guiton who will have to sign a bazillion lithographs by september :d
@aje007 final furlong!  and the battlefoam helped alot
what!? i just woke up to 100 new backers and $15,000 more in pledges. yesterday only made $2,500 during the same time period.
@chandler we all had that wish!
i hoped i won the lottery to get this last paint the town. unforunatly it didnt happend...
@fulvio maybe!
again mean 3 k backers.
mean backers.
will we reach 300k backets?
@inyoka: 2- yes i have. the concept even show a second one on the back, which disapeared in sculpting (so this affect not only dave ;-). nick also have a cell phone in the pocket. the runner does have like an ipod as well. there is lot of details. 3- i wanted to paint him like a prisonner, along with the orange suit, but the mask and the tools do not stick with that. i guess he is something like a building worker, wearing a mask during paint job. one of cmon comment suggest the .pdf rules will not be online before end of pledge. there are enough extract on bgg for me to have a happy opinion about it, anyway. @shoogoo & co: yes, comments grow too fast now. we should avoid new backers :-)
i like the idea of a storage bag.  i want to organise my box but can't afford battlefoam.
nice ... the painted sets are sold... the hard work for aaron is about to begin !
if the guys at cmon really do want to go for a last push goal, i think the idea put forward a few days ago re. 3 more colours of zombicide dice has a certain charm.  we could have a red, purple and yellow set, and combined with the white, black and glow-in-the-dark sets already available that would mean a set per player.  minimal manufacturing costs given that so many are being made already, and they could even come with a cool little zombicide dice bag.
what do you mean 'if', matt!? :rolleyes:
zombicide bag to hold those battlefoam inserts anyone? that would be pretty sweet!
i would like to see another goal i have to say.  maybe if we hit 350 we'll get a suprise!
we need a $350k goal
i think the main benefit to the extra tiles is that you can use both sides at once, if that makes sense.
@jarrah: i have, and i've no idea, but i do know i don't have a table big enough!
a few things: 1.  there is a page on guillotine games website where it shows that they are intending to give us the rulebook in pdf format - http://guillotinegames.com/en/gamestuff 2.  did anybody else spot that the abomination miniature has a camera round his neck?  weird. 3.  what is the fatty supposed to be?  he has tools in a belt, some kind of overalls on and a face mask round his neck.  some kind of mechanic? 4.  did anybody else spot that one of the runner sculpts is actually a runner, as in wearing shorts, trainers and headphones. do i have anything more urgent to do that just sit and try and work out every single detail of this game?  yes.  do i want to do anything other than try and work out all the details?  no.
have many people gone for extra tiles? how much longer would it make the game?
last pain the town has been claimed!
@shoogoo you'd be surprised. i came across this while i was on bgg and saw an advert banner at the side of the site. pledged for the game 30min later after creating an account. now following this sucker like a relegion.
@niranth wait what? sde expansion coming soon? oh crap... i need to stop eating 3 meals a day already... where did you get your source?
yeah, i agree. it's not as good as free though! :p and as i said to someone else, it is wishful thinking, but then the more i thought about it the more it made sense (particularly when you ask yourself the 'if they did, what would you do, take the money out now, or wait?' question). and i can't think of anything else that would makes sense as a final final goal. so it's that or nothing, imo.
@scott i know international shipping. $25 is a good price and if we were to all remove it i can see it having a massive effect. maybe i'm wrong. i'm just trying not to look a gift horse in the mouth as i know it's a good shipping deal.
and the "it'll cost them money" argument is wrong for another reason - the only way for it not to cost them money is for them to not add another goal! a new mini (or 2) will cost money. a comic will cost money, stuff doesn't just appear out of thin air, for free.
@shoogoo yeah i know...when i pledged there was like 500 backers but it is lovely to see this many people care about this game it has helped us all imensly and without a doubt it will be an awsome game all we have to do is wait till september and 2nd q of 2013
damn so many comments! when this project started i was happy to read the 5-10 daily comments :d
even if half the backers are non-us (which i doubt), and they're all in for $40 shipping, like myself ($25 for the game, $15 for the foam) which is highly unlikely, that's still only $44,000, over $50,000 was pledge yesterday, and we still have 3 whole days to go!
and remember the us backers already have free postage - and, you've been following things - what percentage of the backers 'du reckon are non-us?
@matt: i think you're not thinking it through - if they added a free worldwide shipping reward at 400k, would you remove your $25 before that target was reached?
i suggested to cmon that the do a zomicide comic with art by eduord guiton. great promotion for the game.
i think people suggesting free int shipping haven't thought it through. we'd have to remove $25 and that'd drop the total.   i'm happy with what i have. not saying an extra stretch goal wouldn't be appreciated.....
@scott *shrugs* a guy can dream, can't he? its not as if i'm demanding anything. lol. oh, except a zoo expansion. zombie gorilla would be freaking killer!
@jason: not going to happen, one more survivor = one more zombie = two more minis = twice the additional production costs = rapidly diminishing returns at this stage. remember higher goal requires more backers means more mini's to produce.
@zaviero, the next sde expansion is due about the time these ship., so more of that to paint too!   i sent a note to gen con, hopefully they will give a shout out to boost the pledges a bit more :) i want to wear my zombicide t-shirt during the friday zombie shuffle.
how about a mad max reference?
it is seriously tempting... i'd make more money that way than leaving the cash in the isa...
@manuel: if you mean i wouldn't sell it, then yeah, that's what's stopping me from doing it!
@ scott: you won't! ;-)
@manuel: i'm tempted to empty my isa and grab it for myself to sell later on ebay... :p
@niranth agreed. i don't want anything to delay shipping any longer. waiting for this to arrive at my doorsteps is killing me a day at a time. i'm talking about small perks that has nothing to do with production for us faithful backers would be nice. i've yet to paint my super dungeon explorer set. that's another truckload to paint. oh my deity, why has thou forsaken me.
@zaviero, i too am very satisfied and am thankful for the additional plastic crack.  my point is that new models are more disruptive to the production schedule.  as i have tons of other minis to paint, i am going to revel in the b-movie campiness of raw plastic!
i'm still studying as well. i'd just take one or two painted minis and make them become a part of my pro-painted collection.
if chuck/eagle goes down to the zombie horde, then there is only one man who can save us..... ash !!!!!!  he shops smart. he shops s - mart
if only i have an income now (college student), i would have pledged for paint the town, saving myself all the trouble and getting someone to do a much better job at it too.
hey guys...would there be some of you willing to share the last paint the town? discussed here: http://boardgamegeek.com/article/9084720#9084720
ah well i'm pretty much satisfied with whatever cmon is throwing in already. it ain't wrong to make a happy man happier and get happier themselves too right? 2 birds with one stone.
there is that too, shoogoo (though one could just paint them differently!)
@ninrath: i'm pretty sure coloured plastic costs more than grey (not much but some), plus you'd have to make them transparent (because they need to be different to any of the survivor colours), which is a whole different type of plastic all together, which might even require different molds or manufacturing processes.
@niranth: no thanks, i really don't care for colored zombies since i'm painting them and i'm not alone on this either.
of all the suggestions i have read so far, the easiest for cmon to make would be alternate color zombies, preferably a selection in radioactive green.  the added feature for them is they light up a dark room, making searching for items easier. but they  give one extra damage.
@carlos i backed it at abomination and all the extra stuff except battlefoam (the decision is killing me). you have to ask yourself if you need that many zombies, given that they already have a mechanism in the rules that take care of component shortage. 100+ of zombies in one set is a lot! extra characters seems pointless, given that i rather make new characters with different models than to have repeats. if you are buying for a friend, by all means, but that means extra postage, which once again, is the thing stopping me.
exactly, zavier - and that's why it would work - i'm in for abomination plus all the extras except the 2nd set of glow-in-the-dark dice, which with non-us shipping comes to $230 - so i'd wait 'till the very last minute and if it were a good bit above 400k only then would i pull the $40 shipping  (and if by some chance it then dropped to below 400k i'd forgo the foam trays (which i'll be able to get later anyway), and probably get the additional glow-in-the-dark dice (which i won't))
hmm a lot of more's in the last comment huh...
free shipping would also make me spend more.. but i don't think we should expect more and i am more than satified with all the stuff that we got thank you cmon..
@zaviero i agree. shipping to asia is a killer. but i still would back this. not sure if abomination or survivor level though.
if it's free shipping, i won't retract my pledge anyway. i will just buy more muahahahahaha! the only thing stopping me from getting battlefoam or another set is the additional shipping cost. man staying in asia sucks when i always see such stuff going on in the states with free shipping. the shipping always kills it.
*20k to 30k pure profit
so if it's a 400k goal, that's an additional 60k to cover maybe 30k to 40k non-us shipping = 20k pure profit (plus you can be sure they're already making a sizeable profit on this (they'd be stupid not to be (and cmon aren't stupid)))
@john true dat. didn't notice the number of backers. how about card sleeves? that's what eaten by zombies! did for their last stretch. then again, they are from mayday games anyway.
@john: about half those 2000 are in the us and they already get free postage on everything!
2000x$25 = $50,000 .. are they going to blow that away + the likely reduction in pledges once people see they don't have to pay their postage (which is currently included in the pledge totals) ...  don't think so folks !!  there is nothing rational about free postage at all.
one does not simply have too much pledges. just add a simple goal that does not require any further development. like say free delivery or something. something small to keep people going.
yeah, it's wishful thinking. :p  but, if it was me, i'd add a final final goal @ 400k, and i'd make it something like free worldwide shipping, that didn't add manufacturing costs, was affordable, and was a big thank you to the reasonably sizeable non-us backers. something that thanked everyone, us and non-us, would be better, but i can't think of anything that wouldn't also add sizeable manufacturing costs (like another figure (also another figure would have to be two more figures (survivor + zombie)), or more dice). and free worldwide shipping would work because though you'd get some pulling their shipping money at the risk of losing some extras, others would leave it in until the 400k is definitely secure and then withdraw it, and a number would just leave it in to either get additional extras or as a bonus pledge.
its been fun while its lasted... now the worst part...waiting for delivery.
why not just start adding the rest of the expansion material?
lmao. right there with ya troy.
keep dreaming kid
@troy: "like to" leaves room for it to only be a desire not an absolute.
@ scott - "as we go into the last days of this kickstarter, we'd like to give you two last goals and rewards."
@troy: actually they only implied it was the last goal.
argh i want a bruce campbell figure now...
@ zombielord - they said that this is the last goal. it's in the eagle has landed update.
bruce campbell as ash housewares plzz.
i would like to see a stretch goal that benefit now instead of waiting for the expansion. waiting for expansion to see chaz is killing me already! how about promo cards eh?
*end of the campaign
now....lets get a stretch that gives bruce campbell as a final bonus after zombie chaz
i reckon they could say free shipping worldwide @ $400k, have everyone outside the us reduce their pledges by however many $25s and $15s, and still hit that target by the of the campaign on sunday! (and probably be able to afford to do that)
the average per backer is 142 dollars. nice!
i wonder did they actually think we would make it to 340 for zombie chaz. i mean when i first saw the goal i thought we would make it to the 290 but i thought we would hit that barely. now with 340 a few hours away will they throw one more goal at us to reach a even higher amount of pledges
oh my, what a difference 5 hours makes! (and, hmm... i wonder why i only got 4 hours sleep? :p) unless, as someone said yesterday, the zombie outbreak has already started, zombie chaz is so in the bag already.
so yeah $25k to go until norris goes zed on us. . i wonder of there's only darkness after that? i mean, at that point, we lose chuck, mr chin fist, what will do? . perhaps, maybe, there might be a light in the tunnel after $340k??
i would really like to see a four pack of survivors...  with team rules...   don't cross the streams! who ya gonna call?  zombie busters!
@adrian, i agree, to a point.  id get zmore zombies true, but i feel i have enough. the extra survivors would not be useful, for me. nor would the box, rules, etc. i can't get the extra tiles for $20. so it would cost another $70 just to get more.cards, for me. . but that's all ok. im happy with it all. and i have this deep feeling that the extra cards wont be an option. for now at least.
@ropya to me if you want the extra and anything else from the base game you are best off upping to survivor (i am very much considering this)
everyone needs a zombie milkman!
@ dustin / @christopher that link.to board game geek has links right at the top for the facebook page, the designers blog, etc. it's pretty much one stop shopping for rules info so far.
im going to try and get cmons attention about the extra card idea. maybe they can figure out a way to offer it? maybe $10-15? . @ninlan, a buddy has gone in with me on survivor. he's keeping his promo survivors, but im getting his extra zombies. so im good with figures. don't need doubles of the survivors, im good with some 135 zombies, extra tiles are $20, so i can't see paying another $70 for the cards. . yes i know if i went for a third set id get anothet whole set of extras but im good i can't everything, but the cards. . im seeing a 16 tile, 12 survivor, 100+ zombie game. id like more draw and zombies cards to mix it up and keep down the re shuffle. . that's where im at. id like more cards, but not enough to dive in for another whole game.
with how fast we're heading towards zombie chaz, i can still hold out hope for an awesome dog!
oh my god... zombie chaz, c'mon kickstarter! do it up!
ok, my earlier comments were not showing, now they are all in. i wish one could edit comments...
no, that was suppost to say test.
teat
@brandon: of cause you can add extras to any pledge level. however, 10$ buy you one figure (well two since it ships with the zombie version) per pledge, not per copy of the game.so if you want all the extras for both games at the 190-level, double the figure (e.g. 40$ for both survivors) and add it to your pleadge.
@ropya: would we totally interested in alternate and more cards!
@ropya: i 100% back the extra pack of cards idea (as long as it's not too expensive) now new stretch goals are badly needed and, please cmon, no dematerialized stuff! if we hit 400 or more, i think we deserve something special, and solid :) !
@frederik, you already have 2 promos in the 75$ pledge. however i believe it could be gamers on a budget that where annoid when they figured they were asked to pay even more (mav and eva) to get all the extras so they dropped back to 75 knowing that they would get the base game. another explaination is that people believe that all the strech goals come with each copy of the game (including fatty pledge level) as it is usually the case with strech goals.
@ropya.   i agree!  i'll buy extra cards!
@ropya i was interested in an extra set of cards as well as extra figures so i just added 70 to my pledge and got another base game.
looks like $340k won't be an issue. my goodness how quickly it picked up.
im hoping that we might be able to purchase an extra set of the cards from the game like we can the tiles. that way we can have larger piles and more diverse draws. . anyone else interested in this? . maybe if we get enough interest shown they'll offer it, just like they did for the tiles. . thoughts?
@christopher/@joshua thanks for the heads up, i will check this information out, hopefully it will be enough information to satisfy my unease.
@dustin/@billy: there's a group who has a review/overview of the game on their facebook page that shows some shots of the book.  what is readable looks to be just fine.  i've seen enough about the rules to not be worried at all about the actual mechanics being a dud.  if anybody wants to jump in with the link, feel free.
another minis would be nice, there is never too much minis :)
@dustin this thread on bgg has tons of info gathered. http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/795478/partial-rules-scenarios-and-hero-dashboards-skills
i'm pretty sure it shows something in one of the videos with different scenarios as well, i think.
one question... where is the rulebook?  do you have some copy you can put online for backers... it worries me a little bit that this otherwise amazing looking game doesn't even have a "beta" rulebook posted yet.
@chris, yes, thru battlefoam
wow. over $50,000 today and over 300 new backers! today's growth is off the charts! when i started tracking figures a couple days ago, i put us ending between $350,000 and $380,000. i sure don't see us hitting below $400,000 anymore.
@chris- they said they would be. right now you are saving by getting them shipped free, saving you 10-15 bucks.
nice of stve jackson and the ogre kickstarter project to give a shout out to zombiecide:  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/847271320/ogre-designers-edition/posts/219541…
chris, more than likely yes.  c'mon said shipping is free in us, but if you buy them from battle foam you will have to pay shipping.
will the foam trays be available after the kick starter is over?
im thinking were hitting zombie chaz tomorrow....... . maybe, just maybe, cmon will make another stretch goal?
pledged last night!! extremely glad i did!! wrestling with the idea of the foam trays since i'll probably be doing a wash on everything. regarding zombie chaz... (i'm sure this observation has already been mentioned: chuck norris would bite zombies and start a pandemic of "walkers"!! :d i really can't wait for this.
keep going! 500k  :)
@cory janzen i also think cts is a good idea. bit absurd, but then so is 400k.
$ 30k until zombie chaz and three days to go! truth be told, i could not see us getting anywhere close to a zombie chaz, but the way pledges have been flying in, the goal seems more achievable by the hour! :) it is a shame that is the final stretch goal :)
no fat, no abomination. next stretch a monstrosity.
@mark ... i saw that pi projection on kicktraq but to my eye its a straight line projection still, just factoring the slope over the last 24 hours, but not factoring the exponential growth of the backers over the last seven days.   i'm happy with the current arrangement but just curious if we can hit the 500k mark if the current growth continues .. i reckon we can, but dependent on massive growth in the last 36 hours
how about another stretch to honour our mention in pa? maybe a gabe survivor? cardboard samurai survivor...?
what size are the tshirts going to go up to?
i'm glad penny arcade pointed this out to me...  of course i am also kicking myself because i just pledged $170 for a board game...
cmon what about another stretch? 400k?
@ben don't worry about the flyer, early promo material.  but glad you actually read the stuff we put in your box though!
http://www.prestigeminis.com/ ... awesome paint jobs !
@john, i don't think that will happen. the highest kicktraq is estimating is $450k.
@mark, valid point, especially on the 15 year old point. but, if it was my kid, id look into this of course, and seeing the difference $25 makes, id make it happen. $25 is a lot,  true especially on now a days, but cut out something extra for 2 weeks and im sure you'd find it. just my thoughts.
only one pro-painted set left folks .. go for it !
i just received a flyer for zombicide with a mini order from coolminiornot.  it saw te game is "for 2 to 6 players".  your kickstarter main page says 1-6 players.  which is the real zombicide?  i want a solo option!
@mark taraba: these people will still be banging their heads on the wall.  also, very basic math says if you can hang on until the zombie survivors ship, you can make back the difference selling a mere slice of the extras at a price where people will thank you profusely for them.
any one taking bets on a final pledged figure of half a million !?
@john the dance of the seven veils... radioactive beer.. it was a classic...
@brent..thanks for the quick reply....i fear there are going to be many people who by monday are going to bemoan the fact that they did not jump aboard...i know that's how i felt when i forgot to pledge for d day dice!
new stretch goal for 400,000 sam hell (roddy pipper) from the movie "hell comes to frogtown".   lol.  ok, maybe not.  most of you won't remember or most likely never heard of the movie.  i still think we need a stretch goal for 400,000.
@john, the zombie characters ship at the same time as next year's expansion, which includes zombified versions of the 6 base characters as well as rules on how to use zombie characters.
i was really serious.  i was shocked that i found out about this through penny arcade.  i'm glad i got in before sunday, because i would have kicked myself for not getting in on this.
i think we're going to hit $50,000 for the  day!
@fredrik, what you assume is that everyone has unlimited funds. some of those $75 might be a result of 15 year old saying, "mom, can i get this game?" and the $100 was a harder sell than the $75.
since there are zombie versions for the extra figures, are there special rules which would convert them to zombies during gameplay? i do not recall if such a rule is already implemented for the original group of heroes since they have no zombie counterparts.
@branden, i understans that you can get the extras no matter what level youre at.
brandon, as i understand it the $190 would get you the two boxed sets with the extras, but eva and marvin would not be included. to get two of each would be and additional $40, if you wanted one set of each for each box. this would be true of any of the optional things.  at least this is how i understand from friends earlier tonight.
@aje007 thanks!
*eva my bad.
brandon- nope you still need to add for those!
@brandon you can add marvin, evan, and the rest to any pledge level as long as you add the correct amount to it.
@joshua: that seems very likely. they announced the eagle was the last stretch... will they be able to resist doing some kind of last-last 400k goal?
question, at the $190 level do i also get to select marvin, eva, tile pack and so on? (sorry i only checked a couple of pages of comments, not all 1577 of them.)
well, i usually stay up for another hour or two crunching the day's numbers and stats, however, i am amazed as to how well today went and am confident that chaz will be zombified in the near future, so i will call it a night early so i can wake up to a pleasant surprise in the morning!
there is not a doubt in my mind that this will hit $400,000.
looking at kicktraq, i'm half expecting to come back tomorrow and find the blue and green line crossing each other.  that's mathematically impossible, you say?  well, they also say that about zombies.
there should be an ash(evil dead)  figure if not already said.
@carlos: i've noticed.  that's people who only read the pledge levels and not the man page.  it seems like a good deal, going just from that.  hence banging their heads later: "so, you didn't get the 41 extra zombies, 6 extra promo figures and two sets of dice for $25?" "wait what!?"
@frederick yeah... twins should be easier on the sculptor and would bridge the gap between the male and female ratio... i was just looking at the hasslefree minis though so if cmon does not make them then i will have to give my money to hasslefree instead... :)
i just noticed that the average pledge per backer went up a few dollars today... thats impressive!
@alan: the only thing that needs extra shipping is the battlefoam and any extra games (the 2x, 3x and 6x abomination pledges).
@sean, the $190 pledge gets 2 copies of the game plus 2x the free stretch goals but must be shipped to the same address. if that doesn't matter, then $190 is the answer! you even save $5 on each copy!
@frderik: very slowly, but the number of $75 pledges has risen. there must be some kind of arcane reason they don't want all the extras.
@sean: yes that's here.  i'm at x3, with 60 extra walkers!!
ok i am back on board!  the chuck norris look alike got me back on board!  :o) this is an awesome project.  while my gaming group does not usually like cooperative games i hope they like this one.  that is the first reason i dropped my pledge 10 days ago. well as well as backing two other games that end within five days of each other.  just gonna have to tighten my belt for a couple of weeks is all. :o)  $500 combined is a lot of non essential spending. :o) which unfortunately might be worse with my next question. i thought i read once; unless it was for ogre i am thinking of, that we could double are $100 pledge to qualify for double the stretch bonuses as well as the game? thinking about giving it out as a gift the second one but can wait to get the 2nd game if the bonus wouldn't go for both games.  i do see the $190 option but want to do double. now that i am writing this i might of already asked this on this forum. cant remember if i had asked for the zpocalpse run or this one. for which ever one i asked before i was told to log on with a different email account.  i know with ogre you just have to double the pledge. wow long winded.  hope people can understand what i am asking. :o)
how many of the people at $75 pledged early and have no idea what happenned since, you think?  that pledge level is towards criminal lack of mathematical ability... i imagine at least some of them will bang their heads into the wall about this later.
@todd, you buy the optional minis separately.
@bill redford: i suggested something along those lines.  make them university students (we have teenagers covered already), and add glasses for to hit another fetish.  making them twins even allows for the lazy trick of sculpting once and packing two-a-box, selling both for $10.
dumb question: if i upgrade to "survivor" i get two sets of all stretch goals, such as one copy of chaz for each boxed game.  if i add marvin and eva's do i also get one per boxed set or do i need to buy two of each so i have a "complete" set of bonus characters for both sets included in my survivor pledge. i hope this makes sense.
if i add the tiles to my international order do i have to add even more for postage? already added in the $25usd for the abomination package, eva and marvin.... want to add the tiles but not sure if this would effect the p&p.
can i get a recap for international shipping (australia in my case)? thanks guys!
we're already experiencing the effects from the shoutouts by ogre and penny arcade. a big surprise awaits the cmon guys in the morning (i guess they're sleeping or something, since there's no update for the 290k goal).
there is a 3 count limit to the extra promos as i read it.
thanks - i just saw it in the faq. really appreciate all the help.
@david, shipping in the us is free!
correct! free shipping to the us!
thanks everybody. and since i live in the us, i don't have to pledge for postage - correct?
we need to add another stretch goal to keep momentum going.  we could hit around 375000 maybe 400000
@david, you can add as many marv or eva to your pledge, just increase it by 10$ above your pledge reward level for each you want to order. after funding you will get an e-mail asking for which extras you would like to have added to your package.
i think i saw them say 3 per order max....but i have no idea where i saw it!
are you limited to one marv and one eva per abomination set or can you buy multiples once you reach that level?  sorry for asking so many questions but when i change my pledge i want to get it right. hey, if it helps i'm a senior citizen buying for my grandsons! lol
if things keep going the same rate as the last three days ..... we would land somewhere above $400,000.
upped my pledge another 30 dollars for the tiles and marv.
@bill, are you saying that this project has infected us?
we have cleared over $40,000 just today!
we have to stick together... we are part of the zombie community. :)
so three days away and forty thousand to go. sounds possible to me.
thanks bill and jose, this was very helpful. i appreciate you taking the time to help me on this.
@david: also remember to add the cost for shipping. i believe base rate is $25 outside of united states correct?
wow 300k
and there's $300,000!  holy cow!!
to change your pledge use the bue 'manage your pledge' button to the right.------->
@david, it will only be $120 if it says $120. wont go to $220
jose, to change it to $120, do i have to delete the original posting of the $100 to the account? if i post $120 now, will i in fact now have pledged $220?  really is quite confusing.
@david, tell you friends about this great board game! :d
@david. yeah add the money now. ther are 3 $10 options, the wite dice, eva, and marvin, tehre is a $15 option the glow dice, and a $20 option the tiles... if you add $20 to your total, then you dont have to decide what you want until the kick start ends... so you mjay want marvin and eva now, but when the survey comes you could choose the tiles instead if you wanted...
thanks jose and iain, i really would have messed up and been very unhappy! any other tips?
@david, make sure it says $120 with the abomination reward selected.
i really want a sean of the dead simon pegg survivor.
you can specify in the survey.
add now!
@david wiggins: add the money for eva and marvin to your pledge now, and after the ks is done you'll be sent a survey to select which extras you want.
i just pledged at the $100 level and think i understand all the benefits.  little help here, i want to add the eva and marvin figures - so if i understand it correctly - i do nothing now, and after the project closes out - i'll be given that option.  am i correct, or am i supposed to add money now to my pledge?
i really want to see a female character in daisy dukes and a male character with a gas mask.
@terrence, yes, and it warms that guys heart to see doc brown mentioned again. although it is 3am here and so this guy will really go to bed now. hope to wake up to 310k. good night.
the 345k stretch goal should be jack bauer-esque
well if we are looking at one more "pay" item... my vote would be for another female hero... we have 3 of 12... right now... so... how about twins... 2 asian girls... school girl outfits... etc... i would pledge another $20... one with sniper rifle, the other with a huge spike club...
next promo should really be another female character.  we have nine guys already, and only three girls.  if you count only included minis it's worse at 8:2, and counting zombie versions is 14:4. that said, a survey does sound engaging.  doc brown brings in an old guy with a more intellectual bend, where we have plenty of prime action-hero types.  maybe the next-next goal! regarding champagne, listening to their video multiple times as i pitch the game to friends made me think they should invest in a better microphone, as well.  -wink- i've put about $2.5k into kickstarter since wasteland 2 started.  i like to *think* it's all rational decisions. btw, ogre ks gave zombicide a shout out in their latest update!
any chance of a rulebook before the close of the project?
adam just wants more.zeds.for.his rpg lol. adam where's your ks page?
hopefully the mention on http://penny-arcade.com/ today will drive some more people this way.
brooks.  zombie max brooks
or zombie max beooks
agree with adam those radioactive walkers look bad ass!
still think radioactive (translucent green) walkers would be an epic stretch goal http://sho3box.files.wordpress.com/2009/05/radioactive-zombies-online.jpg http://stores.homestead.com/flyingfrogproductions/catalog/ffpweb024_radioactivegravedead.jpg
5:30pm in phoenix az usa
as soon as i saw this project i knew i had to get it, between this and ogre my wallet is in tears...
@frederik vezina: i had brought up potentially a poll to decide a last hero, like cmon can go through all the comments and pick there top 4 or something and allow us to vote for it on here or facebook or literally anywhere. characters resembling a rockstar, a big bulky guy like arnie or jason vorhees, maybe even david tennant, and a guy named sven tscheppainz came up with doc brown from back to the future. and there are tons of others. this would increase hype and get people talking and would definetly get another 10 dollars from me!
right 01:18 in the am here, so i'm off to bed - will probably be dreaming of zombie chaz...
@fredrick: if i were them, i'd be drinking champagne already! (they are french, after all)
at this rate, we'll be crushing the 340k goal with time to spare.
out of interest, does anybody know how to find out what has been the most over-funded project in % terms?  the pebble watch is clearly doing the most in $ terms, but i can't seem to find out the % winners.  i know this doesn't have anything to do with zombicide, but i'm new to kickstarter and you all seem to know how it all works!
right there with you guys.  i somehow zipped right past $425 going from "hey, that $100 thing looks too good to pass up" last thursday. math: doing a solid $30k+ a day for the last three days.  ends sunday at noon.  if thu/fri/sat can keep it up, we'll make $390k some time saturday night.  $350k final would now be a very conservative estimate - it means our final t/f/s made less than the worst three days of the previous week.  cmon will need to come up with a new goal. note the chain where success brings publicity, reached goals add value, and excitement breeds word of mouth - this thing has reached critical mass and at the end of last week, and is now basically unstoppable. i can just imagine the designers sitting around a table looking at he numbers with blank stares of disbelief, one occasionally letting out a long, loud scream of content astonishment, at which point everyone join in.  the whole thing must feel pretty unreal.
what time is it in the us atm? (both coasts)
woohoo! the trend's hit $340k!
and we have done over $36,000 today already, crushing our previous highest day by over 2000.... with five hours still on the clock today!
wow, $296k came quick. i think there is a good shot of hitting the next reward level.
$3980 in the last hour alone!
i started at $100, and i'm now at @220. i think i'm going to learn how to paint minis just for these. i might even get into collecting more games with minis, as this would be my first one.
all that yellow almost brings a tear to my eye! teehee :p
i pledged at $100 on day one (i was the fourth backer!) and that has blown up to $250 well placed dollars! on day one i was nervous about skipping right to $100 for just one extra promo mini over the $75.00 level...
wow. looking at the kicktraq page almost brings a tear to my eye. look at those numbers... http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/
@ scott... my initial pledge was $75... which turned into $100, the $110, then $120... then $210... i am addicted... i hope another cooll game comes out soon on kickstarter... 28mm miniatures... any kind i am hooked...
you know what i can't believe? that my initial decision to commit $100 has somehow turned into $230!
upped  my pledge to survivor. i wanted the extra tiles and since i want to paint the figures i'm worried i'll screw up a few of them in the process.
i have been doing the actual math, and $390,000 seems to be pretty darn close, although this afternoon has even increased even those numbers. we are on track to hit our highest day ever. we have done $100,000 in the last three days! i'd love to see an epic $400,000 reward level, because i think we will hit it!
@fredrick: agreed on the doing the math on the actual trend - if i understand you correctly - you've got to look at the rate-of-change in the kicktraq trend graph, not just the kicktraq trend value. but, and admittedly i'm going by eye, not by number crunching, but i'm not so sure about your $390k final estimate - seems a tad high - i reckon the $360k is closer to the mark.
i was just looking at the various levels of backers and it looks like a lot of people have migrated up from the lower levels.  there are still 87 people at $75 who could add a bit more and be at the $100 level.
oh, and protip: if you want extra tiles but can afford survivor, it's seriously an investment to upgrade.  8 promos.  unopened.  do the math.
1. this isn't beating ogre.  it could be close, but it's not happening. 2. this *is* beating chaz.  just about no way it ends short of $340k 3. scott made me realize i'd trimmed a day from my estimate.  we should reach 340k with ~40 hours to spare.  i revise my final estimate to $390k.  i also bet they have to go "one more thing..." on stretch goals.  may i remind you all that "walk of the dead was unlocked last friday"!!
now we need need to orchestrate that the funding stops at 339,500 total just to prove not even zombies can kill chuck norris or his "loosely inspired by" clones.
@patrick & todd: i've just been looking at the zombiecide kicktraq graphs, and i'm going to go back on what i was saying just a few hours ago - particularly if you look at the experimental trend tracking graph, it looks we will hit 340k and get zombie chaz! but it may be a close one. there's over 3.5 days to go and the pledge total increased by over 50,000 during the last 1.5 days!
ogre has just over 600 more backers than we do.   if we could get 600 more backers... we could totally take ogre down!   keep spreading the word!
i can't see zombicide beating ogre.  it's on $400k with 8 days to go and a fairly steady stream of pledges coming in.  kicktraq predicts high numbers for it.
if you do the math on actual trend (not just multiply daily average by days left) zombie chaz is definitely within reach.  it's actually plausible to reach it fast enough that cmon may feel it's worth adding a "cake topper" goal at the end... i say reach zombie chaz with 18 hours to spare.  final tally ~360k depending on bonus stretch or new add-ons appearing.
okay, so what are the odds we hit 340k after this was posted on penny arcade?
i just noticed that we now officially have more backers than zpocalypse! we are now truly the second most funded boardgame on kickstarter! if only we could take down the ogre... maybe eagle chaz can!
the gift of chaz
congrats all. seems like to zombie version of chuc.. eh chaz isn't so far out of reach anyway :)
it's a long way to $340k but i hope we make it.
@scott - thank you for giving us all chaz ;)
@matt: hehe i wish it was but i doubt it - it was at 289,900ish as clicked the big blue button, and was over 290,400 by the time i got through all the amazon stuff.
@scott hill - nice one.  it was you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@inyoka - welcome as a new backer, and yes i'd love to see aaron in action.  it will obviously be "army quality" painting for the quantity he is painting for us but yes, as you point out, he has his work cut out for him over the month!  i hope he films his work as he does it so the painters in our ranks can learn from his obvious skills.
i doubt it was me that pushed it over the 290k, but i just added $55 to my pledge for the foam trays.
sweet...
woooooop! chaz!
done
@ matt, that's true. asking isn't expecting at all. it's just killing time, waiting for the 290k
the eagle has landed!!
chaz.... we will meet soon.... very soon.
@matt i would be right there with you watching.
@john i think people are more spitballing future figures now, rather than expecting more.  though i know people have asked for more, they can't really expect it.
@matt i just roflmao. the governator! epic but definetly surprised by lack of brute type characters. like slow moving heavy damage characters. like a jason voorhees maybe (who doesn't like the idea of a huge guy rocking a hockey mask and a machete!)
i find it interesting that despite the last $290/$340k stretch being designated as the last stretch, people are still asking for more.  maybe it's like a concert with multiple encores, we all expect a couple, but still don't want to let go at the inevitable and necessary end.  the enthusiasm about this game is great, the addiction of watching the pledge grow is understandable ... can't wait (although i clearly must) for the deluxe version (with all the ks extras) of zombicide to arrive at my door.
@brad i'd watch that.
@matt big bang theory is a great show, but sheldon's fighting skills would include slapping and herding an army of cats.
i may stay up now.   less than $1000 from chaz!
@brad i don't watch bbt (though have seen a couple) sheldon i'm guessing would kill if he has to!  i think cmon sticking to characters from b-movies/action flicks is the best way. we maybe need an arnie.  maybe as the governator!
concur with brad, besides i doubt the doctor would lay down and just let the zombies turn him into the undead. when it rains it pours. the character could have improved stealth or quick ability to get away. so less physical impact, but increase in maneuvers.
the "team captain" and the "cheerleader" that was discussed on guillotine games blogs really intrigues me.  i hope to see them sometime in the future. cmon, thanks for making this so much fun!  still looking for a way to double my pledge, so many zombies...
@matt i would say that a doctor who character would fit more than sheldon from the big bang theory in terms of pacifism.
woohoo!  after too many days of obsessively following this, i've finally got around to actually backing it.  can't wait for it to arrive in september.  i'm one of the people who will definitely be painting my minis, but has anybody else spotted that the 12 'paint the town' pledges will mean that aaron lovejoy is painting 12 x 105 = 1260 miniatures?!?  that includes 12 x 60 = 720 walkers!  blimey!  brave man!  as for all of the suggestions of additional heroes, there are many many companies that make great miniatures based on movie characters that even if cmon don't make the characters you'd like, we can certainly do homebrew characters as a community.  boardgamegeek.com is always a good place to share these things.
@matt, i mentioned doc brown and i still have all my present past and future thumbs up for him. thx for the support of the idea.
@paul probably but we have seen him use a shotgun!
i think that each of us has a lot of their ideas. as if all of them realize the game would have to store in a garage in a dozen boxes. so far, game developers nice surprises me. "eagle" chaz rules!
@paul murray & brad angel: i'm totally with you and would love to field a doctor, well not the eleventh doctor (i can't stand matt smith) but give me david tennant or tom baker any day (i love the fourth doctor's technicolor scarf). @paul cole: the heresy minis look nice but i'm not buying anything supplemental till i see the zombicide figs in hand and can get a feel for scale.
wouldn't doc brown look for ways to control the zombies :d
i'm a massive doctor who fan but it's a poor fit.  he's not part of the ultra violent zombie world, he's a passafist and would be working on a cure! now doc brown from back to the future? he'd kill zombies.  someone mentioned it earlier.
hasslefree has the hot fuzz cops in metal.   and a snake plisken figure  and an elvis. we just need cards for them.
sex machine!!! ("from dusk till dawn")
@robert oleszczuk: i read that and was like uhmmm who is that. escape new york! would be such a sick hero. and to all others who else wants one more?
the cops from hot fuzz would be awesome as would the ones from lethal weapon.
snake plissken! ;)
elvis
@cmon: so i am extremely happy with this game and all the characters. i just find myself asking for more, i have all the extras coming my way but i just wish for a rockstar type hero. like a rockstar with a guitar as a weapon kinda thing (looking like slash or even better synster gates). i have read through many of the comments and seen alot of people asking for more heros and i have a solution. this is my plee for you cmon, take a look at these comments as i know you have been doing and make a list of what you think are the coolest ideas. then make a small survey/ poll and let us vote for one more. for you other guys/girls posting lets get one more! thank you for your time.
doctor who nod as a game character would be amazing
and while we're at it, i'd also love to see nathan fillion/malcolm reynolds in the future.
so close! i'm gonna wake up tomorrow and have a chaz! (it's 11pm here in the uk.)
@james greene the doctor can be possible even if hes still a pacifist. what would happen is he will still fight in melee use his sonic screwdriver as a ranged weapon and become a support class that buffs the other survivors. also to balance him since  the sonic screwdriver can open any door he will be a bit on the weak side in terms of melee and hit points
@hunchpunch  i think a mystery reward or more mystery poses being added of current figures.  like 2 more runner poses (girls?), etc.
@james exactly, there are some who are looking for a medic type character and i think he could fit the bill. he could use his sonic screwdriver to open doors, slow down zombies, effect the terrain. i think it would be a cool concept.
@brad angel    if you want to include some "david tennant as the doctor" models on your zombicide board, i recommend heresy miniatures.  they sell two varieties (with and without coat), along with models of the doctor's other recent incarnations.
the tenth doctor wasn't exactly a pacifist but he wouldn't be slinging guns either. if a david tennant/tenth doctor isn't reasonable how about a david tennant/peter vincent instead (not the douchy chris angel version either)? still having a time lord running amuck in a zombie apocalypse makes perfect sense.
*final mark. (wish i could edit my comments on here...)
@coolminiornot  you should have a grande reward if all goals are achieved, outside the one(s) posted.  perhaps a "?" or mystery bonus unlike the rest?  also, given the current trend, http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/ , it will take some work to get the max goal in the remaining 3 days so this might help the community rise up to that final marl.
cool not long now till we get chuck.......i mean eagle :d
@dan i wouldn't say it's too far out there. i can think of two episodes off of the top of my head where he fought zombies: the unquiet dead and the doctor dances.
@dan sulin, a zombie robocop would actually be kind of neat...
only thing now is, will there be a pledge goal beyond zombie chaz?
and we'll have "eagle"chaz to kick around in about two hours at this rate...easily on our way to zombie chaz. whoa...the only thing that can beat chuck norris...is a zombie chuck norris?
damn, we are *this* close to $290k!
the doctor may be a little out there for the game.  all the current characters could fit into a semi-realistic urban setting.  the doctor is a bit to sci-fi.  if you are going to make him why not put in robocop.
i'm surprised to see that there hasn't been any mention (to my knowledge) of any talk for a possible david tennant/doctor who miniature. that is a character i woud love to see in a later expansion.
@cmon . if battlefoam will be making pack system trays for zombicide (which they probably will) and you can somehow arrange the option of getting trays to fit the box, or to fit the pack system in the next 3 days, you'll get another $55 from me. :)
@joshua = pretty cool already but come september i think i will be the only one to have chuck norris hunting zombies at my house!
@chris the trays listed here fit in the zombicide box.
andreas  = the coolest bloke in norway! (around september at least...)
i want an f5 blister!  how many minis in that pack?
@ cmon . i had a couple questions about the battlefoam trays i posted in the comments section, but the answers will determine if i add another $40 to my pledge (plus $15 for shipping), so i am repeating it here. :) . i love battlefoam products - i consider them to be the best trays and bags available.  .  i'm really glad you are offering these, in the comments section i asked about them a couple weeks ago. :)  .  battlefoam tends to make trays that fit custom configurations (space hulk boxed set, flames of war bag, infinity bags) but then also make trays for the same products that fit in their cases (space hulk load-out for the pack 432, flames of war trays for the pack system). have they/will they do the same for zombicide?  .  i have a pack 432 for transporting all my miniatures - if i added $40 for the trays, would i be able to choose trays that fit the zombicide box? or will i have the option to get zombicide trays for my pack 432?
woot! 2000. let's go for 2500! keep spreading the word people.
so i have upgraded to a $200 pledge. abomination, pluss eva and marvin, battlefoam inserts and shipping to europe. wow. those shipping charges are up to $40 now. ah, well i guess i get a lot for my money when just the game without any promo or additional items would cost me $160 when converted from norwegian currency in local gameshops.
2000 backers! nice going cmon.. i hope if zombicide lives up to just half of the hype it created here.. this game gonna be freakin awesome. hope im in it for a long run...
2000 backers! horray!
2,000 backers!
@brent gass, thanks good to know they are normal dice.  i'll probably spring for the white custom ones just so i'll have 3 full sets like you:)
4971 in an hour. impressive.
i got a f5 blister
@ashtekka, the dice included in the game is regular old boring white with black pips, aka monopoly dicehowever, with a $100 or more pledge, you get a set of custom black and a set of custom gitd dice. also, i decided to spring for the white dice due to continuity. :)
i think the eagle may land before i leave work at the rate this is going.
@ropya, just head on over to www.battlefoam.com to get a better idea of what your gonna get. the base of all their foam trays is the same thickness i believe. i think its 1/4."
what color are the dice that come in the normal package? i'm thinking of adding on a set of those optional whites ones...
@cmon,  a buddy is sharing the cost of 2 sets (survivor), he gets one set of extra survivors,  but im getting the extra zombies from both sets (lucky me).  i know my situation is unique in that i'll have 2 sets worth of specials but only 1 box.  .  so im trying to see if it can make that work,  or what extra box i might have to make to hold boards and cards.  .  also,  when i asked about the bases,  i meant the bases of the foam?  ie,  when placed in the slots,  do the figures set on a thick layer of foam?  or is it thinner and perhaps more solid?  .  if its foam with a thickness right the base,  maybe it could be done different to allow more upper space in the box?  .  and do the foam holders completely fill the box side to side,  end to end?
$2495 in the last 23 minutes... okay, i need to stop now! my f5 key is about to revolt from the refreshing!
@joshua: thanks, that's pretty much what i assumed would be the case, but just wanted to be sure so that i could ensure the funds were there.
@joshua that's $2,205 in 20 minutes.
@ scott. the project ends sunday may 6th at 11:23am cdt. cards are charged almost immediately after that.
$1400 in the last 14 minutes...
does anyone know how long one can survive eating nothing but cardboard and plastic? actually, on a more serious note, when will the pledged money be pulled from our bank accounts?
we have done $1300 in the last 13 minute....
thanks all for the clarification!  @scott:  yea..i read that and was asking how the additional items worked.  they are picked up ala carte.  i'm a sucker for paintable mini's, zombies, and bloodshed.
@derek similar to ffg boardgame boxes.
just realized this whole time i've been mis-reading the pledge levels above abomination...looks like i'll be safe from the zombies since i apparently have no brains...
i finally upped my pledge to $220 a while ago. i'm now officially ready for awesome.
@scott lmfao
*eat your brains
@derek: you worried the zombies might get out and your brains? :p
$2640 pledged in the last hour alone...
not sure if this was answered at some point or if i missed it but what is the outer box that will be holding all this stuff made out of? is it strong enough to hold up will all these extras? thanks
@ashtekka battlefoam will be modifying the trays a bit to make them more "custom" in the coming days, you may be better off waiting a bit if that's a major concern.
@cmon: thanks again, well, "damn you!" also, as that's another $55 you'll probably be getting off me now! :p :d
wow that was awesomely fast response.  okay staying at the level i am. another question tho: you said it would fit the tiles. what about cards and dice? i have sde and was gonna get the trays for that but they didn't really account for the rest of the stuff in the box...
@ropya you're getting 108 figs with the base set and promo survivors/zombies, 110 if eagle/zombie eagle is unlocked, and 114 if you get eva and marvin.  plenty of room, all figs will fit.  the figs are on thin discs, not thick at all.
@air805ronin: from the project home page: "this is what you get at an abomination ($100) level pledge! base game - 71 miniatures etc 3 promo survivors and their zombie counterparts: 6 miniatures 4 additional fatties - 4 miniatures 6 additional runners - 6 miniatures 20 additional walkers - 20 miniatures 1 additional abomination - 1 miniature 6 custom black dice 6 glow in the dark dice 1 t-shirt total 108 miniatures!  scroll down for details! optional stuff eva - $10 marvin - $10 white dice set - $10 glowing in the dark dice set - $15 (1 set included at abomination) duplicate tile set - $20 battlefoam trays - $40 to add optional items just increase your pledge the appropriate amount, and we'll sort out the details after the kickstarter ends by sending you a survey"
wow. penny arcade already has people showing up here. and with a quote like this one, we're bound to get a boost in pledges. "they’ve essentially developed an rpg, where your money is the xp."
@air805ronin there are only 2 optional figs, everything else is included at the $100 pledge. so if you want all the figs just pledge an additional $20 but these two are optional.  some folks were complaining about the sausage fest and lack of minorities in the main box so there you go.
@lycane,  yeah,  i was wondering how snug they fit in the box,  could some cards be slid around the sides of them?  and if the fatties will fit in the smaller slots?  and 2 survivors in each of the bigger slots?  ?.  my issue is,  my buddy is getting the second game and survivors,  but im getting all the zombies.  that's 127 zombies by my count plus the 12 survivors and any future figs?  i'm wondering if this will work for me or if i need to make something myself.  i live battlefoam s stuff.  they make a good product.  just trying to figure out hobbit will work out.  .  @cmon,  what is the thickness of the base of each piece?  ie,  how thick is the part the figures sit on?
with the optional stuff, each one of those is additional money?  so its $10 per figure, not $10 to get all three?  so the whole list adds about $80 to the pledge?
@ashtekka: as i understand it, if you pledge more money but keep the reward you selected set to abomination level, you'll get the abomination level goodies, and will be sent a questionnaire when it's all over in which you'll be able to specify which extras you want
@scott yes, we'll try to make it fit everything in a more sexy and less generic way before shipping, but at the very least it'll work with everything in the abomination goodies plus the optional figures (less the t-shirt, not sure why you'd put a t-shirt in the box but just wanted to be clear).
@ashtekka hi just stay at abomination and add on if you want the optional stuff.
i just wanted to drop in and say i didn't know about this till i saw it on penny arcade today.  its right up my alley.  hopefully you get even more coming in because of that.
thanks cmon, what about the question of whether the foam trays will be further customized from those shown, particularly with regard to spaces for the cards and tokens?
i currently selected abomination ($100+) and actually pledged $140 so i could get the two figures and a set of extra tiles.  with the trays coming out that would put me at $180. if i pledge the $190 survivor would i be getting the bonus for the survivor pledge and still be able to get my extras? or do i stay at abomination level and just pledge the extra money for the extras?
*like with the foam trays
@scott the plastic tray is pretty generic, just meant to keep all the minis together, all the cards together etc. you won't get super luxurious double decker individual bunk beds like with the trays.  think my first dorm room, for zombies compared to a zombie mcmansion.
@cory... that'll make the numbers spike a bit. that's excellent exposure, and they have some rabbid fans! (myself included, but i hadn't read today's update yet!)
a (truthful) 'no' and 'yes' (in that order) will almost certainly guarantee another $55 from me, incidentally.
@cmon - if one doesn't buy the foam trays, will there be spaces in the plastic tray that will in the boxed game for all the additional/promo minis? also, can you confirm, whether the foam trays will be further customized from those shown, particularly with regard to spaces for the cards and tokens?
*analysis i am better with numbers than typing...
for those following my stats analyis, if we keep our daily rate for today so far ($1163/hr), we will end up at $385,000 and some change on sunday morning when the drive ends. if anyone is curious, the average rate for the entire drive is $444/hour.
ooh, zombicide got mentioned on penny arcade today. cool.
@ropya battlefoam tends to charge through the nose for shipping so i would take advantage of the free shipping through the kickstarter. i believe ropya was wondering about the dimensions of the foam as well as height. i'm curious about this too...
@ropya,  they have a calculator that bases it on your zipcode. i have ordered from them a few times, and a couple of trays should tun you 10-13 dollars in shipping in the us. $15.00 international for these is a pretty good deal, and free shipping to the state is a nice bonus also.
also,  do you know what battlefoam the will charge for shipping down the road for these?  .  thanks
cmon. thanks for the reply.  i just asked it in the updates,  but i'll ask here as well.  the large slots are for the aboms?  .  will the fatties fit in the smaller slots?  or do they also need to go in the larger slots?
@ropya oh no no, not the extra tiles, not without a huge bulge i think.  2 trays total, with half an inch to spare at the top for tiles.
@joshua, trying to follow you on here, have you disabled it on your profile?
any numbers on the size of the trays themselves?  .  also,  it says all extras will fit,  does this include extra tiles?
@christopher: nice man! i really dig your zombies, esp their skin. i just uploaded some nurgle space marines for your perusing pleasure: http://anthonywangminiatures.wordpress.com/ :d
*quiet i was so excited by the math, that i fat fingered the spelling above it!
the comments are quite matt...but the pledges are not! we are up to $1163/hour so far today!
ack... can't decide on the foam trays... i do plan to paint the mini's... but then can i really justify an extra $55 for them... but then that's only another £34... and they'll probably cost that much, if not more, down the line, anyway... but then they may also bring out a more specialised foam kit with space for the cards and custom shaped holes for the minis...
it's all gone quiet here!
@joshua - me too! i'm not a maths wiz but it still really interested me.
@aje007 i splurged shortly after the foam trays were announced, (before i asked about the painted and unpainted set)...
but i expect it to hit sooner at the rate thing are jumping after that last update. plus, hitting free chaz will sweeten the pot for those waiting until the last minute, which will drive us up towards zombie chaz. i love this stuff!
that would put us hitting eagle chaz in about 13 hours...
also...rate for today just jumped to $1123/hour...
@anthony: they were a rush job for a demo force i needed done quickly, but they're the most relevant stuff i could find that i put online. :) http://www.reapermini.com/forum/index.php…
@eric was that you? did you just paint the town again?
if these are the same plastic as super dungeon explore (also produced my cmon) then krylon would work just fine. you just have to use good spray painting techniques, since krylon can glob up on the nozzle once in a while. keep an eye on that, and you are golden. also, shake very well.
@ christopher: i have not had any issues using krylon primer on plastic miniatures.
@eric just pledge for a painted set and add the appropriate amount ($100 for abomination) for a non-painted set and we'll sort it out after the ks ends!
is there a way to get a painted and non-painted set?
@christopher: ah okay, on metal i use a really light coat of touch-n-tone then hit it with p3 since it has a nice fine grit to hold paint. i'm pretty sure krylon will be fine on plastic, i'd like to see some of your work! (:
@joshua, thats 50 sets of 2 trays each! in 15 minutes! just think what will happen when everyone gets home from work to check the page... i smell explosion, most likely caused by dave!
@christopher not experienced with krylon ourselves, so might be a good idea to try it out on one of the walkers!
@anthony: i'm a seasoned miniature painter, and i use krylon for all my metal minis, and it's my brand of choice, i'm just wondering about possible chemical reactions with plastic.
@matt, i didnt think about that! i am so excited that i will not only get to play the game but also the expansion at gencon! i should get some good info on it then, and maybe even  snag another promo item!
@christopher: i highly suggest not using krylon primer.  you should be using primer formulated for miniatures because they arent as thick and wont obscure detail.  i would suggest privateer press p3 primer that you can at the warstore.com or other online retailer.  priming black will be easier if you're new to painting.  also you should use acrylic paint formulated for minis also because of their higher pigmentation...you can use games workshop, p3, vallejo, or reaper
over $2000.00 pledged in the 15 minutes after the foam trays are announced...
@coolminiornot > you seriously underestimate my need for my games to be organized.
@brent i imagine the expansion will get it's own kickstarter.
i really don't know if this campaign could be any better... the only thing i can think of is to preorder the expansion since we are getting so many characters then anyway, why not save a little on shipping?
i would love the trays.. but i would need x2 for the sets i am getting and $80 more... would kill me.. literally.. my wife aid that would be the end... so.... on a side note... cmon... how about a pirate themed game with 28mm heroic scale minis to these standars... maybe some island and water tiles, and a pirate ship... i would get behind that. actually any game with teh minis as good as these are in 28mm i would get behind.. werewolves vs vampires... police vs gangs... gangs vs gangs...
cmon nice one.  i can't afford the trays (and don't paint) so i'll give them a miss.  still considering the extra glowing dice though....
well then... i know many people from various forums have stated that either they didn't care for the game but the minis were too good to pass up or that they were planning to paint them. a few even specifically suggested battlefoam. i think chaz will be with the gang shortly...
speaking of painting, does the plastic used play nicely with krylon primer?
just to be 110% clear. you don't need the trays if you're not painting the miniatures! they'll be perfectly fine in the box.  only the paint the town pledgers need them, and they're getting them for free.
foam trays add-on? that'll make the numbers go up some i think!
@cmon (about the customs issue) i knew you'd do every possible thing to lower the extra cost for us :) thanks for that.  i hope it makes the final run even more juicy with all the europeans knowing that they'll have plenty of good game material for not that much (all things compared)!
foam inserts! you guys are going to break me.... (scurries off to add $40 to his pledge)
i was wondering if it had been featured yet. they need to do it today or tomorrow, before the reminder.
@ bill & christophe: i think from the rules seen at conventions and such there are a minimum number of survivors required per scenario. the required survivors are split up between the actual number of players so it is almost a guarantee you will be controlling multiple survivors.
also, today's average has increased to $794/hour already in the last 45 minutes.
something that's making this much ground, might also make the front page in it's last few days, which drives up visibility as well!
@brent - just those that "starred" the project to watch, but it's usually a pretty good increase in pledges for those waiting to see the last minute stretch goals get filled.
@brent anyone who clicks the remind me star for a project gets updates from it that are public and the "48 hours left" email.
@aje007, i had heard about it, but this is my first time with kickstarter. does all kickstarter accounts get the email? or just those that showed interest in the project?
@brent also, as others have  stated, in about 48 hours, we should see in increase in new backers, from the 2 day warning kickstarter will send out.
@joshua, and if we consider that 88% of backers pledge $100 or more, we need about 9 backers an hour...
@joshua, thats a good observation! so about $750/hr is right on target...
ok, so this is a cooperative game... meaning the players are survivors and are against the game driven zombies... i am thinking about a scenario though with 4 players... each controlling 2 survivors... so 8 survivors on the board... it would be 2 players against 2 players... competing for suplies/resources... i can see a fast player making alot of noise around the slower enemy then taking off. drawing the zombies to them...
chaz ought to be blue-white-red, like a mix of child putty. this would make sense, even if the colour are random. an other idea i throw for free: use the non-used survivors as civilian objectives, the played survivors have to get out of the map. they can't level up or search. they can only move following a survivor and use weapon they have been given.
rate for today is up to $747/hour so far. not climbing as rapidly as the last two days, but still well in line with meeting the chaz goal in the next 20-24 hours, and reaching zombie chaz (just barely) if we stay at this same rate.
@zaviero my guess would be usa sized since this is shipped from us..
what color will chaz be???? i'm thinking "white"...
@timothy i need to know the exact dimensions, given that mini cards can be euro sized or usa sized.
"just to confirm for everyone outside the usa. since your pledge rewards are rewards and not strictly speaking pre-orders, they will be marked as gifts. we'll also put them down for a reasonable manufacturing cost, so as to minimize your customs impact." thank you very much. this is very good news. thank you.
the cards are mini size...
anybody has any idea what are the size of the cards? i am thinking of getting some sleeves.
@cmon:  were seeing quite a few questions from our european friends regarding shipping "locally" from guillotine games. i'm guessing that although the game is being developed in france it's going to be produced/printed in mass wherever this would be the most cost effective, which i'm also going to hazard a guess isn't the eu. even if you bulk ship into the country and then reship locally it might end up costing more because of having to ship multiple times plus all the added logistics costs.
@cmon thanks for letting us know! @christopher, i agree! open the euro floodgates as zombie infection spread more rapidly across the atlantic!
good news, i'll tell my friends about this. thanks.
now watch the numbers jump when our european friends read that... :d
just to confirm for everyone outside the usa.  since your pledge rewards are rewards and not strictly speaking pre-orders, they will be marked as gifts.  we'll also put them down for a reasonable manufacturing cost, so as to minimize your customs impact.
@aje007 oh yes. i've been running the numbers all sorts of ways. tracking the average daily pledge in hourly increments seems to be giving me the most accurate results over the past three days. it is in the $600-$750/hour range in the morning (cdt) and creeps up to $1000-1200/hour range as the day goes on and people start checkign their tumblrs, reddits, facebooks, etc. i just don't want people to think i was only running the "best case" math.
yeah it's really the us holding this together. most of the pledges are made when we europeans are about to go to bed :) i have 2 euro friends waiting for a word on the customs issue before they pledge and i think they're not alone holding back at the moment.
http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/ . pledges per day: * april 6-23 * < $10k/day = "walker" * april 24-29 * 12-23k/day = "runner" * april 30-may 3 * > $30k/day = "fatty" * may 4-5 * ????k /day = "abomination" . oh yes, there will be zombie eagle chaz!  :)
i almost missed out on this...i wouldve been a sad panda...but i is teh backer naow!!! 8)
are these not classed as gifts for customs?
@joshua don't look at the whole day. only look at the last 4 hours or so. if you do, we're looking at $1000 plus an hour. earlier than that, most of the us was sleeping. @gene just pant one set and keep the other one in its original condition.
we are slowed down a bit this morning, averaging only $620.00/hour so far today. even so, that still puts us at $326, 811 on sunday morning. and our average over the last 6 days is still over $1000.00/hour...
i just noticed that designer note #9 is up: http://guillotinegames.com/en/blog-goth-amy
i wasn't even in at all until saturday when i saw the stretch rewards and then jumped on the two promo minis
@aje007 hmmm 120 walkers does sound tempting... but it would be like painting foot slogging ig all over again.
i've done a new updated tumblr post @aje007 http://mattzitron.tumblr.com/post/22254564046/zombicide-over-at-kickstarter-100-gets-you-a share!!!!!
@michael you could also skip the tiles and go straight to two games. if you can, it makes a lot more sense for the difference, because you get twice the rewards.
@scott, i agree! horray for happy ending! i ran the numbers when the push was big and assumed at least $300k, but not quite $350k. though we could both be happily surprised by an even bigger final push!
@michael im going for tiles, and why wouldn't you want them? i'm already pledged for them...
@henrik, i feel the same. the developers sit in france and it should not be too hard to find a local logistics supplier so they wouldn't even have to send them themselves but would be close at hand to overview the process
@matt zitron please update the tumblr. it has info from last week. we have unlocked a lot more rewards now.
my math says we hit survivor chaz 20-24 hours from now, which is still holding to the formula i laid out yesterday. if we only match our lowest day of the last week so far for the next 4 days and two hours, we are still at 342,000 and some change... zombie chaz should be attainable at these rates. but if not, i expect a surge when the 48 hour emails go out to people who were just watching.
@cmon what about shipping the european boxes from the guillotinegames office in france? it would really save allot of money for at least the folks from denmark. shipments from france are not subjected to customs. from us however the postal service is adding 25% for the product and shipment and then also add a fine for not declaring it in the first place!
@brent, or, the more likely scenario is, it ends somewhere between the two, achieving chaz, but not zombie chaz.
am i wrong to think it just makes sense to get the extra tiles? i mean with all the extra survivors as well as the scenario creator the sky is really the limit if you have the extra tiles.
@scott, even if we ignore the money gains leveling and look at the backers, we are still looking good. backers per day continue to rise, approaching 200 per day. of these new backers, about 88% pledge $100 or more, meaning at least 150 backers will contribute $15k per day adding another $60k raising us to $325k, which isn't too shabby!
@scott, or if we assume a leveling off at $20k per day for the 4 days, we would add $80k putting us at $345k, hitting both goals!
@scott, if we assume the zombie apocalypse has already started and we only get the minimum per day, $3k, for the remaining 4 days, we would be at $287k, just under the chaz goal! i assume it will do better or the current backers would give a little more to make it.
for all those wanting shaun of the dead/hot fuzz characters, got to hasslefree miniatures!
pegg & frost would ruin me. ;)
pegg & frost would be awsome :)
@brent - that assumes a linear trend, and the numbers appear to indicate a sub-linear levelling off. @avicenna - as i said over on pb (assuming you're the same 'avicenna') - i'm hopeful for living chaz - it depends on how quickly it levels, if it does - i'm not so hopeful for zombie chaz. @both: i will welcome being proved wrong. @jesse: kickstart is the new crack! (and, are you jesse of youtube fame, perchance?)
bruce would be an obvious choice yeah..i do agree on that
@matt ash and evil ash would have been obvious choices though :) also simon pegg as nicholas angel & nick frost as pc butterman.... that could also have been fun.. zompocalypse in a small village so many fun possibilities. as for checking this project i've been watching this since 75k ~ its rather addictive.
@gene i also wish for bruce, not even as ash! @jesse @sven i am also addicted to this page.
@jesse thats not entirely true, i'm sure that if it were to push closer to one of the final stretch goals you would have opportunity to help push it over the line... i personally cannot wait for some sweet zombie lovin'. still wish bruce campbell had made an appearance.
@jesse, same here
i wonder if this is what playing the stock market feels like, i check this page way to much considering i have no effect on what happens anymore.
@scott: 4 days and 30k to go? we'll certainly hit living chaz... if, as people have been saying, there is typically a surge right at the end then there may be a chance to hit 340 :)
we need to get the word out on all of our social media outlets.  i've fb about it several times, tweeted, put it on my pinterest.   if we all go super social... i know we can at least reach human chaz!
@scott, its because the new optional items were added on day 25 and many current backers added more. we are doing fine. $30k/day x 4 days= $120k added, making the total $383k, well beyong zombie chuck!
uh oh... day 25: 145 new backers, $34,654 pledged. day 26: 182 new backers, $30,848 pledged. more new backers for less money pledged doesn't look good for hitting those last two stretch goals to me.
@gaia: agreed. for my $270 pledge (abominationx2 + eva + marvin + extra tiles + shipping) it would make $45 vat + custom fees.
@sebastien: thanks for the info. that's an awful lot of money to pay in taxes for a 165$ pledge if there's no way to lower that by any legal means (or loopholes, which, if my lawyer friend is right, are the same xd!)...
about customs in europe:  i'm sure that what we'lll actually pay for (if any) are the customs for the retail price of the game (say 89$). all the rest can by no mean condidered products since it's free stuff youve gotten as incentives! there's only the extra heroes and/ or tiles that could up the bill.   and by the way, isn't there a way to (legally) lower the price of a good by stating that it  is a gift (i heard of that quite a few times) anyway. i'm pretty sure cmon guys will do their best so that we european customers do'nt pay too much. it's in everbody's interest, since a bad surprise customs-wise could hamper further kickstarter projects.
usa have obviously woken up/
@jakob: just one.
@jakob "outside the usa, anything that contains the boxed game costs $25 to ship for the first boxed game and $15 for each additional boxed game.  lithographs and promo minis alone ship free!"
how many times will i need to pay the 25$ shipping fee if i pledge abomination +2 survivers and tiles?
or perhaps us residents could show some solidarity and add $25 to their pledges... it would be a good way to reach the 340k. :-d
looks like i wont be getting eva and marvin, also i hope the tiles are available later as a optional buy.
thank you cmon, the final goals are perfect! i expect you will make both with a little breathing room.  then we will have to watch out and protect our brains.
@brian i think amazon's rate changes, it's not set.
@sébastien yeah when we used to send samples out we would mark them as minimal value 0.10p etc.  as it had no commercial value.
@shoogoo: i cant imagine that they leave one character unplayable with the expansion!!!
my only upset with this entire project is that its in dollars :p id love to get extras but im not sure what the cost on the day will be so im making sure that i have a buffer to cover me.  anyone know if amazon payments has a fixed dollar/gpb rate and if so what it is?
damn, my answer is the same as matt's :/ sorry guys...
@brian: good point. but in france you can still have to pay d&t for samples and gifts.
i agree with sven as it could also reduce shipping time. despatch from europe hub at the same time as american hub.
@brian good point.  though there is still duty on gifts over a certain amount.
i guess it would be possible to mark those games as "gifts". actually we do not buy them as such but we pledge money and receive them as a reward. however, i seriously believe that cmon should be looking into dropshipping for europe. this should get the delivery price and customs down and could bring even more europeans on board.
people are talking about duty and taxes.  the thing is we have not bought anything, this is not a market place.  we are technicaly "investors" in the product and as such they could be classed as samples/gifts etc. well that my thought anyway.
@gaia : in france you should pay vat (19.6%) + custom fees (x%). but i can't find that "x" concerning games... for clothes, it's about 12%, and 0% -> 4% for electronic stuffs. i can't see why guillotine couldn't ship to european countries from france, though...
right so i've put this on pintrest (http://pinterest.com/pin/183099541070565464/) tumblr (http://mattzitron.tumblr.com/post/21905822391/zombicide-over-at-kickstarter-100-gets-you-a) repin - retumblr.  let's spread the word!
@chandler: mmh? what do you mean you're relaxed about getting the second chaz? chaz zombie is only getting made if we hit 340k which will be a difficult reach.
next push: i think 72 hours before the end of campaign a reminder mail comes from kickstarter. and regarding chaz, we will definitely reach $290k. at least with the expansion we will see the transformed chaz. so i am totally relaxed about getting the second chaz. what a wonderful kickstarter project. i am sad when it ends...
actually, in the netherlands you're duty free if you stay below 22 euro (say about 27$ to be save) i doubt it, but if cmon can confirm that packages stay below that point it's even worth for me to split my triplet into 3 separate abominations. but if there's any doubt, this is for me the cheapest way as the 15 euro declarings-cost is only charged once (else on each seperate package)
guys wondering about duties on stuff.  in the uk at least there's a point where you get duty, so if it's under a certain price you don't.  so you never know you might be ok.  cmon are making an effort to help us with this!
i don't think it will require any ps knowledge. if you want to make custom tiles then yeah, ps might come in handy. i don't see why it would be heavy for a computer either, it's just going to be a tile placement program and a text filler for flavour text and special rules on the scenario.
has anybody seen details about the map editor yet? system requirements? ps knowledge? i fear my laptop might be too lame :-(
it's going slow at the moment. wake up already, usa!
@ matt, no problems mate, it's appreciated!  @alan, i also have no idea how much it would be. alle the extra's included you would imagine it would add up, but it also could be not even that much because the extra base materials aren't that expensive.
@almer sorry i misunderstood! was trying to be helpful!
@almer ahhh sorry for being a bit slow there! now im starting to get it.. stil don't have an idea about production cost though.. but it looks good...
so if that goes for denmark.. what do we believe the production cost would be about++ don't need the exact price just an estimation.. cmon? anyone?
@matt yes i know, it was also stated somewhere in the long list of comments bij cmon>  i've noted it also down in my first comment (just above your last), with the added remark that dutch backers should also be aware of the 20% (even on the lower value).  the second reply was to answer alan's question :)
@almer cmon told me that on the customs forms (i'm in the uk) they will list the value as close to the production cost.  they can do this as it's not a direct purchase but a reward for pledging.
@allan do you mean marking the production value instead of the retai lvalue? because that's something cmon will do on the parcels send outside the us, not your local customs.
i wonder if they do that in denmark too?? if someone knows anything that confims this, i would be able to add the extra tiles..
in the netherlands it's also 15 euro plus 20% of the total value.  but as these are all promotion items, even the games themselves at this point, they can mark the value much lower. getting it all through france and from there to all european customers is a really good idea though.
so predictions for the day?  as usual i've started my working day and checked in.  $261, 506.  $290,000 today?
@gavin they told me the same thing.  because we're not technically buying them they can put the production costs as the value, so we should be hit too hard.
in uk it's a handling fee of around £9 plus 25% of the item cost. they will be marking up the parcels with production costs of the game / extras rather then the amount we pledge so it should be significantly cheaper.
in the netherlands around 15 euro
in denmark the custom price is 22-25% of the full product price (not included shipping)
in belgium it's 10€ .. or at least it was so 5-6 years ago. it's been a while i didn't get anything from the us shipped to my door. /// the comments section went insane last few days, i can't catch up d:
@gaia: here in norway i would have to pay around 20 euro to get it through customs so i am pledging 190$ ..which is abomonation + extra tiles and heroes and shipping but we are not part of the eu even if we are in europe so i am not sure about france
@henrick: great idea to ship all the european packages from france!  apart from me being french,  i assume that due to all of us european living in the same wonderful world of free trade (joke) there would be no customs to pay. since the designers are all french, i surmise that having a "french base" is not out of the question.
does anyone here knows how much the custom fee would be for the item in france? (i'm reaching 165$ for abomination, evan, martin and extra tiles plus shipping) or can you give me examples of these in other european countries (even if all have different laws and customs xd) ?
you could just prime and paint the clothing http://www.miniaturemarket.com:8080/media/catalog/product/cache/1/small_image/170x/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/h/o/hortl-46_tn.jpg
increased to $120 for the extra minis.  undecided on the extra tiles.
honestly, they could make the zombies hot pink and it wouldn't matter to me.  they're getting primed and painted as soon as possible.
@brent gass - i have glow in the dark zombies from the zombies board game. they are not impressive. no one actually plays in the dark, so you just have off white zombies. i have translucent green zombies from horroclix and they are visually impressive.
@ adam, why not glow in the dark zombies, like the dice?
love the rad zombie idea!!
a question on shipping, as some of my friends are asking.  if you do the survivor or 3's company or six-pack, do all copies of the game obligatorily ship to a single address or can you have them shipped to separate addresses? (i suspect it's the former) ...
.. btw way love the exponential growth of the backing ... !!
given 340k is stated to be the last stretch, can't expect more really.  cmon have already been awesome and seriously nothing can be better than chuck norris survivor and zombie ... he would be real pissed if something was flagged as better than him !!
@joshua harris, shhh !! i'm trying to get more stuff =) super awesome strech goal reward idea - radioactive zombies !!! no new mold needed. use the walker's mold and make them in translucent green plastic. scenario 7 ,grindhouse, uses radioactive zombies.
@ stephen - i wish! i've been asking for someone to do a kickstarter app all over the place. maybe someone should do a kickstarter to develop it...
i smell crossover. zombicide at the house on the hill? last zombicide on earth? electronic mall zombicide? between these comments and boardgamegeek i had to recharge this droid 5 times today. anyone have a kickstarter tracker app?
if we hit 340k will cmon establish another stretch level?
@ adam, you can't use kicktraq tending for projections like that. it doesn't work when pledges rise to levels like they are here. it's accurate for the trend...but not for a projection. some stats: we have been averaging $1092/hour over the last 4.5 days. at that rate, we will hit $375,257. today alone we are averaging $1229/hour which will hit us at $392,401 if we keep that rate. we have made over 50% of the current funding total...in the last 5 days alone.
current trending puts us at $305,566. we need a 20 walkers for $20, or another zombie/survivor combo where we get both for $10, to push this over the top into zombie eagle territory. we need him to play bill's scenario.
have there been any posted pictures of any of the characters or zombie minis painted??
ahh, but the "zombie chaz" was created in a lab from chaz dna... some of which leaked out and cause the zobie apocalypse to begin with... so... the mission is to awaken the real chaz from his cryogenic cell that is guarded by 2 abominations... as chaz is the only thing that can defeat zombie chaz... roll 80's sound track, and bad montage showing evil scientist creating evil zombie chaz from sample dna...
@adam:  i was thinking the same thing.  chuck...err...i mean "chaz" would be the only character in the game that couldn't die.
lain: there's the scenario creator software.  that means there's as many scenarios using all the extra tiles as you can come up with! :d
if there is a scenario for the extra tiles, i will buy.
@adam souza too funny!  that would be kinda cool and very appropriate for reinforcing the chuck mythos.
as much as i would love to hit the last stretch goal adn get zombie eagle, it would be kinda funny if we didn't. then we could say chuck norris is soo bad ass the zombies coudln't get him.
yes, good link kyle! alexandra is a great painter and she really take the time to show the techniques in her tutorials! the zombie one you linked inspired me to change the entire way i paint zombies when i saw it last fall.
@ derek: no worries! my email is in the "about" section of the blog
@kyle thanks, the video was very helpful as well.
@cmon: (again) could you provide more info about the map editor? what are the system requirements? any specific knowledge needed?
@anthony thanks that was very helpful. will be contacting you with more questions i'm sure. this is the first rpgs/board games/miniatures i will have ever purchased. new to this type of gaming but was sold on this one & can't wait to get painting.
@ derek: here's a good tutorial for painting zombie miniatures. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@derek: yup you need to primer plastic minis.  i highly suggest using privateer press p3 primer. an easy way to paint minis is to primer black all over. then primer white at a 45 degree angle so the top parts of the mini is a greyish-white color so you get a natural pre-highlighted effect.  then hit it with some thinned down acrylic paint (i'd recommend gw or p3 paints because they are more pigmented than acrylic paint not formulated for miniatures). if you want to get fancy you can hit it with a highlight or two.  check out my blog for some inspiration! http://anthonywangminiatures.wordpress.com/ you can email me if you have other painting questions (:
@joshua harris thx
@jullvissi - that's right!
curious if there is any certain way to go about painting our figures if that's what i end up deciding to do. say a post earlier that said something about primer. do you primer the figures before painting as you would metal? acyrilic paint? or some other type of paint? if anyone has some pointers, i'd appreciate it.
been thinking of people comments for an army based character.  i think i would like to see eventually some kind of military based expansion with both military themed survivors and military as an opponant (more like a third team where the zombied will fight them or the survivors and such).  perhaps even some armored zombies/zombified soldiers.  would require a pretty good ai though or a required human controller.
may sound like  weird question but how do i get the additional 2 promo figs? just put in another twenty dollars?
@matt i can dig the notion.
@thomas my other thing is, barring ks/amazon fees, i like giving my money directly to the guys that make stuff.
@leokesk, earlier comments suggest expansions may include any combination of the following: new tiles, pretty much confirmed but no details new characters zombie characters and rules, i would say confirmed new zombie types
@matt i know , i meant it as a contrast to what we get on kickstarter (me personally spending $150) as compared to waiting for the release.
my emails were bringing me to the comment page portion of the updates, thus i never was seeing the updated home page with the list. so again, thanks for the easy c/p : )  so if the expansion is going to have the additional tiles,  but it is an option for an upgrade, does anyone know what else will be released in that expansion at the later date?
@thomas and the promo's aren't going to be widely availible.
in case we don't make it to the zombie eagle.. can we expect him to be for sale later on?
i dig this. the way i see it. i could to go down to my flgs and purchase after release for $90, or here for a mere extra $60 i get a signed litho a t-shirt all 5 (maybe 6) promo characters 3 sets of custom dice in differing colors. an extra set of tiles 34 more mini's  7 (maybe 9) more minis to come next year. that is a damn good sounding deal to me!
came across this zombicide custom http://cf.geekdo-images.com/images/pic1302829_md.png
keep spreading the word!!!  i just told some friends who may not have seen it yet.
we are averaging $1302.17/hour just today...which sits us at $148447.38 over the next 4 days 18 hours. total= $400,578 if we stay at that funding rate, and it has only been increasing since this morning...
i declare now, baring any other optional add ons being announced, if we get to 1 day left and it needs a push i'll buy additional glowing dice.  but i'm not jumping yet, just in case!
thanks peeps!
so, according to my maths, which i see a few others have joined me in this, if we keep up the current trend of about 100 backers a day pledging $10k, accounting for a slowing of growth, we should see a minimum total of about $300k which will get us chuck norris! if the growth continues as yesterday's figures would indicate, we could potentially hit $400k! i assume a happy medium will met, as a final tally of about $350k, also giving us zombie chuck! its looking very good...
@leokesh yes, $40.00 extra will get you all the survivors possible, plus the extra tiles.
that is correct. also a signed lithograph and slider clips ( i just copy and pasted that from the project page, ins't check it)
@joshua, you also get the signed cover lithograph.
and of course clips for all your survivors.
update: this is what you get at an abomination ($100) level pledge! base game - 71 miniatures etc 3 promo survivors and their zombie counterparts: 6 miniatures 4 additional fatties - 4 miniatures 6 additional runners - 6 miniatures 20 additional walkers - 20 miniatures 1 additional abomination - 1 miniature 6 custom black dice 6 glow in the dark dice 1 t-shirt total 108 miniatures!  scroll down for details! optional stuff eva - $10 marvin - $10 white dice set - $10 glowing in the dark dice set - $15 (1 set included at abomination) duplicate tile set - $20
eva, martin and extra tiles would be an extra 40.00, but all other minis that have been posted would be included in the 100.00 base option? again sorry to ask for clarification, just a bit hectic with all the awesomeness occurring.
@leokesha it says it right on the main page this is what you get at an abomination ($100) level pledge! •base game - 71 miniatures etc •3 promo survivors and their zombie counterparts: 6 miniatures •4 additional fatties - 4 miniatures •6 additional runners - 6 miniatures •20 additional walkers - 20 miniatures •1 additional abomination - 1 miniature •6 custom black dice •6 glow in the dark dice •1 t-shirt
@nick "you're gonna need a bigger boat."  :)
i wonder if all the extra stuff will fit in a single zombicide box.
i apologize if this is not the appropriate place to ask, but may i have a run down of all that is included in the 100.00 backer option please? i have done this option and have become a bit confused as to what is at an additional cost vs what has now become part of the original 100 choice.  for i don't want to miss out on something if it was an additional 10.00 once ks finishes.
thanks cmon! pledge upped to $250! i really do appreciate the efforts on your guys part, and i know not everything is easy to answer without researching with the printer first, figuring costs, etc. i just got nervous by the quiet! i'm afraid of quiet.
fantastic. thanks cmon!
cmon,  thanks for hunting down an answer for that.  .  any word on if we can purchase an extra set of the cards from the game like we can the tiles?
sweet.
ok just confirmed with the factory.  6 clips in the base box, 1 additional clip per promo/optional survivor!
quarter million!!! grats cmon!
@njl deuze i know, it is as allways;-) critical comments are not welcome......
@joshua i expect that once we saved up enough money for a tool that creates these little clips that they would ship with ever character ever released. why wouldn't they want to do that?
thet dont have to do the stretch goals im happy with all the free stuff they giving us
i'm planning on bumping up to a second copy soon, if cmon will just answer the question about stat trackers for the promo characters. i don't care either way, i can always make some up, i'm just wierded out by the silence on the matter. "add a 6 pack of plastic point trackers for $5.00"  would even be acceptable answer...wink wink. (now that might make some people mad at me for suggesting it...)
@cmon did mention to me about import stuff.  maybe contact them
it is very interesting to see, how cmon is loosing interest in further money from us. now the pledge is reached 12 times. look at the steps between 50000, 65000, 75000, 85000, 95000, 100000... than much bigger steps 120000, 140000, 160000, 180000, 200000 and last 240000 and 290000.... for me they are very interested at the beginning, now it looks like it is good to have some more money, but not really "a must" additional the last steps are no "additions" but only possibilities if you spend more money for "limited figures. at the beginning you get them free, if goals are reached, now you have to pay for them if i understand it correct. conclusion... the much stretched goals and than only for buying them is really disappointing and has not the same motivation for people allready back up the project.
i've been following this for awhile now waiting for payday.. just got abomination +$50. come on eagle!!!
@palmi8 i second that. its not so much the delivery cost that's bad. its the customs and the fine associated with the customs handling that drives the price increase. if you could make some sort of arrangement and ship all the european packages from france that would be greatly appreciated.
as much as i'd moan at another massive add-on, i'd still stump up.  ideal world just one/two more at $10 is all i could afford!!!
for those who were doing math with me earlier: we are averaging $1250/hour today (even higher than our 4 day average i calculated earlier) ...which would land us at just over $393,000 on sunday morning if we kept that pace. it might slow, but it sure doesn't look like it at this point. and mind you, this is without even any new "add-on" things to buy to drive those numbers up.
@cmon: thanks....so that's a no for now then...
right now we're not sure if we can provide additional daves, but we'll get a clearer picture after the ks.
just bumped my pledge to $110 to get eva.  all the extra included guys are great, but the survivor pool is a bit of a sausage-fest.  plus that's $10 closer to chaz. :d
@cmon: did you just don't see it...or is there a reason why i don't get an answer to my question (also sent it as a message): would it be possible to purchase an additional promo dave?
one thought, if guillotine is a french company it would be nice to get some copies delivered from france so european backers can save some of the mailing expenses and possible custom fees.. :)
i think chaz is ours. but zombie chaz, i'm not sure... did they plan it so that we all say; "yeah, you know, we knew there was no way chaz could become a zombie..." xd
we must hit the chaz stretch!
@ christopher smith - whatup!? nice to see you jumping in! you just can't say no to chuck...
@ christopher smith - yes and 25 if you are out of the us.
@christopher yup!
just to clarify, if i want zombie eva and zombie marvin i have to pledge $120 right?
battlefoam  will most certainly be making pre-cut trays for this game...but it will most likely be for just the core contents. and like most of their board game foam solutions, it will stick out the top of the box a few inches. i've seen the space hulk and dreadfleet trays, they are really great quality. you get what you pay for though, so they are on the spendy side. i'm already planning on custom basing my figs (will likely go with 25mm gw bases instead of the 30mm wm bases to avoid the "standing room" problem inside the buildings), so i will need a custom cut foam solution. it would be smart for romeo to make templates for the figs in this game so people can use his custom tray editor to create foam that suits their individual collections. heck, if it gets popular enough, he may do a custom bag for the game with the embroidered logo and everything!
@ eric: the mobile "storage" will allow the transport of the game to infect our friends homes with zombie viruses :d
new idea for using an extra set of tiles... set up two identical maps at once. 2-3 survivors on each map. have all zombies spawn the same on both boards (ie, both maps will be the same, zombies spawns will spawn off the same cards, etc.) compete to see which team finished the scenario faster, or with the most kills, or whatever you want to do. instant team competition bonus game!
@jeffrey the backs are blank templates, so just put in a character portrait, pick your skills and you've got a custom survivor!
who needs "storage" for this game??? its not like we're ever going to pack it up and put it away, we're talking about "zombicide", its going to be forever on our tables...lol.
i wanna give a big shout out thank you! to all the great people at  coolminiornot and guillotine games! thanks for the game and all the extras! thanks for putting up with all the crazyness! thank you!
i am with you keith. !!! maybe this could be a paid for extra. so we raise more money and have a storage solution at the same time. cmon, what do you think?
@matt/eric: hey that sounds just like my wife!! ....waaaaaiittt a minute.... @keith: hmmm i'm hoping that battlefoam will make a special bag just for zombicide + all the extras :d
@cmon: you mentioned earlier that the backs of the survivor dashboards will be "blank".  do you mean they will be all white, or that they'll just be missing the artwork and danger level skills?  it would be great if the backs were templates, each with an experience track, spots for equipment cards, and room for us to add artwork and write in the skills associated with each danger level...
yeah, something around 20 dollar for a box, that will do nicelly for the chuck stretch ( my wife even know chuck so i am safe)
a bonus i think we would all want and ultimately need, is a nice collector's box to hold all of these extras!!!!!????!!!!! hint hint......
lol, you guys are funny about the wives, mine says i'm "obsessing" about this ks and all the back and forth refresh checks.
i'm really confused with the las stretch goal. hoow can the combat clone of chuck norris - known as eagle chaz - be turned into zombie! it must be a volountary move. that is the only hypothesis...
beat me up verbally i mean
well, i didn't tell my wife yet, coz she'd beat me up ;-)
@anthony honestly my wife will thank the gods that i'll shut up about it and the maths involved.  she's a very patient woman.
@cmon: could you provide more info about the map editor? what are the system requirements? any specific knowledge needed?
@ bill and matt: i hear you guys...the zombiecide ks page is right next to my email...check email, check zombicide kickstarter...wash/rinse/repeat :d my wife is gonna be elated once this project is over so she doesnt have to hear me constantly babbling about all the stretch goals and awesome minis i'm gonna be getting haha...
@ matt, yeah i have it open at work too... i have looked at this screen every 5 minutes for the past 20 days...
@adam: even if i say stuff like how kicktraq is bad at predicting final day surges via trending (since that's not what a trend does, you're right), i still use it every day because the numbers it does provide helps me create a mental graph for myself. thank you for the service, and sorry for upsetting you.
i'm leaving this open at work.  honestly this drive has kept me cheered while i've been low.  it's great! according to kicktraq now, we'll get chuck!  yeah i know all the maths means we probably will do more, but still...
@joshua, i just cant hit that refresh key fast enough! xd lol im in class right now just to show how i have became a zombie myself to this kickstarter
@ william. get out while you still can! buy this game, then delete the link to ks! kickstarter is addictive! soon you will find yourself poring over charts and doing statistical analysis and spending way too much time hitting the refresh key when watching the pledged amounts of stuff. it's like an auction...but we all win, so you never get to leave!
wish list: (possibilities for promos in the next expansion) ash with chainsaw hand (army of darkness) + a soldier with a gas mask (maybe inspired by hunk from resident evil)
thank you, cool!  this was my first pledge ever made on kickstarter. this game sounds pretty good!
@william same material as dust tactics, warmachine etc.  closer to dust tactics on the spectrum of hardness (i.e. not as hard as warmachine) but essentially the same plastic, which holds both detail and primer well if you choose to paint it.
not to mention that once pledged goals reach these levels, the exposure of the game is increased quite a bit, which also adds to new interest and new backers!
hello. dumb question:  what material are the zombies made from?
matt > so, so very true! again, thanks for the feedback, i truly appreciate it.
the last month or so i have tracked a couple of dozen kickstarters, and the big one like these seem to actually increase at the end rather than slow down. all the rewards are out there near the end, people know what they are getting now, all those achieved stretch goals are juicy fruit for the latecomer, plus people who have been on board since the beginning are trying to drive new people to join in so they can get that one last "unattainable goal" it doesn't happen on all kickstarters, but when it hits that perfect storm, it's a cool thing to watch. i'd be willing to lay down money that this hits zombie chuck status. it's not a given quite yet, but it's a bet i'd be willing to gamble towards..
@niranth you could just laminate them. that would let you use wet erase markers easily.
corey > no worries, didn't mean to sound so defensive. it's just a reoccurring frustration i've not solved how to communicate more clearly. josh > thank you. yes, i completely agree it's not good at forecasting (and not sure if it really can be). the new projection stuff i'm working on feels better, but there are so many unknowns, true projections that are accurate just seem improbable. if i could do that, i could make a mint on the stock market! i'm working on adding a slew of new charts with new data, but if there are charts you folks would like to see, please don't hesitate to share. if they seem viable, i'd love to work on them for everyone to enjoy.
@adam there are factors that you couldn't possibly predict.  they're  a guide only but really useful. i've got them on firefox on every pc i use.
matt, i'm sure you're right, i just get so disappointed when people imply that the charts aren't accurate :(. there's just no good way to explain that the trend isn't a projection, even though i put a giant warning below the trend block on every single project page. maybe once i get the projection charts up top, it won't be so bad. i'm just happy people use the site! i'd love suggestions on how to do it better so people don't feel it's not accurate or some better way to present the information.
yes, kicktraq is awesome, and i do use it a lot. i think the trend is very accurate for what it is trying to do, but that doesn't make an accurate forecast all the time...because it's not meant to! (just like it says, right on the graph!). sorry if i sounded negative about kicktraq, that wasn't my intent, i was saying you can't use the trending goals to determine the final amount in cases like this. i love the expanded charts (when you hit the [π] at the bottom, that projection cone is really neat, and tells the story very well.
sorry adam, i did not mean it wasn't 'accurate'. since it's pulled right from kickstarter i'm sure the info is accurate. all i meant was the project trend is unlikely to be accurate since it just uses the daily average, and the pi chart would give a better idea of how far this project could go.
no offense even.  can't type.
hey adam, not offense meant by people i;m sure!
re: kicktraq - please folks, stop saying that the graph isn't accurate. it is accurate, you're just interpreting it wrong. trends are not projections, and the chart is as accurate as it can be for the given information it has. i'm not doing any fancy stuff to calculate the trend - because it's a trend. i explain in detail why here: http://bit.ly/i89nsg if you want a more black-magic projection (which is what you're implying), or if you want to track the progress of the trend, head over to the http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/ page and click on the [π] at the bottom. thanks everyone for using kicktraq, even if it's just to grab data. we're glad we're able to help!
whoops, i guess you're right. i guess i need to learn how to count properly eh? lol.
@joshua, is there not an enevitable slow down though?
ok gang, we need to do some dark arts.  let's sacrifice some chickens and whatnot, or just put some kfc in a pentagram.  i want chaz and zombie chaz!
.....and we have been averaging $1098.50/hour over the last 96 hours.  for a total of $132,918.50 in those five days and a hour. if we stay at that rate.
whoops, that was supposed to say may 6th.
@matt you can't use kicktrack trending. it's never accurate. you can use the numbers generated in their graphs to do some more accurate analysis though. @cory i still count 5 days...right now it's t's may 1st 10:21am cdt , project ends  ends may 5th 11:23am cdt that's 5 days and a hour.
that kicktraq graph is nowhere near accurate. at the rate pledges have been coming in we'd need two more days to get to that point. the far more accurate ones are available if you click on the pi sign on the lower part of the page.  also, i agree with troy. i am sure we'll get chaz, but if we don't get zombie chaz then he'll more than likely be available as an optional buy on the expansion kickstart.
hell yes, the eagle has landed, heh.  also, question for cmon or anyone else who may have seen it:  what platforms will the scenario editor run on?  please say it's not pc-only!
kicktraq is bad at predicting final day surges.
kicktraq has the trend as $289,046.  about $1000 less than getting chaz, and nowhere near zombie chaz.
he will show up when the expsion is on here if we don't get him this time and you know this
@joshua unfortunately there's only 4 days and 1 hour left, so at 960/hr that gives us $93120, and about six or seven thousand under. so we need just about a thousand dollars per hour for the remainder of the drive.
@jason yes that's right if you live in the usa.
@ eric, this game is averaging $960/hour over the last 4.5 days. if it stays at that pace, that's $115, 200 by the end, which hits zombie chaz with a little room to spare. i don't think it's unreachable at all. not easy....but not unreachable.
as a kickstarter newb, i just wanted to make sure that pledging $120 would qualify me for the abomonation reward level and to select the eva and marvin minis.
i know this one is winding down, but the expansion so needs a guitar weilding jonathan coulton survivor.  happy first of may!
while watching the intro video, i thought it would be easier to use a wet erase marker to track the changes so the plastic bit is not a big deal to me.  finding a sleeve for the survivor stat card is a whole different can of worms.
i'm thinking we won't ever see chaz zombie. :( chaz is just to powerful.
@joshua according to cmon the promo figures come with their stat cards.  we haven't had an answer if these will have plastic trackers though.  i assume they'll have cardboard if they don't otherwise they'd not be playable!
oh, i know. i meant an abomination figure. like how we have to buy eva. i have no need for 2 games, but having a third abomination could really terrify people.
@cory - the survivor pledge gets you 2 abomination levels.  strectch goal extras and all (but you still have to pay for the optionals!) and yes 240,000 zombie marvin!
i think i remember seeing that the promo characters come with their stat cards...right? it isn't something we will have to download? and i know it's been asked and unanswered, but will they come with trackers (either plastic or cardboard) for their stat cards? this will make the difference between me jumping up to survivor or not. if you look at the backer list, i was the 4th person to back this project, and i backed it at the $100.00 level with only the wording of  a third character to prompt that extra $25.00. i'm already at $150.00 now, and glad to do it, but if i am going to make the jump to $250.00, i'd like an answer to those questions please.
240,000! hurrah!
i think being able to buy an extra abomination in the extras area would be pretty sweet.
do ya think cmon are going to add more extras when they announce as hitting 240,000?
300 to go!
changed to survivor...
ok. we can do this. 100 new people @ $115 for 4.5 days gets us 50k. those of us who are already backers might have to do the rest. i'm definitely jumping to survivor level to get the extras, including (hopefully) 4 eagle figures (2 reg, 2 zombie).
thanks brent!
@wally, its listed as september, but that is a cushion. the game is scheduled to release in august, and kickstarters should get their copies before gencon!
i see that many of the extras ship with the expansion in q2 of 2013, but when does zombicide ship?  sorry if this is a repeat question, but sorting through all the comments for an answer is pretty tedious and i couldn't find it on the main page.
if they announce some extras of things already included in the main abomination package, more people would feel comfortable by jumoing to the survivor lever. or they could create an abomination-and-a-half level, with the extra survivors, tiles and some zombies (1 fatty, 3 runners, 6 walkers or something like that), so the international backers don't have to pay an extra $15 for the second box (that's the thing stopping me from upgrading my pledge).
must have chuck norris... no other way to defeat two abominations!
290k should be no problem.  340k, though... that might really be a "stretch".  i guess it only proves that chuck norris could never be turned.   . when a zombie bites chuck norris, it gets turned into a puppy dog.  then it explodes.
cmon, please tell us eagle and zombie eagle _will_ be available elsewhere after the kickstarter, because i fear, looking at you kicktraq page, that, unless you release more extras, it's not going to hit 290k, let alone 340k! you're currently trending towards 280k and i reckon there's bound to be a levelling off of pledges over the next 5 days, so you'll not hit even hit that. i hope i'll be proved wrong in this, but fear i won't be.
ninain,  thanks for the info.  didn't know that first 6 survivors will be in the expansion as zombies.
thank you for the free stretch reward.  if chuck required another 10 bucks to get i would have reconsidered my backing.  instead i am so happy i am adding to my pledge to get the extra tile set.
@jason: and now chuck norris says: "we need 110k more in five days. no other option."
@matt: let's just keep fingers crossed and pray that the "last minute run" effect that all decent kickstarter projects (and this one sure is dcecent to the utmost!) inspire will do this for all of us.  go chuck gooooo!
1,700 people back zombicide because chuck norris allows them to do so! (sorry, someone had to make that joke, right?)
with these new stretch goals i am now pondering going with the survivor level pledge in order to take the most advantage from all these extra benefits. i could keep a pristine copy of the game (with promo survivors) and have a set to paint/play as i see fit.
so in 5 days they have to raise 106,000.  mmm can it be done without more addons?
and the winner is: chuck norris (who else)
@bruce mcskimming sorry, just seen the "eagle chaz" update.  make that sets of 114.
new stretch goals!!!! look over a the updates!
we already have a shotgun. i want doc brown with a garbage-powered laser
@bruce mcskimming i hope you are hard at work designing your next set of bases, in the style of american roads/pavements with windblown litter and other post apocalyptic detritus scattered upon them?  i'm thinking you'll need to release them in sets of 112...
hobo with a shotgun...with that sewer lid on his neck
@shane: august!
@shane - http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/ original goal was $20,000.  yesterday they raised (in 1 day) $34,654.  that's 173% of the initial goal.
ummm i don't think that was in 1 day...  when does all this ship?
so yesterday in one day they raised the equivelant of 173% of their pledge goal.  in one day. i'm not a maths nerd, but that it's really interesting.
@matt, exactly and i know which color he shoul get ;-)
@sven a doctor emmett brown would be insanely cool.
ok, if we talking new figures rather than mor edice then how about the crazy professor (think back to the future) with a big shiny zapper-blast-micronuke-laser-gun?
hobo w a shotgun! hell yeah... do the expansion figs come with hard cards like the standard ones? i wonder what the next release will be with over 200k they have incredible funding. i'm stoked all my kids n even my girl  wants to play... no more monopoly for us on family game night. a little kid with a hand cannon would be sick.
@cmon ahhh hense my confusion.  so with the expansion (so far) abominations who've paid for marvin/eva get 5 zombies and regular marvin and eva.
@matt marvin and eva ship with the zombie promo survivors in the expansion. q2 2013.
@matt, where did you get the info from that promo figures come with the game?
@matt zitron, cool, thanks for the info. anyone else want to see a hobo with a shotgun survivor homage?
@shane:  optional stuff eva - $10     marvin - $10     white dice set - $10     glowing in the dark dice set - $15 (1 set included at abomination)     duplicate tile set - $20
@shane: update: this is what you get at an abomination ($100) level pledge! base game - 71 miniatures etc     3 promo survivors and their zombie counterparts: 6 miniatures     4 additional fatties - 4 miniatures     6 additional runners - 6 miniatures     20 additional walkers - 20 miniatures     1 additional abomination - 1 miniature     6 custom black dice     6 glow in the dark dice     1 t-shirt total 108 miniatures!
i spent 100... what in total will i get at this point?
@sven, i getcha! i've just clocked as well.  we get zombie eva/marvin the same time as we get the regular game/survivors! awesome. @coolminiornot because we're getting these zombie survivors early, do they come with rules or do we just count them as walkers?
@jason- there's already a discussion over who the survivors are based on over on the zombicide forum on th cmon site. http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/showthread.php…
@matt: i am not sure whether the original set is "special" or just regular d6s
of course we do have d6s. however they don't come with a zombie haed or a molotow cocktail, do they ;-)
@sven tscheppainz don't we get 3 sets with abomination, as well as black and glowing i assume a set comes with the game.
@jason christopher faught one of them is michael douglas from falling down.  i think the cop is loosely based on rick from walking dead.
i would rather see more female zombie sculpts (runners or walkers) than dice.   i, too, have a ton of d6s.
more than another survivor i would really love to see a second fatty sculpt.
i support the more dice in more colors-option. and if we hit a high enough target, there could be a free set for everyone ordering the white dice or an extra survivor. so we get two sets with abomination, plus two (white and extra colour) from the extras and two sets from the special survivors = 6 sets in total = every player has his/her own set. what do you think???
hail to the king, baby! +1 for an ash based character.
@shoogoo any idea who the base characters are patterned after? @eric hobberstad *groans* okay, but only if its called audrey and can sing. without knowing much about the base characters, it appears to me that the line up could use a good asian representative... a bruce lee homage perhaps? speaking of the lee's, a brandon homage from the crow would be awesome.
@chad i want this too.  and i know somewhere else does one, but i want one sculpted by these guys.
wish list: ash with chainsaw hand (army of darkness)!!
right so working day has started.  at what point will i we hit $240,000?
i vote dog the bounty hunter as the next survivor . but then you would need the rest of the crew.  looking forward to seeing the next target. just hope its an easy one. looks like we'll be hitting this one today.
i'd really like to see one more alternate survivor (and zombie survivor) so there's 6 originals and 6 alternates, as well 3 more sets of dice (3 more colours), so that, as darsc says, each player can have a different colour. i'm not sure i can afford all that... but it'd like to be able to!
but i'm saving my $10 for the (very unlikely) dog survivor :( plus i have a mountain of d6 for board game use...
how about a character that's a "plant"??? plants vs. zombies anyone???
they're the same as the black and glow in the dark dice... except they're white. i just ordered them so i'd have the entire set so far. like many gamers, i suffer from diceineedthemallitis. a condition for which there is no known cure. ideally i'd like each potential zombicide player in my game to have his own unique set of coloured zombie dice.
of course they are, erich! i mean... they're white! and what's another $10 when you're already spending $165?! eh? eh?! :p
are the white dice really that special? i'm at $165 since i have all the things you guys do sans the white dice.
i'm paying $175 as well.  abomination + eva + marvin + white dice + tile set + international shipping!
@scott hill - it looks like you're ordering the exact same things i am, and as i live in canada i'm also paying $25 for delivery. my total also came to $175 so it looks correct to me.
:d i'm not sure i've ever been quite so happy to spend $175 in one go! :p
i checked, scott, and i think you're correct. $100 abomination, +10 eva, +10 marvin, +20 tiles, +10 white dice, +25 shipping. $175, sir!
wish listing: marvin (sincity) jean reno (as the professional) bullettooth tony ving rhames (dawn of the dead) lil ze (as a child, city of god)  http://farm5.staticflickr.com/4152/5059959080_def64731b9.jpg
d'oh that should've been: "1x survivor eva  (above=$10 optional extra)  1x survivor marvin  (above=$10 optional extra)" not: "1x survivor eva  (above=$10 optional extra)  1x survivor eva  (above=$10 optional extra)" (i was bound to get something wrong in all that (and serves me right copy-pasting that bit!))
hi all, have been watching this project for a little while, getting more and more amazed at the sky-rocketing total and the increasingly cool rewards. anyway, i mentally pledged at abomination level about a week ago, but have only just got the funds to actually do so, and i just want to check that i've pledged the right amount for what i'm expecting to (eventually) receive. i'm in the uk, so i pledged $175 and selected the 'abomination' level reward, and am therefore expecting to get... *takes a deep breath* 1x signed lithograph. 1x survivor nick 1x survivor el cholo 1x boxed game 1x survivor dave 6x black dice (all above=$100 abomination level pledge) 6x white dice (above=$10 optional extra) 1x extra tile pack (above=$20 optional extra) 1x survivor eva (above=$10 optional extra) 1x survivor eva (above=$10 optional extra) 1x red zombiecide t-shirt (50k stretch goal) +2 fatties (65k stretch goal) 6x glow-in-the-dark dice (75k stretch goal) +1 abomination (85k stretch goal) downloadable campaign (95k stretch goal) zombie nick, zombie el cholo, and zombie dave (100k stretch goal) +2 fatties, and +6 runners (120k stretch goal) +12 walker-only alert cards, +20 walkers (140k stretch goal) downloadable editor (160k stretch goal) plastic trackers (180k stretch goal) zombie eva (200k stretch goal) zombie marvin ('cos we all know we _will_ hit the 240k stretch goal by the end of today) (all above=$0 stretch goal rewards for abomination level pledge) shipping of everything to the uk (above=$25) giving me a grand total of (100+10+20+10+10+25)=$175, correct?
jason, some of the base heroes are also based on movie characters
just my humble observations, but it seems to me that the promo characters all seem to be loosely  based on certain tv/movie characters... dave = sheldon (big bang theory) marvin =  jules (pulp fiction) nick = john (die hard) eva = the bride (kill bill) el cholo = machette (machette) does that sound about right? seeing as they went with a die hard reference in nick its unlikely we'll see a murtaugh and riggs or axel foley reference... however a t2 john conner reference might be possible... lol! oh, and with their trend toward tarentino movies, i'm betting on references from dusk til dawn... or would that be too on the nose? even if, i would love to see a tom savini reference (totally thinking sex machine from dusk!)
@bill: it's more of a consideration for me since a second box means an additional investment of $105. $90 to make the leap, +$15 for the extra international shipping. $85, actually, since it would counter my pledge for the extra tiles, true. ... actually, not a bad deal. i will talk it over with my purse strings.
i would love to see a my name is bruce style of bruce campbell. that would be funny and i still want that ginger brit with red on him!
it was my understanding that the expansion was going to have the original survivors as zombies as well as introduce a mechanic to utilize them as zombies. i haven't read anything about it including new survivors, but then, a lot of information gets skipped over and lost in all the other comments.
ninian, the expansion will have new survivors, but may not come with the original 6 as zombies.  would be nice to have since all the stretch survivors have zombie versions of themselves.
@john i think that's the point of the expansion.
i would like to see zombie versions of the original 6 survivors.  even if they came out later around the time of the expansion.  could be a bonus for pre-ordering the expansion.  all the survivors could died and became zombies on the board.
@cmon:   if you guys don't have one yet, you should really look into a michael biehn-characature hero. 1. he's been in plenty of genre fare, similar to mcclane, jules and the bride 2. he dies in just about every movie he's in. aliens, abyss, the rock, etc. . plus, it'd look cool to have a usmc colonial-marine looking guy without a gun fighting zombies :)
well by tomorrow we should be at or just touching 240000.  can't wait to see what they do next.  i'll wait before i place a pledge for two set.  i think many pledgers will do the same and at the last few hours you'll see a big jump in the numbers.  same thing happens with ebay.  last minute the price goes from 89 to 189.
@ kenny, do what i did, up the pledge by $100 and you can choose how to spend it once the ks is closed and you get your survey on what you want for your +funds.
omg so many options don't know what to choose
@erich. teh reason i made the leap is i really wanted the extra tiles... at $20 for just the tiles, i was thinking you really do get a whole lot for the $70 it would cost to get another set... first of another whole set worth of miniatures. then all of teh extra promo minis (which you could sell if you really wanted to, but i think i will keep mine... 2 shirts (1 for each of my kids) 2 lithographs, which i may use as prizes (along with the extra standard survivors) for when i host games with a large group of friends... plus teh sheer amount of extra zombies... 40 additional walkers!!! you can make some pretty epic games... this will probably blow most of my gaming budget this year...
damnit guys, now i'm thinking about that second box...
i dont know... using all 18 tiles, and all 11 characters i could see a scenario where 4 abominations are on the table... maybe the point is to kill the abominations and the characters have to keep the normal zombies at bay while some of the survivors take out the bosses... i want to see all of the zombies (almost 200) set up in one game...
bill, we would never use 4 abominations and 16 fatties, but i can see a lot of walkers and runners if you use more than 9 tile.  with additional rules you could have up to 11 survivors.
to all the diy'ers: i found an earlier comment from cmon stating that the survivor character "dashboard" cards are double sided... with the other side being blank and ready for customization!
@ john, now you need a scenario that uses 4 abominations... and 16 fatties... plus dont forget you get dplicates of the orginal survivors... so 6 more survivors to convert/toy with...
cmon, can you post a video of a demo game?
well,  i may just shell out the money to get two sets and one each of the special survivors.  if you buy another set you get the glow in dark dice free $15 and maps $20, so i figure the extra $55 gets me 65 more zombies plus a boat load extras (about 32 more zombies 3 more survivors, dice, shirt, plastic trackers, ect).  my balls will be a jar when my wife finds out and she always finds out.  my kids can't keep their mouths shut.  thanks cmon. lol
@carlos. do you want me to get my wife to talk to yours about getting another set... ? :) with all the begging and whining i had to do, she may be inclined... as long as i am not spending anymore money... :)
really cool, over $30,000 in18 hours!
@carlos: haha, the weird beggings like my dog survivor begs. if they make it, they make it. if not, i'll make it! i think you're right about the replies, though. cmon has been very good about answering most questions, so i think it is just a matter of not being certain. do people want the additional trackers so they can play above the 6 person limit?
people, please stop talking about getting two sets. it's hard for me to resist getting the extra tiles and you happily wave your nice idea to get a massive amount of stuff xd
@ropam, john: i think they don't have the answer. they're usually quick to answer, unless they plainly ignore the questions (complaints, weird beggings, people asking for free stuff, odd ideas). that has been asked so many times it's impossible they haven't seen it; and given that it's an important question (like the one about the tokens in the extra tiles set), i guess they just don't want to give a "wrong" answer or have to change their mind at last minute.
just took the plunge... now a survivor+uma+samuel jackson... $210... the wife was calmer than i thought, and once she put down gaia's gun and listened to reason she was ok with it... but please cmon, i cant spend any more money. my insurance is not good enough to cover what my angry asian wife will do to me...
(yawn)...we need some excitement on here...watching these totals like stocks...lol, we need to see some new stretch goals to jump for joy...i don't have anymore finger nails to chew off waiting in antisipation.
well i upped my pledge by $30 to cover marvin and the extra set of tiles since it doesn't look like i'll be getting an answer on whether there are duplicate graphics within the original 9 tiles.
or if the momentum keeps up to over $20,000 each day for 5 days, we could add $100,000 more to the impressive $225,488 pledged already! even half that amount each day, very likely with over 100 backers pledging at least $100, we would still be on the brink of $300,000!
if we get as many backers as zpocaolypse, 2045- which is likely-, with the remaining, 395, following the trend of 88.3% pledging $100 or more... we would have 349 new backers pledging $34, 879 bringing our total to $260,367!
@john,  seems to me,  with the dozen or times its been asked,  that the question is being ignored?  .  or that is answer isn't known?
looks like zombie marv is a definite! assuming the zombie apocalypse starts now and we only get the lowest daily amount, $2901, for the remaining 5 days, we would add $14,505 for a total of $239,993, and i am sure 7 people will give another dollar to get the extra mini!
ropya, i've asked that question too.  will we get enough plastic tracker for all the survivors including the ones we purchased? purchase an we purchase additional ones.
@shawn beatty, zpocalypse hit just under $211k and that was the second highest, i think oger is the highest and it's at $356,126 with 10days to go so zombicide looks like it will at least be the second highest.
in still hoping to have my questions about the plastic tracker clips answered.  how many are included?  enough for all survivors?  if not are we able to purchase more.?
that does help...and i may do that...one other question, i own a game store here in wisconsin and was wondering which distributors are carrying your game so i can stock it.
@steve - if my understanding is right (and i've been clarified so i suspect it is), no.  your 'extras' purchased are, well, extra.  basically you've pledged $100 for *one* copy of the game + all the stretch rewards given to abomination and upwards.  if you pledged another 90, and changed your level to survivor, you'd get 2x abomination, 2x stretch rewards, but only 1x the 'extras.'  hope that helps.
this is the first project that i've backed, and i had a question. this may have been asked before, but i can't find a way to search the posts without reading them all. so far i've pledged 100 dollars for the "abomination" level plus 65 dollars for one of each of the bonus items you offered. so my question is, if you release more cool bonus figs or whatever and i decide to buy them, and my pledge goes over 190 dollars do i get upgraded to "survivor" level at that point?
what is the most funded board game on kickstarter? i think there's a good chance we destroy it.
@david - all the survivors "bear a strong resemblence" to well known characters from movies and tv shows.  well, except for a couple that haven't been identified yet.
no eta on the pdf yet, designers don't want to release it until it's been thoroughly checked!
i like the marvin redfield. is there a strong resemblance to samuel l jackson character, jules winnfiield, from pulp fiction?
so, $10 for the litho, $15 for nick minis, $10 for cholo minis, $25 for dave minis and dice (at least $10 each)... and there are complaints of eva and martin being $10 each?!? i would rather have 2 versions of a new character for $10 than 6 dice or a litho!
the only new guy i wanna see is a that ginger brit with red on him and his trusty cricket bat
i figured so, thanks bill.  talking to some friends to see what they might be down to jump in on!
cmon, do you have an eta for a downloadable pdf rule book? i noticed a coming soon page for it on the games homepage. p.s. loving the way the game's looking. proud to be a backer ;)
@cmon: i don't know if this has been answered already: would it be possible to purchase an additional promo dave?
@brad. yeah eva, martin, and tiles are seperate from the pledge leves so if you want more you have to buy more (regardless of your pledge)
thanks, cmon.  i'll check it out when i get mine...  perhaps more reason to build a 3d board.
@cmon - sure, understood (and i doubtless would) but, having paid $40 for eva/martin/tiles, i'd be paying $40 more for each addition set thereof, right?  would not get 2 or 3 sets just because i bought them once and upped to survivor / 3's company, correct? (this is totally not a complaint, btw, i do not expect you'd do it that way)
where's the leather bound carrying cases for everyone at $250k?...... ok totally kidding on that one :
another vote for boondock saints.
@paul yup, no change there @brad you can always get multiples of eva/marvin/tiles to match the sets you get (or not, choice is yours).
are we still getting the 12 additional alert cards with just walkers at the $100 pledge level?
this is amazing!  20k in 1 day! i wonder what the next stretch reward is?  more female zombies would be great.  as it is there are 6 male poses of zombies and only 2 female.
@cmon - awesome, thanks.  and if i jump it up to the survivor or 3's company level, i would be getting 2 (or 3) copies of the game with all the stretch rewards, but only one eva, one martin, and one set of tiles, correct?
a salvation army pan handler dressed in a santa claus suit...a easter bunny costumed maniac...a midget with an attitude...a clown costumed drunk, with a sock full of quarters for beat downs...a cheerleader with a chainsaw...(lollipop chainsaw)...a mime...an elderly character like clint eastwood... the possiblies are endless...lol
@brad mmmyup! that's right!
cmon - making sure here - i just upped from $110 (for abomination + the evas) to $140 (for abomination + evas + double tile set + marvin and the hope of zombie marvin).  this is accurate, yes? looks awesome, guys!
@ cory and manuel... leon from teh professional, and young gun toting natalie portman... yes to george clooney and quinten tarantino... if we are going for vamp movies too, how about teh two coreys from lost boys... or corey and the frog brothers... alice from resident evil... or michel rodrgues from resident evil... or some of teh characters from sin city. micky rourkes character, or the asian assassin girl with two swords... agin, at this point i am talking expansion stuff...
i think these pay-for prizes are them hedging their bets against the final level. wouldn't it suck if they announced a stretch goal for 20 new item cards, and we didn't make it?
re base sizes, they'll fit on 30mm bases just fine, but those take up a lot of room (remember each tile is only 250mmx250mm, so some small spaces might get very cramped indoors with those bases.
i'd love to see seth & sex machine from "from dusk till dawn". @cmon: i don't know if this has been answered already: would it be possible to purchase an additional promo dave?
cmon has done a great job! i'm very grateful!  thank you. someone asked what other survivors should be in the game and i'd like to see the macmanus brothers from boondocks saints!  we also need more women, what about selina from the underworld movies?
hopefully we get an option to buy more zombie minins
hey- does anyone know if the minis will fit into 30mm rimmed bases (like warmachine, etc)?  if so, would putting them in bases hurt the gameplay at all?  i ask because i would like to do some scenic basing on mine, but i don't want to anticipate doing this if it will hurt the overall gameplay.
@ john, best of my knowledge, they both take 5%
just going to put this out there. the expansion should be the crew from dog the bounty hunter + suv's. looks like i'll be adding extra tiles and the model . what is it going to be after the 240k
@cmon ... amazon / ks take 5% as commission at funding don't they?
to increase the ks funding three things need to be done.  1) increase the funding from existing backers by tempting us with optional, pay more.  tick, done.  2) increase the funding by getting new backers who might be watching but need that little extra for free.  tick, done.  3) increase the funding by getting new backers who didn't know about the project yet by simply keeping the discussion momentum going. tick, done. well done cmon on all counts.  personally i still would have pledged without any of the stretches or optionals.  looking forward to getting my hands on zombicide.
i've been thinking of possible survivors i would like to see in the expansion. i like the idea of leon the professional, and ghost dog. anyone else got any crazy pop culture survivors they would like to see materialize?
zombie crack?! haha just wanna say. hey maaaan i got these cheeseburgers maaan.. come on maaaan i ...... but matt is right... its just think that it would be more fair if these extra products was released somewhere after the game came out. so we know if buying all this extra stuff, is worth the money spend. i really do like having (almost) all stuff availeable for the games i own, so if i like the game i will probably end up buying it all anyway. the problem is that right now i havent got the chance of skipping this, as it can't be bought after the release of zombicide.. so i have to just hope that this game is what it looks like and spend what might have been a 6 month gaming budget in a couple of days.. the most fair deal would be if the cmon released theese extra promos after the game came out.. perhaps a lot later, but just so we could play the game and find out if there will be one or a thousand scenarioes that use all of the tiles and if the game is worth buying every survivor they can come up with.. im just sayin that in my mind that would be the fair way to do it, but i know its bad buisness compared to the current strategy.
that would help :-)
how about a stretch goal at $250.000 that the ceo of cmon writes a blanket apology letter to our wives/husbands/signifigant others for making such an addictive game?
neighter am i "bitching around" for new free stuff. and i'm not seriously complaining. if there are any people here who really want to kind of rip off cmon, then i also second ropya. personally, i just can't say no to any new zombicide product...and i'm afraid of my wife.
@niranth, again, i meant no attacks nor offense.  i know we all have different situations and desires. and i do agree, there are things that can be offered that would perhaps help sales without drastically increasing costs. but thats our views on it. we dont know the ins and outs of their side of things.
oh and i can see why we didn't get a stretch goal at 220,000.  smashed that already!
ok here's my 10 cents. i've happily handed over my extra $50 for 4 figures (let's face it, we'll get our zombie marvin) unique dice and map set. i know that if i got the game and after the fact they released this stuff i'd want it, so i like getting the opportunity to get it now at a better price. this stuff was all planned, and the addition money is off setting production costs so we can get them at a cheaper rate. cmon/guillotine aren't just making this game for us on ks.  they're making a product to take to market.  they need money to make products so people who haven't heard of it on here can get it. i fully support their ideas, because if i could do this as my job i would.  it's not like they'll take the extra cash and blow it on hookers.  it'll go to paying for more product development and maybe give guys who've worked hard (for i can't imagine massive pay) a bit of a bonus. there's not one of us here who wouldn't want the same. but i can see why people have got a bit annoyed.  it is compulsive this stuff and being offered more is a bit like zombie crack.  and money is tight for lots of people at the moment. in defense of cmon though, we did get a hell of a lot of stuff ror free before!
@ropya, i'm not looking for more free stuff, i am looking for things to make this easier to sell to my friends and neighbors.  a quick start rule set available for download before the funding date would not cost all that much.  a longer introductory video so i know what the players do next.would be cool if not so exceptionally difficult to produce.  i can pledge what i have and no more, debilitating illness sucks.  but it only sucks for me..
like me i don't want more dice so i didn't get them. but i did get all the rest
i like that way things are going. i'm behind them all the way! they just added more options guys. but you get to pick what you want and don't want.
@ ropya - i'm right there with you man. they just added more pledge options is all. they found an easier way to do it then to redo all the pledges.
yup i don't like the way this is going either.. im not sure i even dare look at what might be for sale when we reach the 240k.. i know i know its supossed to be extra stuff and not something we need to play the game, but lets be honest we all want as many survivors and tiles as we can get.. you can never have to many different survivors, tiles and scenarios to choose from, so its almost unfair to expect that we wont  squeeze our wallets to an almost absurd level, for this once in a lifetime chance to get a truckload of exclusive minis. i live in a country where i can expect a tax increase to the total price of 25%. i've already had that in mind when i paid for the game and the 25 bucks for shipping outside us.. so with al these extra small adds of 10, and 10 and now 20 bucks, this game gonna be the most expensive game i own and i havnt even tried it yet!
oh yes cmon!! 10$ more added to my pledge for marvin, thansk for your dedication!! i hope we will go to 240k$ for see more "secret characters" and options for play. thanks a lot. best wishes from spain.
@troy, eh, im not going to bash. and i hope that rant did not come across as such. it just seems like these things have gotten out of hand. people want so much. it gets so... what? you mean no more freebies? . i can only imagine how the people at cmon must feel when they read some of these things. id feel like i stepped in horse chit and tracked it in my moms house. bad analogy but hey, whatta gonna do? . i just hope that cmon sees that they are the few %. which, judging by the rate of $ climbing, im sure they are. they can look at our pledge levels and reward levels and see just how many are going above and beyond.  . which makes me wonder... how many people that are unhappy are above and beyond their level?
@ ropya - thank you! i'm not the only one that feels this way.
kicktraq multiplies daily average by days remaining.  it's not even an actual trend.  it fails strongly overestimates projects that skyrocket from plent-upexpectations (wasteland) and apparently obscure projects that gain insane momentum over time (this).  there is just about no way we don't make it to $300k, maybe $350. so indeed, we need more stretch goals, and we need them soon.  new products they can sell are better for their bottom line than free stuff, and i suspect they're not really making money on abomination-based levels anymore - they're in it for word of mouth and cost savings on a larger print run: if they make 15x the goal here, distributor pre-orders will probably be 100x what they would have been!
@allan manalo -  it has free shipping cuz it will ship with the game
unless i could choose a wooden box for $10 more :)
to all the people that have complained about cmon offering optional items for sale above and beyond the pledge levels. a few thoughts. . 1st: im sure that cmon is treading that delicate line between their bottom line and the customers happiness. you cant have all of both. this is what they have offered. this is what they are able to do. look at the trend. we are going to get more levels. be patient. at least the optional things they have offered actually work with the game. its not like they said, "as a stretch reward, we promise to make a expansion" like another ks ive seen. . 2nd: ive yet to back a kickstarter that didnt do this someway, somehow, on some level. its all optional. the nice things about them being optional is that even the lower than $100 tiers have access to purchase. would you rather they said, sorry were tapped out. we cannot give any more free things away? or would it have been better received if it had been offered as a higher level pledge level? say $140 for the $100 level + eva, marvin and the tiles? would that have made it better? . 3. last, no where does it say that they have to offer stretch rewards. its become a nice thing and the edict of ks to do so. that said, they dont have to make them every $20k or even every $40k. i know a ks that the levels are $50k, and a few of the levels do nothing for the current ks. . now, that all said. i have a question.  . if cmon has done such a horrible thing. that its sooo distasteful and against ks policy.  . why are you still here? . few possible reasons.... . first, (least likely) perhaps you do feel like its not right, and therefore your comments are valid complaints. and you just want to let your feeling be known. but still fully intend to support the product. ok. makes sense. but bear in mind then, all the extras they are giving you at no charge.  . second (possibility), youre waiting here with your pledge to cancel at the last minute. that way between now and then you can bitch and complain about something you have no intention of actually supporting and buying. and you are just wanting to hurt a company that you feel has slighted you. again, i can see that. seems vindictive. like your neighbor backing into your lawn a bit by accident, and you going over and poisoning his grass. but hey, to each their own. your karma, not mine. . lastly (most likely), you fully intend on keeping your pledge and are just bitching and complaining in the hopes that cmon will give you more free stuff. i say this seems most likely as why else would you really still be here complaining about it? cmon is doing what they can. offering things they didnt need to. if this is you, then again, to each their own... but damn man (or woman)... really? . if none of these are you, then by all means please educate me to your way of thinking. as i am genuinely  confused as to why this is. . adding $10 for eva is a new pledge level as far as i see. and the stretch reward is only for that level.  this is no different then the $75 level getting the game and 2 survivors. and the $100 level getting that plus so much more. the $100 level is optional. hell, so is the $75 level for that matter. all these options are just that, just like your pledge.  if youre not happy with it, dont buy it. . these are my thoughts. thank you for reading this rant. good life, and enjoy your evening.
sadly, i have to second niranth...broke now..
i'd dearly love a stretch goal that does not mean i have to pledge more cash.  i am tapped out! i have been busy sending all that might possibly be interested this way.
i went ahead and upped my pledge to 250. i figure for 85 dollars more, i can bag twice as much stuff and get a nifty shirt for my girl.
@allan manalo - i believe the guys were saying that if you buy a copy of the game (ie fatty level and above etc), that the extra tile set will be shipped at their cost.
kicktraq's "trending" isn't working well for this kickstarter.  it assumes linear behaviour from teh beginning.  in the case of zombicide, it's been accelerating since april 20.  when you view it on kicktraq, click on the [π] (pi) symbol in the bottom-left corner.  this will show you a more accurate (but less precise) "projection cone".  it looks like zombicide could go as high as $370k!  (i think $320-$340k is pretty realistic right now, based on the $20k/day average it's been maintaining lately). http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/
the extra tile pack says it'll have free shipping.  does that include shipping outside of the us or do we need to add an extra $15 for shipping another package?
now we need a good 350k goal... i was away over the weekend and found the madness going on here...
trending suggests 260k+ i'd like to think cmon didn't expect this and are struggling a bit to know what to do next but i do think it would be good for everyone if they could announce the next 260k+ stretch . nothing like a good incentive to push through the targets
yes, i meant over $20,000 per day for the last three days...sorry for the confusion.
http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/ here this shows how much it made each day
unless you meant over 20k per day... in which case that would be accurate
joshua, your maths are wrong. the project gained about 17k since i woke up this morning.. 27k since i pledged yesterday. that's almost 30k in 24 hours. and still going strong... we'll get a zombie marvin. the question is... what's next?
i just wonder why they haven't listed another stretch goal... they should throw it out there to give us something to work over time for at work to be able to afford to increase our pledges.
this has gained over $20,000 for the last three days. it looks like the cmon guys might need to think up one or two more stretch goals.
just think if you were buying this in reprint a year from now, you would only get whats in the box and still pay close to 100 with tax and all that. i don't mind paying a little extra for stuff we can't get later.
i believe a large number of backers are ripe for being taken an extra $100 or so.  make us an offer we can't refuse, with eva and marvin included, and see what happens...
i was worried about what my wife would think about the $100 coming out, so i pre-loaded the amazon payments account $25-$50 a time with each check that came in.  would be nice to pre-load the last $20 for the promo figs, but there isn't enough time before it comes out.
oh no. with this new talk about $140 or $210, i am going to run out of money, because i'll still want the white dice. that's up to $220.
@ eric. your right, maybe i will mull it over a bit. i would rather have more new than more same so i will wait to see if there are any more buy in items or actual stretch stuff before deciding.
@bill, "hell hath no fury like a woman scorned", i'm with you on the fury of the wife, thus i went with the lesser of two evils, lol plus...just in case they do reveal more buy in goodies, you can pledge it to those.
@ shawn i was debating  buying the tiles for $20 or getting a second game that includes the extra tiles and 100 minis and everything else for $70 more. so for $70 i would get an extra t shirt anothet lithograph 2 extra sets of dice, all of the game and extra zombies, extra copies of all the survivors (except eva and sam jackson). seems like too good a deal to pass.. but my wife will probably feel otherwise. so i am on the fence between $140 and $210...
can't take much more of this and neither can the wallett, just too much good stuff to pass by. august and september will cease to exist, playing the game, painting the minis and creating with the editor, hope the wife likes the game!
@echampie: yes, i can't speak for the 2 newest ones, but el cholo is brown, nick is green and dave is yellow.
are the 5 promo figures going to be different colors than the base game survivors?
im up to $140 two bonus characters and extra maps is too hard to pass up. you guys are going to drive me into poverty if you keep adding all these cool extra things to the game.
i added to mine, up to $140 now, best investment ever...hope future expansions are put up on here, would love to be a part of its success. maybe they could email us to let us know of future products for this game. like soundtracks, dice bags, moister wicking socks...lol, just kidding on the socks...but serious, count me in the future of this game.
hello! i just add my stone to this. this is amazing and i would like be part of this. game looks cool. i hope that will be that one stretch goal before end of this project, i would like see in future expansion some huge bad boss miniatures. biggest that now existing.  and also zombie dogs or kids. but probably all of us has a lot wishes and expectations. greetings for all.
do the abimination level pledgers get the signed litho? just noticed it wasn't listed in the items we'll recieve. just curious.
@bill : life is short but unlife is forever. it's totally worth being the most expensive boardgame ever!
@bill: why do you buy 2?
ok the problem i have is $140 for the game, eva, marvin, and tiles... or $210 for 2 games, eva and marvin. $ 70 more for the cards and a whole lot of zombies and duplicate survivors and duplicate goodies more dice another shirt. i will have to check with the wife but i am thinking $210 is going to be the most expensive board game i have ever bought...
two thoughts i left in the updates section: 1. survivor's turn into zombies and continue to play with altered goals. (coolmini confirmed something like this in a q2 2013 expansion. 2. i hope to see an animal zombie expansion, like an outbreak at the zoo. zombie gorrilla's anyone?
oh man i lve this project. i heard about it three days ago and decidedvafter watching the two clips to back up this project. now i am on 140$ +25$ shipping cost + around 28$ taxes for import to germany. i hope the rules and scenarios are great, but i already love the minis. only 30k to go.
cmon,  are we able to purchase an extra pack of the cards for the game to make bigger draw piles?  especially for bigger games?
well the extra tiles come in their own little box, although it's not really meant for serious handling.
i'm starting to wonder if everythings going to fit in the box.  particularly with double tiles, and all the extra figs.  when am i going to have to quit adding things to ensure it will all fit?  (smiles)
dropped another $30, too ! i think the postage is really fair, considering this box is getting to be real heavy !! :-d  let's keep on climbing !
you know what would be cool, okay, bad question cause all of you know what's cool, hence we're all backing this game, but what if we can get a custom sketch of us or anyone we want as a survivor or zombie? that would be cool, the art/drawings are fan-tastic...so why not offer up a 8x10 of us as a character???
well damn, stop squeezing me already, i'm all dry!
dropped another $30 and feeling pretty good about it. well done, cmon! marvin is a gread addition to a badass roster, and the scenario editor combined with the extra tiles will increase the game's replayability by a lot.
this just passed zpocalypse in total funding.
so, i assume this game will get at least as many backers as zpocalypse, 2045, meaning 449 more. assuming the current trend of about 88% pledging $100 or more, we would be looking at about 395 more backers giving us almost $40,000 more dollars, blowing away the next stretch goal!
i'm sold on marvin! ease up though guys, i only got 10 more bucks you can squeeze out of me...
cmon,  do each of the survivors come with the plastic tracking clips and markers for abilities so we can have large player country games?  or are we able to purchase extras?
@me !! oups !!! sorry : add a new pledge containing : abomination pledge & all the options.... for £165
@cmon- thats a good point titangames brought up about having the 2nd set of tiles allowing us to have all 18 facings in play at the same time. my only question would be are all 18 facings unique? or are there some graphics repeated?
@luis it's $10 for eva/zombie (one payment for both), $10 for marvin (zombie m if we hit 240), $15 for extra glowing dice (though we get some already), $10 for white dice (only available here) and $20 for the map tiles.  so it's $65 all in.  but remember we do get glowing dice in the abomination pledge already.
math is your friend
maybe that add a pledge ($165) containing all the options (white dice + glow dice + eva + martin + extra tiles) ; it would be easier ! no !?
hello guys! if i have abomination as my main pledge, how much should i add to get all extra promos? thanks a lot...
ironic. we can shoot marvin in the f@@@@n' face.
sweet,  it just read that the 9 tile pack includes the tokens for the game.  doors,  cars,  etc.  nice job cmon.  .  ill print out custom tiles and sticky them on the back for more variety.
so if i have abomination as my pledge, how much must i add to get all extra promos?
you guys totally kick zapoc zombie @$$.
thanks coolminiornot! more tokens means i'm even happier!
250mmx250mm
tiles are 250mm x 250mm (or thereabouts, subject to slight adjustments).
@allen - i don't think the extra tile pack comes with a new tile in the set of 9.  it's just the 9 you get in the box, but as they're double sided this 'extra' set of 9 tiles allows you to use all 18 in the game at one time.  i am hoping they can include some scenarios for download for large 18 tile games for many players at once.  i'm glad i am buying 2 sets now, get the tiles and miniatures all together.
cmon,  can you tell us the size of the tiles,  measurement wise?
they will include the tokens. all of them! sorry if we were not clear enough
one thing i was wondering is if the dice were specific for this game (you need x dice with the zombie head and y dice with the molotov on them or perhaps they were numbered diffrent) or if any dice would work and the customs were for the cool factor.
@coolminiornot...any word on if the extra tiles pack will include the door/car tokens? and curious, what's the measurments on the full size game area with original 9 tiles? i wonder if my game table will be able to handle it.
@adam: i think i saw cmon clarify elsewhere that any extra evas would get put on sale during conventions until they ran out. still a limited run, either way!
@adam they're not a ks exclusive, but they won't be generally available either.
@allan oh! that's cool! i didn't know, but thanks for letting me know :)
jørgen you gotta be new here :-) all the standard survivors zombie version will come in an expansion during 2q 2013.. we will recieve zombie versions of the promos there as well
hey cmon, are marvin and eva exclusive to the kickstarter ?
what i'd like to see is a zombie version of every survivior. that's way if one of the player dies, they'll come back as a zombie later. wouldn't that be cool?
this is getting redonculous....just when i thought it could not get any cooler. samuel l. jackson joins the fray...consider my pledge bumped...seriously though guys, lets see some more unique walker/runner sculpts as a stretch goal reward....we've exceeded your original goal by over 10x! and its not likely to stop there! can't wait to paint up jules' 3 piece suit and nickle star super b 9mm! you guys knocked it out of the park with this one!
@alexandre  you need to add $10 for every copy of eva you'd like, so if you get 2 games and want 2 evas, you'll need to pop in $20.  you'll also get 2 zombie evas, of course.
with all the dice we're getting from here and the 2 sets of 6 i'm getting with eaten by zombies, every player will get their own set of zombie dice :-)
yikes.. this game is really starting to push my budget.. it would be really nice to know if the extra tiles also have the new tile.. i dont want it if i doesn't but if it does.. well goodbuy money and hello huge map and starvation...
@manuel that's correct!
@ cmon: i'm pledging on the survivor level together with a friend. just in theory, would it be possible to buy 3 evas & 3 marvins each....and have $25 + $15 shipping to europe?
it's shot up $1000s and no new backers have been added.  the power of stuff!
"... you may feel a slight sting. that's pride *ucking with you. *uck pride. pride only hurts. it never helps. you fight through that *hit." - marsellus wallace :)
i'll likely buy marvin, but i have to echo the sentiments of others.  some extra free bits for reaching $240k would be nice as well.  or $220k, since the increments jumped from $20k to $40k now.  as i said before, sculpting extra designs for the walkers, runners and other zombies to give more variety would be really good of you guys to do.  in any case, upping my pledge to $250.
if everybody up's their pledge by $30 we will be at 240k. i think they pland this lol
hah :) you know how ocd board gamers are ;0
@matt, that's a good point, extra tiles does mean more tuff to cover... but will there be extra cars, doors, sound markers??? i wonder as well...
just upped my pledge another $60 for marvin and the tiles (sounds like a doo-wop group). anyway, a definite homerun here!
unless it is the dog. i'll pay extra for the dog survivor!
don't worry about it guys. we're incredibly grateful to all of you who've already pledged, this optional stuff is just that, optional.  it won't make or break your existing game.
@alexandre...yeeesss! lol, could be cool. hidden shot gun in the axe handle... lol patriotic & murderous!
/agree with dan sulin.... i don't mind paying a little extra here and there...but its starting to get a little over the top.
marvin or martin?
not to complain but if we make $240,000 can the next stretch goal be something we don't need to shell out $10 more bucks for first :)
quick question i'm hoping someone can answer regarding extra characters and stretch marks... if i add 10$ for eva (or martin, or whatever else) and get 2 copies of the game... do i get two copies of those promo pieces (one for each game) or only one? i know all other stretch marks apply to each game set, but a bit confused about the extras...
direct question to @coolminiornot with the extra tiles factored in, will that mean the game be fairly sparse when it comes to door tiles and car tiles? or are those included with the new addon?
damn you and your little add ons!  i had to up $10 to get jules....err.... marvin.
pledge now up to $175.  damn your eyes!!!
new stretch goal announced!
@eric... abraham lincoln... zombie hunter? http://www.amazon.ca/abraham-lincoln-vampire-seth-grahame-smith/dp/0446563080/ref=sr_1_1…
@alexandre, or how about "abraham lincoln" type character, with an axe.
digital... somehow you just spawned a weird idea in my head... bring out the lumberjack survivor!!! watch him decapitate zombies with twin axes! no idea why a bearded beast with a racoon hat would end up in there with the rest of the gang, but hey... it's a lumberjack! he doesn't care about that!
cmon we love you too, and i don't mind paying the shipping! ;) as long as all canadians get free promo cards . hehehe  no i'm joking,,, but seriously maybe some free dice?
it's so satisfying have the kicktraq firefox addon and seeing the trend rise throughout the day.  guilotine/cmon must love seeing 1000% plus on their goal.
woohoo ! 200000 achieved ! next stretch award ? 6 days to go should be possible to achieve one more,no?
i want a real update :p
i saw the future.  i am nostradamus.
@shoogoo, they posted a reply to our canadian shipping discussion 30 minutes ago, right below :)
@shoogoo they commented 4 people below me.
how do you see that matt?
ah cmon is online.  i sense an update.
wow, i was confident this would hit $200k.  ... in about 2 days. wake up and check it less than 10 hours later ... congratulations, cmon!
we need more stretch goals!
i just had a question about difficulty scaling that i was wondering if you could explain: a lot of other co-op games relies on an "enemy advancement" of some kind after each players turn in order to handle balance in the game. i wonder how this game scales with the number of players since there is only one spawn phase each round? the amount of zombies spawning increases based on the highest heartbeat level of the players, but more players in the game seems like it would make things easier; spreading the number of kills out among everyone and keep the zombie threat level to a minimum.
@canadians! 1.  we love you.  2. usps thinks you're a foreign country and wants to ship you by air.
digital, i feel your pain. us canuckistani are getting no love on the shipping end :( but we're awesome like that and they're probably just jealous anyway, so we'll overlook it for now :p
actually, i'm not complaining about the shipping. i think the shipping is fair enough as well. just wouldn't say no to any further discount. :)
the shipping is great. at my local store (well, not so local, i have to drive 1 hour and pay toll) a ffg's big box game, or something similar, costs about the same as this game (incl. shipping), and here i'm getting an awesome deal with all the promos and extras. when i buy from online stores, i have to get many items at the same time so the $40+ shipping doesn't hurt too bad.
congrats on 200k, international shipping is fair for overseas, but to canada? now thats a joke. if the game is shipping from atlanta, ga then thats closer to toronto then it is to some other us states grrrr
hurrah 200k! @shawn: yeah, the molds are killer. my sister works as a designer for a toy company, so she tells me these sort of things. what makes pewter cheaper? @joseph: i think the international shipping is more than fair. $25 for a box that big from the states? that's a steal. especially when the lithograph and the expansion packs ship for free. that's a lot of shipping cost they're absorbing!
i am paying $40 for 2 sets, and from my experience from buying internationally, it's not all that unreasonable to be honest.  $25 for over 100 figures, plus game, plus everything else is pretty darn good.
@joseph i think the deal in international postage is fair enough. that covers everything at the $100 level.
how about some discount for international shipping?
awsome! grats to all 100$+ pledgers and to all the rest aswell doesn`t matter really what comes next since the full pack we already get is absolutely fantastic. but there is 6 days left so keep the stretches coming so we can break em all
woop! 200k!
@erich &@anto:  it is indeed the molds.  i looked into making figures myself and depending on where they're made they can be up to $300 to $2,000 a cavity.  so 12 different figures is $3,600 on the very low end.     that's why i made my figures out of pewter... i couldn't pony up the cash to make them in plastic, even though i would've loved to.
sweet..... more zombies that's what i like well a eve zombie that is......be good to see what goals will be next.
past 200k congrats people..... now we need  more goals to get more stuff to make this deal even better than it already is!!!!  there's still 6 days left after all.... ;p
200k, well done people
gratz on 200k !!
zombie eva has arrived! (or will at a later date!)
next goal... beat out zpocalyse in support! only $10k to go!
awesome work, keep it going.
done! congratulations everybody!
$200,000!!! well done guys!!!
@pierre, why stop there. $110 gets not one but 2 eva figures!
omg ! who's gonna pledge 101$ ?? :-d
brace yourself for 200k...
almost there and the celebration will began
$1000 to go!
jason, please read the earlier comments. sept is just in case. they wanna ship in august and we're supposed to get our stuff first.
@niranth i don't think you will have your shirt in time for gencon... it's in august and this stuff is not supposed to ship until september, but nice thought.
i reckon the guys at coolminiornot/guillotine have plans.  we can suggest until we're blue in the face.  it'll hit $200,000 at some point today so i'm sure they'll let us know.
@anto: the cost in sculpts isn't the sculptor, but the mold. the mold is a crazy expensive thing that can go to the thousands (and sometimes tens of thousands) and can only create a finite number of figures until it breaks.
in theory, with all the additional funding they have received in this kick starter, surely it wouldn't be outside the realm of possibility that in the expansion to have 20 unique walker sculpts? if the average rate for a sculptor is $200 then it would only be $4000, which while a lot on it's own, is only a small amount of what's been raised so far and would make a lot of people buy the expansion if there is that much variety. i think they would easily raise more than $4000 more with that much variety than without.
for 220 000 $ ... a dice tower ??? ;o)
next stretch could be the black custom dice in all games now and in the future.   so all gets some cool dice :)
i've had a thought.  how about a zombie promo figure with it's counterpart for the expansion being it like bud from day of the dead? shackled and under control.
i would say some more cars and stuff is more usefull than a dice tower. if you want dice towers there are some cool ones right now here on kickstarter.
i would like to see some more zombies just to get some variety  , after all its all about the zombies and mashing them up. feel that’s what gets the people going and everyone has love for zombies
some actual 3d style terrain would be cool.  perhaps burnt/broken vehicles, trash piles, or even buildings themselves.  could also be small things like light poles, broken walls, trash cans, mailboxes etc. some different style walkers and runners would also be cool, to give more variety in the game.  perhaps, as others have suggested, climbing/crawling zombie types. hoping they have abomination sized shirts for the bigger zombicide players out there :)
yeah, the dice tower might not really be needed now that i think of it. but i would use it with other games that need more dices (arkham horror, elder sign,..)
@allan babies put everything in their mouths.  fact! as for the cats it's less eating and more batting around the room so i can never find them.  but the amount of sleep we get with the little one i feel like i'm living in zomicide.
not too keen on the tower either. depends on how many dice the game system requires.
@matt yer i was wondering about that too. by the way whats with you and your family eating your game?! your baby eats the zombies and the cat eats the dice.. unless your wife can keep her hands of the tiles, this forum is the only proof that youve actually got zombicide... :-)
i'd like a dice tower mainly because i am a moron and would more than likely drop my dice.  then the cats get them, or the baby.  then they're gone forever. @allan, what's interesting is that the day eva was released to us the money pledged was its highest but the amount of backers was less than the next day.
yessss! a glowing tower to match the dices! genius! :d
@matt: ah ah :) yeah that's what they say. but it sure proves that at leats two of us can definitely imagine themselves throwing their dice (black, white or glowing) in a nice dice tower :)
surely im not complaining even if there aren't any extra stretches, but i don't care for a dice tower no matter how great it looks. the biggest succes yet was the day they released the eva goal.. http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/ maybe the smartest move would be to release more stretches that we would have to pay for but in return are totally cool rewards, like minis and tiles. im happy with the plastic clips.. but hey its not that easy to find new backers, with the promise that maybe we get plastic clips..
i third (though i know it's been asked for already) a dice tower. maybe it could be designed like a destroyed building to be in keeping with the set.  just typed this without reading all of @gaia's post.  great minds...
maybe a big carton box for all the extra's because this is ridiclius much for this deal
@raphael: +1 for the dice tower at 220k! a niecely designed dice tower is always a plus for immersion.  i'd personnaly see it designed as a building in rumble in this case with a "we're not infected sign on ot'" (with blood on it of course xd)
196k this morning, 200k will be reached without problem. a tower dice for the 220k level ??
i think i am going to have to up my pledge to 2 copies.  1 set to use and play, and another set for miniatures to convert for other projects.  will give me double the amount of cards and boards for games as well, so i could have a very epic battle if i want.
something that would add to my bliss is allow me to choose the size of my t-shirt and get it to me so i can wear it proudly at gen con!
+1 on the dog and afro american dude i have pledged 170$ and i`ll give more if the next stretch is something badass...still...the game now is awsome and the rewards the same september cant get here fast enough
i most say if they had a afro american i want samuel l. jackson found him in general way more bad ass then will smith
@brad: haha, well said. any desire (for dogs) i do have must of course be tempered by their own analysis of "can we make money off this?" molds are, after all, the most expensive thing out there.
oh, you mean this link? http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php… sorry, i was sitting on it.
btw, before i forget, can we get the link to the community on the dev's homepage again? :)
@brad, cheers to that!
buy this man a beer! i was going to write a lenghty reply basically saying the same but he beat me to it. as for my original request, it was meant just as an idea i believe they should explore as i believe many players would actually buy it even just as a stand alone expension in the future, which means more profits. and why not make it a 240k goal instead of 220k? make it worth their while, make the last few days interesting and hopefully end it with a big bang (and big bad monster to boot)...
@carlos:  that's fine, if they do.  i spent $110, am considering increasing that basically 2x, and consider itself more than fair.  if they don't do another thing, i'm more than content -- and i think most people would say the same. if they offer more stretch goals, i want them to be beneficial for everyone.  i own a business; i'd never ask another business owner to take a hit for my benefit 'just because.'  first and foremost, to be honest, i want them to profit.  by doing so they will have more capital to build expansions that i can then buy so they can profit more. but sometimes you have to spend money to make money. (hence why i suggested cardboard tiles for environmental hazards, as i can't imagine it's as costly as modeling more figures, but, i'm surely no expert). if they can find a stretch reward that will generate them $20k more revenue and leave them with a profit when all is said and done, we should all support that. and if it doesn't equate to profit, i'd not expect them to do it, and nor should anyone else.
@eric: the little boy/girl with pet dog is also another good trope in the genre. @brent: that does! thanks!
@ erich, i found the scale to be 28mm heroic, hope it helps.
a little kid and his/her pet dog... a mastiff.
@bill: the i am legend will smith + dog sounds good too. still get a dog!  also i can't seem to find the information on this easily, but what scale (mm) are these models? if no dog, i can always plan to kit my own.
i imagine if there is another stretch goal, it will be for the mysteriously missing chuck norris promo character already hinted at... we may even get to choose his skills!
@erich. yeah, even if not a stretch goal  would love to see a survivor dog... though i would want a big dog that looks like it could survive a fight but fast enough to run when needed... like the german shepard in i am legend... but i would also like to see some zombie dogs... 2 or 3 different modles/breeds... so one doberman, one rotty and one pitbull... have a pack of 12-15... since they move like runners these guys would be deadly... but if they have one more stretch/promo in them, i second the person who asked for the will smith and dog from i am legend... i would pay $20 for will and the dog, and love the chance (at $230k or $240k) to have zombie versions of them as well....
i hope there is one more stretch goal, but if there isn't i am 110% satisfied with all i'm getting for my $110 ;)
i don't mind if there are no more stretch goals: this is already a fantastic deal and it sounds like a fantastic game that i can't wait to play with my friends. it took a lot of self-control to keep myself from going straight for the hand-painted set. but if there were to be more stretch goals, i'd love a dog. we have all the other survivor archetypes; i would love to see a dog as a survivor hero. one that's big enough to not need to bite, but better at rooting out scavenging goods for the team. even if the dog wasn't a stretch goal and just got released later as an expansion, i'd pay full price for it in a heartbeat.
i must agree with the other folks that said they are happy with the extras we have already gotten.  it's a lot of stuff for the price and i feel we are all getting a good deal now.  if cmon decides to add another stretch, it would be for them to bring in additional backers.  if they are comfortable with were things stand now, i would be more than happy with the game and additions we already have gotten.  i would not turn down more, but where we are now is just fine.
nice to see over 1500 backers now too !
i'm glad not everybdy is willing to complain about everything. we already have a ton of stuff and whatever they come up with will be cool, even if it seems "small". that's alright. i believe this level of support was totally unexpected, but they're willing to do whatever it takes to give us stuff without going bankrupt. i've loved every goal, there's no single item that has disappointed me, so i'll welcome any freebie they add to the $135 i'm happily paying for this.
@erik, from what i hear, september is a cushion. the release is actually in august and ours should arrive before gencon!
think we will easily reach the 220k.
i'm really not sure why people are being so silly about the goals.  i understand that the actual clippy things may seem ho hum, as i understood the machine to manufacture them is not.  i think the game looks great, it's the first and only game i've backed, although i've looked at several other games including zapoc, and i decided in under 10 minutes. it would be great if they are able to offer any additional swag, but to be honest i'm pretty pleased so far. keep up the great work guys, and for those people a little unhappy right now, we all have the summer to make those bad feelings all go away and anticipate ship date in september.  (are we talking late or early sept???)
so, i just noticed that the lowest amount pledged in a day was $2, 901. if we assume the worst and that is all we get for the remaining days, we would add $17,406 totaling $210,527... beating out zpocalyse in support!
wouldn't we all have been thrilled earlier in this endeavor to just have had them hit $100k? lol! now that it has taken off too many people are assuming that the designers are going to become millionaires off of this game. i am sure they will have more stretch goals, but i do not think we can seriously expect anything to knock our socks off.  we are getting some great stuff already. maybe they can give us some of the white dice for free or a new/extra tile sheet for additional scenarios for ks supporters. i think that would be about it.
@carlos...then they tell us no more stretch goals at 200k... so be it, we still supported and we still win, cause we've already met the original goal of $20,000...so this fantastic game can be made, everything else is just bonus. win win i say... its just up to them if they want more money or if they are happy at 200k. but, just like everyone else...more is always better. :)
@carlos, i would keep my pledge. and smile at the wonderful amount of things im getting for my money. . others on the otherhand, will probably call foul. . now, as ive said before, i love free stuff. and wont complain what the next stretch reward is. . but im thinking cmon should make it a $240k+ goal. to give the naysayers nothing to complain about, yet not hurting themselves as theres a chance it wont be reached. . just my op
they give us stuff, big and small, and we complain. what would happen if they told us, once we reach 200k, there's no more stretch goals?
@brad: environment hazard could be a great addition too. toxic spill? player trapped in a room by a fire? hmmm...
oh, for a possible idea for another stretch goal (that would be, i think, less expensive than modeling a new figure), what about tiles to represent environmental hazards that can crop up, which could damage survivors or zombies?  oil spills, fires, toxic materials, etc?  seems it'd be fairly cheap for the designers to create, and their use in a game could be totally optional ...
@eric, i was thinking more along the lines of a deformed, clawed, two headed type monstrosity that's not afraid of lifting some cars to throw at fleeing players who pussy out from a fight. blob doesn't quite do it for me...
threw down my $110 earlier today.  thinking about going to the 2x level to give a copy to a friend.  looks awesome!  hopefully you guys come up with another stretch reward that is worthwhile for you and good for contributors, too.  but in either case, can't wait!
...or some sort of resident evil boss monster...hehe...c'mon, cmon, a 30 cm miniature...take a night shift, draw sketches, sculpt it, make molds....and show us some first impressions of our next stretch goal tomorrow...hehe...and send it to 1,600 backers for free...hehe...will they stop complaining? no, hehehehehe.... i really like the idea of such a monster, though. there are some nice cthulhu sculpts out there.
@alexandre...agreed...maybe like the creature from "the thing", or "the blob".
@alexandre valois: i liked your idea. c'mon gives us a monstruosity.
the only thing i wish this game would have (please, consider this for an extra pledge level!!!) is a new zombie level above abomination.... bring out the horror. make it 4 tiles large. make it so strong it would take a 6 player melee to bring it down. make it the epic grand finale masterpiece of every game campaign. please?
im not trying to come off as a complainer, the plastic counters are a great addition to the game, and im glad it was thought of, and added to assist in game management. but typically game stretch goals are usually pretty big in regards to rewarding backers and are limited to kickstarter pledges. regardless im backing this game with a pledge of over $100, and think its a fantastic game and feel bar none its one of the best listed ever on this site. so no complains here, just stated an opinion that maybe it should of just been added to the game and not as a stretch goal prize, thats all. but i think the designers, producers and developers are doing a wonderful job.
@eric:  i agree!  i have about 80 or so painted zombies already. so cards/tiles that allow me to use some of my own miniatures would be great!  i think someone mentioned a custom character creator would be cool. i'm guessing a lot of us backing this game already have a lot of zombie minis and this woud be a great way to incorporate them.
so.... what is the next stretch goal after 200k?  i have a feeling we'll make it there. i usually don't paint minis... but i think i am going to have a lot of fun with these!!
@don .. some people like to complain.  they are best ignored as to avoid validating their responses.   having said that, some "suggestions" are actually taken on board after the initial game design that probably, with after thought, should have been in the original design, just not thought of.  the plastic trackers are a good example as this was suggested by people seeing the game demo at a convention.
i am confused about all of the complaints... the game retails for $89.00... for my $100 pledge i get the box game... 2 sets of dice (plus the one included in game) plus how many extra figures? 3 fatties, 1 extra abomintation, 6 runners, 20 walkers.... how many promo figs? 3 survivors plus their zombie counerparts. i don't know but it sounds like awesome deal to me!
(rolls eyes), the plastic trackers should of already been apart of the game since the start. kind of a lame goal prize, its nice to have, but should be just included in the package deal, its not like once the game is published they arent going to include them in the game.
yayyayayayayayayya plastic trackers! how many come with this strech goal?
has this game been featured yet?
the promo zombies and eva ship free. see the shipping faq
@cmon: will it be possible to combine the promo zombies & eva with the ks expansion next year? to save shipping costs...
ebay, baby ;-) nah, just kidding...not gonna sell them. i'll have different color schemes.
eva is cool, but she's not that cool for 3. if she showed more skin, then id pay more...lol.
i'll get meself 3 evas!
i'd add to my pledge again, within reason.  for example i added $20 for eva and white dice, but not for the glowing as i'm getting those in my $100 pledge anyway.  pretty sure we'll hit $200,000 so really it's only $5 for eva and $5 for zombieva. so if more sides were added i'd might stump, though i'm not made of cash!
@iain, agreed, more stretch goals, tiles & cards would be great...like a weapon pack or survivor cards of characters that aren't playable, but that you find along the way of the adventure that either add to your abilities or provide an extra action. that way the can introduce more people without having to create so many models.
coolminiornot - will we get plastic trackers for the promo survivors?  if not will you make them purchaseable like eva/white dice?
oh ye and of course a burning zombies..
as long as we are in the zombie buissnes how about a:  crawling torso zombie? kid zombie? amored zombie? blood puking zombie? weapon wielding zombie? totally rotten (fresh outta the grave) zombie? as much as i would like to see more sculpts i rather have them come with new special rules instead of just being more of the same type..
more stretch goals = greater momentum.  although the stretch goals are already good! my 2 cents - tiles and cards, ash and chuck norris.
@allan, lmao, yeeess!!! that would be great. lol.
hmm. will we reach 2k backers?
fatty female has to have a rolling pin
@eric fatty female.. you mean something like this.... http://www.chimpout.com/forum/imagehosting/1574a3e6d20057ee.jpg
@allan...lmao...true that...id also like to see a "fatty female", like in a moo moo gown, slippers and hair rollers...with a small dead animal stuck to her butt from accidentally sitting on it cause shes so fat...lol. sooo many possibilities of great character ideas...its by far the best board game with a variety of personalities on the board.
no thanks to dublicate survivors.. yes to zombie strippers as long as they don't suck as much as the movie did....
zombie strippers!!!
no extra copies of survivors.
i'd rather have more zombies than survivors if we're having more of the same. but agreed. new is most certainly better!
you can pick those up after the game is released, we want items we cant get after its release. lets keep it "promotional", getting more of the same stuff isnt going to increase the backers pledge levels, new and improved is where its at.
i would love extra survivor copies in case i mess up a paintjob.
i definitely do not want extra survivor copies.
extra copies of survivors? meh, you're really scratching the bottom of the barrel there. there is so much more to do!
what about some extra copies of the survivors already included int he main game as a goal?  they could be in a different color.  this would provide extras in case one got lost (not as big a concern with all the extra zombies) and would give people an extra mini to paint.  some people might even want to run two of the same character.  i figure it's worth asking since they already have the molds and would not have to produce anything new.
for all of the newcomers. remember to join the growing community on http://www.coolminiornot.com/forums/forumdisplay.php…
what ever the bonuses are they need to be epic, they need to spark interest in adding increases to our already backed pledges.
so what do people think of josh as jesse from breaking bad? i never quite bought into him being symbolic of the occupy movement.
man the amount being raised is racing along.  cmon, you'll need to add some more goals to aim for soon!  this is pretty awesome! perhaps some plastic 3d terrain peices?  trash piles, dead/decaying corpses, broken/burnt cars etc. an additional idea for another survivor - sports survivor.  could be a baseball bat weilding guy, an armoured up ice-hockey player with a blade attached to his hockey stick, or even a football player who plays dirty and has a set of brass knuckles. some zombie children or survivor children would also be quite cool too.
well i don't know how it works in the rest of the world but i know that tomorrow is pay day for danes, if thats the same in other countries, we might see a lot of new backers. even though people aren't charged before the 6th of may, theres always the chance that someone some a holding back unntill after pay day, to make sure they can afford it..
i think there is zero possibility of not getting to 200k in 6 days....  i signed up at 169k and change...less than 18 hours ago.  now it's up almost 20k more. so.... what's the 220k and 240k bonuses??
what of the 220k reward? and the 240? now you guys will have to think long and hard for that one. dont forget "last days rush". it always happens!
@ trevor 200 people allready asked that question (including myself) and had it answered from cmon.. you should add the shipping cost 25 + 15 in case of more than one abomination. so if you want an abomination pledge (100) plus the eva mini(10). your total pledge should be 135. after the kickstarter ends, all of us will recieve emails regarding what we want our extra money spend on...
kickstarter's policy is that shipping amounts should be added to the pledge. after the ks is over we'll send out a survey getting all your details including which options you want.  only 6 days to go!
you have to add it manually to your pledge.
@coolminiornot can i get clarification; the $25 for shipping internationally,  should it be part of your pledge or will it be added automatically when the charge goes through?
i like the new additional items and added $20.00 to my pledge for the white dice and eva.   i'm guessing you'll send an email asking for people to clarify what their added money is before you ship anything.  i hope you come up with some new stretch goals.  i'd like to see some special left 4 dead type special zombies like smokers or spitters.
@christopher, those are some pretty solid ideas...night and day is cool, maybe having the zombie spawning higher at night, weather would be cool, maybe for expansion packs, like tiles for a house, and have a rainstorm effect and power goes out...causing difficulty increase. multiple floors, (2 story house). have a "climber" or "jumper" based zombie...to add to that concept. this game seriously could rival "last night on earth" if they keep coming up with these ideas. i think bar none, this game is one of the best offered on kickstarter. loving it, and very excited for it to be released. maybe some "mission" based tokens would be cool, (ig: gas cans for a car to get out, fuse for a replaced fuse box, paint for a s.o.s. sign for roof top on a multi-level building.) maybe "survivor packs" to offer them in packs of 3. i also think a kid character...that way kids can play someone they can relate too, like the "home alone" kid, or a "goonie".
thanks titangames, thanks to your comment i put the 25$ for shipping in my pledge, i forget it!!! my pledge its same that yours: abomination + eva + white dice + shipping to spain. +1 to afroamerican fireman!! and a dog please xd
my turn to throw ideas on the table: - night/day effects - weather effects - survivor(s) vs survivor(s) (vs zombies) - communication between players limited by position on the board - multiple storey-buildings (with staircase as critical ways in and out) idea for the survivor with an axe: a fireman, afro-american fireman!
@coolminiornot:  awesome!  i have huge troubles dealing with soft plastic figures for board games, so having them as a hard styrene or resin-plastic is bloody awesome.  thanks!  also just bumped my pledge to $145 - abomination + eva + white dice and $25 for shipping to australia.  so looking forward to this!
@ stanley...or how about, a hobo with a shotgun?
what about a survivor with an axe?
lol, i just thought of another one, a guy dressed up as a clown, or in a santa claus or easter bunny costume...lol, like a mascot, but killing zombies...lmao.
@titangames they're the same material as the stuff privateer press makes their models from, so not rubbery if that's your fear.
the idea of b.a. barracus made a survivor is awesome! also, there is not a military-type survivor.
@eric, that one would be great also! :d right now i was thinking and i cant believe i didn't think of this sooner. i badly want to see a survivor with a gas mask! and the best candidate for this would be hunk (resident evil)! he would make a fine addition.
what kind of material are the miniatures made from?  is it a hard plastic or the soft kind you sometimes get for board games?  i am hoping it's hard plastic as they are much easier to look after, as well as paint and re-model.
@jose,i think b.a.baracus or should i say "sergeant bosco albert "b.a." (bad attitude) baracus, from the a-team would be a great african american...i pity the zombie that stands in his way!!!
i like the will smith idea...afro samurai is cool too (:
@ james, ha! that pimp will make a fine addition to the game! xd also a shawn (shawn of the dead) inspired miniature would be cool.
@ eric: i'm with you on the pimp, it would be cool if they based him on kat williams "a pimp named slickback" character from the boondocks. @shawn: wow man that's the first time i have seen those minis and will deffinitely be checking those out.
i would also suggest, after hearing talk about a animal miniature and that there is no african american survivors, what about a will smith + dog combo (i am legend) inspired miniatures.
i second the motion for a ash (army of darkness) inspired miniature.
i vote "tom savini" the famous make-up special fx artist that plays in most of the horror films. he has a lot of great characters he's played in film. also "alice", the main character from the resident evil movies would be a cool add on.  "micheal jackson" from thriller would be funny. where the soliders at? the military should have presents in the game too... or a pimp, since there are pimp cars. i think a bonus item card of a animal companion, like a dog could be cool, they could be sacrificed for hit points, or be able to do a searches a couple spaces away to "fetch" & look for iteams for your character or attack a zombie or they could simply "run away" to lead some zombies in another direction. just some suggestions. i'm a backer and am really excited for this game, the only item i'm not excited for is the computer designer for the tiles. and that's only cause i don't have a computer, i do this on my cell phone, so its a usless perk. a grab bag of extra tiles would of been cooler. since you guys are making so much more money, you might want to include "extra" tiles for supporters,  you know to make more room for all those zombies your hooking us up with. keep up the good work, and cheers!
with all these abomination only stretch rewards, i am surprised more fatty backers don't upgrade their pledges!
looking forward to this game!  also hoping that you'll offer the miniatures to be bought separately.  the limited kickstarter ones should stay just that - limited to the kickstarter.  but the others i would like to get an additional set or so of them.
if zombicide can maintain $20k/day for the rest of the ks campaign (7 full days), that's $320k total.  and right now the rate is still accelerating. http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/ we're gonna need some more stretch goals...
i agree!  i manufacture 28mm minis (http://kingzombie.com) that are 1st responder zombies that hopefully are scaled the same as these minis.
seeing on the direction the expansion seems to be taking the game it seems like it would be a good idea to try and incorporate "home-brew" characters/minis that have zombie versions. that being said several of the hasslefree miniatures have zombie versions (shaun/ray) while some do not (ash/oakley). some of the sculpts will blend in a bit better than others as well. personally i think the "dynamic ray" mini and his zombified form would make an easy transition into the game. the only catch is until we actually have zombicide minis in hand we can't be 100% sure as to how well they will scale to other miniature lines. regardless i would love to see a high-def artwork for a blank character card and info on the font they used to label them.
yup.. look at hasslefree miniatures, i know they have ash, shaun, ed, the cop from the 2006 version of dawn of the dead and a lot of very fine 28mm survivors and zombies availeable..  http://www.hfminis.co.uk/shop…
bazinga!!! dave the geek seems like sheldon cooper...
all the folks wanting ash or plisken or some of the other requested figures, look around.   there are metal figures for most of those out there.  all it would require is some high speed zombicide fan to make custom cards for those characters. maybe c'mon can include a 'blank' card template as a reward?   or include it with the tile editor?  if not, i'm sure one of you guys can figure out how to make one...
$180,000! plastic trackers for all!  was it answered if the promo figures will have them?
hmm i guess thats gonna be the next big thing.. help babies ate my crayons, the boardgame..
yeah but if he bites a zombie they become a crazed monster who eats crayons, loves cheerios and wants milk.  and that's too scary for me.
@matt well with 108 zombies i guess you could share a couple of them with him without noticing :-)
@matt zombies with teethmarks = character
@shoogoo thanks for the support! i'm just hoping my 14 month old won't eat some of my zombies!
@matt : playing alone isn't pathetic. when you hit the thirties it's so hard to gather a regular group for some people (me included) so having a game that you can play alone is a huge plus. i played more solo games of space hulk : death angel and gears of war : tbg than i did with other people.
i know everyone's asking for chuck norris, ash, snake pliskeen, and the like.  but i reckon this left field suggestion is a winner. http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000979/
well be rude not to add eve...and might as well add so.e white dice. to go with all the add extras . roll on 200k. adding the extra 200k pledge seems to have given this kickstart what it needed . keep on adding more mini...
so i've been looking around and i was trying to think why i didn't go for zpocalypse (i did really consider it) but have gone crazy for zombicide. now i'm not a massive rpger.  i've played before but i have a young kid and a wife who's not a massive geek.  my best friends work shifts or have kids themselves.  so getting everyone together is nigh impossible unless it's a coffeehouse or pub. years ago we did play zombies but once.  but i love the games. the biggest difference between zombicide and zpocalypse that i can see (and zpoc fans don't crucify me for my opinion) is design.  zpoc looks like a scarily dense rpg.  it's very dark and the design isn't inviting. you look at zombicide and everything from the boxcover to the miniature design make it inviting.  i showed it to my wife (who's paid for my pledge for my birthday) and she thinks it looks cool.  showing her the design and explaining it, she's willing to give it a go.  i know had i shown her zpoc, it would have been a much harder sell. using characters that are archetypes and based on pop culture is also a great idea. the other thing is (and zpoc may have had this) you can play on your own.  i know it sounds pathetic but i can imagine having a quiet game to yourself would be calming and like zombie brain training. sorry to double post, thought i'd share with fellow zombifiles.
@anthony wang & @jason mcfarland over at the forum i suggested a whole series of survivors that are bruce campbell characters. a larper (autolycus from xena) old fat elive (bubba ho-tep) hawaiian shirt wearing washed out spy (burn notice) astronaut who's returned to zombie invasion (alien apocalypse) guy who plays cowboy in theme park (brisco county jr) one handed shotgun totting store clerk (ash - evil dead/army of darkness) high school gym coach (sky high)
@popski.. great idea perpaps a bit unfair, if some item or other cards require a lot of reading but lets hope thats not the case, because frankly im a bit tired of miniature boardgames turning into card vs counter card games.. i was thinking that this game gonna need a feasting rule.. im not sure how but many zombie games doesn't have very gory rules just a bit of blood on the tiles, cards etc.. and the feasting rule from atz is pretty cool.. or maybe its just an excuse to have a friend sculpting zombies feasting on one of the poor survivors...
the gameplay looks really good. i can see the tension will be great as other peoples actions make it tougher for everyone.  i think it might be good to have a turn time limit to keep the tension going.  you would need a timer, either a physical one or an app. maybe 60 sec a turn and at the 15 sec mark it starts making zombie noises with a scream as time runs out.  what do people think.
yeah i love the actual survivors too. if you want a more generic/bland one, just pick josh or ned or even wanda (nobody could pinpoint who they were based on).
@jason: yes ppppppplllleeeeaaasssseeee give us ash cmon!!! :d
am i the only one to wonder how the katana stick to the back? :-)
yeah, i'm digging the 'familiar' survivors as well.  i think it's about time we see ash :)
@thegreenmachine: i dunno i kinda like all the pop culture references. i think to myself...during a zombie apocalypse who would i want to kick it with. bruce willis, machete, and uma with a katana tops the list :d
hi all, onboard now with $100 pledge plus $35 for the extra goodies, dice (white and glow) and eva keep on rising.
any chance to add extras of cholo or the other promo figs?
i have two questions. how much of the bonus stuff will actually fit in the box? also, is there any chance of an black survivor in the future?
thanks for the answers earlier.  do you know how many of the plastic clips trackers we will be getting?  and how we might acquire more?
how about some more "original" heros in future releases.  i largely feel like i'm being forced to live someone elses fanboy dreams.
yep. added another $20 to my total. white dice and eva/zombie eva for me too cause y'know we're going to go past $200k. so... what are the game designers/producers actually going to do with this kickstarter windfall anyway? vegas? fast cars? hot wimmenz that are taller than 28mm?
ok, added $10 for eva... any more surprise promo figs... i am gonna be in withdraw when this kickstart project is over... this is addictive...:)
cool - added my additional $20 (now up to $210) for the additional white dice and eva.  $200,000 here we come!!!!
or just scroll all the way down on the project home page :)
@john - check update #24 and you will see what they have planned for 200,000
cmon: are there plans for 200,000 and 220,000.  well, added 35 to my pledge.  extra dice and mini's, can't turn them down.
now i don't want to come off as a complainer...these stretch rewards are fantastic. especially the extra figures etc.  but, with the 40 walkers in the base game + the 20 additional walkers (stretch goal for abom level backers) we have 5 unique sculpts, 2 female & 3 male (if the photos represent all of the sculpts). assuming an even distribution, that's 12 duplicates of each walker. what i would love is some alternate sculpts (like say the "walk of the dead" stretch goal was two new unique sculpts...10 each). even an alt fatty and an additional runner sculpt would be awesome. i plan on painting these up...and i know having each zombie unique is completely unrealistic...but a few more alternate sculpts would really add some cool variety to an already fantastic game. if this is out of the question...perhaps offering booster packs of new zombie sculpts in the future could be considered? on a side note, the zombicide figures (and integral bases) look very similar to the figures for ffgs cadwallon - city of thieves...which was designed by some former rackham designers/sculptors and backed by paulo parente's dust games. i have a copy of that one, and the production value is excellent (i hope the zombicide boards, chits, and cards are of similar quality to ffg) except that some of the figures and their bases are a bit 'warped.' i have contemplated removing them from their bases and pinning them to some actual gaming bases (either dark age/warmachine style rimmed slotas, or the old square confrontation bases). in any case, when battle foam releases trays for this game...that may be a problem...may have to have trays custom cut to fit alternate base size.
found out about this today, read through everything and watched the youtube video and then pledged $110. take my money! then i got my brother to pledge $110. looking forward to getting that zombie eva!
typo: today's pledges: $19,225. that makes more sense!
today's pledges (until now): $1,225. more than yesterday, the pledges are not not slowing at all. even if today's record is due to the extras, we've hitting a stretch goal every day. tomorrow we'll have secured the plastic trackers and by tuesday (at most) we'll have zombie eve. i totally see us putting kicktraq's trend (231k) to shame.
all the dice are engraved/indented, so should stand up to wear quite well!
hey cmon are all of your custom made dice (black, glowy and white), engraved? og does some of them just have the numbers and icons printed on them? asking course i hate when dice loose their scores after being used a bit. happend alot with descent and doom dice, and as a result the dice score slowly became unreadeable as the numbers faded away..
added my 25$  for eva and a set of the glowy dice.
we'll definitely get pictures of the painted sets for everyone's reference!
@cmon when we receive the zombies could you do a competition on the best painted zombie or survivor ,;]. for some of us backers, we arnt that good at painting    it would be good to have some idea s of colors to use in painting.
$135 added .p
juz added $20... this going to be one of the coolest board games i have...
everyone puts in the extra $20 and it'll put us damn close to 200k ;) that couldn't have been planned?
added $20 for the optionals! go zombicide go!!!
that's an excellent idea! done!
...ah, yes...and how about updating the faqs? there are quite a few questions revolving here..
eva is a promo figure, so won't be generally available.  the dice is made from a soft tool, so again, once that tool is exhausted we'll be moving on to making other cool stuff!
@cmon: is the additional stuff (dice & eva) for backers only? or will it be purchasable in the future?
@cmon - you've given us black, white, and glow in the dark zombie dice. if you can come up with 3 more colours then each player of the basic game would have their own dice set and you'd get more money from me. maybe from a few others too. just sayin'.   ; )
yes, all ks backers will have their rewards shipped first!
question about delivery date.  i assume the goal is to get this out by gencon(like most games try to).  will backers be assured that we will get our copies before the general public has the ability to buy?
yes that's right, eva will ship with the rest of the zombie promo survivors.
am i correct in assuming eva will not ship till q2 2013 with the expansion?
ooooo - yes, a dicebag would be a great stretch goal... some custom battlefoam foam trays would be great too. :)
nevermind, i just read some of the comments.
@greg: pledge $110
so to get eva i pledge $110? or will my $100 do?
a dice bag would be nice too.
they still can sculpt minis. so if we cross the 200k barrier i want a dog to help the survivors.
if they made an offer like update 24 again i'd go for it.  the figures don't cost $10 to make, it covers their costs a bit more.
funny how a few of you were saying some time ago that a new sculpt couldnt be added or any new items. lol i still wish a dice bag and a dice tower were thrown in.
yes i take back my doubt of getting to $200.000.  with the zombie eva in the firing line i can see it going up!
well... now we are back to the trend.
alright, you talked me into cmon.  i upped for white dice and the new chica.
well damn, i'm completely obsessed with this game, the kickstarter and refreshing this page all the time. im going crazy stop adding stuff already!!!11
@ bansi: "coolminiornot about 2 hours ago just go to the zombicide kickstarter page, choose "manage pledge" (green button on the right) and add the correct amount for the optional stuff. at the end of the kickstarter a survey will go out and you can tell use which items you picked. super easy."
@bansi yes surveys will go out after the kickstarter finishes. so just make sure the pledge amount is right and rest easy!
@manuel - yes, i get you! and i don't disagree. but i would bet that shortly after the game comes out that battle foam will announce custom foam trays that fit into the game box and hold all the minis! that will make for a cool travel set!
this may have been answered earlier, but if we reach 180000 will we get plastic trackers for eva and the other stretch survivors?
um, how do you know what my upped pledge is intended for? will you inquire later??
@ john j: yes, i know...the thing is, i can't live with badly crafted, home-made stuff that serves as a placeholder for a component of such an awesome game. it should be all consistent, all made and produced by the same team. get my thought? and the discs would certainly not replace the minis generally. but the game would hit the table more often if there was such a travel option available.
@ eitherorlok - i'm with you! upped my pledge $20! figured the game needs the white dice and the eva! i'm in for all of it! @manuel - you could always just make up your own "travel edition" using coins, poker chips or counters to represent the minis, but imho it will really take away from the "arrrgh! i'm surrounded by zombies!" visual aspect of the game!
@ coolminiornot:  sure...that's why i assumed that "some people might find it weird" :-) and i'm completely with you. i love the minis. that is the reason why i'd like to have a "travel edition"!
@manuel not sure about the map editor, what i know now it's the tool the devs use, with all the art we've used as well.  so combined with any other software you have it should be a pretty powerful tool.  you can get 3x eva per abomination level pledge, any more and postage gets problematic.  as for 2d counters... umm... minis are kinda our thing.
@ coolminiornot: 3 more questions...sorry for bothering you! 1. the map editor, how does it work? will there be a bunch of illustrations which are combinable? will it be possible to use other images? how to make it look homogeneous? 2. can i buy more than one eva? 3. some people might find it weird, but i dare to ask: could you imagine to provide printable stickers with top view images of heroes and zombies to be put on wooden discs and used instead of the minis? i definately won't take my precious minis to friends....yeah, i know, there are special miniature cases...but no, my minis will stay at my place, that's for sure. those pawns would suit the perspective of the tiles, too....
the new mini and white dice look nice!  i had to up my pledge accordingly!  :)
i know it's early to discuss next years expansion to zombicide, but i had three thoughts on it i'd like to put out there. 1.) zombie children. one boy and one girl sculpt.  there is a great variety already, but children are the largest demographic missing. 2.) stand alone and compatible with zombicide is better than zombicide is required.  expansions never sell as well as stand alone games. supplements limit their target audiance to people already playing the game. stand alones capture new players. the newish d&d boardgames sold really well and are basically the same game with with different minaitures and tiles. 3.)it's also a no-brainer that cmon should run a kickstarter for zombicide 2
@ropya the anticipated street date is in august, and we'll ship all ks pledges before shipping to stores / retailers.  the september date listed is a hedge, just in case something gets delayed.  we'd rather over-deliver than disappoint!
just added another $40 dead zombiefied presidents to my pledge! people are going to regret not getting aboard on this one, i guarantee!
i can see a potentiel buisness starting up just by the map editor itself. imagine if they started selling downloadeable floor and furniture designs in the future. the designers could focus on making cool balanced rules and minis for the expansions while the gaming community will keep the game alive with scenarioes and tiles.. the posibilities of this game might be endless. allready know i am gonna need a sculpt of zombies feasting on a corpse.. don't know for what yet, but i will find a purpose for it..
a buddy is debating getting in on this. what is the street date for public release on shelves? at least the planned date, since were getting this septemberish
@manuel, i thought so, just wanted to confirm it. . @cmon, thanks for the quick reply.
the map editor, how does it work? will there be a bunch of illustrations which are combinable? will it be possible to use other images? how to make it look homogeneous?
@ropya, yup every "abomination" level set gets a set of stretch goals, so if you have, for example, a 6 pack, you'll get 6 sets of the stretch goals!
it doubles them all. cmon stated that, too.
survivor doubles up abomination. so am i correct in understanding that survivor doubles all stretch goals? . some state as such, and some dont.
any official word on the number of plastic clips / counters are being put in? is it enough for one for each figure? in case we want to run 10 person games?
ooooo! great idea adam!!!
zpocalypse was the number 2 best funded boardgame at 210,237 . ithink we need an awesome stretch goal,  like the chuck norris survivor/zombie at $210,238!!!
adam well are all in agreement with you! thank you for articulating that. :)
i 've gone from $75 up to $230 over the last few weeks entirely based on the strength of the rewards and stretch goals.
clever guys.
ajust upped my pledge $35, and also watched it go up $300 with no new backers. this is going to be another amazing day.
good thing you added that new survivor, upping my pledge for it made me realise amazon had my old card details for payment :s
who's got 2 thumbs and just added $20 to their pledge? this dude!!!
would still love a tom savini model, perhaps as 'blades' from the original dawn of the dead, or maybe 'sex machine' in 'from dusk to dawn' :)
bing there we go..  now only 40000 and all is perfect.
mmm...fries...
beatrix kiddo!!!!
perfect thank you for the clarification coolminiornot :)!
just go to the zombicide kickstarter page, choose "manage pledge" (green button on the right) and add the correct amount for the optional stuff.  at the end of the kickstarter a survey will go out and you can tell use which items you picked.  super easy.
okay question, i know it's probably already been answered. what if i want the white dice and the new eva duran? do i just pay $20 more dollars? or do i need to do a whole new pledge of a $120 in order to get them?
added $10 to my abomination pledge. does anyone know if i have to let cmn know personally about that or do they just automatically assume that i'm going for the eva promo fig?
dammit...just got another $10 out of me ;)
hi uma thurman :-)
bam, just upped my pledge $35. now i truly hope we pass 200k.
dear coolminiornot i truly wish i could shake everyone of your hands it has been a very long time since a game has come out that i'm as excited for this as i am for this one.  i plan on buying a couple copies for my friends and i wish the best for all of you and the best in sales.   good day ian
today will be lower than yesterday, but that is for one reason only - the new $1505 pledge only has one spot left open. that $4515 yesterday helped out a lot.
i am curious about the character cards.  it may only be the video, but it looks like the choice of colors may need to be tweaked.  i noticed in the video the experience zones shifting from blue to red, it seems like the orange and red colors are too close in shades.  is this final artwork or was it just poorly captured on the demo video?
@allan i agree.  i think every stretch goal has been great. i completely see why the plastic counters were put in a a stretch, just logically i can see them being cost preclusive for the base game.  it's all well and good some people saying they should be there, but in the current market i imagine that games like this need to be kept a cheap as possible.
i think that putting the map editor out for everyone is a really smart move.. with the map editor out this game could keep being fun long after the standard scenarioes have been overplayed. with a bit of luck, players will create so many different tiles and scenarioes that this opens all kinda opportunities for us to create campaigns and keep the game alive without fans screaming for new tiles and scenarioes in every expansion.. can't stop thinking about robo rally or the console game farcry 2. both games had map editors that easily allowed everyone to create their own maps. even though robo rally is more than 20 years old, i believe, i still see new maps created on the internew for everyone to print and play.. uhhh this could be the begining of something cool.. to excited... gotta sit down and breath into a bag for while...
@matt : i agree.
$9000 in a day? yeah, we can do this.
it'll definitely his $160,000 in the next few hours.  hopefully we'll hit $180,000 but i'm still not 100% we'll hit $200,000.
i don't see why it would be low today. it's only noon in the us and we're a saturday. in fact i'd be surprised if it doesn't reach 15k today.
@shoogoo i agree xd
i think the momentum is easing. we will be below the trend today.
i've observed that the pledges greatly increase when the us is not sleeping.
for me the option to make new tiles s great and just gives the game an extra edge. the plastic tracker......well nice to have i'll say..... i do hope some more goals are added to get past that
i have noticed a steady increase of backers since the beginning of this. so i beg to differ. see for yourself, plus the day is not over. http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/
i wish they would offer a really great prize for the last stretch before the end.
@anto cerrato: i mean in the last few hours seems the new backers are less than average.
@fulvio - what do you mean? yesterday raised over $18k the most for a single day so far, so people are obviously willing to back the project, even after the last two stretches were announced. yes, the trackers are a little underwhelming compared to the other things we've been given, but the map designer is an awesome reward. both because it gives you the option to print new tiles if you wish, but for those of us who look to expand into a 3d board, it offers inspiration for the look and feel, and may even provide some layout ideas also.
well it seems that the backers are less willing to support the project. would that be related to the not so great new prizes?
@mac i see what you mean.  i've been doing my best to promote! i wish i could claim through complete altrism, but i also wanted to reach the stretch goals. coolminiornot - please give us time if you do do a drive for the expansion.  some of us will have to save!!!
@ matt: sure, in theory, there's an upper limit to what is possible. the thing is that upper limit isn't going to be reached within the next 8 days - nowhere close. think about it, for all that this has been a great success we (as of this post) only have 1270 backers. that isn't anywhere near the number of potential buyers of the game. as time goes on more people find out about the game, who then then tell more people etc.
i don't get how kicktrak can really work. surely a drive like this would have a cutoff point. if you factor in access, peoples knowledge of ks, worldwide recession, the timeframe etc who's to say it won't abruptly stop at some point?  sure it can't sustain this incredible growth? don't take this as lack of belief in zombicide or a desire to get to the stretch goals. i just find it fascinating.
john > using the new weighted matrix, it's possible it could even go higher: http://i.imgur.com/dk7uk.png
http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide  .. trending towards well over 200k @carlos ... if cmon doesn't post a set of pictures, i will be.
@ropya  i sure they will let us know if we reach it.
the d-fens (doug) mini is the only one actually aiming at...ehm...zombies...will the others get eaten???
@john: we need photos of those prepainted sets. either by cmon/guillotine games or by the lucky owners (on bgg). i have such a bad taste that i'm not touching my game with brushes before seeing the work of a pro.
@troy, you think they will do a even swap out? that would be nice. this is something ive wondered about since seeing the first video . and thanks for all the perks cmon, hella sweet
@cory - thanks
by the way .. im delighted to see all the hand painted sets sold out and a new 5 sets agreed to .. looking forward to seeing aaron's work.  i presume there will be photos of the painted set up on cmon website
on the update page they do say it will be available on mac.
regarding downloadable map editor and scenario creator.  don't suppose it supports macosx ?
@ matt and ropya it says it come with 24 advancement counters so i guess they would give us 24 of the plastic ones??? lol we will see
i pledged in on the 8th i think we were at like $12,000. i think i was like #182 for backers
@ropya makes a good point, will there be plastic tickers for the promo figures as well (if they top $180,00)??
i thought the french weren't allowed to have guns??? anyway i am caught up in all the excitement, i pledged in at 60,000 i think and now for the same cash i am getting so much more.
2 things. first, im having a hard time believing a flame war is erupting here? seriously? some want more, others want silence. thats the beauty of this world, freedom of choice. i say, accept it and let peace be. as much as humans are able. . now then... im curious, with the little plastic tickers, how many will be included? one for each of the survivor cards? and if not, are we able to purchase more so that we can have one for each survivor? for large games
@troy i think he was just trying to say that the fact that he owns a gun makes him cool? and because he thinks he's so cool he doesn't care if you call him names? either way, it's not really appropriate. as for the goals, i'll never use the map editor and the trackers are meh, but i pledged back when we were barely past the first goal and have never changed my pledge since. i was happy with the base game and i'll be happy with whatever extras get thrown in. with that said, i would really love to see that chuck norris mini come to fruition, even if it's in the expansion or second expansion!
160k targets. will we be able to create our own game tiles. if so i think this will be amazing .so this game could have so many more options . just needs some imagination
sigh, can't we all just get along?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
the 160k looks amazing so we could get to make new maps and new stuff for the game  , some good may uses. next one....hmmm not so. but glad i backed this given all the extras so far
we'll need new stretches by sunday. this is insane.
plastic level tracker clips have been around for a while... http://www.custom-product.com/upload/2636/2674uij1/large-arrow-paper-clip-684.jpg most office supply stores sell them by the box. ;) just kidding.  including some in the game is a good thing.
any chance that we will see an physical cardstock maptile version of the downloadable maptile in the campaign stretch reward?
re. plastic level tracker clips: thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you!!!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hello, this plastic tracker is an important new addition to the original game. it will help you to have a better gaming experience. in our internet site www.guillotinegames.com in the future we will make available other editors (cards and survivor sheets), but you have to be patient :). thanks!
i´m in love with the map editor, but we have chance to have a cards, tokens or survivor sheets editor??  the level tracker its in the core set but i imagine that its of cardstock form, the plastic form it not a bad idea, i prefer more zombies xd but it´s all right.
lycane, it's actually quite awesome that we get new elements made of plastic after the game is ready to be put into production. i totally understand why this is a 180k pledge, and those markers didn't sound very handy when they were in cardboard.
map designer?!?!? that is cool! the level tracker...should be with the base game anyways...so meh...i mean some of the other large stretch rewards were significant things. not to be greedy and i understand that with time constraints and all that "new" stuff just cant be added.... what about more art thrown in? signed or not. what about promotional cards? i'm just throwing stuff out there. not demands just ideas.
140k! i'm not using the scenario designer, but i love the idea because we're getting well-produced scenarios (at least in presentation) and that can only be a good thing. and the plastic thingie looks very nice, and it'll make our lives easier (let's just hope it isn't prone to breaking).
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssss!!!!! $140 just as i'm leaving work.  i predicted it this morning.
woot! 40k
niiiiice! i love the map designer! amazing stuff!
really interested to see this map designer! well done cmon & co. !
really happy with the stretch goals.  let's all put our energies into getting new backers!
@ troy. i too think cmon has doen a great job. the only thing i disagree with is this is a kickstarter project not a preorder. with kickstarter the more they offer the more others will pledge and the more money they will have to work with. we are not asking for something for nothing. people here are pledging money on a product that is not completed. a site unseen product that they have not reviews or other basis on... it is alos not a cheap game... that is a lot of faith to put into something. i have that faith which is mhy i have pledged. others have not decided yet which is why more bonuses will help push the undecided... i would be very happy if what we got is all we will get, but if there are going to be other incentives i want cmon to know what i would like to see... if this was just a preorder, then there would have been no bonus items, but we also would not have come close to the ammount that we have, much less strive for more... so... how about we compromise and the rest of us divide up troy's share of existing and future bonus stuff... :) i am just kidding. matt is right., we are all here because we have a common bond... lets be friends... :)
i gotta say the way a lot of people in here demands to get new minis, scenarioes and other stuff, pretty much annoys me too. i don't feel like i wanna attack anyone in here, but the  comments section could have been a way to inspire the game designers with ideas and wishes for future expansion, but about now my guess is that whatever relevant ideas that might have come up in here, has drowned in the noise of the hungry horde (ironically).
so......close..........to 40k
it's no use anto, i tried it already. he's just a white knight troll looking for attention. yay nearly 140k!
@troy, of course people are going to ask for more! that's the nature of people. there's no need to get so bent out of shape for it. yes, chances are there's nothing "new" coming for future stretches, but many people asking for the same things, such as dice towers the card sleeves, more individual zombies etc. doesn't do any harm, and moreover, it may give cmon a host of ideas for stretch goals for the expansion. so, really, you should lend your voice and add to the list of things people would like to see, because even though we won't get them this time, there's a chance we might next time. and most importantly, we're all here for the same reason, because we want this awesome game, so there's absolutely no need to swear and attack other posters, it just makes you look like the child! back on topic- i think the things we're most likely to see for the new stretches are more tiles (either physical or downloadable) and more scenarios. more minis is always nice, but as we're going to have plenty of duplicates of each type anyway, we're more likely to get other stuff.
cmon is doing an awesome job and i thank them. i can't wait tell sep. again thank you cmon! i'm sorry you have to put up with this crap.
and why is it your problem, that they keep asking? you can't get rid of them and they can't get rid of you, so why not ignore each others and start to talk about the game? the stretched goals will come, how high they are is not our decision and what we will get is neither.
troy i get why you're annoyed, and i sympathise.  i'm really greatful for all the stuff coolminiornot have done for people.  but swearing and being a prat to people won't make the situation better.  just ignore the silly requests and help the people being polite. now coolminiornot if we pass 141,000 can we have 60 new miniatures? :p
i never see you tank them. it's just gimmy gimmy
hi guys, not to worry.  we're all excited about hitting all our goals and we have additional ones lined up! stay tuned!
i'm just sick of all the uncalled for and over the top requests you kids are asking for. every time i come on here it's "gimmy this  and gimmy that!" they can't do it. all they can give us is easy stuff. no new minies! they can just give us more of what they already have or new cards.
@troy i get what you meant, but the gratuitous swearing removed any moral high ground you may have had.  let's all be friends.  there's 1182 other people on here you have stuff in common with!
some people forget wheaton's law.
"wow. hope troy knows adam because otherwise i think that's unnecessarily harsh" reading some of troy's other comments, i suspect he is just the typical rude internet tough guy.
just saying the last ones were 20k apart. they are running out of stuff to give us at this point. so i would think the next ones should be hard to get to.
wow.  hope troy knows adam because otherwise i think that's unnecessarily harsh.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
un wow !! it looks like we are going to need a 150-160k stretch goal now
awesome, thanks everyone for the advice!  its going to be so hard waiting for this to come out.  i can't wait =d
@chris: i would have to back christophe on that one. coolminiornot is really the best website set up for showing you what you can accomplish with painting. i would also suggest searching on youtube for introductions to painting minis. finally i would suggest picking up some cheap minis at your local hobby store and an intro paint set. try it out for yourself, it's not very hard to get good at it (if you want to be very good, that's something different entirely).
c'mon, cmon :-)
personally i'm going to paint the zombies using a quick and easy wash technique similar to the one here - http://www.youtube.com/watch… making sure they look greyish and dirty and for the main heroes i'm painting the normal way so they are are brighter and should stand out more.
the best part about learning to paint using zombies: even if you mess up they're just zombies! they are supposed to look ugly, haggard, and sloppy. cmon is a great resource!
ironically, you can start with "http://www.coolminiornot.com" - article section (look for tutorials). keep in mind that even the ugliest minis or wip shown in the gallery neede a couple of hours - sometime more, considering you are a true virgin. and we did not talk about materials needed... as a result, yes, the "paint the town" pledges could be a good bargain!
@christophe: thanks for the response.  i guess i can see how it might make the board not as clear without the distinct colors differentiation.  do you know of a good website to go for info for someone interested in becoming a beginner miniature painter?
@matt: on bgg, someone put the text of the pages online, and it seems that noise token are removed at the end of the turn (i.e.: the end of  [zombie turn + each player turn], not at the end of z turn, and then again at the end of each player).
@chris: don't take it badly, but from my (experienced) point of vue about beginner's mini painting, there is a good chance that you end being disapointed by the result. the players' minis are in different colours, the zombies an other one. i think that is the best way to confuse no one. i for myself am a painter, and will not play such a game with painted minis. maybe one or to for the shelf, as we get extras. but that is clearly subjective. the bottom line is that you can get many infos about mini painting on the web without such a booklet, and no one will be more efficient thant you on a table trying it (and be at the beginning upset not to succeed). too few guys tells that to newbie, but painting is: - a bit hard - takes time - takes money (even one brush, one undercoat, and a few paint pots), given that the fewer the pots are, the "poorer" the result will be, and such ending with frustration - again. my best advice would then be, if you really want to perseverate in that direction: try to get one of the 20 extra walkers to a result that suit yourself, and then multiply that time to 100.
my ideal stretch goal would be more tiles.  also coolminiornot do noise tokens stay on the table the whole game, or are they removed after a certain amount of time?
oh its close .... just a few more , lets get well over 140k i want more stuff...
it would be awesome if a stretch goal included a guide of how to paint the zombies.  this is my first game of anything like this (board game with miniatures) and i would love to learn how to paint these (never painted anything before). looking forward to trying to start a gaming night with some of my buddies with this!
weel, sorry to deceive you, but gaia wanted several reviews and from players. it seems that avicenna only witnesses games :-)
@shoogoo two survivors on the website and chuck norris. no other infos on them until now. thats why i said missing! @gaia boom, there it is, your review from adepticon!
woooo gaia here is your adepticon guy you've been praying for!
i thought this game looked pretty cool when i saw it announced on coolminiornot, but it wasn't until i saw it played at adepticon that i really decided i had to join the fun and pledge here. the game itself seems beautifully simplistic. just watching a game once i think i have got an idea of the basics already. the zombies act on a straight forward ai - move towards the nearest visible player or the nearest(/loudest?) noise. this means that the players can all be pcs without the need for a gm, so everyone is involved at the same level. the game (certainly the scenario i watched) seemed to build up slowly, with the number of zs getting more and more oppressive and closer and closer to the players as they fired weapons and/or rifled through rooms. it really had the sort of feel you get from traditional zombie flicks :-)  there is also a mechanism by which your character's heart rate increases (directly proportional to the number of zombies killed) and they get additional bonuses.... it just seemed like a fast, furious and fun mechanism and gets my thumbs up :^d and the models look great! (which as a mini painter rather than wargamer is a huge benefit to me!)
missing?
lets wait til we reach 140k. i guess we will than see the missing promo minis. maybe as survivor and zombie
i'm getting nervous...can't deny it. there will eighter be a huuuge new stretch goal, pushing the sum sky high (there's a chance for that...they might be still working on it...otherwise, they might have announced something already....if there was a goal plan they could follow)......or there's just more of a game component. this would be lame in terms of getting the most of the campaign...i'm not complaining here.
from update #8, i take that you can glue them somewhat to gw bases, so i guess you will be able to do that thing you do with theses things with any 35mm basic base. i don't think guillotine will sell separate base, as they are game producers, not minis (for now).
yes, sir...that's what i can see as well. i'm talking about s e p a r a t e bases....like the gw ones...in bags...to mount custom minis on....i'm not a native speaker...but i can't see how this is not understandable. so it's time to annoy our fellow backer troy gimme gimme stretchie for my nice little pledgie!!!
manuel, i think they are on the same base. it is a round plastic for every one, the same colour as the mini. the available photos are pretty clear about that. did i miss something?
hehe...i love this campaign..but for me, there can't be enough love to find a use for facebook :-) i've even designed a game against facebook. concerning my question about the bases: it's always nice to have the same bases for all the minis used in a game. i might pimp some minis from my collection. simply looks better if they are on the same bases. got it?
thanks brian. i'm spreading the word too! i finally found a use for facebook :p
done it, ive backed :) my first project. looking forward to september now :) also ive put links up on forums im on :)
this is the most exciting kickstarter i've participated in.  i'm hooked on checking.  it's the beginning of my working day and i know that when i leave today i'll have an extra 20 walkers in my set.  thanks guys!
kicktraq trend is $190.000. but with new extras and the final push i still think we will see 250 - 300k
@troy & manuel: - not sure what will happen with chuck. they say they did not use it because they did not have a zombie version of it, but... com'on!!!! this is outrageous!!!!!! do you really think chuck could ever be zombified??? - yes? how would you know? - yes. along with the car tokens and the door tokens. - ??? as well. what for? - yes, but i don't think we will have to cash out again in one year or so. it might be included in the +25$/+15$ originaly paid. am i right on this?
@ manuel: promo figs ship free
it is written at the very bottom of the project page: how much is shipping? everything ships free within the continental usa. outside the usa, anything that contains the boxed game costs $25 to ship for the first boxed game and $15 for each additional boxed game.  lithographs and promo minis alone ship free!
@ manuel chuck will be in the expansion yes yes ??? if they are shipped at a later date i bet there will be.
@ coolminiornot: once again, as this keeps to be unanswered.. some things are still unclear: - how to get chuck norris? - will the expansion also be on kickstarter? - are the tiles double-sided? - will bases for custom minis be purchasable? - will there be separate shipping costs for the promo zombies to europe?
there are new 'paint the town' pledges, didn't notice!
we were many to predict that the 140k would be hit on saturday. looks like we were wrong! can't believe how fast this is going.
are the bonus figures also painted if you get the paint the town? i'm assuming they are, but figured it's worth asking
this is addictive.  i keep coming back and it's gone up another few thousand dollars.  i'm just wondering at what point today we'll hit $140,000! thank you guys for allowing us to donate one amount and still rewarding us.  as good an idea it is to encourage more money from people, i think encouraging more people in general to donate $100 is a much smarter idea.
the el cholo mini looks amazing, keep it up guys!
@cmon: hmm it'd be great to play with 9 players, are the designers planning to introduce rules to balance the game for 6+ players?
hi ian, yes we have some stretch goals in mind past the current ones.  you can play with more than 6 players with the promo survivors, although there may be a few balance issues.
dear coolminiornot two quick questions i was wondering if the game will lend  it's self to more then six players? also will you be adding more achievements over $140,000   thank you
hey coolminior not good to know. i kinda suspected that but i just wanted to make sure... thanks for the fast reply..
i took the plunge and backed.  it's looking like i'll get those extra 20 walkers by the look of it!  hope we get more stretch goals!
@allan hi, they're more like ffg cards, thickish.  the cards in the gameplay video are digital print prototypes.
does anyone know if the tiles and counters is printed on thick cardboard like lnoe and most fantasy flight games are? or is zombicide counters more like the thickness of zombies!!! and most steve jackson games?? they do look a bit thin on the gameplay video, but im not sure..
that and there's no reason cmon can't do the same here.  .  i'm still calling out for more tiles,  new great,  but more would work. and new zombie spawn cards.
@ aaron but on zpocalyse you could get most of the stuff even at the lower pledge levels. even after adding extra money the average person was still less or pretty much equal to the $100 pledge here.
@anto - the big difference with zpocalypse is that they really encouraged people to raise their pledges.  zombicide, you get everything as long as you pledged at abomination. with zpocalypse, you could add $5 to your pledge to get adapter tiles (to connect side a to side b), $10 added would get you an extra set of engraved custom red or blue dice, or a duplicate set of the kickstarter-exclusive tiles. with those pledge extras, some people were adding $50+ to their base pledge reward to get the "extras".  as the campaign closed, the average pledge/backer was increasing.  zombicide's average pledge has actually fallen somewhat (although the fact that the last three of the $1500 sets have sold masks that). zombicide has a great chance of breaking into the $200k, but i don't know that it's a sure thing.
i couldn't help myself had to back this project.
i've been browsing kicktraq at zpocalypse, the closest point for comparison we have, and they finished with $210k, but had less money at this point. their average was also $4778, where as ours is $6472. so i think we'll smash right through $200k easy enough :d
i'd love to share this excitement one more time with you guys anyway!
it would be nice if the success here prompted an earlier release of the expansion.
kicktraq has us blowing away the next stretch goal.  http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/
...oh yes..another one: new stretchies???
@ cmon: still unclear: - chuck norris? - expansion on kickstarter? - tiles double-sided? - bases purchasable? - shipping for promo zombies to europe?
.i want to see the expansion offered on kickstarter also.
i could see them rounding off the total number of heroes to 10 with a 4th promo character... http://www.boardgamegeek.com/image/1205571/zombicide
i wouldn't get your hopes up for anything truly new from the stretch targets. the game is ready to go into production for a gencon release, the window for sculpting and producing new minis or designing and producing new tiles is all but closed. even the new minis we have been offered, the zombie versions of the promo survivors, were more than likely intended as promos for the expansion anyway. that we've only been shown artwork and not sculpts for them should tell you all you need to know. four months might seem a like a long time but to get everything ready for production, sent off to the manufacturer, test copies made and then the final product shipped back on the slow boat from china takes time.
chances are we'll smash 140k by tomorrow's end! following the project has become fun in of itself!
can we get some more achievements we are going to easy hit $140,000 help people to continue backing
i love being able to refresh and see the price jump by $1000. the game is a bit on the expensive side for my tastes, but i just had to have it! good luck hitting 140k!
@shoogoo, gs - green stuff.
@carlos: it is not "ones" but "one". does not mean the board of the scenarii will be one tile. i think we are dealing here with a special tile, representing something brand new and different form the others tile. maybe someting without a road, like a park. i personnaly guess something like an helipad (but that maybe too close from "zombies!"?). if that is coming in real cardboard, would that mean we are getting 2 tiles (as they are reversible)?
gs?
one can never have too many minis! the more "free" minis we get, the more i can use to practice using gs to alter them and make them unique
i agree, we already have enough minis (counting the walkers from the 140k goal which will get soon). we need more tiles, starting with the ones from the downloadable scenario.
well, shouldn't we push them to print the downloadable scenario on cardboard?
maybe i'm getting boring in my "old age"... but instead of "more more more", how about something practical. for example, i really don't like needing an extra box or two for every game with expansion/promo components.  there simply isn't enough room on my shelves!  how about an upgraded box insert that supports all these extra zombie miniatures we're getting and/or the upcoming expansion.  similarly, room in the box for the cards to fit regardless of whether or not they're sleeved would be a huge perk for me.  i don't know if a "stretch reward" like that would bring new backers, but it sure would make this one an especially happy camper!  in fact, i'd gladly upgrade my pledge if it was an optional purchase we could make (i'd otherwise have to buy a plano box to hold it anyways).
its getting faster, could be at 140k just today or early tomorrow...
i hope the following extras for the next stretch goal: more minitures: - half zombies without legs going by ground, in  plastic, a clasic - zombie kids (boy and girls) - survivor kids - zombie dogs - survivor pets (dogs an cats) and the posibility that every backers of abomination or above can download the tiles for print and create more of them in their home, at much less cost for the company.
it's still unknown if the extra minis included in the 120k and 140k stretches will be painted in the paint the town pledge
"paint the town" sold out
i must admit i'm kinda hooked to this too. i'm eager for it to end however. i don't like having obsessions :d
@manuel: same thing with d-day dice. i followed from the beginning and i cant stop watching it.
...or add them for backers of the base game (this thrilling project here...which i'm seriously gonna miss in 10 days)...same conditions as for the 3 promo zombies...just to give them more time. that was my thought.
by now i believe the production costs are already lowered by a large margin. manuel is on to something here though! lets assume the expansion is supposed to add 6 tiles to the base game, why not put a high stretch that would add 3 tiles to the expansion?
being a natural optimist i think that what we can hope for would be: more map elements for variety, a dice tower (they're cardboard and therefore cheap and easy to develop) and maybe one more model (suvivor or zombie) if cmon guys are generous and over-reactive with the buzz they're creating.  what i wouldn't like to see is more of the same at that point... in any cases the new stretch goals at this point will be very important to reach new heights!
sorry for being so annoying :-) just have to stress it once again: we need more location tiles!!! perhaps something could be done that goes along with the delivery of the 3 promo zombies if time is short now?
we need a 250k stretch goal! :) 10 days to go, §10.000 per day and the last three days on fire... i hope cmon can see this chance to collect big money. give us a nice goal. see what d-day dice did. it works!
im liking how this is going. would like to see more game space to play on given the added extras. new floor sections be great, or just duplicate some of the existing ones. given the 140k will be needing some more room to put those zombies on.
@haegemon: not everyone is in to painting models. they want rewards that will have a wide appeal.
@ bill, i like the idea of that female survivor, the serial killer, and a army/national guard person.
please  let's make it to 140k :d i want those extra miniatures !!! :d
im good on paints.  more tiles and cards.  like said before,  new is great,  but just more is good.
how big are the tiles in the game and how many?  i'm wondering how much surface area the game can cover already.  more tiles would be nice just to add some more variety to the game, however.
120k :d congrats guillotine games! 20k more now!!!
what about a paint kit/style guide at 160k? very small, basic, like 4-5 pots, 2 brushes, short book with general details. i mean it is from cmon, so who better to set the initial pace for how the minis will look painted.
@raymond barajas: you're right. extra tiles, even if not new ones, would be nice.
someone mentioned more card stock cars... how a bout a city bus, a school bus... a limo, etc... the dice tower is also a good idea... again, so the kids or drunk friends...or drunk kids... dont knock over the zombies on the board... this is just a wish list... so more female survivors... one wise man suggested a large *brained* female in daisy dukes...  or some evil survivors... like a serial killer... or an army/national guard person...
imho it’s a 1-6 player game because it has six heroes and enough zombies to support up to six heroes. right now, at abomination level, you are already getting three extra heroes and shortly we will probably be getting enough zombies to support them in a 7-9 player game (without making it too easy due to lack of opponents). i think i am siding with some of the others on extra tiles, cards, and tokens.  not even necessarily new ones either, just extras.  new is nice, but not needed.  basically round out the almost half a box extra we are probably getting.
eh,  more tiles and scenarios to match.  .  perhaps a scenario and / or a campaign generator?
a mini is one thing but a zombie themed dice tower is another. i bet the already have a lot of artwork and they can just grab it and skin a standard dice tower. cards, tiles, and etc will require more time but it will be much appreciated. also a little dice bag for all the dice we will be getting would be cool.
@gaia:on contrary, because they didn't think they could reach such levels they can't improve the prizes beyond more minis because they didn't planned other rewards beforehand and they won't have time to produce them befotre the release. therefore, sadly, i expect more of the same minis for the new stretch levels.
@everyone: the post underneath may let you guess what my opinion of the game is  (after having expressed legitimate doubts) still some more feedback on gameplay would be appreciated.  even with the rules are now sort of available on bgg, it's never as good as another geek's impression :)
@fulvio: er... that would mean an awful lack of humility! do you think they planned on reaching 160, 180 or 200k (which could well be the case)?! i think they'll have to think new stuff over quickly and break those records by introducing them quickly.  honest: zombicide is on its way to be a monster of a project. it's written on it in big letters!
correction: well i hope that there is a zombie themed dice tower, more tiles, cards, and stuff in any planed extra stretch goals.
seems like every 2 or 3 days were hitting the next goal.  hope they have more planned.  :-)
jose vera, unfortunatelly i think they already got the prizes planned even before the backing action started. at this point i doubt they would get something new based on our opinions out of the hat.
i hope the 74 guys who pledged the $75 get a mail before the kickstarter ends because they'll get mad if they see the humongous gap between $75 and $100 pledges
if the new goals are reached and if new ones are added i want to see a zombie themed dice tower, more tiles, cards, and stuff.
1000+ backers! we gonna hit 120k tomorrow
i just can't wait to get this, it'll go with all my other board games, but now i wonder if i should have a zombie specific shelf for all my zombie games? been advertising this on facebook like a fiend. changed my profile picture to the "zombicide backer" one.
as i said some days before: prepare for higher regions (250k) http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/exp-cone.png
looking forward to getting my box game with all the extras... so hope the 140k and more is hit
i personnaly feel remlieved by what i've read from the rules. plus some feedback from the convention is slowly coming on the dedicated thread on bgg.  some more oh that feedbak (positive preferably) and my pledge will stay as it is (an abomination in its own right) while some friends of mine will add theirs :)  i hope no one felt hurt here by my concern about the gameplay. but, see, it's central in a game ain't it? ;)
correction: unofficial rules extracted from facebook pics and the gameplay video.  it's imperfect, but the best i could do from the materials at hand. p.s. probably draft version, too, as there are some minor inconsistencies (terminology, spelling, etc) between the summary on the back cover and (more recently updated?) material inside the rule book.  for instance, is it "fatty" or "fattie"?
http://boardgamegeek.com/thread/795478/partial-rules-and-scenarios the rules!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
let's just say for s--ts and giggles that the rules are horrible. which i would highly doubt they are seeing the burst of pledges after the con. you still get a ton of figures at the 100.00 pledge. i mean really, we're up to how many figures now? with more coming if the stretch goals are hit..and they will be. stop fretting and enjoy the ride.
thanks christophe & anthony, i was changing the pledge amount but not the reward....doh
ya we definitely have a tease of how game play is. and agree maybe a little more depth of the rules would be encouraging to some.
@lycane: what we saw so far is very light. it's normal that people want to know more about the rules.
check the d6 generation fb for game play. it's in the photos i believe.  but is the short video of game play not enough? are you wondering about the full game turn? dice mechanics? i'm curious about these as well.
maybe i missed it but when is this game due to ship after its funded?
@carlos: yep but then, why is the horde so mute then? are they... zombies?  i for one would be glad to get that info and be a happy backer again.  i'd even post the link on my facebook (1200 friends and counting, most in gaming) every two days for my penance if it is the case!!!!!
gameplay*  cheers!
@everybody: if anyone has info on the galeplay, please share some with us (not designers or editors, people who've tried it at conventions for example) you can also share your impressions here, http://boardgamegeek.com/article/9029520#9029520 they are badly wanted
@robin: go to the zombicide entry in bgg, it's in the "general" forum and has attracted a lot of attention already.
i second arkyzas comment about shirt sizes, i'm a medium to large too and i really want to wear the t-shirt and not use it as a blanket :)
hey, i know some huge players want huge t-shirt, but don't forget regular type either, like medium and large, most of the gaming companies always makes xxl, i got all the damn promo shirt from world of warcraft mini, dream pod 9, warmachine and horde, and i can't wear one! well maybe i can, if me, my wife and my son get inside the same damn t-shirt! at least i can use it to cover my backpack when i travel... so please, do not forget to make medium and large!
12,000 yesterday. we have spoken. we want!
i already answered in bgg, but i might make a little post here too. the huge spike after adepticon seems to be a rather positive "opinion" (they're paying for something they liked, it seems). having any kind of third-party info would be great, but we wouldn't be fighting for a 140k goal if it weren't because of the horde of backers who came, i'm guessing, from adepticon.
@gaia - can't see it!
why do you think we are getting the zombie promos with the expansion? i know why! the dead line has passed! and they haven't made them yet!  again any new stuff will come out then. all they can give us is easy stuff like new cards.
what is the size of each board tile? i would love to start building some 3d buildings etc to use on them and knowing the tile size would help a lot with scale.
@troy, they have amended the 140,000 stretch goal to include physical cards so looks like they can still add new items. not that i think they should as they have already been extremely generous but the deadline for adding new bits (at least paper / card based) has not yet passed.
it's called a dead line people and that day has passed. this is what we are getting. anything new will be in the expansion. all they can do now is add more of the stuff that they have.
fo those on bgg, i've posted a new thread there that, i think, would need to be read by those of you who, like me, don't spit on a few pieces if information before spending 100 bucks on a game ;)
@don: if you pledge $190 be sure to change your prize level to $190 as well
@mzi i just figured that out and was coming back to post that. i think it's actually cutting it close to making the aug deadline i have seen mentioned. probably even hard for the sep deadline posted on the kickstarter pledges.    5 month turn around not really that long for a print run and shipping by container ship.
as far as zombies sitting on the shelf, i don't think that will be an issue. they already said that there is a rule that if you run out of zombies then the ones on the board get double movement. which implies that that may happen often. plus most other zombie games offer bags of extra zombies. so the more zombies the merrier. would still likened tiles and slutty survivors though!!!! :)
@sean: i guess troy infers this from the number of days to go for this kickstarter.
@sean: i would ignore troy, he is the typical troll looking for attention. that he pretends to know things he shouldn't, is not surprising.
@troy were did you get the information that it will be sent to the  "printers" in 11 days to be mass produced?
@don: yes! every abomination unit gets the extras. if you backed up for 2, you get 2 t-shirts, 2x6 black dices, etc. so far i don't know how they will handle the downloads.
i'm new to kickstarter so please forgive me if this question has been asked nth times before. if i pledge $190 which is 2x abomination that means i get 2 tshirts, 2 of each new survivor, etc...? when i tried to pledge $190 it said that the reward level was $100, i just want to make sure i'm am understanding it correctly.
there are still the cheerleader and the football team captain missing. maybe we will see them here....???
@ marc: what are you talking about? retail doesn't miss out on 30% of the gameplay. they get 100% of the gameplay - we just get extra. i think troy is right - creating totally new material in the next few days may be asking a bit much. if we're lucky they're coming up with something new right now to add to a new stretch, but it's easier said than done.
you guys are asking for too much. what they are giving us is a lot. 108 minis for 100$. if they did all that asked we wouldn't see the game for 6 more months. in 11 days it will be sent in to be mass produced so there is no time to add more stuff. you gimmy gimmies nedd to chill out.
the current levels of extra zombies are going to be nice, especially if you want to run full games from the looks of things. now, if there are goals beyond 140k, definitely agree there should be something new instead of more minis. additional gameboard tiles to build scenarios with, a zombie-colors paint set with style guides/samples so people can paint their minis (i mean, this is cmon). definitely something new for post 140k goals instead of just more of pre-existing items.
the kickstarter only scenarios are speficially designed to use the extra zombies plus you can homebrew your own scenarios (or use other peoples)
i think that stretches are a chance to be creative so why waste them on even more zombies? adding 3d cardboard terrains and tokens or static scenery are just things that i can think off the top of my head that would make our copies special without short changing future retail sets. if the additional zombies are such a good game enhancer why werent they included in the base game in the first place? would you buy this game retail if you knew you would be missing 30% of the monster pieces which actually made a difference to the gameplay? maybe they planned to release a 'zombie expansion pack' for retail later. can't say i know how the game plays to see how it gels so these are just some thoughts floating in my head.
the problem is that while literally the term continental u.s. should include alaska since it is on the continent, it often is excluded, which is why such statements usually have a footnote as to whether or not alaska is included or excluded. there is no such footnote here so someone from cmon is going to have to make the official call on that one.
well it might actually be a deal breaker for me. might have it shipped to mother in law in atlanta but not sure. need more than just zombies that sit on a shelf because one scenario uses them. it's just a lot of decisions to be made on my part though. my biggest is the shipping though. have had people say before "alaska isn't part of the united states!". or charge a bunch more because of it and then see the actual postage paid on the box and it is half the amount charged. just half to decide. i was actually contemplating doing the $190 level....but saw the contenintal usa statement and now......
to anyone wondering about shipping.  add it in now.  i'm sure that's been factored in the stretch goals.  and it's the way it's supposed to work.  but not putting it in now,  you lower chances of stretches and make more work for cmon.  just my opinion.
i think marc、 jason & sean can take a look at 95k goal：gets a downloadable campaign, culminating in a scenario that will see the use of all additional promo survivors,  fatties and abominations!  as for me，i like more zombies ，the more the better.even if i cant use all of them，but i can create my own campaign that can use all of them.
agree with jason and marc.
agreed with marc, i don't need more zombies if i can't use them.  i'd rather see tile variation or something that will find immediate ingame use.
will all the aditional zombies add anything to gameplay or just sit on the shelf?
yea but alaska is part of the usa.  shipping is the same price up here via usps as it is any where else in the lower 48 states.  that is what i am asking.
@darsc thanks for the info!
well it seems that the new levels will be reached very soon. will they give more zombies? wouldn't be better to publish the downloable scenario?
its been mentioned previously in the updates comments and here that we should be including the delivery costs with the level we want to pledge at. so for myself in canada wanting to pledge at the $100 abomination level, i actually put $125 as my pledge amount. as for tshirt sizes, the kickstarter help page states that at some point after funding has been completed, an email will be sent out by cmon asking for info like required tshirt sizes and shipping info.
@paul and friends. i want to know also. i want to be in fashion
hmm, not sure about the shipping cost. if someone outside the us makes the abomination pledge, should he only make the $100 pledge, then make a separate payment of $25, or should he pledge $125 directly?
@paul is right, what are the sizes of the shirts, i'm big ;d
wow!  so shipping to alaska is an additional $25 even though via priority mail it's the same price as anywhere else in the usa?
love the walk of the dead stretch goal. btw: what sizes will the t-shirt come in? don't forget us "fatties" who need 2x-4x. we want to be in fashion when we turn into zombies. :-)
tiles* lol
i want to see more titles and cards. please
in to win at 100$...   i cant wait to get the zeds to paint em up.
ok, i'm in!  saw a pictured on bgg with a ton of zombies on the board.  looks great!
real stretch goal: map tiles!!
"hits the shelves on august 2012" has been answered already below. my question concerning purchasable bases for custom minis hasn't. we should be grateful for what we get and keep in mind that additional sculpts might be impossible at this stage. i'm just hoping that there will be location packs (shopping mall, parking lot, ...) in the future. not sure if that's asked & answered already: how is it gonna work with the shipping of the 3 promo zombies? do europeans have to pay for it? will the expansion be on kickstarter? they could be sent in one parcel...
just a thought on my experience withe zombie boardgames.. it seems that whatever zed game thats availeable, its almost like you can never have to many different: * zombie types (dogs, spitters, rotten, crawling torsoes, human clean teams, kids, raiders armored, thinkers, familiar ones (oh no i can't kill my granny) * survivors ( pizzaboy, the vengeful bride turned widow, timetravelling, chainsaw and shotgun dude) * tiles (the graveyard, morgue, army base, subway stations with a functioning subway train, places that may set of alarms, the park a huge dark area, with not much to loot and of course the mall). * scenarioes i believe that the perfect zombie game should have: - a large amount of tiles/board sections or whatever giving players the feeling of moving around a huge city. - lots of (different) zombies. - the feeling that players are struggling to survive against all odds. - panic: lots of: "come on we gotta make it were so close" moments.  - the possibility to doublecross your survivor mates (if zombie movies ever learned us anything, it is that humans eventually turn out to be the greatest threat against society). - gory action and of course survivors being zombified. - a simple rule system that allows for players to engage in the action and use strategi compared to spending hours reading rules and figuring out how to play card vs counter cards. - the possibility of adding expansions but without loosing the control of the game as i think a lot of games lately has a had tendency of doing so. - a campaign system.. not one zed game out there (that i know of) allows players to follow their survivors through a campaign.. i mean the walking dead comic series showed us years ago how a group of friends and good people is changed into a more or less insane bunch of desperate survivors. withe the tv show out, its almost odd that no game followed up on this.. i would love to have my surviving pizza delivery boy, turn into the strong leader of the group only to realize that i cant stop the ever growing infection he sustained during the week long campaign and at one point i just had to 'let him go' before he turns and kills the entire group... how will the groups morale be affected by killing their friend and leader? you guys are probably allready aware of this or thought it yourselves, but maybe it can be an inspiration.. anyway just a couple of thoughts...
maybe cmon will have a fan contest (after the game has been out for a bit) for new scenarios! the winners might get some kind of goodies.the scenarios (and maybe new map tiles) would be available for download, free for any backers and a small charge for anyone else.
id be happy if there were more tiles and scenarios to match to download.  i've no problem printing and flying to a board myself.  .  that said,  more official tiles would be aces
@ brian the guillotinegames website says it "hits the shelves on august 2012" and we, the kickstarters get it early, so i assume the september delivery date in the pledge area is an overcompensation? also, now's a great time for those 89 people at the $75 level to upgrade to $100. . .
i am concerned about one thing though : with such a successful starter, why would the expansion be released so late after the starter (eta q2 for the first expansion)? it will almost be a year between both releases. anyways, for the next expansions i would certainly want new zombie types and sculpts (i think part of the funds should used to make more miniatures, since this game seems to attract a lot of miniatures fans). maybe customizable survivors would be appreciated by the fans as well (a tall and though african american with a machete in one hand and a gun in the other one would be really cool).
i would have like to seen cmon  include a coloured printout of the 95k tile and scenario that i could glue to cardstock myself with one of the new stretches. i realize at this stage it's likely too late for them to have it professionaly done at a printers, but as i don't have the capability to print out the downloadable copy, even something printed off a coloured printer would be helpful.
as we're honouring romero, and already have a danny trejo/machete inspired survivor, it would be great to see a tom savini inspired survivor as well :)
if/when we reach the next 2 stretch goals i would like to se a stretch that moves the release date to aug 2012 :) that would be something we all would like i think.
i forgot: the 140k "romero" reward is such an excellent idea that i'm 100% sure it will make a lot of people cross the rubicond and join us in zombicide!!! and... er... the survivor babe in daisy duke for the 180k? no?
i love the 140k goal! definitely love it, even if i'm a bit disappointed by the absence of extra model (but that makes me think that, yep, must be hard now to create an extra model and mold and ship it all for august...) but please: for the 160k goal (which could... or will (or at least should) be achieved: a special tile with added scenario and/or variety in map elements! it's only cardboard. it's cheap and easy to manage ain't it? ;)
it'll be a lithograph of the cover art, not sure if it'll include the zombicide title or not though at this time.
just a small question about the litograph: will it be similar to the banner just under the "about this project" part (with tile, publisher and such) or will it be a "naked" artwork made by guiton (maybe different from the box-art)? i totally love his works, and was hoping the image would be as simple and "artistic" as possible. thanks in advance, and congrats for all the goals you're breaking through!
@ropya don't forget 3 promo zombies and 9 survivors :)
what about making a new abomination but female? for $166 600.00 ? that would be nice no? i am sure we will get there! haha
hehe this is amazing, i am a "survivor" twice, i backed with 2 differents email because my friend didn't have a credit card and asked me to do it for him, haha, so this is amazing, we get so many goodies that i am very happy about zombicide!!!
i have been checking this out for a few days now i just have to have this game i cannot wait!!!
so.....  60 walkers 22 runners 12 fatties and 2 abominations. here's hoping we hit 140
we are so getting those extra miniatures :d
glow in the dark zombies to play under a black light.
nm, the email answered my questions. so excited for this!
does the 120k add another 2 fatties, giving those that pledged $100 an extra 4 fatties in addition to the game contents itself?
cmon been a fan of you guys for years. since you brought out this your store i've been finding my wallet quite a bit lighter.  now you are helping publish this game is just pure awesome. i'm more than happy to back this project. the fact you are giving us over 100 minis if the pledges hit $140 000 is just crazy. ugh so much to paint but i don't mind. an idea: what would be cool is if you had a painting contest after the kickstarter program ended for all the kickstarters on your site for like an e-store credit or something like that. anyways keep it up both you and guillotine games!
nm i'm stupid
@andrew hayford the new goals are on the project home page :)
@caudill where did you see that new goal?
uhm, more fatties? i love the extra runners and walkers (and the scenario!), but i'm still wanting extra tiles (especially the one(s) from the 95k goal).
has it posted on where the minis from the game scale to?  28mm or 32?
love the new stretch goals, new tiles would have been awesome but... 2 more fatties, 6 more runners and 20 more walkers w/ a new scenario if we hit $140,000? wow! being a lover of all things plastic in my boardgames, i am very happy to see this. :) also, since this is my first post/comment on here i have to say your game looks absolutely fantastic, i honestly can not wait to have it!
@jake as long as you get us your new address before we ship, we'll take care of it.
@jake i would send them a message (see the link up by the top of this page) just incase they miss your comment. that would suck and i know from experience how mail gets missed during a move, let alone 2-3 moves!! good luck!
woo 100k goal. new goal suggestion: expansion zombies sculpted to resemble dan o'bannon, george romero, danny boyle, and the bond villian baron samedi. represent all 4 major zombie archtypes.
it strikes me that we have to get more tiles to make room for more zombies. try and cramp 40 zombies on to the board now. you will have to hide your suvivors and don't kill any to get that many on the board, remember every time you kill a zombie you can get it in the game again next turn.  my 5c print the scenario from the $95k stretch so we later can use more zombies. i bet that there will be plenty
even different color zombies would be nice. mustard color, poop green, even a fire red. if the stretch reward zombies were colored just for kickstarter. so we have something a little extra that is unique.
printing the scenario and tiles from the $95k goal would be cool... and a question:   very good chance i am moving between when this kickstarter project ends and when the game is shipped, and about 100% chance i move before the expansion and the three $100k figures are shipped. are you folks going to have a way i can update my address? jake
hurray! my prediction... 1) extra runners/walkers and printed tiles will be most likely 2) new sculpts and zombie types will likely be saved for the expansion due to production costs and turnaround time to get all this stuff shipped off in a couple months cant wait! :d :d :d
woot! expansion zombies!! ok so speculations on stretch rewards people? canine and/or zombie dog other vehicles extra/new tiles more runners/walkers new zombie types - exploders, toxins, mutants... that's my list.
you know, just send three of those boxes to me and my friends here so we can get it over the  100.000!  :d
i did not think of people upping their pledge. anyway i love stretch reward lol its just the story of star command (a kickstarter) that post some number on the money they got after getting the "prize" to backers
they have to calculate it. more money, more costs, more games sold, more money to produce games. with every game sold the production costs get lower. i think its a good way to make a lot of money and get maximum attention! i am very satisfied with the game and the extras so far. but if there will be more to get... why not! if they leave it like it is now, no problem. but why not tell what would be some great stuff that we like?
that's not quite true. those additional incentives should also be attracting new backers while encouraging existing ones to up their level pledge. if cmon manages to hit the sweet spot, that will bring in more money for them to invest back into game production. even with the cost of providing those extra incentives.
it's the same on each kickstarter :p people want more and more stuff, and when you think of it, the more they give the less money they have to add thing or change thing in the main game!
@ troy: i totally agree with you that these stretch goals are awesome, but if cmon is coming out with new goals...it doesnt hurt to put out a wish list :p
what i said is entirely true, i don't see why you feel offended by it? they said they would announce new stretches today, if they're good that will logically attracts more people. that doesn't make me acting like "they owe me", not sure what you're talking about. maybe you didn't understand the idea of kickstarter?
i hope the new stretch goal is a crisp new 100 dollar bill in the box! -_- i'm sick of all the gimmy gimmy comments on here. they are already hooking us up with tons of sick stuff. please give it a rest.
@shoogoo please stop acting like they owe you.
what chandler said. if you ordered multiple game sets, you get multiples of all the rewards/incentives.
@marshall: in the survivor level you got all the extras two times!
while you guys are working on new stretch goals, you should consider upping the t-shirt to one shirt per copy, my wife and i would go to survivor level if we could both get a shirt.
holy cow, we're about to hit 100k and it's only 10am in the us :d cmon, the success on the last 10 days will greatly depend on the stretches you add tonight, i hope you don't disappoint!!
i still want a dog miniature to help the survivors :-p
@ mzi: thank you :) i havent seen the super dungeon explore plastic, but i am looking forward to painting all these models up!
@chris: they say it will be the same plastic as the one used in super dungeon explore: not soft, but not super rigid either. i can tell you it is "paint friendly".
@derek: it is +25$ for the first and then +15$ for each one following. (as explained on the project home page)
i have backed for abomination. i have a question about the figures themselves, though, what type of plastic are they made out of? are they easily paintable? i hope they are not the soft plastic that heroclix/mage knight/star wars cmg/etc is... that plastic is not paint friendly.
if you get more then one abomination do you need to add $25 for each box?
@digital: add +25$ to your pledge.
well. we will reach 100k today. no new stretch level yet.
just backed for abomination, how much is shipping to canada ?
it's all about waiting... waiting for $100.000 waiting for new stretch levels waiting for the game itself
oh man, what a thriller!!!
@ben: you have to add it to your pledge. so if you want the 100$ pledge level, simply add 25$ ( 125 ;) ) and you're done!
can someone clarify whether the $25 international shipping should be included in the pledge (ie pledge $125 for the $100 reward) or whether it is added later. i was asked to keep it separate on another project i was backing and it's not clear from the faq here.
@darsc: "tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, etc" (shakespeare) it looks like that 100k goal will be met today! is it my fault if the game creates such a buzz that they need to react quicker than they thought they'd have to do? xd
@everyone below: most was (obviously) meant as a joke still: non-caucasian model would be fine indeed (female? yep, boobs or not, females are lacking indeed shoogoo) and in any cases some more stretch rewards are badly needed now that the 100k goal is to be reached within hours. an some non-dematerialized content would sure be a nice gesture, taking into account the amount of buzz and support the game has had until now ;)
@gaia, update with new stretches won't be up before 9pm-midnight for us europeans i would also like to see a non-caucasian female survivor added. there is a lack of love for the women here!
@gaia - the sky's not falling buddy, you just need to read the updates now and then. i've quoted their latest which was posted about 5 hours ago when the $95000 stretch goal was reached. "just got back from adepticon, and it looks like we're going to have sweet new scenario to try out!  looks like we'll need to be popping out more stretch goals tomorrow! "
just throwing it out there... maybe a stretch goal for a survivor who's not caucasian.  i mean, sure, one can paint them any color, but the box-art survivors are depressingly homogenous.
...i'd definately prefer new locations to boobs, though!
gaia, that's pretty much exactly what i had in mind :-)
oooookkkkaaayyyyy... so 100k will be reached today or tomorrow. and no news of the new stretch goals... er... should we feel worried at that point?  i mean: of course the game is great and all and the bonuses already acquired via overfunding are cool but... it would be more than a bit frustratuing if we were reaching new heights and setting new records without cmon introducing great rewards to write history with us! (yeah i know i'm a bit homeric, but it's not me fault i'm reading the illiad right now) thus:  110k: custom dice tower 120k: new tile 130k: new model for runner 140k: extra environment elements like cars, buses and all 150k: extra survivor with big boobs, daisy duke, wet t-shirt and a machine-gun (and a free download of "california gurls" by katie perry remixed by cannibal corpse) 160k: official declaration of love for all backers. extra model for any zombie will do :) 180k: "champagne edition" with a small cardboard bottle of champagne, extra model for fattie.  200k: new tile (cmon office) and a new, female model for runners:  "climax edition" including a vid of all the designers indulging in all the excesses of the flesh with the real-life models for the extra survivor of the 150k bonus. a cmapaign including the new tile and the female runners that strats in the cmon offices and reaches it's peak in terms of emotion when they meet the survivor with the machine gun and feel belittled by the gun! now that's what i call epic!
@john: i'm sure you meant 110k, 120k, 130k, 140k and 150k bonuses :d
peanut butter jelly time! onto 100k!
nicely done team.   looking forward to seeing the 125k and 150k bonuses.
i thought we were hitting 95k until tomorrow, but today is fine xd
wow!  we could make it to 150,000 before this ends.  if we get some more kick a** stretch goal i might have to up my pledge to get a second set.
that's about $7000 in the last 24 hours. excellent!
just hit the $95,000 level!
@cmon-thanks for the heads up! in fact, it was this that made me change my pledge from $75 to $100. glad to see that you are almost at the $95k level, and still 12 days to go! can't wait to get the game! my kids are dying to play it! (no pun intended!:d)
just in case, the stretch goals are 1 per abomination set, and everyone who pledged at that level will get them, regardless of when you pledged!
@alex: yup, thats correct. i asked the same question earlier...every set will get all the extra stretch goal goodies
@ coolminiornot just to be sure : if i pledged on triplets (3 x abomination packs), i get 6 fatties and 3 abominations  miniatures, is that right?
or fans of the cramps and their "bikini girls with machine guns" song.
@thx bill :) i know it's a bit mysoginistic (no matter how you spell that word) but i could'nt prevent myself from thinking of it xd!
"extra survivor model that is a super stupid babe with a huge bosom and typical californian daisy duke, waging war with a 242 saw machine gun " seconded... whats a zombie movie or game without the slutty chick that gets herself or others killed...
and in a week or so will be the perfect timing to announce that the 150k stretch reward will be that extra survivor model that is a super stupid babe with a huge bosom and typical californian daisy duke, waging war with a 242 saw machine gun (which would definitely be appreciated by fans of "lock, stock and two smoking barrels").    yyyyyyiiiiaaaahhhh!!!!  c'mon guys let's have some more sexiness here! goth babe: check! roller-skating waitress: check! but where is the california girl with the machine gun uh?!
now is the perfect timing to announce that the 110k reward will be an extra model for the runner ;)
new idea for 100k+ extras, getting in my mind : alternate objective tokens, as a coloured cross is easily replacable :-)
ps: keep in mind that this apply to non native english speakers for one, and sometime kickstarter's newbies for two! (and i'm both)
@lycane: i read these before, and before commenting, and again after your (kind) reply, and i must say that it is nowhere said that these shipment costs are to be included as soon as the pledge is validated. and speaking of reading the end of things, you can drop the "r" ;-)
and there is a faq covering it too. js.
@christopher they do explain the additional shipping charges in the project home tab. it's at the bottom where in plain sight. i guess if you only read the first half and got excited and backed the project like i did i can see how you missed it.
i met some of you guys at adepticon and played the demo, which totally sold me on the game. given the bump in backers for the game, i would assume that a lot of other people agree with me - it's a good concept that plays well.
a new scenario running against the clock would be nice. if the zombies are not eliminated on time the goverment would nuke down over the site. sorry i'm not a native english speaker.
i mean "an animal" miniature.
for the next stretch i'd like to see a animal to help the survivors like a dog. german shepperd or dobermann or rottweiler. it could appear in the expansion too as a zombie dog.
as a huge fan of super dungeon explore i was immediately interested in this kickstarter.  i guess i'm a c'mon fan now :) glad to see it doing so well so soon. the minis look grwat so i'm going to have to factor in painting costs after backing the game.
this "+shipment cost" details should be explained in the faq of the project page. nowhere is there really said that we should pledge actually 125 for the abomination level, and so on. as a result, the total amount is effectively biaised by those cost added to the pledge :-) personnaly, until today's comments, i though the shipment cost was due/asked for afterward...
@chandler thanks so much i better adjust my pledge to include shipping.
thanks for the confirmation, that's the way i have seen other kickstarter projects handle it and it is fair for all involved.
for shipping, the items will be declared close to manufacturing cost since you've pledged to the project, not actually bought the items. they may still be taxable for that lower amount, but at least it won't hurt so much!
us tax tends to be state based so isn't charged on international orders.
then you should get refund from the us tax you pay , but should not pay, shouldn't you?
in belgium we get charged 10€ or 15€ based on the package/value/size. i totally forgot about it :(
i can't speak for sweden but if it's anything like the uk we get handling charge of around £8 plus vat of 20% of item value. just had quick web search and seems like its 25% charge for sweden (not sure if there is a handling charge as well). in the uk you will generally have to pay the cost when the postman or delivery company have it (they will bill you before delivery).
...hmm...but how much? and how/when to add those costs?
even if the game is marked as a gift we will still be charged tax as gifts are taxable now if they have any real value (only way to avoid it would be if they say value is very low which will mean the items are not insured properly).  one thing they can do is mark value as the component cost rather then the retail value, that way we will be charged less.
@manuel: shoot, i didn't think of the taxes upon reception!!! marking the package as a gift would be greatly appreciated as it will add a good $20 to some of us europeans! :[
two more questions:  are you sending the game as a "gift" or do i have to pay tax (sweden)? what are the plans with the chuck norris promo-mini shown on bgg?
@marc: you have to add to your pledge! @christophe: very good ideas. i wrote it earlier, the downable campaign as printed kickstarter bonus is my favorite at this moment!
are we supposed to add the shipping manually or is that done later? thanks!
zpocalypse - who "everyone" compares to - had an average pledge of 4.700$/day. zombicide is currently (before the ruhshy ending - or did we began it this we?) over 5.000$/day. i think it will get pretty high. i would also love something exlusively for kickstarter's backers. a printed version of the campaign would be really nice; an alternate fatty version; more tiles would be nice too, even if they are not currently used in the existant scenarios: - we have imagination - they can be shown in on-line maps/scenarios, or in future extansion. (if those tiles could have really original illustration and/or "shape": helicopter position? dock? playground?) why not an alternate car token? there seems to be too much police's cars in this zombie world... a truck? a pick-up? a hummer? a cab? a motorcycle? and my first proposals are still available a little behind :-)
@shoogoo: you are right! zpocalypse had the same trend. and look where they ended. nice 13 days to go! let's see who much it will be! @gaia: i think too that we will nothing see concerning the expansion. lets hope for more models and tiles. i like promo minis!!!!
@chandler: i'm merely talking about the trend. it may or may not increase, but the trend wasn't decided by me. you can check it here; http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/
about new stretch goals i'd say that more about the expansion doesn't seem like such a good idea. the 100k stretch goal (that will be reached within days) already ensures that people who've bought the base game will take the plunge for the expansion. now i think it's time to introduce new special (as in: only the pledgers in kickstarter will have it) content, and physical of course, since, as darsc rightly pointed, come of os can't print things as properly as we would like to.  i saw in some vid on bgg that the runners only have two versions (male both) why not a female runner model then? yeah, that sounds great: a female runner that ooks like a zombie mother-in-law in a fit of hysterical rage xd
@shoogoo: i think you are wrong. zombicide will end over 200k!!! if we reach 100k the whole thing is its money double worth... and i have to pay international shipping and german tax. with new stretch goals there is many dynamic potential in the last days. look at zpocalypse. 29.000$ only the last day. thats nearly double of there initial goal... lets wait for the new stretch goals. if they have something special to give i bet for 250-300k!
my pledged amount does not include the $25 for shipping. i left that off so as not to skew the figures when determining how much money has been raised.
adepticon sure helped, the trend went from 700% to 780% and we should hit a good 150k at the end of this kickstarter! congrats cmon, i think your game convinced many people.
congrats to the designers/publishers of zombicide for the success of their kickstarter program. i love  the rewards so far but please, no more downloads as stretch rewards. some folks don't have the printer capabilities to make use of it. after your next planned expansion, i'd love to see you come up with some laser cut 3d terrain that could be used for it. might make a good kickstarter program.
more stretch goals tuesday? how about throwing in this expansion you've been talking about, or maybe zombie and regular versions of the character on bgg with the roundhouse kick special move. with two abominations and extra fatties the good guys will need the help. we could also use four walkers to follow the fatties, and might as well give away some runners too. with the right stretch goals you should be able to at least double your pledge money. by the way, the game looks great, and i'm happy i could help.
@addam - that's a very good question. i would think that we are pledging to get the game started up and to keep the retail price down. but it looks like backers in europe are adding in costs to cover international shipping, so maybe the cost of s&h is already included.
yes, there'll be stretch goals after $100k and we'll know what they are as soon as we're back in the office from adepticon on tuesday!
hey may be a dumb question, but do we add the s&h cost to our pledge, or are we billed for shipping later when the game is ready to go?
any chance of an announcement for more stretch goals soon? i can't see us not hitting $100k and it'd be nice for some more incentives for people on the fence.
woot! 85k reached!
@adam, they are already coming up with new scenarios to be released via web. no reason they couldnt do the same. and while we wouldnt be able to use them all in one game, it will lead to variety. not to mention fan creations. . i say for $115k, maybe we can get 4 more tiles, of new design, and some more web scenarios?
and that's the extra abomination target reached!  donation levels really seem to have picked up last couple of days.
no update today :[
pics up on the d6 generation face book page.
i agree with anto on this : using the additional funding to have more unique sculpts in the upcoming (and hopefully many) expansions and releasing a zombie pack with a load of new zombie sculpts with as few duplicates as possible! miniatures rule!
@james: about the sleeves for mini cards, one can surely find them here when they're not out of stock (which is not often the case but happens sometimes) but they're definitely more expensive than 2$50 and what i was actually hinting at was custom sleeves in fact ;) like: very special sleeves for backers :)
the game is scenario driven. if the were to add new tiles at this point they would not be in any of the scenarios in the rulebook. it's also very late to add new sculpts. designing digital 3d sculpts is time and labor  intensive. we are much more likely to get more of what already exists than anything that would nearly impossible to design, playtest, and manufactered
@jeffrey and ropya: funny you're talking about that cause that's exactly what i thought the first time i saw the vid. still i can't imagine a game with this quality of edition and a crucial counter that would do whatever it wants in the hotness of the fray xd! let's just see what the designers have planned fo that.  @ben: knowing the gaming "communities" i'm a 100% sure that there will be plenty of good home-made scenarios to try before three months have passed, once the game is out. but it's true that designers-made scenarios (with added artwork etc) are always nice to get.
@jeffrey,  i've wondered this as well.  i was kind of figuring it already had a slider groove
extra tiles would be my first choice. then extra scenarios as i don't have the time to spend coming up with my own.
i agree with anton's comment below.  should add a 120,000 stretch to get an additional 9 tiles (but not down loadable maps, card stock is far better)  and 140,000 for a small pack (maybe 4) of new zombies.  could also do a 175,000 or 200,000 stretch that would add every ones name into a drawing for a complete painted set including all extra and bonus figures.  what ever happens i think the game looks great and i'm happy with all the stretches so far.  i don't see an issue with reaching the 100,000 mark.
any change of getting us a preview of the manual?
i'm really looking forward to playing this game.  excellent job on an excellent product!  it's clear that this game was well thought-out and nearly ready for publication before coming to kickstarter. after watching the game play introduction, i have a concern about the way advancement counters are used to mark experience (leveling up through the "zones").  i'm afraid that they might not stay in place if the table gets bumped, or if cards or dice bump into them.  it might be nice if there was a way to secure the advancement counters to the player boards.  for example, i could imagine a snap-on slider (like a slide ruler) across the top, running along a die-cut grove under the experience track.  or even a paper clip might work better than loose counters. thoughts?  how have the advancement counters performed in play testing?  i'd like to hear from anyone who has had the opportunity to play zombicide at a convention, too.
i would like to see either more tiles, different fatty zombie miniature models, more scenarios, or something like additional cards to just add  more variety to the game.
things i would like to see most for advanced stretches are: more tiles, while nine [18] are nice. variety is the spice of life, and parks, graveyards, several that combine into a shopping mall, would all be awesome. more zombie sculpts. or if it's not practical to give more sculpts for this one, then use the additional funding to a) have many more unique sculpts in the expansion, with no copies from the main game or b) release a zombie pack with a load of new zombie sculpts with as few duplicates as possible! for very high levels, i'd like to see a reduced shipping cost for abomination and above levels outside the us.
actually mini-card sleeves are readily available. fantasy flight makes mini (and standard) card sleeves for american (41 x 63 mm) and european (44 x 68 mm) board games at about $2.50 for 60 sleeves. while it can be difficult to find them in smaller gaming store you should be able to purchase them directly from ffg, online, or even ebay.
@hey shoogoo :) absolutely no problem mate! my name on bgg is my full name actually (bruno gaia) and just like you i do'nt alway check the names of the people who post things there :)  what's really important is that we seem to have something there. sleeves would be good. even better would be custom sleeves, that's for sure, but they don't come as cheap. plain nice tough sleeves would clearly make my day as one of the additionnal stretch rewards to come (cause there's no doubt they'll come)!
oh man, i wish i could edit that post to give you full tribute to that. i didn't know you were on bgg too and thought that idea was pretty good and worth sharing here. sorry!
@shoogoo you're stealing my ideeeaaaaa!!! booouuuuuhhhh (see bgg ;) ) anyway: yep, that would be great especially since the sleeves for mini-cards are dead expensive and sometimes even hard to find...
@anthony: they're mini :/
@ shoogoo: thats a great idea if the cards are a non-standard size...if theyre just normal size then sleeves should be easy to get cheaply...then id rather have more tiles!
an idea for cmon for a future stretch; enough sleeves to protect all the cards in the game :p
@ manuel ingeland : what i mean is that there will probably be scenarios where we can play more than 8 fatties and more than 1 abomination. this can also encourage gamers to play with two starters put together.
@shoogoo: great to hear that you're already planning to introduce new scenarios using the rewards (or not) i hope that the game will have a good following (site/forum) so that we cn all share scenarios and experience.  @adam: yes, indeed, a lot of us would like more runners and walkers but i'd be smashing if we were talking extra models instead of just more of the same ;) and let's not fortget that indeed we all love tiles. well cmon, you know what you've gotta do to make us drive our friends mad with the project!
we're looking at 3 additional survivors, 2 extra fatties, and an additional abomination. i think the next logical steps would include more walkers an runners.
@shogo oh the extra fatties and abomination will get used. i already have plans for them!
alex, i can't follow your thoughts...?
@ shoogoo well, getting extra figures only allows to create more scenarios. i'm sure with extra fatties and abominations we will be able to create great scenarios.
while i really don't mind getting extra figures through stretches, what i really look forward to is getting more tiles. keep in mind the game was designed with a certain number of minis, and chances are that the 2 extra fatties will rarely get used. more tiles means more map possibilities, and i personally plan to create custom scenarios so that would be a nice plus!
maybe a higher stretch goal can be the 95.000$ reward printed and not for download. with some good extras zombicide will take heights like zpocalypse or d-day dice. i think the 100k goal will be reached in less than 4 days!
are the tiles double sided? if so then a second set would be great to offer full range of tile options (and the bonus mission tile in physical form as well).
@manuel: i totally agree with that. combining parts of games is really something i hate doing. to me a game has to be some kind of self-contained universe. expansions are the only way i would add anything to a game (apart from... extraaaaasssss!!!) xd!
@gaia: there are tons of zombie boardgames out there using the same sculpt for all the zombie minis....and i hate that. sure, we can't have enough zombie individuals! in terms of theme, though, more tiles is what i'm dreaming of (even though the mechanics apparently provide a lot of variation already). maybe i'm a bit weird here, but i don't want to combine zombicide tiles with all the thematic pnp tiles you can find on the net.
anyway, i'm sure we'll soon see some more stretch rewards soon. the way things are evolving, the game should go beyond 100k in very few days. and then, up to the top of bgg's top funded kickstarer projects list!
@manuel: new map elements sure create more variation than more minis. but let's not forget that more mini models also mean more variation in terms of the general appearance of the game. providing that what the devs said on bgg is true, variation also comes from the basic game mechanics. that means every scenario will never play twice the same way. in this case more mini models may be the variation one expects as much as tiles and scenarios!
yes, it would indeed. and more tiles would provide much more variation than more minis...at least concerning new plots for scenarios. they would also be way cheaper to produce! do the existing tiles have 2 sides? i wish i could set up different quarters...the docks....suburbs....industrial areas...parks...mmmmh... carlos, i absolutely second this: "the game was awesome without any goals (even before kickstarter i wanted to preorder it) and is even more awesome now."
tiles: check. more mini models: check. dice tower? check! that would make for a nice "half step" stretch goal. and i wouldn't believe anyone telling me that a dice tower adds a lot to production costs!  but it's truly more map elements and more zombies that we're all after, aren't we?   come to think of it: more environment would mean an extra extra scenarion wouldn't it xd!
any word on additional walkers and runners yet?
@bill - how can you lose a glow in the dark dice? even if it rolls under the couch you can still see it! if you can't find it, turn all the lights off! :d
i have found dice towers nice since it makes the kids roll in the tower and not "accidentally" on the board knocking all the minis arround...or rolling off teh table and losing my fancy glow in the dark dice... that being said, i would rather have more tiles and minis as well...
@lycane: i see what you did there
a dice tower? really? more zombies!!! more tiles!!! i don't always roll dice but when i do i prefer to roll on a table.
yeah, they could make a stretch goal to give us the printed tile of the 95k goal. or more dice. or whatever they come up with. the game was awesome without any goals (even before kickstarter i wanted to preorder it) and is even more awesome now. we're getting to 100k, that's for sure, and everything up to that point is great.
this is going so fast! i'm excited, checking this even more often than bgg right now! i reckon we really need further goals...100 k is very close already. i'd love to have more street tiles!!! junkyard, harbor, school, park, dead end, more floors for buildings?
i agree, i'd also like to see the 95k gaol in physical form.
how about some extra tiles or a dice tower...?
given the quality of the stretch goals already added i wouldn't be upset if they didn't add any further goals.  we have already had some very nice additions, especially the $100,000 one (they must already be increasing production costs quite significantly with what they have offered).  one thing i would like to see is a physical version of the $95k reward (especially the map tile do that it fits in better with the base game tiles).
@gaia, i agree, even more stretch goals!
goin' up towards the 110k, 120k, 130k and 150k rewards that still need to be disclosed xd c'mon guys, i picture you lot as too humble (always a quality) to have thought of anything like more than 100k. but there's a very good chance that you'll see it now, so: time to think of that little extras to make this project something to tell our grandchildren ;)
woot congrats! well we only need 25k to get all reward, in 14days!  its not even 2k by days!
you. guys. are. awesome!
woot woot! gid dice!
75k, glow in the dark dices get!!!!
@salvador, maybe i'm a zombie? ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)﻿
@shoogoo, but you know there's no much meat in zombies. 8-)
just realized that if you painted the abomination green he'd be a pretty awesome warhammer 40k ork
@john, i need more meat than that :d
@shoogoo, look at update #7, it gives a short intro to gameplay.
@ coolminiornot  given the nice trend for the pledges, will guillotine games go for the highest possible quality for the gaming material production?  will the miniatures look exactly like on the pictures we see (i.e. having a lot of details and nearly no molding traces) in terms of cast? thank you for answering!
@derek: i sure can imagine that ;) @shoogoo: fact is a proper paint job on a mini here is 30euros on average (not very pro job) so that makes the whole game 2100 euros something to have it painted by someone (i, as a rule don't paint anything...) say a "fast paint job" would be a discount 1500 euros for that game. thus the 1134 euros offer here is a bargain in its own way. couldn't afford it nonetheless (or i would be single by then xd) .
i think we were a lot to hesitate on that one. i personally wouldn't have been able to pay that much money for a game i didn't see the rules of. talking of rules, is there any chance we get to have a peek at them? :d
ty @gaia,  took a week of convincing myself i should do it.
woot, abomination!!!!
@derek: lucky you, i'd have been delighted to have enough dough to get the paint job and my own self on a mini!
*survivor
proud to be the next - survior!  can't wait to see my face in the game! i am legend........ bo-yah!
looks like adepticon is exposing zombicide to the masses it jumped 2k since last time i checked!
25$ shiping for canada? its not too much?
@gaia: i agree with ya and will def be buying the expansion when it comes out... **crosses fingers for more zombie models**
@john the prototypes in the video are single sided digital prints, so you're right, the final tokens will be double sided.
carnt wait for this :p,but just watching the game video and noticed that you have 2 door markers why dont you just have the closed and open on the same card?or has this been changed all ready :p
yes, more zombie models and zombie categories would definitely be a must. wouldn't have been so excited if not for the great miniatures. i am just hoping we reach $85k so i can get the extra abomination figures! that looks fantastic. kind of makes me think of the tank zombie in the left 4 dead video game series.
@shoogoo: i 100% agreed with that! the "little pluses" in the deal are definitely what makes kickstarter projects special (and what makes people pay 25$ shipping fees in the case of non-american citizens ;) )  the 150k being indeed realistic, i'd really like to see some more zombie models and cmon would benefit from remembering that they'll very soon be selling expansions to nearly all the people who pledge here for the base game and the extras. softening the deal today and making the game even more "generous" could actually be a clever bet in the long term (if we're talking two or more expansions)...
stretches are what make people decide themselves. it's up to cmon to make people join the boat!
the up trend is very similar to zpocalypse, i think. so that is a realistic goal (150k).  in the moment zombicide gets around 4.000$ per day. that will make another 60.000 till may 6th. but don't forget the last days... i think tomorrow we will get the glowing dice. and i hope we will see more game relevant things above 100k.
yeah. i meant designs. not so much new types. either way, more zombies is better.
considering that zpocalalypse is up to $156,661 and ogre is up to $239,757, zombicide has a way to go to beat and set new records. i am the most excited about zombicide.
@christophe yep we do, indeed! but see: this project is already entering the annals of kickstarter in terms of boardgaming. thus... well one can hope that the designers will be sooo pleased that they'll literally spoil us with extra extra special gifts xd!!
we sure act like spoiled childs ;-)
agreed carlos!
with the extra fatties we're getting, an extra model for them wouldn't be such a bad idea and an incentive for everybody
i should add that seeing that this project is going to reach the highest levels in the kickstater pledges of all times (for a boardgame) i believe the designers could indeed make an extra gesture towards the abominations if we reach 110 or 120k and since there are still 16 days to go with a project that already has rewards, there's a good chance that we'll see that, especially during the "last minute run"!
@shoogoo @ropya: i definitely think that extra zombies (meaning zombie designs, not types) would make for an excellent 110k or 120k incentive ;) but we all know that molds are what is the most expensive in minis production sooo... well... maybe if we all petition xd
yup they stack! and yes! we've smashed through the $65k mark! fatties ho!  now.. onwards to glowing dice!
@anto: isn't it obvious that they stack?... @ropya: adding a new type of zombie at this point is impossible i think. the rules are set and finished. if you meant a new mini model for the walkers/runners then i'm with you on that :d
a question about the stretch goals: do they stack? so at the moment we're at $65k, so do we get the two extra fatties and the t-shirt, or just the fatties? and the same if we were to reach $100k would we get promo zombies, the campaign, the extra abomination, the extra dice, the fatties and the shirt. or just the promo zombies?
@nick: i have been answered by coolminiornot that it is indeed the correct thing to do.
just pledged the $100 option and added $25 for delivery to the uk, was that was the correct thing to do? anyway, that took the total over the £65k mark :)
@bill, itd be sweet if the $110-$120 stretch was more walkers and runners.... . or... even better, a new type of zombie?
those fatties are ours !!! i can taste them. umm...yuck !! they taste terrible.
@troy... i agree. the stretch goals are already good... if it looks like we are going over $100,000 then maybe add something... we need $20,000 more fo rthe extra abomination... come on!!!
@ rick they just did a few days ago. stop pushing them. they are giving us so much already
@coolminiornot considering the pledges have gone 3x higher than the original pledge goal, is their any thought of adjusting the stretch goals accordingly? as a gamer what i love are figures. nothing against the t-shirt! i personally love the figures you have shown and would desire more as a stretch goal reward. is this possible?
i've seen a few projects on kick starter that i thought were interesting and was very tempted by, but when i saw this i immediately pledged $100! awesome work and here's hoping we reach 100k!!
very eager to see other zombie types. i hope there will be other big sized zombies like the abomination and the faties.  i am also hoping we reach $85 000 to get the extra fatties and abomination! very cool miniatures and faithful to edouard guiton's art.
all great ideas guys!  a super campaign and overarching campaign both sound extremely fun!
my first backed project on kickstarter!!  i'm so amped for this game.  also interested in hearing any info on if it will be possible to combine sets to make custom epic missions, or if would break the mechanics somehow.  now... on to the stretch goals!!
i'd like to see rules on combining two or more sets together to get a whole zombicide city going!
@coolminiornot i would love to see a campaign expansion. you could even post a new mission every new month on your homepage and gather results from the ones that play them in time.
this made it into bgg's geeklist of "top 10 funded boardgame kickstarter projects": http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/72943/item/2112448#item2112448
regardless the high shipping costs to germany i backed it. if zombicide  will hit 100.000€ it is also a good deal! i like the glowing dice!!!
i understand they're extra, so 12 dice total; 6 dark, 6 gitd.
are the glow-in-the-dark dice replacing the black ones or are they extra? confusing... will it be possible to purchase extra bases for custom minis?
thank you for answering my question. this makes hitting the 75k goal more significant.
hi guys! game looks great! i've just opened my own brick and mortar gaming centre called minmax games, and looking to use my reward copy to demo to my customers! we love super dungeon explore and can't wait for this! if you have any promotional material i can use to promote the game and run events around it please contact me! www.facebook.com/minmaxgames
@adam we're talking about the possibility of a mini-expansion or at least a model release of walkers/runners, but no plans yet.  the dice in the regular box are regular dice with pips on them, no engraving.  the engraved dice are for the kickstarter only.
i have a comment and a question. first off, i would just like to say that i would be interested in buying additional walkers/runners by the bag/box.  i'd be happy to pledge another $30 for an additional set of the 71 figures or $20 for a set of walkers/runners secondly, what do the dice in the main box look like ? are they plain, or do they have the zombie head and molitov combo as well ?
the $20k goal got our desired msrp to $89, otherwise a 71 miniature game would have been more than $100.  this will allow zombicide to be sold by brick and mortar stores too, not just online.
so in one of the videos it was stated that this ks campaign was to get the price of the first run down. what sort of price reduction are we looking at at the current funding, and then what reduction at say, $100k also, will copies of the game be sent to uk distributors (wayland games for example) so those of us in the uk can save on shipping?
thank you for the fast answer. and congratulation for this upcoming product.
the new stretch rewards are very nice. i'm hoping you can make $100,000 guys. i'm excited to get my copy as soon as possible!
hi mzi, that's absolutely right!
question about shipping: i live in europe and i have pledged 125$ for the abomination (100$) level. is it correct?
rock on!  can't wait for this to go into production!
yep, increased mine to the 100$ level. never thought i'd pay that much for a game, but there are a lot of extras and i 100% support zombies! :d
yeah this is pretty much the best pre-order i have ever done. keep up the good work guys!
...i almost knew you'd make me happy again! seriously, i've never seen a ks project like this in terms of ...everything! you're the best, if i may say so at this early stage!
it'll get to backers before it hits the shelves, but we're being conservative in case we miss our ship date.  since we're taking your money early, we don't want to let you down.
not sure if my question is answered already: it hits the shelves in august and gets shipped to the backers in september?!
i wish we can get to 100k :o!
ok the new stretch rewards convinced me to upgrade. pledge people! i want that extra abomination!!!
perhaps that could be a $115k stretch? 4 more runners and. 8 walkers?
if there's enough of a demand for it, we might make extra walkers/runners available as packs for crazy huge games. there's a game mechanic though, where if you run out of a particular type of zombie and you draw a card that needs them, all zombies of that type get an immediate extra move.  potentially fatal, and makes small games super interesting.
question, will extra zombies be purchasable? perhaps a figure pack? specifically the walkers and runners since odds are were getting extra fatties and an abomination.
@ben: yes, using the blue "manage your pledge" button in the column on the right (just below the ribbon that states: "this project will be funded...").
yup, just go to the zombicide kickstarter front page, and click on "manage pledge". it'll allow you to increase it and change the reward you want.
is it possible to increase the amount of a pledge?
just wanted you to know you are one of the best game companies ever! can't wait tell i have it!
that's right, each survivor id card is double sided (one side is blank).  so customize to your heart's content!
@manuel they said there is customizable survivor identity cards that come with the game.
50k!! and only 19 days to go. lets hope adepticon pulls in more backers!!
yes, it's gonna be a very tight race...we need more rewards :-)  abomination is the only interesting pledge level for people with little money... how about an additional (optional) location tile?  customizable survivor identity cards? a special set of cards (swag, a little rpg flavor)? autographs on the box? go, zombicide, go!
unless there is a plot twist, i don't see how we would reach the 100k stretch d:
is it me, or as the 50k stretch been headshoted? yi-ha!
fantastic! i'm afraid that doesn't help for this campaign, though..
manuel, we're investigating possible distributors of a german version.
hi! i've already sent this as a message but didn't get an answer, so... one more question for now, as i've been advertizing the game to many of my german friends. they all reacted in a very excited way, but didn't want to take the last step and actually pledge. the reason: they all speak and understand english, but eighter the majority of their game groups don't, or they can't be bothered to play the game in english, because they think it's stressful. will the game be available in other languages? if not, i'd be willing to translate the rules & cards (into german). you could provide them as pnp cards or paste-ups (for backers only?). that would give us a bunch of additional backers from austria, switzerland and the land of the germs. what do you think? we need to get the $100 00!!! as all the others, i can't wait and remain stammering "kudos, kudos, kudos..."
still a little disappointed in the number of female survivors. 2 out of 9 is just lopsided to the worst, it's going to be hard getting the gals in my games group to play with only 2 choices on survivors.. seriously.. there might be bloodshed if they all want to play at the same time.
for an expansion i would love some zombie dogs and... a card stock school bus and zombie children... oh and i would like a fat guy hero... i would hope that at least one of us survives the apocalypse (depite what was said about fat people in zombieland) :)
@ben, why not get both?
with the new pledge goals the $100 level looks much better.
we're going to be at adepticon next week with a demo copy of the game and hope to get folks excited there too!  fingers crossed for extra dice at the very least!
had to drop zpocalypse for zombicide ...just looks better!
a lot of people are waiting to see the rules i think
i doubt we will hit the $100k, but one can hope
michael, we noted your comment... good idea! ropya...i can't foresee the future :), but let's hope we will hit 100k.
i have not scoured through all of the comments, so this character may already exist ... but i would love to see a "granny" survivor - a senior citizen fighting off the zombie horde with her cane, or wheeling over them in her motorized wheelchair.  a spit fire grandma to the rescue!
if we dont hit $100k, what is the possibility of somehow getting the 3 promo zombies?? will they be available for us to purchase?
well i don't wanna spoli too much... but i can give you some hints... 1. new zombie type 2. look at the heroes zombie ;) 3. from a urban setup to other setups (that u can always combine) 4. combo and weapons 5. campaign mode mix all of this with good minis, great art and the expansion is served :)
can you comment on what we can expect in the expansions? i am just curious what direction(s) you envision the game growing/expanding.
we had to  postpone him. we didn't have  a zombie drawing representing him... he will come back ... don't worry.
what happened to this promo survivor? http://www.boardgamegeek.com/image/1205571/zombicide
@ tyler - please read my post again. your post offered nothing new or useable. however, in the meantime the developers have posted some clarification on just what all we will be getting for a $100 pledge. the additional bonus items are dependent upon total amount of pledges attained, but i like where they are going with those bonuses. i'll be happy for sure if the game raises $100k.
glad to see the stretch goals .. a little high imo, but glad to see
nice! thanks for the answer. can we expect the rules to be posted soon? :d
@shogoo promo figs are in plastic, with included dashboards.  no print off the internet stuff.
so i take it the next expansion will have zombies heroes or something to that effect? maybe become a zombie when you die?
@mike and shoogoo if you were to read the comments posted hrs before yours more answers would be shown. here it is. dante gagne about 20 hours ago so, just to be clear... if i were to buy this off the shelf after release, i would get 6 survivors with figs. if i fund at $100, i would have 9 survivors total, all with figs. correct? coolminiornot about 20 hours ago @dante absolutely right! im excited
well, if ya look at it like this its not so bad....: the base game is $80 retail. not counting tax and or shipping. so for a $100 you get the base game and pay $5 each for the new figs and the set of dice. that's my way of seeing it anyway.
what a fantastic game. just need to speed up time to september now!! any chance coolminiornot could put all the stretch rewards on the front page, help lure in more backers and enable all current backers to get the most from backing this game ... carrots (stretch rewards) are excellent to dangle in front of us.
just like mike, i have the same concern. i find it a bit hard to push up to $25 for a few dices and an additional mini. i would like to, but i just can't at this point. also, i have a few questions; are the promo survivor in plastic (and not in metal like your sde promo), in a distinct color like the 6 original survivors? and what happens with those characters sheet, do we have to print them ourselves or are they included?
i still have some issue reconciling the 33% price jump from $75 to $100. the added dice help, but for a third of the price of the $75 level we still are not seeing a lot. is the 3rd figure that costly? i'm just trying to justify spending the extra $25. thanks in advance for any clarification.
@damien it's certainly possible, the expansion is being specced out now since we've met our pledge goals!  stretch rewards are coming too!
when you guys do the expansion for this, will it be on kickstarter too? (also, any plans for more female survivors, 2 of 9 seems a little lopsided)
@dante absolutely right!
so, just to be clear... if i were to buy this off the shelf after release, i would get 6 survivors with figs. if i fund at $100, i would have 9 survivors total, all with figs. correct?
he gets worried, that what he gets............!
is the kiss part of the abomination rewards? if so what does the "i am legend" supporter get from percy? :0
omnomnom zombie awesomeness, this thing is going to be absofreakinglutely huge! 24 days to go, and already 30k in the coffers.
lol!
i think we might convince percy to give you a kiss.
do i get a prize for pushing it over $30k?
keep your eyes peeled, announcement later today!
if they throw in something else for the 100$ reward, i would bump up my 75$ contribution. 25$ is just too much for a single extra figure.
*bgg
i read on bug that they ate going to adjust the $100 rewards. that they agree that $25the for one fig is a bit much and they intend to offer something extra.  that said, not much is being said here.
have to mirror bill: $25 more for an additional promo figure.... i really hope there are some cool stretch rewards. additional zombies, tiles, more art/lithographs... i dont know what else they have ready to launch but theres a start of things they could throw in.
seems to me this is a big company offering pre-sales of a fully developed game more than it is a smaller company trying to get a product started? are there and goals past $20k? anything to make people want to pledge more? been real quiet here....
any future, or possibly current plans, for more boards? different locals, environments, etc?
hard to answer that question: we use the same contract manufacturers the "big boys" use; there's a chance any ply paper board will bend if subject to lots of humidity, but extra care is being taken so that the boards should be ok in various climates.
just wondering if the boards will be less prone to warping than sde's initial run.
thanks for the awesome support!!  check out the update with close ups of the two female zombie sculpts in the base set.
um... so yeah. if the link below is any indication, im hoping they come up with some stellar stretch rewards?? http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/coolminiornot/zombicide/ its projected to hit 1/4 mil.
i'm going to say more like the end of today..... does anyone know if there is a promo fatty? ie. the one i see in the concept art with the camera? or another one thus far undisclosed?
looking forward to it! if things keep rolling like this the target will most likely be hit within 10 days!
soon the 3 promo survivors will be disclosed )drawings, miniature photo and dashboard). i can tell you who they are el cholo the zombie hunter, nick the bad cop and dave the geek... don't worry: you will not be disappointed...
any word on what the promos survivors might be?  in terms of type and such? might go a long way to see if they are worth getting.
i know i am going to regret not getting the 3rd promo figure but at $25 more its not worth the butt kicking my wife would give... when angry she is scarier than zombies...:)
first! (sorry, had to do it)
