if the last got episode was any indicator, winter has come.  the cart has arrived.  thanks dudes.
so we're supposed to get an email with the tracking number first? haven't received it, either...
still haven't received my cartridge...
in case anyone's here and didn't get the news, they did end up making a video game with new music! but apparently they decided to leak it before completion cuz problems with the devs. try for yourself: https://twitter.com/anamanaguchi/status/714545127847374848
i received my cartridge. i was blown away by the opening screen. that was a really nice personal touch, and i think it was well worth the wait :) thank you so much, and keep rocking!
so figured i'd get my confirm out, but received my nes cartridge today. so a lot of praise to the anamanaguchi crew for following through and finishing on the promised goods. although on the flip side, it seems that they had to go a lot more simpler than they had planned. my cartridge was plain white with a small plastic window in it. the plastic used for the window seems the sort of iridescent changing colour in the light type of plastic... but it's a shame they weren't able to go with the whole cart being iridescent. also my windows seems to be popping out just slightly but at this point i can fix that with a little adhesive. i haven't gotten a chance to listen to it yet and to me that's the most important thing. here's hoping the proto tracks or whatever is on it is something special. in the end it's a limited edition cartridge signed by the band, with music on it that i get to be some of he first to listen to. i'm satisfied.
i received my cart.  they do exist.
kevin, from what i could tell in the video, they ended up making the transparent section iridescent. i'm not sure why they didn't end up going with fully painted, but at the very least, they did part of it.
got my cart, pretty disappointed honestly. whatever happened to the iridescent paint job? visuals are alright but i expected more than just a music player, maybe i was just mistaken.
i have my tracking number for the nes cart, but not sure what service is delivering. any idea who to track through?? very excited for when it comes in!
60 projects backed, this is the only one that never delivered.
cartridge acquired http://i.imgur.com/kk5pf48.png http://i.imgur.com/vrujymv.png
my cart shipped! we are, all of us, pizzas in space.
*120
i gave em 100 and got absolutely nothing.
2 years in and i still haven't received any info regarding the tour party. i essentially just gave them $50 and got nothing for it. sent them two separate emails and got no response.
the cart looks dope af :0
itshappening.gif
looks like carts are getting ready to be sent out!! keep an eye out for an email!
still haven't received my cd. very dissappointed, anamanaguchi.
anamanaguchi last login - jan 11th, 2016. last update - 2 years ago (jan 30th 2014). i think they log in to read the comments and laugh at all the idiots they swindled. even if they ever do come through with the stuff they promised, they lost some fans for sure. i don't understand the mindset behind not responding or updating. alienating your fans is a terrible idea. i buy a lot of music, but no matter how much i like something they do, i will not drop another penny in their pockets.
almost 2 years and no updates on the nes carts? you guys lost a fan.
and another month...
i think "soon" to anything related to anamanaguchi means something different to the general public. yet another month after this sort of update and still nothing. hopefully they at least put out another survey because there is a good chance people have moved in the last 2 1/2 years, myself included.
cool boys ‏@anamanaguchi  14 de set  after years of work and lost computers, the kickstarter nes carts are very near completion. shipping date will be announced soon :)
i would say at this point especially to those of you at a high pledge level, you should seriously band together and take action into suing these guys for outright abandoning reward fulfillment. there is absolutely no acceptable excuse that they can give for not delivering. they made a ton of promises and have failed to deliver. i am one of the few who actually get everything i pledged for after going back and forth with red eye who blames the band the band who blames red eye. sadly i got more feedback and help from red eye than the band. they pretty much ignore any questions about the kickstarter and delete tweets. i remember a year or so ago one of the members was venting about the frustration of getting the rewards fulfilled and those tweets have since disappeared but it looks like they are over this campaign and if you have yet to get your stuff you most likely wont unless you bring the hammer down. i feel so bad for you guys who are left with nothing and wish you the best of luck in bringing these guys to justice. this ks has disappointed me so much it makes me want to just smash up the album i got and boycott any further support of promotion of this group. what a shame. you'd think the least they could do was use this platform and be candid and forthcoming with the status of all of this. when you think about it ks is another level of exposure to your fans beyond social media like twitter, facebook, tumblr, etc. and they didn't even bother to use it to promote the new shit they are creating and coming out with now on here because they know they screwed the pooch here with this ks and delivering the goods so who in their right mind would want to hear about their next album when some have yet to get this one, their chiptune school, or the damn nes cart? they have straight abandoned the "lets make endless fantasy more than album pitch that the sold us on" the endless fantasy has ended... and ended badly. best of luck to all who are in the cold on this. i will never support another anamanaguchi endeavor.
nes cart = stolen money
nes..... cart....................
left a comment back in august of last year where i received an e-mail from magus entertainment, who were supposedly handling the nes carts.  info at magusentertainment.com  10 days later and i still haven't heard back from them. everyone is going dark on this stuff now it seems.  wondering if it's finally time to just give up...
@ruben van ophuizen, my point was that the usb drive we got wasn't even close to what was described during the campaign. they had originally planned on using an acrylic that matched the endless fantasy "cube" material. what we ended up getting was a generic swivel drive with a chameleon coating on the metal clip, which is a pretty big downgrade imo. i guess that sounds nitpicky, but it's just one of several things they over-promised and under-delivered on.
@steven dixon: eh? i got my usb drive a loooong time ago. it's the nes cart and sticker i'm still waiting for. but yeah, the usb thing was one of the few things that, as far as i know, actually did manage to get finished, so you may want to have a word with someone regarding that.
i still haven't received my pledge   ( - _______ - )
i will believe in their success with the cartridges once i have one in hand.  until then i am considering it as money lost =/
good news for you guys waiting on the nes cart: apparently they're finishing them up, per https://twitter.com/anamanaguchi/status/592075232007041024 i guess no word on people who are waiting on other stuff. i'm one of the people whose package arrived waaaay late and was missing stuff. the band said to take it up with red eye, and communication with red eye was pretty terrible. i've pretty much given up on it ever getting sorted out. :( i'm a lot less salty about it now than i was a year ago, but man... the music videos for japan air, u n me, and akira never happened. the game jam never happened. the radiant acrylic usb drives (which sounded amazing) never happened. i'm not sure if the hologram stickers actually happened, i never got my sticker. in hindsight, the guys were obviously biting off waaay more than they could chew, especially as much as they wanted to tour. it's just that combination of not getting the swag i paid for, and never getting the videos and events they were raising the money for in the first place, and never getting any sort of explanation from the band about what went wrong. feels bad man. wish i could attach a majorly sad pepe to this reply.
no fu**ing way there's still people who haven't received their stuff! :o just what the hell??? :o
i still haven't received my pledge, and that was just the cd. i'm not sure it's even worth to start sending emails at this point...
coming up on 2 years... still no nes cartridge. so uhm...   any update?  beuler?
yo gooch... it be spring.
the funny thing about winter is that is twice a year.. here's hoping for december 2015 -.-
hopefully they send out new surveys. i have since moved in the year and a half that they asked for my address.
awesome can't wait!
reaaaaly woulda been nice guys if you'd release a kickstarter update guys. not everyone has a twitter account, but everyone who ordered the cartridge has a kickstarter account. but whatever, i'm just glad they're finally on there way!
https://twitter.com/anamanaguchi/status/551044382162681856  alright, carts shipping this winter, apparently. no word on the school of chiptune.
... this cart is turning into some sort of duke nukem forever hommage.
has anyone received any information regarding [one-on-one school of chiptune] classes? is the 2nd round going to happen? i was told it would be scheduled for after guchi's euro tour earlier this year and its been almost a year since receiving any update. :( the pledge wasn't cheap so any help would be appreciated.
apparently "very very soon" is 3 weeks later and counting. :v
guys, they just updated their twitter. they'll be addressing all of us really soon, and they just announced their new album "[usa]"!
wow this is bad to see, such a shame. come on anamanaguchi throw people a bone already.
2014 almost kill. no cart, no music vids. gg, friends. discuss again after 2015.
nes cart?  ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
any update on the nes cartridge? we're now at a year plus two months since the original delivery date.
was just curious if the prom night video was still coming? <3
@ jonathan.... dunno bro i guess stay positive, they are still on tour, but hell the last update was at the start of 2014. i am hopeful the guys will throw everyone on here a bone, after all it was a quarter of a million dollars in pledges. minus amazon and ks's take of course. at any rate here is hopin the doods drop a line sooner rather than later, cus after a while it can feel kind of rude. if it were me i would be relentless on my updates cus thats a lot of fuckin money, but thats just me.... here's hopin for some news sometime before 2015 at least. i am going to keep the faith, lets not let ourselves get too bummed out, but i feel you if you feel like enough is enough. throw people a fuckin bone! lol.
have we heard anything about those "future collabs" mentioned in the rewards yet?
during recess my friend told me nintendo's coming out with a new, more powerful system called the super nes. his dad works at noa (i swear) but i think he's lying. imagine if he isn't, though?! maybe they're going to upgrade the carts to match the new hardware!!!!
hi guys, i hope this reaches you well. i pledged at the [one-on-one school of chiptune] level and unfortunately have not been granted the reward. i submitted the survey in july 2013 and requested to participate in the private chiptune class in november of the same year. november came, and a cool message signed "-luke/guchi" was sent to me sharing that the band would be touring from the end of 2013 through the top of 2014 and would contact backers after the tour in order to coordinate the private classes. unfortunately, i have yet to be contacted since then and was wondering how i can still participate. i followed up in may of this year, leaving my cell phone number and personal email address in a private message and received no response. again, i live in brooklyn and can be flexible as needed considering the tours and shows are sometimes unforeseeable. i am now extra worried because my backer history page now says that i collected the reward in august 2013, which of course is absolutely not true. i'm sure this is just a hiccup of some sort. your help would be appreciated. please advise when you can guys. looking forward to hearing from someone. -o
just wanted to mention that i got an e-mail today from magus entertainment, apparently they are the fulfillment company in charge of distributing the the nes carts.  (11 spot is handling other rewards but not the nes carts as they were the ones that directed me to info [at] magusentertainment.com.) i sent the e-mail yesterday and got a timely response today indicating there is talk about doing another address gathering once the carts are ready to confirm they are shipping to the proper address.  (this was my concern as i'd recently moved.) this has eased my fears, after skimming the replies here as many had indicated no word from anyone regarding this. still looking forward to my cart and have faith that it will be worth the wait.
i too await the release of these mythical nes cartridges...
nes cartridges...
nes cartridges?
looks like they finally responded on july 18 and said the cart team was hard at work. maybe they meant hardly at work.
soooooooooooooo i guess this means no game jam? especially if the rest of these affairs are not in order.
i backed a sticker and usb but really just want the sticker
here's their specific tweet about the nes cartridges, perhaps replying to it will serve as a reminder for them? https://twitter.com/anamanaguchi/status/332929756339253248
so... the cartridge was a lie?
they do not respond anywhere, i understand they can be busy, but they are alienating their fans by not at least posting up a generic response telling us they did not forget about us and things are still in the works. that would sooth many minds. they can't be too busy to do that.
your best bet for getting a direct response from the band is going to be twitter or facebook, i don't think they check this at all anymore.
still waiting for a response about school of chiptune 2....  how about just an update guys??  just a reply to know you haven't quit on us...
i pledged for a t shirt and never received it. who should i contact about it?
i have an apple ii e monitor hooked up to an old nintendo with no games. and no chiptune for that matter. ( - ___________ -  ) wasssshapenning?
still not got my flash drive....
last post!
any word/update on the nes cartridges?
i have to second aaron's comment, these guys have done an awesome job considering how huge this was for them. they're really an awesome bunch of guys who are just like you and me, just trying to pay the bills while doing something they love. i finally got back from jeff laughlin and he was able to straighten things out and i officially have a shipping notice!
just a message for everyone who is frustrated with this: it's almost a year since i've backed and i am equally as frustrated as you. i haven't received my items but i *have* been lucky enough to attend the first chiptune class. it was an eye-opening experience when you realize how young and independent these guys are. i've got to spend time just hanging out with them and talking about nothing at all, and it destroys your image of them as some type of professional group of people that have "made it". they are no different than you or i, and in fact may even be in a worse place. they've got to tour to pay the bills; that's an exceptionally uncomfortable life to live. they are a virtually unknown band, by mainstream standards, and their small bit of success has brought with it a ton of work; there's not many people who understand what they do or how they do it enough to help them properly. give them time. they wont let you down and everything will be worth the wait. (and to you chiptune people, i have the entire school of chiptune session recorded on a flash drive, but i would never send that to you and rob you of the amazing experience of being there in person and finding out just how cool and intelligent these guys really are—because they will come through. the knowledge is invaluable.)
i was a backer for the school of chiptune and had an awesome time there, but i'm still waiting for any of my stuff to come in. my wife also backed for the vinyl and received that back in december so its a bit crazy that its taken an extra 3+ months to send my stuff to the same exact address. i reached out to red eye/11spot back on march 5th about my stuff and finally got heard back from jeff laughlin @ 11 spot on march 12th who asked me to clarify what shirt i had chosen. we got that sorted out and i've since 2 emails (and a 3rd just now) to him since but haven't heard back at all. i know it's no fault of anamanaguchi but, based on my own experience and the comments from others, the company you're working with definitely needs to get its act together.
i am in the exact same boat mike fischthal.
emailed everyone i could find an address for.  i still have no reward and no response.  bummed i didn't get into the first chiptune school (even though i asked for that one) because it looks like they've quit on us.
i sent an email and got no answer back. :( this is f'ed up. might have to get a refund.
this has been crazy. i emailed about my items last month, and was told the shirt in my package was out of stock, so to pick another one. i did, only to find out that now the signed vinyls are out of stock. can i ask how this is happening? weren't these items made based on the amount of packages sold? if 1,000 people order a blue shirt, wouldn't that mean $1,000 blue shirts are to be made? if 500 people bought the signed vinyl package, doesn't that mean 500 vinyls should have been signed? i love anamanaguchi, and redeye has been very communicative once i initiated conversation with them. and i told redeye i'm willing to wait even longer for my items if that means getting a signed vinyl versus the unsigned vinyl, but now i'm afraid even more items from the signed vinyl package will be out of stock if i do that. shouldn't these things be set aside for the people who pledged the appropriate amount? what's going on, guys? i'm deeply disappointed, but i understand that things happen. just please, get more organized so that this stops happening. :( this won't stop me from participating in a second anamanaguchi kickstarter in the future, but i don't think i'll be pledging for the higher priced packages next time, seeing as how the likelihood of me getting the items from said packages are so low.
had to send an email, jeff was fantastic when dealing with this, and i finally got my record in mexico city; finally some closure!
i had to send an email, but i got the stuff very quickly.
any word on the second chiptune school session? i really wanted to go in the summer but wasn't in the group. still waiting on when it's going to be. plus when do i get my other rewards?
i got my stuff. any chance backers will get access to the remixes? i really want a copy of the 2k14 radio edit! the backer tier says "future collabs" so i'm not sure what that covers.
terrible kickstarter. haven't gotten anything and the band seems to be passing the buck. glad i didn't do more money.
i received a quick email reply on january 10. they were obviously using sea shipping so i waited another couple of weeks. apparently it was sent on december 11, so as of today it's been 7 weeks (usual sea shipping to australia was quoted at 5-6 weeks from the redeye people). so i've emailed again today. if they re-ship out my stuff it better be via air with a tracking number. i order heaps of stuff from the us and sometimes receive it in 3-4 business days. my frustration that evolved into mild annoyance has now evolved into disappointment. i understand delays happen, but this is very unfortunate given i shelled out about $120 us (i think) for this many, many months ago. *sigh*
for anyone still waiting on their package, i emailed jeff laughlin (laughlinj@redeyeusa.com) yesterday and told him i didn't receive my stuff. after confirming what rewards were due to me, he mailed out a replacement package today, complete with priority 2-day shipping and a tracking number. definitely seek him out if you still need something.
nes cart, dudes.  i got the rest of my stuff.. just no cart!
hey i have not received my vinyl package and my address changed, who do i email or can someone get in contact with me?
still waiting for the cd, the only thing i've backed. who should i write to? also, worst kickstarter ever. amanaguchi just demonstarted how  they care about their fans: nothing they grabbed the ks money and started the tour, completely ignoring everyone involved the ks and just blaming the people who was working on it instead of them i'll never support anymore this hipster band, and probably all people with some sanity should do the same
still waiting :(
any brazilians received their flash drive?
argentina anyone? still waiting my cd+flashdrive :l
i haven't gotten my t-shirt package yet, and i'm in western pa.
i haven't gotten my signed vinyl package either :( should i contact someone?
i too am still waiting on my signed vinyl package ;<
still waiting on my signed vinyl package...
never got a flash drive. are those still shipping?
received my stuff 3 weeks ago got a empty poster tube lol no worried about it
thanks guys! :d my vinyl/tee shirt arrived in the mail in time for christmas, and everything is awesome. hope i'll see you down in australia soon! :d
scotland here, glasgow specifically. got my vinyl, sticker and poster package on the 21st of december. finally got it back home from the post office today and it's such a wonderfully made record, with a beautiful gatefold cover. i hope everyone who is still waiting gets theirs soon. it's been hell waiting but it's worth it in the end.
i left a message here on december 16. still haven't received it (australia). just emailed the redeye people earlier today but with no reply from them as of yet. my mood has shifted from frustrated to mildly annoyed. hoping for something very soon. that said i was one of the later backers, but i was with the ouya and even that arrived quicker! ;)
i still have not received my package. :( i've submitted several change of address requests, both to redeye and to anamanaguchi. i'm worried my stuff shipped to my old address anyway.
still haven't received my t-shirt :(
apparently you don't, derek. getting in contact with these people has been impossible for about two months. doesn't matter who you email, or if you send kickstarter messages. whomever they farmed out fulfillment to is awful and they aren't looking at their messages either.
i got the wrong size shirt and sent a message about a month or so ago with no reply. how do i get this fixed?
got it. delighted! thanks guys!
any word on the nes cartridges?
guys i realize you must be inundated but please check your messages - i sent change of address request multiple times over the past months with no reply. :(
southern california here and finally received my $70 package. at this point if anyone still hasn't received their package yet i really suggest you email them at customerservice@redeyeusa.com. i had to contact them and have them send out a second package.
ps: please come back to t.o. (or london on) soon!
woooo. totally forgot about this kickstarter, and received my signed vynal package today. everything in it is awesome.  love the colour of the vynal itself and that it was signed on the vynal cover and not the plastic around it (almost had a heart attack after thinking the signatures were on the plastic cover) t shirt, sticker posted and usb drive is cool too.
ny state here. have not received my usb drive yet. have they all gone out?
same boat as you sajjan. hopefully they'll come soon, the signed vinyls are gonna look sweet!
nothing yet but still pumped! it's so close i can taste it.
looks like the process of rolling the rewards out has been pretty random, i'm in the uk and haven't got any of my signed vinyl package yet but other people from here and other parts of the world got everything they signed up for when they backed. i'm not mad or anything, just a little observation, although an acknowledgement that we're still on the system or something would be nice. album is still great though.
six days ago i wondered where my stuff was ($70 pledge). today, the complete package arrived in germany :-) happy new year everyone.
$70 pledge arrived here today (australia). everything included :)
got stuff here yesterday, everything accounted for :) im mildly dissapointed at how this was managed but the items are here, so  i consider this a  win.
scotland here, my $30 pledge was delivered on the 23rd (but did not get it until the 27th due to holiday absence), cd, poster and sticker accounted for.
got mine in the netherlands. everything is present and accounted for. $70 pledge
nothing here in canada, but a friend in finland has received his long ago (weeks and weeks), and texan i know got his close to a month back. can't seem to get a hold of the people running the kickstarter either. i have left several messages.
still nothing here in southern california. anyone else got theirs yet?
has anyone living in germany received anything? i'm still waiting for my stuff (cd package)...
in oregon, united states - $70 bundle just arrived this morning. everything was present. =]
anyone in oregon receive their package yet? getting worried, and rather bummed out, at this point.
another arrival here in scotland nothing missing, nice surprise before crimbo.
all my stuff just arrived at my place in ontario!!!! everything is perfect and i am very happy ヽ(＾Д＾)ﾉ
scottish person here, bundle arrived safe and sound.
uk here, $70 bundle arrived today, and all's good....except the usb isn't in it.
iowa, usa here—$100 bundle arrived today, the poster is mia (i just got an empty tube like christopher did) but everything else—sticker, flash drive, shirt, vinyl—is in pristine, tip-top shape.
i don't know if anyone managing this kickstarter still picks up messages here, but i'd say in the new year, or a week or couple into it, it may be an idea to put the information ben posted a few posts below, as it is something that every backer needs to know really.
at ribs point i don't even feel like listening to them anymore. this whole thing has tainted my experience.
still nothing here in edmonton, ab, canada. anyone in this neck of the woods receive anything?
@andy martínez frutos mine arrived today, albeit with a cracked cd cover. :(
so i told them on twitter about my missing poster and all i got in reply was a nooooooooo :((((.  really? wtf i really love their music but i don't foresee myself giving them another penny.
is it going to arrive to spain or i have to kill myself? i don't usually spend 60$ on things like this.
uk here. all a bit pathetic really isn't it?  unless of course, the object is to lose and annoy fans.  have they never heard the term 'management'? some bands have used it quite successfully i believe. basically if they can't be arsed to issue an update - at the very least- over the next few days, then i'm regarding this as fraud.
if they had "just finished sending" the last of them a day ago... then it seems likely that if uk orders were among those, then they won't be arriving until the new year. i'll look into emailing them when i get back to this flat after christmas, or the week after, unless it is waiting for me when i get back (either by my door is the postman is naughty, or at the post depo if they're good). i hold little hope of it arriving before i go to my parent's home for christmas though.
missin my thumb drive and poster :/ still love the cd though!
got my package.  @christopher you are not missing much with the poster but i totally understand where you are coming from with your frustrations and yes winona ryder is still hot.
so got my package today, was quite disappointed honestly b/c i thought it was my native instruments komplete 9 ultimate box lolol. anyways opened it. shirt (check), usb drive (looks disappointing but check), sticker (smaller than the ones they had on tour but check as well), signed and sealed vinyl (check), poster (ch......) opened tube and no poster. this is officially my first and last kickstarter unless winona ryder has one for her body. yup still find her attractive.
finally got mine! woopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoop
thanks for the info, ben. i'll take a note of that.
i just got an email from jeff at redeye. he said they just finished sending the last of the packages and if we don't receive ours we need to send an email to customerservice@redeyeusa.com  with all of our information.
received my $100 bundle with nothing missing. huzzah!
received my cd and poster + sticker pack a couple days ago, long time coming but worth the wait!
today on a hunch i went to my old apartment complex to see if i had any packages there. score! fortunately my old apartment is around the corner from my current one and the people there remembered me and held onto it (and another wayward kickstarter package) for me. everything is accounted for (vinyl, shirt, sticker, usb, poster!).
@jonathan barrett uk here no email and no $70 package. i'm a patient person so i didn't mind waiting but all these stories of missing items and stuff has me a tad worried =/
my $100 vinyl bundle was missing the usb drive and the poster.  i'm not really surprised given the way the kickstarter has gone.  i was wondering who i could contact at red eye to get the reaming parts shipped out.  @mike said that he emailed jeff but i can't seem to find any email addresses on the red eye site.  if anyone could help me out i would appreciate it.
i got my $70 cd package today!!
i got mine today as well. just like everyone else, no shipping confirmation. at least it's here. though looking at the return address i see that it was shipped from "trollingwood road". well played, red eye. well played.
got my $80 shipment today also without confirmation
$60 package arrived today! no warning for the shipping, but i was very glad to see it.
just got my 80$ package today. i never got a shipping email ether. the vinyl looks rad as hell tho. im just happy it all arrived in one shipment
i got my $100 signed vinyl package today. don't worry about shipping notifications because i didn't receive one either. the packages are still be sent out and delivered. i didn't contact anyone at all so you don't have to worry about that. just be patient everything is worth the wait.
i havent recieved even a  notice something has  shipped is there anyway,  i can contact someone about this ? i m very dissapointed in the way this was managed :(
i got my $80 vinyl package on saturday, finally! i was so excited to finally have it. when i opened it, the usb drive was missing. the tape on the package was loose so i think maybe it fell out during shipping. i emailed jeff at red eye distribution and he's putting a replacement usb drive out in the mail today. he's super helpful, and i recommend contacting him if anything was wrong with your shipment (be nice to him, he's probably getting flooded with emails from all of us). anyway the t-shirt is totally awesome and i wish i could wear it every day. i got the purple one with yellow print.
update - i received my $80 vinyl package this morning (monday 12/16)! everything is here and looks great. i live in nyc for anyone wondering.
kickstarter is not a pre-order service, this is true. however, if big names do kickstarters, you can usually expect them to deliver, else their name will be ruined. the bigger the name, the more they have to lose if they mess up, and turn their fans sour. this is an even bigger mess than i expected, of some things being delivered to some people, and everyone on their end seems to be pointing the blame at everyone else. it feels they put very little thought into the delivery process beforehand. i mean, granted, this is always the case, and a very difficult thing to gauge, yes, but they didn't even take into account how them going on tour was going to effect delivery. myself, and probably many others, will probably just stick to buying their albums digitally, or at most buy the cd off amazon, after this. can someone remind me? has anyone in the uk received anything? maybe they're doing this country by country, or something…
kickstarter is not a pre-order service, this is true. however, if big names do kickstarters, you can usually expect them to deliver, else their name will be ruined. the bigger the name, the more they have to lose if they mess up, and turn their fans sour. this is an even bigger mess than i expected, of some things being delivered to some people, and everyone on their end seems to be pointing the blame at everyone else. it feels they put very little thought into the delivery process beforehand. i mean, granted, this is always the case, and a very difficult thing to gauge, yes, but they didn't even take into account how them going on tour was going to effect delivery. myself, and probably many others, will probably just stick to buying their albums digitally, or at most buy the cd off amazon, after this. can someone remind me? has anyone in the uk received anything? maybe they're doing this country by country, or something…
i just received my kickstarter order this mourning i live in the central florida area all i can say is the patience paid off because everything looks fantastic and i won't blame the band one bit for the wait hopefully the can come back to orlando soon
@steven dixon i can appreciate how much of a headache this is for pete and the band as a whole, but it's not going to go away if they keep ignoring it either. people will still be asking where their stuff is in the summer of 2014 and beyond if the issue isn't resolved. you can't just ask people for money, then if the things they pay for don't materialize, hope that they'll just move on and keep giving you money for future projects.
hey guys. in australia here. i ordered the double signed vinyl package. i'm somewhat heartened (ironically) that others haven't received theirs either. i'd really like some kind of update / confirmation that things are still on the way. i'm happy to be patient, but not knowing is a bit frustrating and mildly concerning. anyway, hope there's some news on the way.
anyone ells received a usb that doesn't work?
at this point i look at kickstarter as some kind of gambling system. you ante in, hoping that the pot will build to where you need it, and place your bet on a reward you hope can actually be delivered. maybe i'm bad at gambling, but 75% of the projects i choose have wound up in this post-funding limbo. i'm still hopeful, though, that everything will come together eventually.
i live in nyc - haven't received anything yet either, i pledged $95 for a cd + $80 vinyl package. i see a lot of you guys haven't received anything either, so i'm going to wait another week and if nothing arrives by then i'll start contacting people.
@steven, which extension at redeye did you contact regarding your matter?
i still haven't received anything from the $80 vinyl package tier. i live in seattle.
@jacob, it's really comforting to at least hear something from redeye, thanks for sharing that. as far as contacting anamanaguchi (or their management) though... i mean, they're not replying on kickstarter, and pete started talking about wanting to kill himself the last time i saw it brought up on twitter. i really don't know what we're supposed to do at this point. :\
good news to fellow backers with missing items in their packages. i called redeye today regarding my missing usb add-on, left a message, and they got back to me within two hours. the woman i spoke to was very nice and extremely helpful after i let her know what i backed for and what i was missing. she told me that since i already received my main item, that the warehouse was able to ship out my usb, but to those who haven't gotten a package at all, that anamanaguchi's management team are the people handling the kickstarter stuff since the band is busy with touring and making music. don't lose hope, just keep contacting people.
has anyone in the uk received the vinyl/poster pack yet?
i haven't gotten anything in the mail yet either. do any of you know if they're shipping based on location or how much we backed or what? i pledged $35 for the vinyl/poster and i'm from dallas so i'm not sure if that makes a difference.
i got my cd and a sticker today, but no shirt. did anyone else run into this?
just got the usb, tshirt, and poster, but no sticker. not even upset, just super glad the rest of it got here finally! (◡‿◡✿)
its been a month since shipping was announced and i still haven't recieved anything.  no $100 vinyl package, no shipping email from red eye, and no attempt at a response from the band.  this whole thing has been a disappointment and at this point i just want it to be over.
i got my flash drive in the mail, but no sticker. is that normal?
haven't gotten anything yet either ($70 tier, socal) ;_; <3
still nada here and no reply from the either the band or red eye
i talked directly with someone over at red eye distro and they relayed it is the bands responsibility to follow up on the shipping of orders and to make sure they get sent out.  she had no further infromation beyond that but i look to have an update today from her in regards to my pledge status.
nothing received yet either (in the uk). i've tried contacting red eye a week ago and received no answer. i'm worried that we're very unlikely to get any update from the band at this stage to address some of the major outstanding issues with this project as well.
finally, i've got my vinyl today as well. i was very angry like a week ago, but being patient eventually payed off. i've got the sticker too. the vinyl looks and sounds amazing. now i'm a happy costumer! ^^ don't worry guys, never give up, if i got my vinyl shipped to hungary with wrong shipping cost payed, everyone will!
i just came home today to find a white package waiting for me at the door. everything is awesome, from the poster to the sticker to the color of the vinyl. i'm blasting it right now on my little discount store disc player and it's like i'm hearing the album for the first time. this totally made my day better, after having been yelled at by a drunk lady at work 'cause she didn't want to pay her bill.
i haven't received anything at all! god this is frustrating. i even contacted their distributed and no answers at all.
is there someone i need to talk to about receiving my vinyl and poster? its been weeks since the last update and im seeing may people haven't received their stuff either.
usb and sticker arrived in portugal today. music files are awesome. the usb is kind of lame but at least it's here.
i still have not received my poster and cd. should i contact somebody?
anyone in the uk got their usb drives yet?
i received my el panel and flash drive for the [light-up wire panels] tier, but nothing for the extra $100 i pledged for the [signed vinyl package]. d:
it's pretty defeating when a friend a town over received his more than two weeks ago. how is there no way to make an inquiry or report a problem?
still no vinyl here i keep trying to contact red eye but they don't respond to my emails or phone calls.and anamanaguchi clearly can't do shit because at this point it's supposedly out of their hands fuck. i like anamanaguchi but everyone involved on that end of this kickstarter has completely fucked everything up and there doesn't seem to be any remorse for it
has anyone recieved their $80 tier rewards? i haven't even received so much as a shipping notice and i was hoping to have this stuff back in late september.
got my vinyls today! they both look and play great, well worth the wait.
which department do you contact in redeye to state you have not received anything?
i just got a reply from the band on twitter saying they got the following info from redeye yesterday:  "we've shipped around 95% of orders- there are only a few stragglers left to go out this week."
i emailed red eye distribution and got a pleasant and hopeful response today. i'm copying it below for everyone's reference. [begin email] hi nathan, that anamanaguchi bundle should be out by monday of next week.  sorry about the wait, we've been shocked about the amount of patience you guys have exuded. thanks so much for that. we know this has been a long wait, but we are working on it! thanks, jeff laughlin [end email] so it sounds like if you're still missing your package there's a good chance it will be going out next week (mine is the $80 bundle). also for anyone who changed addresses, you might reach out to them yourself to see if you can work something out. if you do contact them, try to be courteous in spite of your frustration - it paid off for me.
they seem to be going in order from lowest rewards to highest. someone said they just got their signed vinyl which is the $50 tier. next would be the $60 cd package and then so on.
@jacob you are lucky that you even got the vinyl. some of us haven't even received anything at all. also i tried contacting their distributor if i get any response at all i will post an update.
well, i backed for a signed vinyl and an added usb. i only got the vinyl. sent an e-mail, no reply. contacted kickstarter for help...they told me try waiting longer. i tried my best guys.
anyone in the $60 bundle get anything yet?
i arrived to that point when i just don't care anymore. i'll never get my vinyl, that's it... it's been 3 weeks since the last update, that they are shipping. nothing here yet. no one answered to my messages in facebook, twitter and not even here, kickstarter. because of my job, i'm handling private messages and e-mails, hundreds of them, daily, so there's unacceptable for me that it's so impossible to get in contact with them. if i fail the vinyl because of that +9$ of shipping... whatever.
anyone seeing vinyl/usb/shirt/poster rewards yet? i also needed to update my address but i'm not sure if that ever happened. i tried e-mailing red eye like mentioned below but i have the feeling that if they've been this inept so far that i probably won't get the response i'm hoping for if any response at all.
gotten my usb stick but it doesn't work, wont show up on my pc. tryed it on 2 pc's and a mac so seems its broken
finally got my usb stick here in france :) glad having supported endless fantasy, love you guys <3
got my usb stick yesterday, in switzerland \m/
talked to someone a while ago about changing my address due to moving, was told it was all good and everything. i know they got sent out a few weeks ago and i'm patient about it, so no complaints here. just wondering about the tracking emails or if somethings up, i know a quality product takes time so no stress guys. just wondering if yall know anything you can tell us. thanks tons guys!
so with no shipping notification and people in the same city receiving their lps already, at what point should i contact someone/who should i contact? any ideas?
got my lp today. i'm satisfied with it, but it was shipped to the wrong address despite me sending a message about it about a month before they even shipped. anyway, the postal system figures these things out so i got it eventually. hope the next kickstarter goes a bit more smoothly for you guys! endless fantasy is my aoty so far :)
my usb came, but i also messaged you about a cd, you told me to raise my pledge to $35 and i did, but no cd arrived.
pete, ary, luke, james, don't let the cynics bring you down. you stuck to your guns with some fantastic and innovative ideas, you absolutely did everything you could and you did it all yourselves, and it's not your fault that the distributor isn't doing what they've supposed to be doing for months. you're some of the most positive and imaginative artists i know, and i backed you guys because i believe in you and know that you do everything you can for your fans—and you have. don't let the negativity drag you down, hang in there!
you are forgiven.
@peter, glad you got your stuff. a lot of us haven't after a six month wait, and the band isn't answering questions or returning messages about it. the people who pledged were first in line to support the band, yet we're still waiting for our stuff months after it was made available at the merch stand and weeks after the vinyl hit amazon. we only get an update every couple of months (usually just to say that stuff is coming super soon, really this time!), and as far as i can tell, the band has stopped responding to direct messages entirely. i love anamanaguchi. i really do. i've got the airbrushed single framed in my music room, and i have a 'guchi gig poster hanging up in my office. i drove 100+ miles to see them this summer. but loving a band doesn't mean you should blindly support them when they're frankly kind of dicking over their most devoted followers. i'm sorry if you think that makes me a "terrible" fan.
ok, so i'm kinda bummed i haven't gotten any info regarding the status of the rewards, but i'm guessing contacting the distributor directly is our best bet now, which is what i'm doing here (as suggested on twitter): laura@redeyeusa.com it must be super frustrating for the anamanaguchi peeps to deal with a distributor who's kind of dropping the ball on this, and now there's not really a lot they can do about it. so yeah, let's not get overly dramatic here, and let's just all try and make the best of this situation and help the band/ourselves/the whole deal.
jesus christ, some of you "fans" are terrible. maybe next time stick to your your popular culture landfill merch made by heartless corporations who dont give a shit about fans unless they can make a buck off your underdeveloped childhood fetishes, and save us all the trouble of reading your useless and unhelpful gripes. ive been super happy with the quality of all the rewards ive received and would totally back any kickstarter again.
got my usb and sticker, awesome :d keep up the amazing work guys!
at this point i'd just like my money back. have been trying to get in contact to change my shipping address but they never respond. somehow they can still post on twitter all day though. this is the only kickstarter i've backed and will likely be my last after this shitshow.
nothing arrived here in portugal yet.
absolutely no sign of anything, no shipping confirmation or anything. honestly, this has been so disappointing. its been over 6 months since the project was funded, and i haven't had any sign whatsoever that anything i funded is on the way. what on earth is going on. i love anamanaguchi's music, i really do but this has soured me to the whole thing so badly.
fwiw, usb and sticker finally arrived in sweden. quite disappointed about the "iridescent" paint though.
//ғᴏʀᴇᴠᴇʀ ᴡᴀɪᴛɪɴɢ//
still waiting on my signed vinyl package...
hoping my vinyl + poster combo is coming in soon. also, its crazy that the uk is receiving stuff first.i don't know, but i hope everyone is enjoying their stuff and that i am next in line to receive my order.
still waiting for my vinyl. this is legit probably the worst kickstarter i've ever funded.
how are people in the uk receiving their stuff before i have, and i'm on the east coast (florida)?
got my usb and sticker today, looks great and sounds great too. :d
still waiting for my poster :(
usb and sticker in lincolnshire today!
received my usb and sticker to sunny glasgow this morning. haven't tried any files on usb yet, haven't even connected it to a computer but it's here.
anybody from the uk received their rewards yet? =)
got my usb drive and my sticker.  i know some people expected more but i love the appearance of it.  the music videos are very high quality and there are tons of songs.  this is by far the furthest $20 has gone for me on ks yet.  thanks!
got my vinyl, but no sticker. i was so stoked for that awesome design on a sticker!
well mine got delivered to the usa and i like in the u.k :/
i got my vinyl! i am super satisfied! it sound so good and the bass feels so much heavier on the record. although i didn't get my sticker i want to let the band and everyone else know that i have been satisfied throughout. i knew the rewards would be delivered and i am satisfied with my donation as well. i am glad the band could do everything they could with the money we gave them :)
btw, received my vinyl (no sticker) two days ago, but i never received a shipping confirmation, so you may not get one either.
nine days after the "everything but the cartridge is shipping" update and no confirmation of shipping for me as yet.
still heard nothing from them and nothing showed up for me. 70 bucks in with nothing to show for it.
@chance ploegstra, you need to hit the "contact me" link in the sidebar and drop them a line. that being said, a bunch of people are reporting that they never heard back on change of address requests, and a bunch more are saying that the band confirmed the change of address and their stuff was sent to the wrong place anyway. good luck. :\
i need to change my address for this. does anyone know how i can do this?
got my vinyl. looks amazing. solo dance party tonight : 3 . but no sticker : (
finally received my record today. i didn't receive the sticker but i'm not surprised. this has to be one of the shittiest kickstarters ever. we hardly received any updates from the band and when we did all they did was blame the distributor. what a joke. also, i kind of assumed that as kickstarters, the vinyl would be different pressing then the vinyl you could just go and buy. figures that it isn't. i helped fund the new protest the hero album and that went wonderful. pth were very grateful to their funders and they kept everyone up-to-date on what was happening. i know i won't support anamanaguchi in any of their future endeavors.
still no $80 vinyl / usb / poster / shirt / sticker bundle here. i wish it would ship already!
got my vinyl and sticker!
i still haven't even received shipping confirmation for my vinyl.  anyone else?
i just got an email saying that my package was going to canada. i live in the us. hope you can sort this out.
just had a "shipping confirmation" for my t-shirt. it's been sent to a residential address in australia. i live in the uk. i don't know who's getting my backer reward t-shirt, but it's not me. i really hope you made spares to ship out to correct errors like this, or i'm going to be really upset with you guys.
vinyl yay! and no sticker... your distributor of choice has been doubly terrible.
still haven't received the cd poster pack :/ i think that one is still in shipping unless someone else otherwise has gotten theirs
just got my vinyl! so pumped. no sticker, but i'm more excited about the vinyl anyway.
got my vinyl today! no sticker, but no biggie.
any word yet on scheduling for the second school of chiptune class?
it is normal i still haven't got the cd? it the only item i baked for
@dan lucky! i'll be keeping an eye out for it this week!
vinyl came in the mail today! awesome design
update 11 explained the usb drives weren't going to be the same as originally planned..
kickstarter reward arrived. it was sent via usps. (redeye is on trollingwood rd; interesting address.) they weren't what i was expecting from "a custom iridescent usb drive containing lossless files." swivel black usb with a treated metal cover (looks a little like bismuth). for some reason i thought the digital files were going to be in .flac but they're .mp3 and .wav. the colors on the sticker are also very desaturated. they're kind of neat, but not as exciting i imagined they'd be. :) glad the items showed up though!
the usb looks so bland...
got my usb drive! \o/
got my usb! thanks ^^
got my flash drive and sticker, usps
i got my flash drive today, and it wasn't what i'd hoped for, but i think this was red eye distribution's fault. anamanaguchi can't help that the merchandising company probably misrepresented what they could do. it has all the anamanaguchi albums to date so overall it's a pretty cool reward.
i absolutely love anamanaguchi, but disappointed to see "radiant acrylic usb drive" is a standard swivel style usb drive with an etched piece of metal.
got my usb drive and sticker. usps.
i guess they must have started with the usb's and stickers first.
i got my drive and sticker as well
just got the usb drive/sticker.
aaaannnd... nothing. pretty par for the course with the way this kickstarter has been going.
did you guys get it from usps, ups, or fedex?
awesome. can't wait to check the mail today!
got mah usb and sticker!
just got the flash drive and sticker.
@steve - as far i know, no backers have received their packages. i believe i read that pictures of the vinyl are from people who ordered through amazon. and pictures of the usb's are from the manufacturer. anyone feel free to correct me on this. i ordered the vinyl and still have not received any kind of shipment notification.
i got the cd + poster bundle. it has still not arrived. i live in the us. am i not alone in that?
@kevin - you're right, seems people who purchased it through amazon got it way earlier. that kinda bums me out, but hey, i'm hoping i'm getting a shipping notification any day now.
has anyone received any kind of notification about shipping? @nicolás they tweeted that 3 days ago! i was just checking the kickstarter today to see if i had some how missed the email.
they're writing an update https://twitter.com/anamanaguchi/status/397429226821148672
i am sad. :(
@felipe - just found the thread on reddit... in the comments, he says he ordered it from amazon. the wait continues...
it seems they're being shipped out, because i just stumbled upon this picture on reddit: http://i.imgur.com/w0xjqq6.jpg
guchi twitter rt'd someone who'd gotten their vinyl so maybe we'll be getting them soon! :d
@bence, don't bother with that. it won't make it arrive sooner. vinils and usbs are late and no one knows when they'll be shipping.
since i haven't seen any pics of the flash drive posted here, i did some googling and found this: http://blog.ipromo.com/client-stories/client-story-the-anamanaguchi-rainbow-flash-drive/
i guess i only get my vinyl in 2014, central europe is not here... if i ever get?! i was one of the first guys who chose the [vinyl] option but with the old shipping cost what later changed to a higher price outside the us. am i right now with that? will i get my vinyl? should i send more money because of shipping? and where? when? i've sent a message to their facebook and kickstarter profile, no information yet. it's not like i'm dissatisfied, i got the digital album, it's awesome and i'm glad i was able to help, i just don't know if i ever got that (literally) bonus stuff.
any update? would've been the most perfect gift every for halloween!
i ordered the $80 bundle with the vinyl, shirt, drive, poster, and sticker. i've yet to get any of it. fingers are crossed that it all shows up soon. has anybody else with this bundle gotten their package yet? did it show up in pieces or all together?
so much for the absolute certainty of receiving the usb stick this month.
"i got a call from red eye distribution last monday saying that the vinyl was finally in stock and ready for assembly & shipping! i haven't heard from anyone getting it yet, so let me know when you do! shirts, usb drives, everything should be ready for shipping now. thank you so much for your patience in this insane process!"  from their mailing list.  needless to say i'm pretty disappointed it's taken so long, but at least it's finally coming.
no usb here. i changed addresses, and messaged them through here to update my address as is recommended by kickstarter. no confirmation. no communication. very disappointing.
nothing here either (ca) and i backed the usb too. no confirmation back or anything.
no cd, poster or sticker here yet (uk). no confirmation of shipping either. if i go to one of their shows in 2014 do you think i can take a proof of purchase and just be given a cd?  ]: (
cd received. at my old address (thankfully i was able to get it back). the back of the case is broken. oh well, it's just a standard cd case, i'll replace it.
i have received nothing. it's been like 4 months, since their projected shipment date. i haven't heard any information or update regarding my item. (i backed the usb.) i just checked their twitter and i don't see anything mentioned either.
@jon nothing here yet either, no confirmation, nothing at all
so it's been a week since things have supposedly shipped and i haven't gotten a confirmation email about it or anything. anyone still in the dark about this?
@don, no usb yet. and i haven't heard any news about it either...
anybody receive the usb yet???
yup. red eye definitely shit the bed this time. that said, a few more updates from the band would have been nice.
very glad everything's finally shipping :d red eye definitely screwed up. it's a shame that they wouldn't ship any reward at all until they were all ready. very unfair for people who didn't pledge for the lp, they could've received their rewards waaay earlier instead of having to wait for that to be made (for the record, i did pledge for lp myself) i (and probably most of us) know it wasn't specifically you guys' fault. you did your part. you made a fantastic album. you prepared an awesome live stage. you performed one heck of a kick ass tour. seriously, watching recordings of your concerts on yt really helped me make the wait less irritating, seeing you putting so much energy when playing, you guys give always the best of you. and i haven't stopped listening to tracks from ef for a single day. thank you for everything. you guys rock (t-t)b ~now waiting for game jam ღ(°∀°ღ)
well looks like i picked a good day to check in on the status.  finally, vinyl shipping is good news!
@daniel - just checked my email and the source files were there waiting. *head explodes*
yep, just posted on facebook: news: the vinyl has arrived! kickstarter rewards will be shipping asap!!!!!
fyi source file people, if you haven't received them already - try emailing the guys direct using the gmail address on their website. i figured doing so would cut through the noise. heard back from pete earlier w/ my reward =)
they posted on their twitter that vinyl begins shipping today.
@joe i think you should chill out and not worry about it so much. maaaaaybe we don't know how hard it is to run a kickstarter like this, especially with a distributor that isn't living up to what they were hired to do.
hey, maybe we'll get them relatively soon. i'm still at the point where i'm feeling rather patient.
just in case you guys haven't been following their twitter feed,a few days i tweeted them in all caps asking about the vinyl records and they tweeted back saying "its dark in here too.. complain to red eye distribution. last we heard theyd be ready this month!" this was a few days ago. maybe they should've gotten a better manufacturer,maybe they should've had a more realistic release date,maybe they shouldn't have sent the vinyl records out to be redesigned once the stretch goals started being reached. what do you guys think?
@kellan i couldn't have said it better myself! i would really love any kind of update. any update at all would be great.
usb this month? well i really hope so.
@asa a lot of my info came from * previous updates * facebook updates * a little bit of legal knowledge * tweeting @anamanaguchi about the cds and them having absolutely no idea they were being shipped out
for what it's worth, i agree with everything kellan wrote.
just gotta air this out. it's apparent how busy you guys are, but even a weekly update on "nope nothing has changed" or the status of each item would have been nice. the 277k is what blows my mind about the whole thing. your video really sold me on the passion you guys had for this idea and the excitement for the potential of it. following you guys and seeing how blown away you were and how astounding it was for you to experience, but then to not walk us through this process, even as it crashed and burned, was and has been frustrating. we've gotten less updates the longer this has going on. it should have been the other way around. 2 updates in the 4 extra months we've had to wait? and now i gotta somehow get this package that is being shipped to my old address and i have no idea when it is showing up? i know it wasn't your guys fault, but from the video you guys really do understand what it's like to be broke or close to it. i'm in that same situation, so putting my money into this and not getting what i expected has been a disappointment.  would i do this again? probably. it just hasn't been a good experience. good thing the album is absolutely incredible.
@enoch kim where do you get all of this info? you're a blessing in disguise. i pre-ordered the lp on insound. it said oct. 26th is the shipping date. is this confirmed? at this point i don't care how "pristine" the lp needs to be as long as it's translucent blue and rad like they said. it's chiptune for christs' sake, it doesn't need to be pressed on 180gram virgin vinyl.
just received the cd album, just fantastic.
@ spacerobot - i know, right?
hey guys - i need to change my shipping address! i've sent a private message to you here on kickstarter but not received a reply (understandably i guess you must be inundated with messages). could you please let me know how to change my address before the rewards ship?
stiiilllllll waiting on those source files. 7zip is your friend!
@allangrybackers: i'm not pete or anything but here's my best guess on what's happening right now: the cds were made directly by the distributors. seems they're tired of all these cds sitting in their warehouse and decided to send them out anyways- without telling the band. meanwhile the band is not happy with the current vinyl master and they wanted to send everything out at once. the distributor can't do anything about flash drives and t-shirts and such because it's not their property, they didn't make them, it's out of their jurisdiction (even if they're in their warehouse). and maybe people are getting cds sent to old addresses because anamanaguchi never gave the distributors the new addresses because, like, why should they? they're not (supposed to be) shipping yet. it's not a matter of "why can't anamaguchi hire people?!?" they did- their distributor. and right now their distributor is messing up big time.
i think an update is due for the backers.
@steven good luck, man.
@nick, i also moved in august, and i got the same message (like, verbatim) when i sent them my new address. that's really not encouraging news. :\
in august, sent them a message stating that i was moving, and gave them my new address. got a reply: "no problem at all, new address is noted! thanks soooo much for your support and patience, we'll let everyone know once stuff gets sent! :d" still sent to my old address. whatever. at least i almost have it, and it's just my cousin who lives there now so i can drive up and grab it this weekend.
see, their touring shouldn't come in to account at all, though. if it does, this whole thing was very poorly planned. they made nearly $300k. pay some people to prepare the packages and send it out while they're on tour. there's no reason the actual band needs to do that.
waiting on my backer shirt and have the lp pre-ordered on insound. i have a feeling i won't be receiving either before the end of october... : / this is kinda lame. their touring (although awesome) has held up the backers' donation perks significantly. i wish i got my shirt months ago...
they just responded to someone on twitter saying the usb drives would be out this month with "absolute certainty."
@daniel: yep.. it's frustrating that you can't even get a digital file sent your way that's not even tied to physical distribution or production issues. i can imagine they don't want to ship multiple packages to the same persons, as the costs involved were likely unaccounted for.  still, that shouldn't keep those below the vinyl tier held hostage.  let alone digital rewards which you should already have.. at this point, there's damage control to be done.  it's unfortunate that there is no transparency here.  apologies are nice, but considering our last update was almost a month ago, it feels disingenuous.  they call their own action inexcusable, but do nothing further to correct it. with tour dates scheduled out through december, i'm not holding out hope for the holiday..  sad times. :(
@ stephen - recognise the name because you liked a comment i left on their facebook wall. my frustration kinda mirrors yours, in that our reward isn't a vinyl/usb, and we can't get a single update, let alone one that just says "they're not ready yet". dropped $100 on this as soon as i heard about it (and i'm a first-time backer), in addition to buying a physical copy of the album myself even though i already had a digital copy. i'm not trying to say i'm somehow "entitled" because i gave more than some other people, as every single one of us is entitled to our respective rewards. it's just the lack of updates while they continue to post random stuff on twitter is extremely disheartening. i'm certain everyone can relate to that. the vinyl/usb people had an update...of sorts. that was specific to them. that's great and all, but what about the rest of us whose rewards aren't those things? in a previous update they specifically said the source files were coming. two months later, nothing. i can't imagine it takes too long to email some files to 12 people. never mind the logistics of shipping all the other stuff. are they waiting to get the big stuff out of the way first? tried asking on here, facebook and tumblr to no avail. i'm....okay with waiting a little longer. i just want to know that i haven't been forgotten about. i hope that's not the case but right now that's what it feels like. just one teeny tiny update. doesn't have to be more than two lines. just...something.
w h e r e a r e t h e v i n y l s ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
@nick: no worries.. i think we all are.  i have $300 on the nes cart... which they've not even given status on that either.  i bet we'll have mn9 before we see returns from here.  sad considering they update their facebook and twitter while leaving us, who paid their tab for all this touring/drinking/partying, in the dark. people try to say we're not true fans for being upset.. but sorry.  i've bought their every album leading up to this.  i backed the ks without second thought.  it's a shame.
sorry, just frustrated.
was expecting the cd in june. it's october now. they've also been selling the album and the usb drives at shows, long before sending them out to backers. sorry guys, this is 100% unacceptable. not sure why you feel the need to send everything out at once, or why you feel you need to do it yourselves. this seems extremely poorly planned. you guys made $277,399. hire some people to send this shit out while you're on tour.
@mikaël: it sounds like it is blindly, so blindly, that not even the band know what is going on anymore… from the comments we've seen thus far, i'm also assuming that it is only the cds that are going out, no usb drives, etc. i wish they would find the time to look into what is going on and give us another update…
did anyone get an email concerning their package being shipped..? or is it just blindly waiting to see when or if it comes..?
got my cd today too (uk). tracklisting on the back is in the wrong order :( but otherwise, i've had it on repeat all day :)
still waiting for my cd. really dissapointed because of the long waiting..
lucky you on the cd. still waiting for the usb>
got the cd and listened non-stop today. this might be my album of the year.
i finally got my cd today! it's great! keep rockin', you guys! or...bleep-bloopin'? well, keep doing what you guys do!
waiting on that usb as well
also waiting for my usb drive. i'm glad they are "coming sooner than expected". imagine is they didn't...
still waiting for my usb drive...
@asa the release date for the vinyl is october 29th, and it looks like you can pre-order it from insound, amazon, and the other usual suspects.
so when the deuce are shirts gonna ship? any word on if the vinyl will be made available elsewhere? i got a record player during this waiting period haha.
@griz check update #5 for a download link.
i hope the vinyl will arrive the next days. i can buy the digital copy on amazon and itunes, but i don't have any download link from you for my pledge, yet :(
tweeting at them, it turns out they had no idea stuff was shipping already
how odd, after all the angry muttering here, you'd think they would have made a update to say stuff is shipping, even if it is just the cds…
my copy of the cd came today! loving it so far!
also this guy https://twitter.com/joshiepup/status/380824845996412929 and this dude http://puu.sh/4vyys.png
could be trolling? i got my copy of the cd off amazon (what i'm waiting for is the usb), so it isn't like they had to get that cd from the ks… it would be a good sign if it is true though…
apparently this person's got their rewards already???? http://triangle1053.tumblr.com/post/61714492532/this-completes-me-kickstarter-copy-of-endless is there anyone else who got their rewards early?
while i understand the want to ship everything to everyone, wouldn't it be easier to ship,  the completed  sets of things? i mean i'm  disheartened  to hear the usb drives are being sold in shows, this would stop several of your backers, who are really upset because we haven't gotten our stuff, myself included,  and i will be honest that this has made me  lose some respect towards you  full radio silence for months, and  you selling merch that we made possible before,others, just feels,wrong....please i know you are an awesome band, dont make me hate you...
no, it is not alright to sell you kickstarter rewards at shows, before sending them out to the people who helped fund them. where would they have gotten the cd's, vinyl, merch, ... if we hadn't funded those items in the first place. i regard kickstarter as a kind of preorder. i ordered first, send me my cd (just a damn cd.. i mean come on!) before selling them to people who had nothing to do with it.. i don't blame them for trying to sell merch at shows, that's fine. but neglecting to send out cd's is not ok.
i definitely appreciate the update, but i'm stil not quite following the logic behind the whole "we can't send anything out until everything is ready" thing... i mean, the vinyl not sounding right didn't stop them from selling the usb drives at the merch booths on their tour, did it?
no worries, dudes. we can wait. in the meantime, magical walrus for everyone. http://i853.photobucket.com/albums/ab98/ecyrb1026/magicalwalrus-l4d.jpg
it seems most of the people complaining about not getting their stuff before anybody else doesn't understand how large scale business transactions work out.  they've likely planned for one big shipping period because of how many things need to be addressed, packaged, and brought to a mail carrier and it's just not feasible to do anything aside from that without significant cost to themselves. it may seem unfair that their stuff is available on tour but we haven't gotten our stuff yet, but in the end we'll still get our stuff.  we already have digital copies of the album so it's not like the music itself is delayed, and oftentimes dealing with big manufacturers as a smaller entity is a nightmare and a half. to anamanaguchi:  it would've been a good idea to post more updates than you have, but i thank you for at least acknowledging that you've not been keeping up with them as much as you should.  i hope your issues with the manufacturer get worked out quickly and painlessly, and i'm looking forward to getting my hardcopy goods whenever they may arrive.
i've been listening to the band since power supply and can vouch for their trustworthiness as i have received cds, vinyl, and t-shirts from them in the past. a true fan would wait a few months for an album release without complaint. a true fan stays true to the band no matter what!
anamanaguchi has every right to sell merchandise at shows and this includes selling kickstarted items before anyone else has gotten them. let's be patient and understand that sometimes in life the last will be first, and that eventually we will all get our "reward".
while it takes time to make high quality art, it takes even even more time to mass produce high quality reproductions of art in multiple mediums. some people may be getting frustrated with the wait, but for me it only makes the prospect of listening to the vinyl for the first time sweeter because i know the sound is going to be exquisite. i understand that when people do things themselves (i.e. write, record, produce, sell, and distribute their own music) it is a time consuming process with many pitfalls, and i have utmost respect for anyone daring to risk so much for the sake of art.
when are people going to get their shirts, i haven't gotten mine yet?
if they are selling the kickstarted items on tour before anyone has gotten them that is just wrong. i wouldn't support these guys again.
this has been my worst kickstarter experience. months ago, i was thrilled to be part of your success. now, i feel entirely different. sadly, the unfulfilled promises and lack of communication have ensured that i won't support you again. and are you really selling the usbs and other kickstarter items on tour? that... really sucks.
band is on the uk tour at the moment, so you shouldn't expect a response until after this weekend at the earliest.
hearing that some of the pledge rewards offered here on kickstarter are available to the public at shows is disappointing. if you guys can't handle this on your own, you really need to get someone to help you out.
i agree with everything brian anderson just said.
yeah doods!! just an update is all we ask! we know you're out there busy sharing your awesome the music with the world and shtuff, but we helped in funding your tour and merch. please don't forget about your "anamanababies"!   (t__t)
love the band, and have been enjoying the mp3 release we got earlier, but what was the point of "pre-ordering" a cd or other rewards, if i could have just not backed the kickstarter and gotten them cheaper months ago?! we can get them to post on twitter things like "we love kitty" and "just did a sake bomb but it was a hot wing in a cup of ranch".  guys, let's stop "whoopsie doodle i accidentally got drunker than i thought i would" and keep up communication.  take the hour out of your day to do something, anything here to communicate the status and clear out the frustration of many of your fans.  thanks guys.
another kickstarter disappointment. funded projects never treat their backers the way they should, not fulfilling their promises and keeping them in the dark about it. it really isn't too much to ask for a quick update on our stuff.
does anyone know how to change your provided address yet? put my old one for my usb drive, since it sounded like they'd be arriving before now, but i'm currently in the midst of a 1000+ mile move and don't know if i can get it forwarded whenever they do ship.
that's why they had a picture of the usb drives on the ipromo blog? when i saw that (which was a few months back now), i thought that they would be getting ready to send them out to the backers pretty soon. i had no idea that they had them at the merch table for shows on their tour.
im so excited! any update on shipping?
they are almost ready to send everything out, i would expect an official update shortly.
i'm sorry but no one is ever too busy not to comment. a simple breakdown of where they were up to with each element would be great. c'mon. it's not that hard.....is it?
nothings shipped, everythings behind schedule and they're too busy touring to say anything
i'm just wondering if i'll ever get my poster and cd. i really love the album and everything else you guys have put out, but i'd really like to get my stuff so i can show it off to my friends. i'm fairly certain i typed in my address months ago, but i can't remember and i can't find anything on here that shows that anything at all has shipped... any ideas???
this blows. lesson learned.
thatd be pretty messed up if they did that.
woah so they are selling the usb drives at concerts before meeting the orders of the fans who backed them? that is really disappointing.
an update on when things will ship before you go on the uk tour next weekend, please?
in the same boat as spacerobot. i'm sure you guys are doing your best though. i know the source files peeps make up such a tiny number of backers when you consider everything else, but i just hope you guys haven't forgotten about us ( `t~t` )
in the last update it said the song source files would be going out next week. that was on august 6th. it's september 3rd now?
the fact that you are selling the usb drives at concerts before getting any out to the backers is pretty lame, truth be told.  you asked for 50 grand, and got almost 300.  please show a little respect to the people that made this happen.
i like so many people on list comment list have changed my address since the usb drives were supposed to be shipped out. any word on any way to update that? or when/if the usb drives will be shipped out?
an update as to how things are moving on would definitely be appreciated, yeah.
while i understand the waiting for the custom items such as flash drives, snes cartridges, etc, the waiting for the cd is ridiculous. this album has been available for purchase on amazon for over a month now, yet i have had to settle for the burnt copy i made with the mp3's. at this point i have given up any hope that the cd will arrive at all, and feel i simply paid $15 for an mp3 download. as my first kickstarter experience, i must say i am rather soured at how disorganized this entire thing is.
it's september, i think the fanbase here needs an update.
i should have just bought the flash drive from the merch table when i saw them on tour.  this is horrible :(
please give us an update on all our stuff.. i've been in the dark about a single cd for 2 months now.. i've never had to wait for a cd this long (since it has been ordered).. : \ i wouldn't mind the waiting, but i have no clue when to expect the postman to bring me my package.
hey guys! i don't mind the delay, (i know you guys have been working hard!) but i wanted to know if there is a way to change my address? i've moved since the kickstarter began and i want to make sure y'all have the right address on file.
what really kills me about that is this update that was sent out on june 2nd: "flash drives: these lil guys are gonna come sooner than expected!!"... meaning, sooner than the june/july delivery date.
estimated delivery for usbs?  june 2013.  actual date?  almost september now...
zing, i see they're expected in september.
anybody get their vinyl yet? had some weird stuff where my card was initially declined, so just wanna make sure i didn't fall through any cracks.
just curious - any word on the usb drives yet? the update a few weeks back made it sound like the contract was ready to be finalized, and once that was done they could be sent out. haven't heard anything since then.
has the contract with the distribution company reached any sort of agreement yet? is it likely to be sorted out before you go on the uk tour?
hi! i'm wondering where my cd is? i also live in germany...
nope. didn´t get it yet
has anyone got theirs usb drive yet? looks like they should have shipped 2 months ago?
will you be sending out a way for us to change our shipping addresses?  i'm going to be moving soon :(
i have the same problem as sean mcmanus, i've just moved so i would really appreciate it if an address check/re-submission form could be sent out so that my usb won't be sent to my old address.
also haven't received my cd yet (only cd), i also live in europe. it's been a month and a half, seems like enough time to get that cd here. i have already received packages from the us that were sent after the cd was supposed to be sent out.. give us an update please..
same here - is there any way to check which address i put down for the rewards? have moved since :'(
i just moved and can't remember if i had provided my old address when i pledged or not. can someone contact me to update my info before my usb drive gets shipped? thanks!
those who are in the december class for the school of chiptune are in for an unmatched and unforgettable experience. these guys are ridiculously approachable in person and are humble as can be. they are all geniuses in their own separate way and have surpassed my expectations by far. the bittersweet part is that i have to spend the rest of my life telling the story of the amazing day i had with them and *no one* is going to believe that i'm not making it up. they say a magician should never reveal his secrets, but you have done the selfless thing and decided to pass on what you've learned to the world. i can't thank you guys enough.
if we pledged enough for the record and poster, are they both going to be shipped in the same package? if so, will the poster be folded? is there any way that i can get the poster shipped in a tube or something so it won't get folded/bent? i'll happily pay extra for shipping if that's the case.
hey guys, it is normal to not have received the cd (just the cd!) yet? i live in europe, dunno if it count
making another round: where and when is the school of chiptune happening?
what's your chiptunes school address in brooklyn?
what is the status of the usbs?
chase: usb drives were addresses in the "business" section of the update! we apologize for the wait, we're just finishing up contract stuff with the distribution company we're working with and we'll be ready to send out a bunch of stuff :)
new update and nothing about usb drives. this is getting a little stupid.
if we pledged enough for the record and poster, are they both going to be shipped in the same package? if so, will the poster be folded? is there any way that i can get the poster shipped in a tube or something so it won't get folded/bent? i'll happily pay extra for shipping if that's the case.
hey!   i need to change my address for the usb drive!
has anyone received vinyl yet? eta says july but its now august :(
any way to track the shipments?
school of chiptune: still don't have an address and it is only days away. did i miss it somewhere???
hi guys. when are the [endless fantasy usb drive]  being sent?. maybe after the tour i guess. cheers
any way to change our address? i move back to school in a week.
what is the album already released on amazon? i thought all the kickstarter backers would get it before it was released? :( i really hope they will ship it soon
any updates, fellas?
when are the t-shirts being sent out?  i swear the thing said eta july.
it looks like flash drives haven't been shipped yet. was just looking for an update and i'm not seeing anything.
i'm sure they will send everything out when their tour is finished. but is it yet?
trying to stay positive, but i still haven't received my cd yet. had i known it would take this long i may have just ordered it from amazon back in june. :/ still love you guys, though.
saw you guys in orlando. best concert i've ever been to.
will you guys be around dallas again any time soon? i'm kind of poor as crap right now and i'd like to see you guys perform!
thanks for the update guys!
hey, please make the vinyl available on your website too!
i recently got a call from ny but didn't get to my phone till now. was that you guys and should i call back?
woo! going to the new orleans show tonight!
thanks for the reply guys, really appreciate it sorry if we seemed pushy it's just sketchy with kickstarter sometimes! xoxox cats n love
this is turning into streetlight manifesto part 2:electric boogaloo i can't be waiting another year for another lp >_>
hey yall! we definitely haven't forgotten about anything! i am typing this from a hotel room in tucson! as we said, we're waiting for production on everything to finish so we can send all packages out at the same time. we'll of course let you know as soon as that is, and it's getting closer by the day! it's just difficult to manage everything from the van (*_*;) thanks so much for your support and patience, we're excited to get everything out to you!
i'm willing to wait for a while, i'm just asking for an update something to say "hey we didn't forget about you guys we're just busy"
it's still july. plenty of time. plenty of patience. i'd even be willing to wait through august.
it says estimated delivery. you have to understand that they are on tour and busy with everything going on. just be patient and you will receive some quality guchi swag
hey guys i'd appreciate an update on the status of our stuff!
i still have not received my cd or poster yet, i am becoming very annoyed and would like some action to be taken immediately if possible
when are the stuffs getting sent? :l i mean if you have at least give us a confirmation date it would've been really helpful d:
any updates on when the usb drives will be sent out? i mean, i want to be understanding about it.... but the estimated delivery on the kickstarter page was june 2013.... i know this is just an estimate, but we got an update a month or so ago saying that the drives would be sent out earlier than expected. given that it's almost mid-july and we haven't heard anything in quite a while, perhaps a new update to the backers is in order?
since it looks like these won't be sent by this month... is there any way to switch our shipping address before they ship? i go back to school early august and i'd prefer it to get shipped there instead of where i'm at for summer.
/\_/\  ( o.o )   > ^ <
if i pledged for the vinyls ($35) do i also get a thumb drive? i wasnt expecting it, but the ipromo site made it sound like everyone that pledged over $20 gets one but maybe they were just confused
has anybody got their usb drives? i filled out the shipping address thing like last month and still haven't heard anything...
found this today http://blog.ipromo.com/ its a picture of the flash drives
has anyone gotten their shirts yet either?
couldn't you at least email a link for some of your content since it's taken this long to fulfill any orders? i know you gave out the most recent release that this kickstarter was for, but loads of people bought the usb which supposedly contained all of your released works. i'm sure this could be a security issue, not wanting to give out a mediafire or mega link since it could lead to shared music... but at this point i doubt it could hurt. either way, i dig the stuff you guys make and i'm sure this is stressful filling this many orders.
i feel like such a greedy jerk whenever i wonder when the usb will get here.
yea.. still haven't gotten my usb.
same here, i haven't gotten my usb either.
have you guys sent out all the usb drives, yet? i still haven't received mine.
soooo update on the flash games???
so it's been a while guys,any update on the lp status?
i've been waiting pretty patiently but i'm seriously wondering where in the heck are the cd and poster? it's been over 2 months now.
hmmmm... i never got my cd and poster :(
not sure how many are aware but if you love chiptune toby fox of homestuck fame is doing his own videogame called undertale and is of course doing the music.  it is deffinitely worth a look. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1002143342/undertale
oh shit i only just answered the survey do i not get my cool ~^~dog~^~ usb drive now
i did both, and opted for the usb drive here!  so basically i'll have… the zip file, the cd, and the usb drive…
i feel kind of boned that people can order the cd on amazon and get it in a day, but those of us that actually showed our appreciation by kickstarting haven't received them yet. here's to hoping it shows up eventually.
from twitter: 「anamanaguchi」 ‏@anamanaguchi sorry if i offended anyone before // but usb drives & vinyl are now in production.
from tumblr: yo! getting a lot of questions about when stuffs getting shipped out - we’re waiting on everything to be in so we can ship bundles at the same time and all that. also waiting to finalize the fulfillment deal with a distribution company to make sure the crazy volume of shit gets sent properly. sorry it’s taking a while! updates will be coming soon, promise :) -pete
i want to get the shirt before they come to new orleans :(
just gonna shoot it out there for everyone, but i think we'll have to wait quite a while.  the way i see it, they've been busy with their touring and whatnot.  maybe they don't have the time to keep us updated.  soon enough, we'll get what we asked for.  can't wait to get everything, and i also can't wait for that 72-hour game-jam-session.  that's gonna be awesome. :3
still waiting for stuff :(
i'm still waiting for my stuff. does anyone know when it will be delivered? :l hopefully soon <3
haven't gotten anything so far, and june's almost over... team cat! =^-^=
does anyone know something about the delivery of the cd's?
any idea when the usb drive will be sent out? seems like it's been a little bit since we've heard anything, so i'm just curious!
you guys are awesome but we miss you; update?
still waiting on the cd, anyone have an update yet?
*same here*
*fingers crossed that my flashdrive arrives soon*
yea i got that survey and i thought it said cds would be delivered by june 30th?
not heard anything for a while, any updates?
yeah, i haven't received my lp yet either.
im guessing cds have not been shipped yet right?
dog.
has anyone else gotten a survey yet in the "tour party" tier. i haven't yet, and i just want to make sure i didn't mess up the e-mail somehow
team cat represent. round 2 we cat now.
this is first project i've backed in which i'll have a physical good delivered (the flash drive ^u^). does anyone know how we can find out when the item gets shipped and if we can track it, or does this work differently? p.s. sorry if it's a silly question n.n
are these american apparel shirts? if so i need to change my size.
@chris: check your spam folder. surveys were indeed sent already, unless you're in the crazy high tiers.
@mekala: nope. you had to take care of that with amazon payments. anamaguchi can't do anything.
please anamanaguchi! the credit card i entered was old and i just found my new one. it's thirty minutes past the time i needed to have it in by! isn't there any way i can put in the correct card??
you guys just absolutely killed it. this is hands-down the best album you've ever written. sublime.
i hope you bring some vinyl to your show in new orleans! i would totally buy me one! plz!
filled out my survey assuming american apparel shirts... hopefully we'll be able to change our selection if the shirts are different sizes also: team dog :d
team dog d:
if the shirts are the same as what they're selling (american apparel) on their website: shirt measurements: all shirts measured across the chest x-small 16.5" small 18" medium 20" large 22" x-large 24" but that's only a guess so use at your own risk?
cat ftw
wait, have surveys been sent out? i haven't received one yet.
hey, could you publish a sizing chart for t-shirts? depending on your supplier, missing the right amount of "x" will either mean "too big" or "too small" :)
this looks so awesome! http://youtu.be/72ewyddjpy0
wait, why are the color options for the shirts different than the pictures? :( blue shirt with pink letters? white shirt with yellow letters? i wanted to get the blue shirt with yellow letters, or the white shirt with blue letters :( i'm sad now
i do like me cats. i even have cat tattoos.
thanks much gents! appreciate yall putting on a kickass kickstarter, it was a fun ride.
"what u like" i love you guys.
what if i like nor dog or cat??? the pro animal agenda of this survey is disconcerting...
dog > cat
"you will separate shipping from product on the value declaration right?  outside us: $30 for vinyl and $17 for shipping, or else i'll be screwed over by the customs." echoing glenn. please deduct shipping costs from product value on value declarations. in the uk $20 won't be held up by customs for extra vat and admin charges, but $25 will. thanks!
thanks chris!
no surveys have been sent out yet, no sweat. the duders are busy touring i'm sure.
hey guys, i couldn't authorize my contribution of $70 to you guys until today because my credit card was overdrawn. did you guys already send out the surveys for the t-shirt sizes?
were we supposed to get those yung surveys by now??
for those of us not fortunate enough to get the nes cartridge (super jealous), what's it going to take for us to get the rom in the future? :3
you guys make some of the best music i've ever heard. no bullshit, no complexity. just awesome chiptune-mario-pokemon-zelda-internet-adventure music. may you skyrocket to the moon.
great job guys! if any other source file backers want to swap files once we get them get a hold of me!
hei guys, you think it would be possible to get this poster as 1080x1920 pixel without the tour dates ?  http://payload155.cargocollective.com/1/0/6452/5408350/anamanaguchi_endless_fantasy_poster_1.gif i really would love to set it as my boot animation on my sony xperia z! /afk searching xda to find a guide about how to modify booting logo
what i'm about to say is probably something your gonna hear a lot in the next couple days. and i like to preface it first by saying that i do think its great when bands and truly appreciative of their fans and they don't get really big heads. but if your reading this i want you to stop, lean back, take a deep breath,and realize.... you deserve this! :)
you will separate shipping from product on the value declaration right? outside us: $30 for vinyl and $17 for shipping, or else i'll be screwed over by the customs.
woot woot you made it! and congrats your my 47th successfully funded project :)
awesome was able to back before this closed :d
congrats guys!
i just pledged $25 for the usb drive, but i also want to see if i could get the poster also. the other packages seemed like they added $5 for the poster, and the usb package is only $20. it'd be really awesome if i could get a poster with the usb drive.
ok cool so i got a nes cartridge with 15 minutes left in the campaign. awesome.
and @muskets thanks :d
@antonio garcia & @ben pickard thanks for the info!
similar question - just pledged $50+$18 for the vinyl, but also interested in the usb. i want all the music on that usb too, grrr! anyway, how much more should can i part with for you to throw in the usb. (is it bad etiquette to ask for something outside the tier config?) the $80 tier + $25 shipping is a bit too dear and don't really need all the other tat :p.
quick question can you pledge $42 for both the cd and usb?
backed the $50 so i can get that vinyl play it mega loud hahahahahahah
for everyone asking how to get the download of the albumn, there a dropbox for it in one of the updates
so i guess that game jam's happening. any estimates on when it might happen?
@triprotic:  check the update section, there's a backer-only update with the prerelease download.
@triprotic: once the campaign is over, you'll get a survey for your shipping info as well as for the email you want them to send you your digital copy of the album.
hey, i was wondering if the nes cartridge will be made so that it autodetects the region of the nes it's been plugged into? i'm asking because, unless the software is programmed to alter the tempo and pitch accordingly, music in pal nes systems plays at 5/6ths the speed, and one half step lower (g becomes f#, etc). in case you need a quick test, this seems to be correctly supported in emulators like nestopia, where you can change the timing in the machine->region option.
i just backed at the $15 level, how/where do i download the album? :o
meooowwwww
righteous!
$250k reached!
the design oft the usb stick is not done yet? couldnt find any pictures. really wonder what it looks like.
i really, really love the album. i've been repeating it for days, and it just keeps growing on me. i knew i liked this style of music, but i didn't know i could love it, so thanks and congratulations. oh, and gymnopedie no 1 is one of my favourite classical pieces so hearing a bitpop version of it in the middle of the album was a pleasant surprise.
@michael:  the way things usually work for kickstarter is everyone gets a survey sent round for details like that after payment is taken.
how do you put in the info for the shirt? should i send them an email or something?
so close to this stretch goal, hey neil gaiman you're rich why don't you buy the van. lol :)
hey guys, huge fan, i tell all my friends to listent to you and they love it, i pledged 250$ for the school of chiptune, when do you think thats gonna be? in the summer or later?
only 5k to go until the game jam! looks like i might be upping my pledge too.
please don't forget your international fans and come to paris :d
pay day and $68 backed! excited to hear the album on vinyl :dddd
i was wondering, will you guys ever be having more cd releases? i just love collecting them as a collector, and shoo before i was hoping to get the scott pilgrim soundtrack on cd.
just curious, the vinyls are playable right? lol just want to be sure
well, all someone has to do for them reach the stretch goal is buy their tour van xd
i've been listening to the album non-stop since release. the show in chicago was awesome per usual. come back soon!
only $13,243 until the game jam is a go.  i really hope you guys consider doing it anyway even if the stretch goal does not reach $250,000. i am sure there are several talented people out their that would love to make a game based off one of these tracks and share it with the world.
congratulations on the chart position. i'm hoping that you can get some international chart love too. i'm not sure if i agree with the "dance" tag though. apart from prom night (which is ok as an instrumental) the rest of the album is not what i would consider a "dance" track. which is great for me as i in generally can't stand dance music.
hnngh i want that nes cartridge... i guess i will have to settle for a usb drive, but why say you're never going to publish another nes cart? here's hoping you sell the rom image at some point [_])
i found out about this band and this project two days ago when neil gaiman retweeted anamanaguchi's tweet about this being the second most funded music kickstarter. just by looking at the videos, i can tell yall are awesome dudes and i hope you get to accomplish your goals. i literally just spent my last dollar on this project. i wish i could give more<3
i have backed the cd+poster, but is there anyway i can also get the shirt?
can i put "helped sending a pizza into space" on my cv?
is there any way for me to add to my pledge for extra items like the t-shirt and vinyl, or swap out for them, without having to pledge for a whole other package?
i just upped my pledge and i would say @ alex to go for it and up that pledge.  i really want this game jam to happen, it would really be awesome to see an album become so much more than just an album.
i wanna get it signed when i go to the new orleans show!
when will the t-shirt design be revealed?
i just saw them in chicago and they were a m a z i n g ! ! !  i didnt have time to get anything signed sadly d:  i'm curious to know if there is any way they can sign my poster and cd im getting from here, even if i need kick some more $$$ to do it. either way anamanaguchi rules!!!
anamanaguchi literally saved my life. those infectiously happy chiptunes make life worth living. i'm doing everything i can to spread the word so you guys reach $250,000! i want in on that game jam! keep on making awesome music, guys.
any way to bundle the nes cart with usb drive, t-shirt, sticker poster and signed vinyl? i really want to up my pledge to the nes cart, but i'd hate to loose on the t-shirt, poster and sticker!
hey guys. i was just curious, cause i backed the original $30 vinyl pledge, do i now have to add more money to that so i definitely get it cause of the whole shipping goof up?
hey joe, anamanaguchi will send out a quick survey after the ks has ended to confirm addresses and other information of that nature.
reading the comments on here i want to say all the same things love you guys so much!!!! im gonna be at the la jolla show in july!!! see ya there!!!!!!!!! oh... how does anamanaguchi know where to send the vinyl copy to me i could not find a address info for me besides my city/state, just curious cuz i got a few other kickstarters i backed for other bands. any info anyone has would be awesome.. peace!!!
man we are only 25k away from the game jam! there are so many good games that could be made out of these songs. i really hope this happens.  hey guys wheres the shirt unveiling?
the pizza/space/globe gif, the tweets about leaking the album in space, the balloon picture from the first update... you sneaky, creative bastards.
anamanaguchi needs to be at coachella 2014.
i cannot wait to get that awesome usb drive guys! i wish i could pledge more but i have to thank you for offering such a great deal for just 20 dollars! i hope all goes well and you can improve upon your work for future projects even more. love you guys!  fav song has to be mermaid so far!
i am 'this' close (i'm holding my thumb and forefinger really close together fyi) to convincing myself to shill out for the nes cartridge + 2xlp bundle. the one thing that would force me to pounce on it would be if it also had that little bit of extra flourish & style and came packaged in a custom game box with instruction manual.
i really hope this game jam happens. only 45k to go in 10 days.  i am looking to up my pledge but so far no word back through private messaging. they must really be full on into their touring. anyone else have any luck getting a response back?
go go go go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just found out about your new album, was about to buy it on itunes but then decided i wanted a physical copy to hold and love so was happy to back this project. would love a poster of the album cover though, that is gorgeous.
congrats on 200k, you beautiful dudes.
a friend of quikding is a friend of mine!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey i was wondering if your reward system is set up so that, if say i payed the $50 pledge would i also receive the rewards from the precious tiers(obviously excluding the ones already listed)? for instance would i also receive the usb drive or guest t-shirt? i didn't see any note and the way you have it set up makes sense. i was just wondering so i figured i should ask.
hey guys! just donated, and wanted to tell you that you made a fan out of me when scott pilgrim vs. the world: the game came out. the music in the game stood out so much to me that i immediately wanted to know who made it, and it was pretty cool to find out who you were. "another winter" is one of my favorite videogame songs and possibly my favorite out of all the vg music that has come out in the past 8 years, so needless to say, i'm super excited to listen to your now album, which i am downloading right now! ^^ pardon the rambling, but in short, just wanted to thank you guys for making this type of music, and being awesome all the way!
prom night is pretty boss, i love the john hughes track though.  the whole album just flows so nicely.
damnit, prom night has been stuck in my both my wife and i's heads since this album dropped. 24 hours a day we're booping the chiptune accompaniment that plays behind the "with you" part or mixing up the hook in any way possible. "ba-ba beer bottle, drink me, drink me, drink me, drink me, breaaaak me it's a baaar fiiiight"
dudes!  i am so happy for you guys!  endless fantasy is the best ever, it's as if i'm in an eternal party with hot pizza and all the best shit in the world!  thank you so much!!
hey guys, any plans to bring back the vinyl + poster option? that poster design is gorgeous, and demands to be on my wall.
you guys rock!!!! this album is amazing, please come do a show in the bay area soon!
the album is seriously jawesome, just oozing liquid summer! i can't wait to hear even the slightest detail about the school of chiptune, it's going to be amazing.
i'll admit, for some reason i wasn't feeling the "new" anamanaguchi look. something about the new logo and art direction was making me afraid of, well, i'm not sure. look though, i'm listening to endless fantasy and john hughes just made me throw those fears out the window. you guys are bringing the elements i loved about the scott pilgrim soundtrack and dawn metropolis and it's obvious that endless fantasy is already so much more than an album.
well my cd has arrived... it's probably going to go live in the car...
excellent album guys, super hype for what's to come next
listening to the album now. groovy. [/ash williams]
saw you guys at the masquerade in atlanta a couple years ago with peelander z. you guys ignored the bouncers and made people get on stage. it was magical. thanks for being amazing and stuff.
so hope yall chart on billboard you deserve it for this amazing album!!!
i've been a fan for a long time. i remember my first time seeing you guys live was when you played a free show one night in august 2010 at the west la bandshell in los angeles. i felt fucking infinite that night. you guys are the best.
nevermind, just found it in the update. thank you for the help. yay anamanaguchi!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woooooo
i never got my email with the .zip. this makes me sad. i really want to listen to the new album. i don't wanna have to wait until my usb comes in the mail to get it.
is there any other way to get the poster? i pledged for the vynl, but it seems that now the only way to get vynl and the poster is to add $45 and get the shirt and flash drive, which isn't really in the budget...
@alex, just spotted it now. thanks!
*･゜ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･'(*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)'･*:.｡. .｡.:*･゜ﾟ･*
after listening to the album twice my favorite two songs are "u n me" and "bosozoku gf"
hey, good old amazon has just informed me that my cd is on its way! that's right, i'm going to own this album three times! the zip, the cd and the usb stick…
its so weird how, the exact day i start listening to your music again, you guys make a kickstarter anyways endless fantasy sounds so gooood (ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧(ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧(ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧(ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧(ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧
suggestion for some remixes: boss fight remixes! the boss fight tracks were my fave on the scott pilgrim game ost…
@stephen clement the prom night instrumental should have come with the download in the last update... it was there when i downloaded it the first time and still there when i downloaded it again (just now to double check).
i love this album, anamanaguchi! there's only one thing which could make it better, which would be a version of prom night without vocals. please release it as a bonus track at some point, eventually. thanks <3
can't stop listening to this album and i don't want to. thank you guys so much for this, i'm stoked to see you in july!
i'm really excited ps everyone here should check out the professor shy guy kick starter
the album is perfect. with you and daft punk, my summer is made. honestly guys, thank you. <3
love the album!! been listening to it all evening! :d
just love the new album!!!!!!!! wwhhhoooo
looking forward to the signed vinyl. please don't cover my record with silver sharpie animals, i still want to listen to the actual record.
oh, the option is acutally there :-) done
i would like to update my pledge to a t-shirt/poster/cd combo.
yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah how did i not know about this kickstarter - looking forward to getting that usb so hard.
any chance you guys could use some of this money to reprint dawn metropolis on vinyl, or is that impossible. i'd love to pick it up but it's so hard to find now ;_;
i honestly thought the nes cartridges would have sold out much faster... i wonder if they will let me grab 2 at the end if there is heaps left... haha there is no way i could afford it if they did :p but still i would be tempted because i'm crazy for limiteded edition stuff. (please someone sell me the airbrushed vinyl with the lenticular cover, i need it)
hey who's the person in the cover art holding the rainbow cube?
just finished listening to the entire album and omfg i love you!!!!!@!^%#$^!$^!$^#tgjngfsaetnjf.... ahem... excuse me i uh... i lost my cool for a second. i apologize. i'll go sit in my corner now. *whispers* thats for the album ;d><
@tully hansen endless fantasy tracklist: 1. endless fantasy  2. japan air  3. echobo  4. planet  5. viridian genesis  6. john hughes  7. prom night  8. interlude (gymnopedie no. 1)  9. akira  10. spf 420  11. interlude (total tea time)  12. meow  13. canal paradise  14. snow angels  15. in the basement  16. u n me  17. space wax america  18. everything explodes  19. interlude (still splodin tho)  20. pastel flags 21. bosozoku gf  22. (t-t)b
f*ck dudes, i am 1:17 into my first track listen (prom night – that goes first, right?) and desperately had to tell you that this is awesome and you guys are awesome and i'm so happy that i can purchase media & support artists in such a direct way. rock rock rock!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (!!!) best, t.
i'm gonna listen to this endless fantasy called new music from you geyes while awake. then i'll be like hay yall i'm gonna sleep with this on repeat. meow will throw me into a lucid dream that will be awesome. thanks geyes. really though, i'm so hyped. thanks for it all, so good.
what's up with the 2 track #1's and one of them is a wav file?
thanks for the rad tunes, ya chungus.
i'm must stay awake for the link to the dl! screw exams tomorrow! tonight is an endless fanatsy!
backed for the usb drive, hopefully you guys can ship it to argentina. kudos on getting all them moneyz!
aha, i missed that because it didn't say "+ vinyl" like the other said "+ cd". switched.
i would totally pledge 10,000 to play smash bros. with you dudes but you'll have to settle with 15.00... :(
hey wilson, its the first 300$ pledge. it`s not full, you shouldn`t have any trouble taking one :d
i see this below: "we have an nes + vinyl + usb package open now!" but i don't see it as a selectable tier yet?
if there were a vinyl + nes tier i would have backed it; just sayin'
the gooch has frenz. :)
been listening to you guys since 2008 and i have loved your music ever since. i'm so glad that you guys got all of this outpouring of support because you deserve it. i wish you guys would've stopped by miami, but i'll be driving up to orlando to see you play!
i love seeing bands succeed like this with a direct connection to the fans! awesome, have a few dollars from me. love your music.
if you're doing a uk tour, nottingham please. also, pulp clothing stores host a lot of band signings. just something to think about.
hey y'all. just saw the thing about recalculated shipping rates. if i'm paying from canada and i have the $35 tier with seven bucks for shipping am i still good? cheers! <3
following you guys since 2k8 so here is me throwing money at you because you deserve it :d do we get a p.robertson music vid @250k?
hey guys, if i wanted to score the nes cartridge, poster, shirt, and usb stick, is there a preferred way to go about doing that? currently pledging on the digital bundle tier (stick, poster, shirt) but want to toss in a cartridge as well while i have a chance.
this is my favourite kickstarter yet. blackout city, is my favourite song, i have listened to it on repeats hours on end. i'd really love it if you could have ridicously large posters, or add lenticulars for the cd and vinyl covers
hi, you've wrote that you'll do a live at may 14th 14:00 but at which time zone will it be 14:00? kind of important for those of us who live at weird time zones like utc+2.
really glad you guys are getting so much funding and support! idea pitch: custom furbys as a stretch goal think about it.
the album did leak early and in anticipation the internet got the better of me, but i was so super stoked for this album that i needed it to study for finals. i'm throwing my money at the screen. you've obviously reached your backing goal super early, but every little bit helps and i'm glad that i could contribute to this project. ~~~ ╔͎═͓═͙╗ ~~~ ╚̨̈́═̈́﴾ ̥̂˖̫˖̥  ̂ ) meow
backed! good luck guys i really wish you the best and look forward to you fulfilling your goal! xxx
the internet being what it is, your album has leaked early, and i got a listen at it. it was a good thing however: i was hooked for the first listen and knew i shouldn't wait to encourage you at a later date. very excited to have the double lp, it will be a great addition to my library. good luck with the album, would have love to be at the montreal show but my exam comes first. cheers!
michael - yeah that's how kickstarter works. once the funding is complete, you'll get an email asking you to fill in all the shipping details and such.
will we be getting an email in the future about where to send our pledge? i feel like that was something i already filled out, but i don't remember. all i remember is filling out my billing address. buying things online half asleep always makes me worried. help! ;_;
honestly, i'd want to make a game about or using one of or some of your songs even if it doesn't reach 200k.
james - yeah the logistics of being able to offer signed records were a bit confusing. we figured signing all the remaining ones once we could get through to the warehouse would be the best option. all the vinyl is from the same first pressing and will be indeed be colored! :)
like most people are, i'm confused about the vinyl situation. is the new signed edition the same run as the non signed vinyl and are they the same color and such? a bit confused, but i am interested in upgrading to the signed edition.
mike skelns - there is a vinyl package open! lee brumbaugh - not all vinyl is being signed, there is a specific tier you can pledge that gives you a signed vinyl and a usb ^___^ , sorry for the confusion!!  khan - we have an nes + vinyl + usb package open now! yay! please send all questions in messages so i can make sure you see your questions answered :)  also make sure you check out the faq! <3 u guys so much
so does the signed vinyl $50 tier also come with a poster?  really would love to get both of those!
the way i understand it, all vinyl is being signed, correct?  so no need to change my $80 order to the $100 for some sweet sloppy handwriting?
i already pledged for the vinyl + usb drive package but i want to pledge seperately for the nes cartridge too...how can i do this?
aw man you closed off the vinyl package? i picked the vinyl + poster and was holding out to upgrade to the vinyl package (with the usb drive and shirt too) until after the t-shirt was revealed. oh well.
this is amazing 108,000 and climbing.  i wonder who is doing the t-shirt. hey anamanaguchi can we add a shirt to our pledge?  i like having the physical cd along with my digital downloads and want to get the shirt too, the only thing is i don't need all the other stuff like the poster or the sticker or the usb drive. though i do admit those reawrds are cool. any thoughts if we can do add ons? oh and another question how about a anamanguchi pixel fan art contest?  just an idea.
so glad i found the money to pledge for this :d also glad you got more money than you asked for but you totally deserve it.. one thing that would make it better is if you save soe of that money as a "trip to scotland tour" ;) .. also i didnt notice anything mentioning a shipping address anyone able to help me on this one?
woah! what happened, why did they lock most of the pledge levels down? i was thinking of upping my pledge to the vinyl package but now the best i can get is the cd package... no more vinyl available :( i hope this is a temporary thing and they find a way to meet demand, no matter how much demand there is.
double your goal and still 23 days to go! \o/
100k!  oh we out here
100k woooooooo. can you set a stretch goal for a animated "children's" show starring frug and a furby?
holy hell you guys, congrats on breaking 100k!
are you guys going to have add-ons? because i would buy some add-ons.
and we're at 200% capacity!
brb starting kickstarter to fund buying the house show w/ van
you had me at "anamanaguchi kickstarter" but then i saw bright translucent vinyls and colorful thumb drives and realized just how hopelessly ensnared i truly was! keep on being crazemazing!
wtf i love you anamaaguchi
@kevin engle  totally agree. a tour dvd would be great.
a tour dvd stretch goal would be super cool. looking forward to the album.
love your music, we listen to all your stuff almost on a daily basis at our shop bigfoot tattoo here in des moines ia. can't wait for the new album to drop and glad to help pledge something towards you guys. thanks for all the good tunes.
@mike sklens, i doubt that they will need more than 4gb
a stretch goal for a world tour would be great. i'm on board for doing a gig in south germany :-)
200k = australian tour? bring some of your other chiptune artist friends too plz.
been a fan for a long while now (originally discovered you lot when i found a looping flash that used a bit of helix nebula), so i had to get in on this one… so, as 200% looms into view, any plans for some defined stretch goals?  also, if you do any future tours in the uk, please stop by oxford.
been watching you guys for years since i discovered you on 8bit peoples years back! i am so pleased to see you have taken off, making music for popular video games, and now with a wildly successful kickstarter! keep it up! hope to see a concert someday!
if you guys drink then you better be hanging out after the show in ct (first date of the tour woot!!) at the bar thats part of the venue, really awesome place! can't wait to see you guys!
how much space is going to be on that sweet flash drive?
@harper mcgrath : i sent them a message about this a couple of days ago. "hi! if i want to attend a show ($50 level) and preorder a vinyl copy of the album, how should i do this? do i just pledge the combined total ($80)?" "as long as the show you want to go to is still available then you can totally pledge $80" hope that helps!
aw yeah boyssss
a tour dvd/making of endless fantasy/skate video would be ultra rad
your music is excelent guys and i'm more than happy to give you some much earned support! i pledged 70$ for the cd package!
will there be a way to get the vinyl and the sticker later on? i backed at fiddy but i'd totally be willing to pay another $30 to get those too!
idea for stretch goal: professionally recorded concert so peeps who miss out on the tour don't miss out on the tour. it sucks living in australia sometimes...
loved your work on the scott pilgrim videogame, heard about your ks thanks to story war.  glad this is going to be happening, you guys rock.
i insist on a world tour if the pledges don't stop coming! greetings from munich =)
discovered you guys from the scott pilgrim video game, loved the music ever since! see you in seattle.
just put in my 50 for the new orleans show~ gonna send you guys a message anyways.
i sent you guys a message but i wanted to post here just to be sure: i'm interested in the guest pass tickets to the raleigh show. thank you very much, guys. this is awesome.
you guys are the greatest. i'm sure you'll reach well over 100,000.
you guys are my favorite band of all time.  you are some really cool dudes.  when i grow up, i want to be a dark moon goth just like you!
i backed $80.69 and they did not show the .69 i will not shut up about this. out of 39 comments, i'm the 3rd "dylan". that means 7.69% of us have the same name. except mine is 33.33% cooler. because of the extra "l" fuck yeah.
ok so i just backed 50 bucks and i chose the party guest option and i live in vancouver but i'm just not sure how am i supposed to let you guys know other then posting here obviously.
i was wondering, how does the usb work? are all of the files lossless? and are those easily played or do they require a different program or somthing?
your music kicks ass. i most likely won't be able to see any of your tour concerts (since i live in the middle of fucking nowhere), but i'm totally pumped for the album. and congrats for reaching your goal so quickly!
well done james and pete. don't spend it all at once ;)
i'm a sucker for vinyl and i love the usb idea so i ponyed up for the whole shebang. how much more do i have to donate for you guys to come back to oklahoma city?
just wondering later on if you get a reward (like the usb reward) would there be any way to pay extra for a poster or shirt. it'd be awesome to be able to get a shirt with a usb or a usb with a poster for extra. i think it'd be a great idea. maybe a vinyl and poster then pay 10 dollar extra for a usb or something. eh you get the picture. you guys are awesome.
flavius golcea: they would love to play pax prime; it's just that they haven't been invited back since 2010.
in for usb drive!!  come back to pax prime soon and play meow!
dream. come. true.
y'all got backed in 1 day. that's how much we love ya. keep rockin and i'll see ya in richmond in a couple months!
hope to see you guys again! @ jpn
saw you guys at the silent barn and blip! so touched to see that we could raise the money in just one day! (maybe we should have done that super bowl ad kickstarter after all.)
this is gonna be so lame but, i love you guys so much! i have been checking the project all day to make sure you guys would get the 50k and i'm so glad you did! i got to see you at sxsw and it was crazy cool! i really appreaciate that y'all signed my magic card :") point is, you're awesome and you deserve this! lol too fangirl to function
bravo !
i'm gonna flip if the usb drives look like the prism in all the endless fantasy art
fun facts: 1. the new album is coming out on my birthday! thanks guys, it means a lot. 2. pete apparently follows me on raverush.tumblr.com and knowing this helps me through the hard times. 3. luke officially has the best taste in music out of the guys, if it were one of the reward options i would pay to have him suggest a band or album for me to listen to. 4. if i may suggest any sort of collaborations, do something with that tane.us guy, aka. that page that can play animal crossing music for every hour of the day. also the j. arthur keenes band, maybe have him open for you, or open for him. love
your music completes me. that didn't get weird, did it? please tell me that didn't get weird.
real proud of you pete, your band rocks!
hi guys, saw you in amsterdam last weekend. can't wait to hear the new album!
seapunk for life!
whoooohooooo!!! looks like your dreams for the endless fantasy project is certainly on it's way of coming true! good luck dudes!!! i'm backing you completely via my purse, body, mind, heart and soul!ヾ(●⌒∇⌒●)ﾉ
hello! how do i claim 2 tickets for the phoenix, az show on 7/14?
tough to get on the "list" for these shows...$50 cheap at the price for these tix !!
i would like to claim the guest pass for the montreal show @ il motore. i just paid, how would i secure a spot?
hey carter, look at faq section "backer questions", that help to me. sorry for the bad english.
backed for vinyl + poster but if the t-shirt is really cool i will probably upgrade. i am hoping the super secret designer is brian lee o'malley, as i know he is buds with the guchi boys.
does anyone know how to select a city for the guest pass? any help is appreciated^^
i pledged enough for both the vinyl package and the tour party rewards, hope i can get both. (also where do i select what show i want to go to)
jaaaameses i wanna halp build stuff!! :0 so fun so fun
i wanted the vinyl and the usb flash drive, but that's not an option and i can't pledge on both vinyl and flash drive options. is there a way to get both? good luck, guys.
in for the win. make this happen.
oh yes!! can't wait! keep going guys!
what day in august is school of chiptune?
opted for the usb drive, rad stuff that.
i'd guess vinyl+poster means you're only pledging for the vinyl and a poster. up at $80 they have the vinyl package that comes with all the goodies.
hey love you guys!  question is though do i also get a t-shirt if i donated 35? it doesn't point it out but whatever.
oh sweet lord, yes. this is gonna be awesome. can't wait to see you guys in detroit!
you guys are already killin it <3
