biggest piece of shit i have ever used! the bottom just fell out. hope it can stick to something better in a landfill, because that's where it went!
i am medium happy with the mug. the grip works! however.. the lid is not leak-free... so you cannot just bring it in your bag. i am back to my ikea mug of 7 eu....
the orange bottom simply falls out often. i have been contacting the team for months. no response at all. i am an international backer. finding it very difficult. i miss mighty mug :(
received replacement mug and it has stopped working. the orange bottom simply fell out as i was walking. i emailed may 20. no response to date. :-( i miss having a working mighty mug.
terry, the little plastic clips i think broke on mine. i contacted them and was instructed to ship the defective unit in for a replacement. today the replacement arrived. can't wait to use it.
can you give me the stastus of my package please
one of my mugs broke in the same way. three tiny plastic clips are all that holds the bottom in and they snapped right off. anyone know if there is any warranty for this?
@ryan: hey ryan, i couldn't be more carefull with my mug, and i did try to super-glue it, but it only worked for a while... =/ that's sad... but thanks.
i must add this:  takes lots of force to tighten so it does not leak. my significant other is unable to loosen the cap to wash.
after few months of use this still works as in day one. i hand wash the mug daily and suction stays the same. did not expect the mug to be so wobbly ie have so much give but i must say it did save me once (regular mug would have spilled). mug keeps temp well for long time. one ks where deliverable products works quite well.
i got my mug shortly after the project ended, but i consider myself lucky that i am not having any problems that so many other people are. @ manoela: have you been hitting it a lot? i had a friend that didn't believe that it wouldn't fall down so he smacked it and broke the bottom. i was able to find where the plastic parts broke off and just super-glued it back together and it is working fine now. perhaps that would help?
sent this message a month ago and no reply from them yet... "i bought my mighty mug on kickstarter. i'm backer number #430. i started using my mug on friday (feb 20, 2015) and on sunday (feb 22), after three days of use, the bottom part broke. it´s a very strange thing to happen in such a short time with such an expensive mug... here's a video of the broken mug ==> https://www.dropbox.com/s/wc5phs6l5hyl65m/brokenmightymug.mp4… i'm also sending an attachment with a picture. hoping to hear from you soon, manoela" anyone here with the same problem???
i got my mug. it's decent. wish it held more liquid but it does keep the hot stuff hot and the cold stuff cold. and the suction function works.
nobody cares my packages. i have not received my product! i want to refund! please mail wxiluo@gmail.com. never trust this company!!!
until now, i don't receive my mighty mug. i can't track it on usps. please check it for me. i submitted a ticket. no one reply!!!! https://mightymug.freshdesk.com/support/tickets/1972 track your shipment: lz595010772us
hi jame. i have not received my product. i bought in september and to this day has not arrived. i've already paid for the product. please help me to get the product. thank u. my name is: lucas
sorry...forgot: selled on official website.
hi, i'm very disappointed to see mighty mug go ss silver that i've paid 35$ as backers in kickstarter now is selling 10$ less. in future never, and repeat never i suggest your products and/or your company to anyone. hope also that kickstarter block any your future project inside it...u scam all your backers.
até o momento não recebi nada comprei em novembro. until now i didnt recevied i paid in november.
omg, i just realized i spent $90 on mugs that fall down. not sure how i return these. unimpressed. :(
my stainless mug leaks, a lot!  unusable.  i also have not received any response to the pm i sent about this weeks ago.......
i love that my mug keeps drinks hot for hours. not loving that it's leaking and i've contacted you via message with no response. please respond!
well, after using my mug for a week i notice that it leaks sometimes like if a close the top with the part that i drink turn to behind the logo will leak, i dont know why but if i close with the part that i drink turn to the front of the logo will not leak. i know sees wierd but it happens. it's boring because i expect that will never leaks by puting the mug in places that if she leaks will damage my things.
more than a month waiting for my mug ;(
received my mug a few weeks ago. i love it!  it works really well at keeping my coffee both hot and safe from my own clumsiness.  today, i was in bed bath and beyond, and saw a display with the mighty mugs right at the front of the store! i told my wife that i was really proud to help a great product launch.
hello guys, my mug finally arrive!!!!! \o/ well at all besides some lack of comunication my mug is here in brazil and works ! no problems at all until now.
olá, higor. eles me entregaram uma notificação, em papel, no endereço onde eu pedi que fosse entrega a caneca. ao invés de entregarem a caneca, entregaram o papel dizendo que eu tinha que pagar uma taxa e retirar a caneca na agência de correio. sim, vem um aviso dizendo que tem que ser lavada a mão e tal. eu comprei duas canecas das grandes, de aço inoxidável.
fabryce esta notificação que você recebeu foi por e-mail como foi o contato dos correios com você ??  a caneca vem com um manual de como deve ser higienizada ??? ha caneca que você compro é a maior ou a pequenina ??
aos brasileiros sou do rio grande do sul, comprei duas mighty mugs go e recebi fazem três dias! foi enviada para mim em novembro e já chegou, a tempo do natal - não que eu tenha comprado para alguém, ahahaha.  fui taxada :((( tive que pagar r$ 108,00 para retirar as duas no correio!! :( fiquei chateada, mas posso recorrer se eu quiser e esse valor será ressarcido. a empresa nÃo é enganosa. enviaram sim os produtos e estão chegando. eu recebi uma notificação dizendo que eu precisava retirar diretamente nos correios, devido a taxa. talvez vocês possam conferir se há algo no correio da cidade de vocês. sobre o produto eu adoreei. ela já chegou aqui faz três dias, mas só retirei hoje nos correios, então ainda não mexi muuuuito nela. mas sim, em superfícies lisas ela prende bem! claro, não da pra dar um ultra soco nela, mas impede sim muitos acidentes. ela funciona melhor - é mais resistente - quando cheia. a tampinha funciona bem, vi que algumas pessoas reclamaram de vazamentos. não notei nada em um delas, a outra não testei ainda.. uhmmm, acho que não mantêm a bebida gelada tanto tempo quanto prometido - 14hrs -, por que eu coloquei uma água com gelo e não demorou muuito para ficar em temperatura ambiente. enfim, também sempre fui muito bem atendida pelo jayme, não tenho reclamações quanto ao atendimento. houve confusões na hora do envio do tracking, mas nada que seja realmente tão insuportável assim. faria negócios de novo com eles e ainda compraria produtos do kick (: de vez em quando confiro os comentários aqui. sintam-se a vontade para fazer perguntas. mesmo saindo bem caro - para brasileiros - gostei muito da compra (: obrigada!
matheus eu também não recebi ainda nada. essa empresa pelo jeito nos enganou porque deis de setembro o projeto foi fundado e nada de chegar aqui ainda...
alguém do brasil já recebeu o produto?
i noticed the 11oz solo is selling at a local retailer for $6 less than what i pledged for (minus shipping though). it was nice to get the mug before anyone else, and i am pleased with the mug itself, so no real complaints here.
hi, i sent a private message but haven't heard from you. my mug leaks. please address asap.
almost a mounth does that the product is in brazil and i still waiting for. wish i could see where my mug is but even this i cant.  thank you mighty mug for the most horrible expirience at my first time supporting a kickstart projetc
i haven't get it as well. poor customer service.
jayme is a poor example of what customer care should look like.
still waiting
i got my replacement mug today. this one works.
on november 23 i received an email saying that my mighty mugs had shipped, and it included a tracking number.  the next day i received another email stating that they know there was a problem with the shipping/tracking numbers and that i would receive another email with a new tracking number shortly.  on december 3rd i sent an email to mighty mug inquiring about the status of my shipment/when i could expect to receive the mugs.  it is now december 8th and i still have no response from them, and no product.  the first tracking number they sent me simply says "label created" so nothing has actually been shipped yet.  this is my first negative kickstarter experience and i would discourage anyone from supporting mighty mug in the future.  very unprofessional, zero communication, and i have absolutely nothing to show for my donation right now.  extremely disappointed, especially since i was excited about the product.  shame on you mighty mug, i hope i eventually get the two mugs i ordered.  if not, what a rip-off.
i will never support a kickstarter project ever after this experience with mighty mug.  i finally get a product that is defective.  the top leaks so bad that any liquid just pours out. useless! no response from jayme and no help from kickstarter.
makes 2 weeks that my mug this in brazil and for more than one month she sent it to me . i do not know what part of the brazil she is , do not know if she is really coming to my address , the founder of the project does not answer me and to complete many people here say they have had problems with the mug that came to them . i come here to express that i am deeply disappointed with the project. i bought hoping to give as a christmas present but apparently not be able to get the mug before the turn of the year. if by chance one day know who i get my mug i come back to comment .
at least 10 business days after the usps tracking number indicated my package is already in my country (mexico), i still haven't gotten it and i have no way to track it otherwise. what a waste.
i have sent jayme 3 messages on here and 1 through the website with no reply. i don't have facebook or else i would complain on there. i strongly recommend that anyone dissatisfied file a bbb complaint. that is the only way to help others see the issues and not get suckered into this like we all did.
so some people thought a family pack of 4 mugs were supposed to come with 6 mugs? ok.
only works for me if the bottom is slightly wet.
i wrote jayme here on kickstarter and through the mighty mug website. got a return email quickly and within one day a replacement has been sent out   i know people are having trouble with the support, i guess i got lucky. i happy with the responsiveness and hope others get their issues resolved soon.
i received mine 2 weeks ago but in a wrong colour as well. they haven't gotten back to me at all, i sent them a message on kickstarter and on their websites' contact section. i'm honestly disappointed with this kind of service.
i have no problems with my mug since i received it last week ! thank you so much for this awesome product !
my might mug was working great for a couple weeks and now it doesn't stick at all.  it has only been hand washed and is being used on a clean smooth desk.  anyone have any ideas on how to get it to stick again???
had some problems with shipping and notified the mightymug via email; they sent out a second order the next day. got it last week. i've used the solo- stainless several times. i find myself sitting at the table just smacking at the side of the cup to see if i can make it fall over. i've been happy. i'll probably go to bb&b to buy some more as christmas presents.
just received my 4 pack and i am really disappointed also! following the exchange of messages taken by facebook with mightymug. luiz carlos costa escreveu.... dear jayme, i donated u $ 140.00 (+ $ 60 shipping to brazil) for the package "international backers (non-canada) - family pack - 4 mighty mug go stainless steel mugs - includes two silver, two red, two blue mugs - mighty mug go stainless steel - 18 oz ". but i received the package "family pack - 4 mighty mug go stainless steel mugs - includes two silver, one red, one blue and mugs." that is, the wrong package. i have some pictures that show the error. how should i proceed? thank you.     mighty mug escreveu... hello luiz,     thank you for reaching out to us regarding your mighty mug order. however the family 4 pack was to include 2 stainless steel go's. 1 red, 1 blue. there was a typing error on the kickstarter site. please be advised you have received the correct order. if you have any other concerns or questions please feel free to reach out to us. thank you.
jayme, when will you reply me on this... this is regarding your mail regarding the typo-error you made at kickstarter about the quantity of the "family pack-4" that i purchased to be having 6pcs but would not take the informed 4pcs. i would like to make a full refund... i will direct fedex to send back the item... you should have corrected this earlier in the funding... this really shows unprofessionalism in handling the funding... way way too late for you to be informing me just now. humphrey
@tyhr  i have the same issue.  i sent a pm to jayme and a message on the mighty mug site but no answer.
friday was my mighty mug! and i'm really impressed! i sensational! thank you so much! is approved!
my silver 12oz solo does not grip at all. not even on smooth glass. is there something that can be done to fix this? or did i just receive a defective unit? cleaned the bottom. not sure what else to try. disappointing :( my red go stainless grips ok if the surface is smooth enough, but my silver solo won't grip at all.
its now $25... right after i got it... what the hell?
just some feedback on delivery: my package arrived my country (singapore) but not delivered for a week. i called to check apparently the unit number is missed out so as my contact number. they will be re-delivering tomorrow.
@russell good for you feel satisfied with your mug, i don't feel satisfied at all. what's wrong with my raging? shouldn't i feel mad on them? what's wrong with telling the truth? if you disagree with me, then just shut up and enjoy your little satisfaction! or you are the one of them sent out to against us? tell me how much money you got from them worth you stand out to talk for them
disappointed to find stainless steel mighty mug i contributed $35 for, now available at "bed bath and beyond" for $24. very disappointed!!
received my red stainless steel 18oz mug in good condition a few days ago. works great. very satisfied (not so much about the shipping duration). to some of those who are complaining about the mug working only on polished surfaces, i think it was already stated before that it will work only on smooth surfaces, polished being one of those smooth surfaces. so stop raging about that point.
of the two mighty mugs i received one works great and the other does not work at all. i have inquired about an exchange.
i ordered a blue stainless 18 oz bottle and now i got a red one? i spend $35 for your shitty mug and the value of the product on my package is printed as $20? what the hell wrong with you? and your "unique" feature only works on polished surface!!! screw all of you guys, i will never buy any of your products, and tell everyone around me how awful your products are!!!
for those who live in brasil, you can track your shipment with the given tracking number at the correios site, just like it was a deliver from brasil. the second thing, anyone has already received the package? how was the customs? you had to pay the taxes?
well low and behold. receive my mugs today. haven't opened the box though. lol
my last tracking update is from november 19th. did not receive any mug yet. not sure what is going on here, but i sure hope it will arrive here within the next week or else i will try to contact my cc company to get my money back. if i read what people are saying about their products this whole campaign feels like one big scam to me.
the good news is i've received the mug. the hilarious news is in demonstrating it, my colleague stuck it to a monitor over his desk, at which point it eventually fell off, knocking over his non-mighty mug of tea all over his desk and his trousers... shamefully there are no videos or pictures, but oh how we laughed...
i've recived wrong product, i fund for mighty mug go stainless but recive a plastic one. maybe i'll pay extra money to keep this one and you send the stainless one to me? please contact me, thanks.
recieved in norway nov 28. my cup works perfectly so far! testing it at my office as we speak ;)
on nov 8, i received an email with a tracking number. however, when i thought that my package was about to arrive, i receive another email on nov 14 with another track number. despite the horrible work, i decided to wait. nevertheless, i was checking the package status today when i faced the following message “incorrect address - item returned to sender” posted on nov 23. i have two questions that i hope to be answered: 1 - why none of you contacted me to resolve the problem? 2 - the first email i received has the correct address. so, why did you send me another track number with a wrong address? was this deliberate in order to delay delivery? please give me some explanation because i do not want to believe that you are so unqualified. finally, yet importantly, please send it to me as quick as possible or return the money invested.
just received my 4 pack, and i am really disappointed. firstly, i asked for two red ones and two silver ones. however i got 2 silver, 1 blue and 1 red. but wish that was the real problem... got them out of the package. the red one works fine, really has a lot of grip. one of the silver ones doesn't grip so well. however, the other silver mug and the blue mug do not grip at all! they're just like regular mugs. i will contact mighty mug for their product quality, something has clearly gone wrong.
@jerome yah it stuck really tight and you need more force to open and close it, or else you won't want to try to put it in your bag. i also find that the grip and table need to be really clean to make it works, a little more dust can also caused the function fail. don't know if it only happens on the stainless steel one.
@jerome yah it stuck really tight and you need more force to open and close it, or else you won't want to try to put it in your bag. i also find that the grip and table need to be really clean to make it works, a little more dust can also caused the function fail. don't know if it only happens on the stainless steel one.
got mine today...grip is pretty decent when it's filled, else it doesn't work very well. is it me or does the flap of the cap requires alot of force to pop open?
recived it today...italy no custom tax :)))
just received today, pay extra 7 $ to travel to the post office hq because the package is too bulky. mine is 18 oz stainless steel mm and it does not work as good as in the video. like other people complain before, it work 7 out of 10 times .
my package arrived today and they both work beautifully.  thank you.
recieved today (france) ! all is perfect ! i've tried, and it works ^_^" thanks for this great product (stainless - silver 12 oz), very useful !
jayme, i need your reply immediately... had pledged us$200 "family pack-4" which has two pieces for each color (silver, red & blue), received a mail that you already send my order, but you shipped "family pack-2" which states that there is 2silver, 1red & 1blue... already mailed you about this last nov 18 '14, but until now, no reply... this lunch fedex came with the same declared wrong quantity, i did not accept it and told fedex i will wait until you clarify & reply to my mail first...
i didn't receive my track number... i already checcked all my emails history twice... can you help me?
received incorrect quantity in my mail box today, super not impressed to not be the only one with this issue. can we get this resolved please?
had pledged "family pack-4" which has two pieces each colors (silver, red & blue), received a mail that you already send my order, but you shipped "family pack-2) which states that there is 2silver, 1red & 1blue... already mailed you about this last nov 18 '14, but until now, no reply... this lunch fedex came with the same declared wrong quantity, i did not accept it and told fedex i will wait until you clarify & reply to my mail first...
had pledged "family pack-4" which has two pieces each colors (silver, red & blue), received a mail that they already send my order, but they shipped "family pack-2) which states that there is 2silver, 1red & 1blue... already mailed them about this last nov 18 '14, but until now, no reply from them... this ku chick fedex came with the same declared wrong quantity, i did not accept it and told fedex i will wait until they clarify & reply to my mail first...
i got mine, and i love them! they work great and look great too, thanks a bunch!!
receive my track number but it doesn't work for brazil... nice! now i know that is in somewhere in my country, extremely helpful.
i just got mine today and i'm super disappointed it only worked the first time i used it. what a shame.
hilarious! today i received an email saying my mug has shipped…yet i already received the mug nearly three weeks ago!
i am having the same issue with the bottom falling off constantly! i wonder if i can glue it or something because it gets left behind. what's the point of the mug not falling over if the bottom that enables it to withstand being knocked over doesn't stay on the mug?! the end result is still a spilled drink. is this an issue with all the mugs? i am thinking of taking it to bb&b. they have great exchange/return policies even if product is not bought from them. maybe exchange mug for another type of travel mug (or 2 considering the expense!).
hi, same here, still no tracking number, no info, i don't get it..
still haven't gotten my tracking number
wow. i'm seeing a lot of similar issues here. i got tracking information 9 days ago.. and it still hasn't shipped. i sent multiple emails to them and no response. most kickstarter projects have been very responsive. my first inquiry to jayme was 2 months ago and he just recently replied with a non-answer. 3 more emails, a tracking #, and still no product or response.
i received my 2 mighty mugs several weeks ago. love mine, but the 2nd one the bottom fell out of the mug. how can i exchange the mug? this is my 2nd posting of this with no response back.
stan stan stan... the issue is more than just not sticking all the time and the lack of tracking numbers . not even his updates were truthful. there are serious customer services issues, other function and/or rust issues and the fact that jayme screwed most of us on the price of the mugs. all of us who got the mighty mug go mugs paid an additional $10 per mug over the cost of what they are available at for sale in bbb stores. i am sure that if he had told us that we would be paying a premium over regular customers, he would not have had nearly as many investors. if you and/or other people don't care about a fully functional mug then you are settling for schlock. me, i like to get what i pay for... my two cents as well.
people people people....after i reread the original project that was posted on kickstarter i have to say there is a line in the fine print that says they had already created a mightymug last year and they were trying to expand and the money raised would be to just that.  in return you get a mug.  you could have gotten one without supporting this kickstarter project at all.  i received my 12 oz. stainless steel mug in the mail a few weeks ago.  was never given a tracking number, it just showed up at my doorstep one day.  after trying it out, it would only 'stick' to any surface less than half the time.  i was mad and thought to my self oh well i just spent $25 on a mug that at least looks nice on the table or in my car.  after further review i turned my mug upside down and this is what i did...take your thumb and put it over the hole in the middle of the rubber and push it in.  this has seemed to push out any air that might have been trapped inside the rubbery part.  i turned the mug right side up and what do you know...it sticks to any surface now...even to my computer screen like they showed in the video they posted on kickstarter.  for those of you having the same problem i was having...try it and see what happens....just my two cents worth...what do you have to loose.
received a project update via email stating that all packages are out, but then he's been saying that since oct 22. my delivery address is jersey city and i still don't even have a tracking number yet. the fact that jayme doesn't reply to anyone and that we can buy it now at bbb at a cheaper price makes it even more frustrating. @terrence shih that's terrible and dangerous. i hope you asked for a refund or at least an exchange.
@kai thanks, i knew that and stop using it. i just want to remind others to check the inside. actually, i've given up this mug and this creator...
@trung to to: yes!
@alx0363  you mean this : "the u.s. postal service was electronically notified on november 14, 2014 to expect this package for mailing. this message does not indicate receipt by the usps or the actual mailing date. please be advised tracking is not available for this product. information, if available, is updated periodically throughout the day. please check again later."
recived tracking number but after 3 days the check on usps site continue to be unshipped.......
hi, i don't know if here is the better way to contact you but i will try. i already have received three tracking numbers of shipping and i still don't know what is the right and all tracking number doesn't show none information. the last i received was the wrong order. so, what can you do? thank you and have nice day. best regards.
@terrence that should be harmful to your body indeed, you better stop using the mug. but stainless steal shouldn't have any rust for just used for 3 days, doesn't make sense at sll
why do you give me the tracking number that is not traceable? i mean seriously? then what's the point of sending me the tracking number???
my mug got a lot of rust spots at the inside bottom after using it 3 days in normal condition... like others, he never replied this. check your mug after several days, i don't think the rust spots are healthy
i think that your bank would have to ok things before you just refuse the package though...
@elizabeth.  i sent multiple emails to jayme when the deadline passed for delivery. he never responded. i called my bank, reported the lack of response, the non delivery of the mugs or even tracking information. they asked me if i wanted them even if they were later shipped and i told them no. they immediately credited my account and told me to refuse delivery. i emailed jayme twice after that and again he never responded to me. of course, different banks have different rules about refunds. they gave me a temporary refund. i sent them copies of my emails and gave them access to the comments listed here. when they reviewed them, the full refund was credited to my account.
@earl. wow. how do you get your money back if you refuse them?
well, mine finally got here yesterday. refused delivery and sent them back.
i already received 3 tracking numbers so far. all to the same address (which is correct, yay) but still no mug. i am not sure what is going on right now, and i really believe neither does jayme... the waiting goes on!
same here. i've received my tracking number. guess it'll take quite some time before the mug reaches me.
i received m y tracking number today
hello, mighty mug team, i haven't received yet my tracking code. could you please give me some information?  thank you
@dan. lmao. and 60% of the time i can cross the street without getting run over.  ;-)
60 percent of the time, it works every time
just because you are happy with your mug about 90% don't expect the rest us to settle for a shoddy product. since when is not being happy with construction or functionality of a product called bitching? everyone here paid more than list price and, i don't know about you, when i pay for something i expect it to be 100% correct and functioning. i went to bbb the other day and bought one stainless steel go mug for $24.99 (i pledged $140 through kickstarter for 4 mugs. that is $35 per mug). the first time that i used it, the mug came right off the table. the problem was that the base was still attached to the table! needless to say that piece of crap went back. i, for one, am not keeping something that is inferior. that being said,  i have yet to get a tracking number or mugs. i have contacted my bank and my money has already been returned to me. the post office has been notified that the package, if it is ever sent, is to be refused and sent back. i am done with mighty mug in particular and kickstarter in general. jayme doesn't care so why should we?  if you are not happy, do something about it. don't settle for crap!!
still waiting for my tracking number (international order). i've tried contacting them but got no reply so far :(
i received my tracking number and my address is, for the most part, correct. it reads: calle qu�_micos # 104 i guess the í got lost in translation. also my tracking number is not working. what's up with that?
the second shipping is not at the right address, you shipped (once again) at : 410 boul charest e suite 430 vila valpara�_so, sp 09060-050 ca first line is good, second one is out of nowhere.  i live in quebec qc g1k 8g3 canada. how come everything is so complicated ?
okay i guess feedback is a good thing but people bitching is totally not called for. there are always going to be a few glitches here and there. i got my mug saturday and am 90% happy with it. i haven't seen anything like it on the market. my feedback concerns the "sticking" function of the mug. from my observations i have determined that when the suction device gets cold it doesn't function as well as it should. with ice water in the mug i have to tip it a couple of times before it sticks. once it does the mug is fine. pour ice out and let it get to room temp works like a champ every time. is it perfect? no but i am happy and if it takes a couple tries to get my ice tea to stick i can live with it. maybe a softer rubber or different insulation would help. 4 out of 5 stars.
i was in canadian tire about a month ago, they have the mighty  mug for $20 dollars.. i'm $35 in and received my 2nd tracking number to wanchai, ca ... uhh ... thought you guys were going to have the address' fixed in the next batch ... i get that you're inundated with orders but kick start is a campaign to kick start a new idea, not something that is already in distribution to the local department store for less price and immediate availability.... shame on you.
waiting much longer than they have said and for $10 more than other locations i really wanted the product to be great and do its job. i received my cups today (mind you i never got a tracking number) and opened it up. both of the mugs didn't work right away but since it was 37 degrees and it sat outsize for hours i let them warm up hoping they would stick.... they have worked maybe worked 20% of the time and the rest of the time tip over. this is on hard non porous surfaces and with the lights tap it falls over. i am so glad i bought a $35 cup that doesn't do what it should and i still overpaid if it did work. jayme mugged us all and took of money for something that does not work.
i received my stainless steel mighty mug this week and was all excited to use it.  it grips just fine.  however, it leaks!!!  actually any liquid just pours out the top!  i wish i could post a video.  grrrr!!!!
i don't want to be repeating what's already on here, but regarding the international tracking numbers - this kind of implies that i should have already received an email last friday... this has not happened. what about those that have received no communication regarding despatch whatsoever?
wow. i am wildly surprised with the amount of comments about issues with the product. that's pretty disappointing. :-(.   also , i have not seen a tracking number or my mugs. :-(
got my stainless steel mug 5 days ago..it tips over more than half the time...im very disappointed in this and would like to have mine replaced...how do i go about this???
got my mightymug and couldn't be happier!  go to starbucks and ask them to fill it, then place it on the counter.  their expressions are priceless!
i have yet to receive my tracking number as well, what should i do to get it?
@jorge sadly the only people who can help you are pretty much denying any assistance to anyone :(
i haven't receive my tracking number neither :( can someone help me?
please! i received the tracking code, but the address is wrong !! is marked state of recife, são paulo is correct !!
i received my mug yesterday, and one of them is faulty, the smart grip is not gripping
where's my tracking number butt licker?
i received both my mighty mugs on saturday. love mine, but the one i gave my girlfriend came apart. how can i exchange the mug?
have not received a tracking number and it has been almost a week since you sent the update stating we would have a tracking #...what's up?
no tracking number here also
@leonardo: you where not the only one with a wrong shipping address ... i hope they fix this... :(
oh my god, just got my tracking number and it was addressed to the wrong place, wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
still no sign of tracking number nor respond from either kick starter support and project developer
i received  my mug yesterday.
anyone else get the stainless steel mug and not be able to pour water (or whatever liquid) out of the the lid? like even when hold the mug upside down nothing comes out, anyone else get this problem?
i got mine today.  it is what i ordered.  jayme asks that we watch out for what will follow.  i just want to assure him that i, for one, will. a.  i will not say don't buy--rather, don't buy via ks. b.  i will do this until he gives a full explanation and apology for the half-truths he used to misrepresent this campaign.   notice, i am not asking for a refund.  i made my bed, and i will lay in it.  when we support a campaign, that is our role--provide funds for new ideas.  but the responsibility of the creator is to ensure that he plays his part fully and honestly.  in this aspect, jayme has failed miserably. good product.  bad ceo.
i live 30 minutes from brooklyn and i haven't gotten my mug yet nor a tracking number... this is utterly disappointing. i should just stop by and pick it up. it would be faster and i would get a refund for no shipping :p
no tracking number or mugs here. looks like jayme's and mighty mugs customer service skills haven't improved at all. i sent an email to jayme several days ago and he hasn't answered that either. no big surprise there...
i did receive my tracking number a few hours ago. hopefully the rest of you will too. probably it is dependent on the order number, but that´s just a guess.
no tracking number here also
no tracking number or mug for me either
i live in the us and have not received a number as well.
i live in the us and still haven't received my tracking number. my neighbor got their actual mug last friday. has anyone else not received a tracking number??
i live in the us and still haven't received my tracking number. my neighbor got their actual mug last friday. has anyone else not received a tracking number??
well, i received my mug.
any other international backers still waiting for a tracking number?
just got my stainless steal mighty mug in the mail. works amazingly well, fit and finish are great. much success to the designers. note; patients is a virtue. if you need something today, go to walmart not kick starter. thank you mighty mug
to sum up this project: - pay 2 times the retail price  - pay 2 month early  - 1 week after the developer's deadline, still no sign of tracking number - kick stater doesn't give a shit  - project developers didnt bother to answer backer's questions. worst experience ever concluded : will never ever do any thing like this ... ever!
i just visited my local coffee chain here in hong kong called "pacific coffee", lo and behold i was surprised to find several versions of the "mighty mug" on sale.  what's going on here?  how come i can get these locally?  are these made by you guys?  are these counterfeits or is your project that is counterfeit?  if they are made by you guys, why is it that non-kickstarters got it first?  what is going on?
thank you guys, i just got mine and this is the best mug yet!
unfortunately my stainless steel mug tips right over.  i got a dud.  does look nice though.
i'm much less upset now that i have the product.
i have to agree with early reviews coming in.  my solo stainless is a nice mug.  the tip proof feature works better than i thought would be possible.  i can not recommend this project as a kickstarter, but the mug itself is good enough that i will now probably buy a few more from bbb.  i guess if you have a good enough product you don't need good customer service.
received my stainless steel mug. it might have been over priced but is nothing short of impressive. already recommended it to a bunch of friends and family members to go get it from bbb for $24.99 minus a 20% bbb single item store coupon.
if there's any consolation, i visited bbb frequently the last few weeks because i saw they had a sign up for the stainless solo (which i ordered 2x from here).  however they were never in stock for that item.  after checking the computer system, they were not in stock at any of the stores in ontario, canada (except one). they all had the order put in (about 10-12 per store) but none have arrived yet.  unfortunately the price difference still stings (22.99 vs 35 on ks)
just got mine today...very nice so far
@rebecca, i have a bbb nearby, so no shipping, etc.  :)
i just received my solo stainless in philly.
just think of the repeat and word of mouth business he could have had with just a little communication?!
the last update finally inform us that start shipping. hope it's true and end this terrible backer experience...26 projects backed and only 2 has this absence of respect for the backers (very strange...both are mug).
@lee_733 - great comment. totally agree that communication was lackluster and disappointing. i'm still proud to be a backer for a cool idea, but the way they handled the communication does taint the experience and make me way less likely to want to back their projects in the future (close to nonexistent).
many people have made great arguements either in support or disgust of this project/creator. while both sides make some valid points on pricing and shipment priority / retail availability, there is one point that is undeniable to anyone: the communication was completely nonexistant and the project creator showed utter disregard to any comments and concerns from us backers. furthermore, many people have pointed out that the creator's account was active and logged in almost every day, yet no response at all! not even once has he even attempted to address the issues asked by a ton of his backers.. not even with some lame bs excuse. i've never seen a project with such poor communication.
@paul - are you including shipping costs (it is an online purchase - and unless you spend $50 at bbb then you're paying $5.99 for shipping + tax)? for my pledge, it's less than i would have paid online at bbb. also, does anyone know what it costs to ship internationally or to mass ship the products to the office to be packaged? between customs, taxes, duties, freight, and delivery services i seriously doubt they are rolling in the dough with the few extra bucks you paid. also, mighty mug could have seen enormous interest before the project ended and decided to go ahead and make deals with retailers and start producing. there are no rules against this. you have no idea what the terms of the deals are for the retailers either, or if the retails expedited shipping or helped them pass customs faster. sure, they could have communicated more often and maybe they could have offered a better discount, but again, that's not the point of kickstarter. ks a way to get funding for ideas (even if they already exist) to see if it's worth pursuing in mass production. it’s not for "deals", it's for funding and gauging interest. there are no rules that say you can't sell the product for less at retails, or get it there faster with one shipping label than shipping 2000+ packages individually to backers (it’s not the best practice, but i wouldn’t call it unethical). if people aren't comfortable with that, then they shouldn't back projects. i’m proud to say that i’m a backer of the project and that i help it get to stores by showing my interest and backing the project. so yes, i’m ok that i paid a little more.
i totally have to go with paul on this one. i don't really care that they are late with delivery, in fact i backed a few projects which were late and it had no influence on my feelings about those project, simply because the creators just communicated their problems they experienced while processing delivery or production. but the facts under which jayme is late with delivery is what makes this project such a special case. the product already existed, communication was not being upheld and the price is higher than the retail price. this is not acceptable and i understand every single one in here who is unhappy or even frustrated at the moment.
does this product exist in canadian market yet? i mean the stainless steel version
*sorry*
dirty, and one more thing: bbb always has 20 percent off coupons.  so, 20 percent off 25.00usd is much better than the offer jayme is sending you.
by the way, jayme, if you are going to overcharge me, it had better be the stainless steel one--and not the cheap plastic mug.  at least please deliver what we overpaid for.  thank you.
@rebecca, thanks for your thoughts.  my dissatisfaction with this project comes down to one question: would you have supported this project if he had told you that he would deliver it to bbb first and at a lesser cost?   i am not trying to draw you into a debate.  i'm just pointing out that jayme did not play this straight with me--and dare i say, you.  i would respect your disagreement, and give you the last word.
of course you don't. you were such a big spender with one solo mug! many of us had much more on the line than you. updates were scarce, communication with jayme was almost non existent and some of us are being screwed over by paying more than list price. the majority of us have not gotten our product or tracking information. i, for one, am paying $35 per go mug and the price at bed bath & beyond is $24.99. there is plenty of reason for negativity! you really should know your facts before you weigh in.
i'm in the us and i received my mug (solo) on tuesday and a 20% off coupon for being a backer. not sure what all the negativity is about, i'm used to ks projects being late (and it's only 5 days late - it doesn't say shipping oct 1st it says estimated delivery in october). considering they were x10 over their original goal there are all kinds of complications with manufacturing that many additional units (as i've seen with other ks projects). plus, just because they funded with ks doesn't mean they can't (or couldn't have) setup agreements with other companies to sell their projects before the project ended. there's no agreement that ks is the only way you can initially get your product to market. and those other companies might have resources that could have expedited the product's arrival.
i have been waiting for a reply from jayme since october 5th.
people face it, kickstarter doesn't care once they get their cut and jayme sure as shit couldn't care less about the backers. if he did he would not have gauged us all for more money than people shopping at bbb will pay. go to your credit card companies. if enough people get their card companies to refund then maybe kickstarter will blacklist jayme on future funding ventures. personally i am telling everyone that will listen and posting on media outlets what a scumbag jayme is to avoid buying his product at all costs. to bad, i saw the mug before backing it and i liked it enough to pledge $140. i have my refund in hand and i am done with mighty mug in general and kickstarter in total...
if 2,000+ people go on amazon & bbb to complain about this product, i would believe that they will react due to the fact that it affect the sale on this product. i will look for updates on this page, should we begin to do this. in addition, does anyone live in brooklyn who can pay jayme a visit?
this is the second sour project i've backed in under a year.  this is so frustrating, i can't even express it in words. it seems that kickstarter's policy is to completely wash their hands of situations like this once the funding is sucessful, and they collect their project fees.  if this wasn't a "kickstarter staff pick!," i would have never seen this, nor backed it in the first place.  i feel like they are still partially responsible, even if their policies and documentation say otherwise. to that point, this isn't kickstarter's fault that the backer broke campaign rules, and made backers pay quite a bit more than he intended to retail these for.  that, jayme, is a terrible business model, and a great way to piss off 2100+ people.
what would bbb do about 2000+ complaints about mighty mug business practices? just wonder…
as a first time ks backer, i am disappointed to hear that my first project has become the bad apple in the bunch. i have read all the comments and even read ks's terms to see if something can be done to receive some justice here. i find it discouraging that ks doesn't have some failsafe in place to protect us from people like jayme. a project can get funded but what protection is there for us after the funding is completed? shouldn't ks be monitoring these projects to ensure that their promises are fulfilled to us backers? i won't lie, i saw a mug like mighty mug on amazon & bbb after backing this project but i figured it was some ripoff of might mug and didn't think anything of it. now that i see that it is mighty mug, i feel torn. i don't know if i should buy it from bbb and double paying for something i should have already gotten or just getting my money back somehow and forgetting all about it. i saw that some people reported the charges to their credit card companies are getting refunds. i will be doing this as well as reporting this project and getting together with amazon payments to see if they can help me out with the refund. if anyone has any other suggestions as to what we "first-time ks backers" can do to get a refund or some justice, please feel free to let us know. hope this works out for all of us.
i changed my mind and decided that i was done waiting. i just got off the phone with  my credit card bank and my account has already been credited the $140 that i pledged for four travel mugs. my wife is calling tonight to report her pledge as fraudulent as well. i strongly suggest that everyone who is tired of putting up with his crap to do likewise. you are only as good as your customer service and jayme, your customer service sucks!
i am giving them until friday to deliver my mugs. if they have not arrived by then, i am calling my credit card bank and reporting them as a fraudulent charge. no word from jayme and no action from kickstarter equals crappy experience. i am done with both.
hey steve, did you get yours from your pledge or did you get them from bbb?
i plan to wait another week or so, but certainly, like the rest of you, i am not happy.  it saddens me that a person such as this spoils things for all other developers within kickstart.   i have backed some projects and am still waiting for delivery on some.  one i have had a very successful experience and am thrilled to have the reward and to have helped to get his project launched.   i will continue to support kickstarted and the developers, however this person is off my list, permanently.
@elizabeth i don't see why bed bath and beyond would care (and neither would i, when i was in their position). they did nothing wrong and i would be surprised if they acutally knew about this ks-campaign (and even if they did, so what). so complaining to them won't achieve anything and they would be the wrong target of our frustration :) regarding the reports of this project to kickstarter before it ended and ks's lack of initiative just fit the whole problem of mis- or better non-existent-communication we are experiencing right now. right now i am not sure if there is anything we can do to solve this issue since every official part in this situation seems to be deaf to our complaints.
@ andreas. many people complained to kickstarter before the project ended and they did nothing. :-(
hmmmmmm. maybe we complain to corporate bed bath and beyond?
but i also saw them at bed bath and beyond. the bigger size was cheaper than what i paid for the kickstarter. :-(
got mine yesterday.
that pretty says it all. he probably read all our comments and then decided to not make any comments or clarifications of his own. hey jayme, part of successful marketing is word of mouth fro satisfied customers. you have directly alienated 2,149 consumers here on kickstarter. many of us being very vocal with other people about not buying any of your products.  personally, i am telling anybody that i can not to support mighty mug in any way, shape or form. i am also seriously annoyed by kickstarter's lack of response to this clear breach of contract. i think that this crappy experience will sour any future kickstarter projects for me and my family. i talked to my credit card bank last night and they are issuing me a credit for my $140 pledge. my wife's bank is also issuing a credit for the $80 that she pledged. bye bye mighty mug!
i requested the refund to amazon payments and they returned an email saying that notified the seller (alfay designs) and now they will wait just more 10 business days for a sellers answer before proceed with the refund.
the creator last logged in on the 4th of this month
i am not sure if kickstarter is aware of how much this project is damaging the reputation of kickstarter and not only the creator's. this is the 10th project i backed so far and until this time i did not experience any significant problems with any of those projects. so this project won't destroy kickstarter for me. but when i read the comments in here, about people saying they won't ever use this platform again, it seems that people like jayme really hurt kickstarter. i won't assume anything regarding the actions the staff is taking in this case, but the complete lack of communication from anyone (except you guys of course ;) ) is really sad. even though we are pretty helpless at the moment paul lee is right, i don't see jayme ever doing a successfull kickstarter campaign again as long as we are aware of it. looks like this is our only consolation.
hard for me to believe that creator doesnt see our comments, so he just decides to ignore us and drag us along for the ride??? i wont be surprised if he decides that he wont ship us anything at the end.
@flavio, same here...if they can't send the mug before december, i have to change my address :(
this was a staff pick.   lol.  good job, staff!
still no word. if i haven't heard from them by the end of the week i am reporting this to my bank as fraud. i saw them at the world makers faire in new york in september and liked them a lot. i sent an email to jayme last saturday and have not heard word one from him. i am done waiting for this arrogant money grubbing greedy prick! never again will i back a project by him and i refuse to spend a dime on this company's products!
i need this before december because i will move to another country!!
what's the latest before i can claim for a bank fraud? i will give them 20 more days.
here in brazil it's is considered a cybercrime.
wow, ok, i didnt think it would be here in canada yet but our bbb has them too http://www.bedbathandbeyond.ca/store/product/mighty-mug-reg-go-18-oz-travel-mug/3256018… i am very very dissapointed with this campaign.
it is pretty unbelievable that they would rather send it to a store before sending out our products as we are the ones who supported them and gave them the funds to manufacture the product.  i gave a good amount of money for just two mugs and still haven't received them. this product makes kickstarter a lie and doesn't do the site a justice. thanks a lot mighty mug!
@edgar, believe me--it's there.  i bought one, and am using it regularly.
just got mine
if you haven't got it imagine my hope as i'm in australia... let's aim for den ... probably shipped directly  by bbb�
i have withheld comment on this project as i've never seen the exact product i ordered (solo stainless) available at retail.  sadly, i found this on bbb today:   http://www.bedbathandbeyond.com/store/product/mighty-mug-reg-solo-12-oz-travel-mug/1042778677….   as mentioned by everyone else, it adds insult to injury that it's not only available before i get my reward, but also for $5 less.  this project is against kickstarter rules, and also against the spirit of kickstarter.  i think our only recourse is to make sure any future products by this creator fail. that is my reason for posting this.
i posted on their twitter about this, others could too. https://twitter.com/mightymugs
i just called (732)382-3911 and was told they are starting to ship out kickstarts now.  but they could not answer why it cost more here and why the store already have them.  i'm just going to call my bank and have them refund as fraud since they did not deliver on time and have not talked to any of us
marco tried that and was told to call my bank because the could not refund me
i requested the payment refund to amazon payments. i recommend you to do the same because there is a date limit to do this.
how do i get a refund?
project reported. waiting my refund. thanks.
considering how they are on the shelves for less than our pledge and we still haven't received ours yet, please issue me a refund.  it's a shame that you used the backers on kickstsrter to fund your product so that you could then place them on the shelves in stores.  seems like you forgot where your funding came from.  again,  please issue me a refund.
got mine by going to bbb they have a whole shelf of them for 24.99 and 19.99 for the water
anyone received their mug(s) yet? or a tracking number? - rob
the funny part about this is he's got to have inventory as he's providing bbb , so why not just supply us??
hi there, any news / update to give us ? we're in november now... thanks alain
i submitted a dispute to my cc company to hopefully get a refund. don't have high hopes they'll be sympathetic about a fraudulent kickstarter campaign. i don't care how good this mug is i wouldn't spend a penny on thus company again and will be telling everyone to stay away. jayme has turned me off from kickstarter as well. spoiled the brew for honest people out there. selfish greedy prick!
don't let this icky project keep you away. many projects are great. i've gotten 5 outta 5 on time so far.
this is my first time backed a successfully funded project, and it end up like this, i think i will just keep away from kickerstarter from now
i doubt we will get refunds
kick stater support states that if they do not send out the product by the end of october, they are breaking the rule and we can ask for refund.
to everyone saying they want a refund.... kickstarter can't issue any refunds and won't do anything after a project has been successfully funded. ( stated in their terms and conditions) so the only real way to get a refund if directly from mighty mug.... which seems kinda impossible at this moment since no one can actually contact them. not that i'm on might mugs side on this. just tying to inform people that getting a refund isn't exactly as easy as typing in the comments " i want a refund "
@earl don't let this crappy creator wreck the rest of ks for you. there are some amazing things that can happen on this site and real honest creators that are vested in their projects, and determined to communicate with full transparency and collaborate with their backers for the best possible end result. in my 60 projects backed so far, this has been the only one where the creator turned out like this.
well, today was the last day of october and still no shipment updates. i am expecting my credit card statement with my pledge of $140 included on it. monday i will be calling the credit card company and disputing the charges. this has put a bad taste in my mouth. i am so over mighty mug!! never again will i fund anything on kickstarter...
i would also like a refund. shipment was *repeatedly* promised for october, and communication frequency/detail has been unacceptable for a miss on the schedule like this. this was supposed to be a birthday gift, but now it is too late. refund, please.
honestly he never said there were any risks involved he just said if we paid we would receive and if he doesn't keep he's end up there could be a lawsuit
give me back my 100usd, i'm tired of looking on this page for any update everyday and **** your mom everynight before i sleep already
and, i add, go to your local bbb and buy the "new" product for less and ahead of time.  or order it online at amazon.  for less.  again, product--good, creator--needs to work on life skills.
others have already reported this.  i think the far more effective route is to assure the creator that this will be his last free ride on ks.  this guys will want to try something like this again in about a year.  that is when we will be most effective.  sign up for a dollar, then let others know that the creator has a history of scamming his supporters.
where do we go to report the project?
didn't know we could get refunds.
after 1 full month waiting, not a single message of any possible shipping or production update and keep ignoring everyone's question . i decided to report this project to kickstarter, and get my refund back.
hey man i'm 1 of the 2.149 people that trust in u and in your idea.... can stop to ignore us and at least tell us the status of your project. thanks alex
also frustrating that it shows he has logged in everyday and still ignores us.
by now i really feel like they are just trying to sit it out, believing as soon as everybody gets their mug it will all go away. actually i am at a point where i would take a refund anytime over the mug. really dissapointed with how things are handled here, especially since i backed a few other projects and whenever something did not go as planned the creators just communicated their problems and almost every backer was happy with it. not sure what the creator's motives are, but by now i am pretty sure he does not care about kickstarter and the backers at all. i really agree with all those people here saying that they would never back a project of this creator again. there should be something like a rating system for creators on kickstarter, so backers could be given a form of indicatior on how reliable a creator is, when it comes to his/her projects.
i don't care about the price or bbb things anymore. i want my mugs, where is my tracking number!!!!
im surprised that the creator is not coming out and try to explain the situation to the backers. i would never ever back anything from this guy again. it is not about the money but the way how everything is handled just putting a bad taste in my mouth.
october ends in 4 days, and i haven't gotten a tracking code yet
*n2 smart pen*
a tale of two projects: mighty mugs and the n2 storm. both obviously were well along the dev cycle, and both came to ks for both start up funds and a but of exposure. difference is that the n2 guys are up front and even picked up their pace of communication once the funding cycle closed! moreover, they even hand delivered a couple of units early for both the splash factor and for their advertising purposes. and btw, they're running this campaign from australia. which brings me to what i have to say about mighty mugs. it's a lesser project (far less complicated than a smart pen) run by a far less complicated person.
@matheus capovilla  since the beginning they did not state clearly their responsibility. they just say, " hey people, we will delivery that cup with this price "  they did their part as a heartless entrepreneur. they dont want to run around begging big co-operation to fund their project. so they choose kick stater.  they got us to think that we are their priority customers ( because clearly that is what kick stater is all about )
mighty mug owes us the price difference. really bad business but i get that the creator can make millions. little upset we have to wait for product
i think the worst part is that several people reported this to kickstarter while the project was still active and they did nothing.
just think about that: kickstart usually is used to help new entrepeneurs to be able to start a production line of his product. so, as far as i get this logic, before kickstarter funding, theres no production line. so, to reach that goal, it is promised a product or something like that to the people who back the project. being that way, the production line starting after the end of kickstarter's time, the ones who should get those products first are the people who helped funding the project, so it should be us. more than that, the profit applied to those products (which was thought in a way to help the entrepeneur and the backer) shouldn't be as much as the profit of the corporation and the retailler combined. you see, 25 bucks being charged at bbb already contains "mighty mug co" profit and bbb profit. my point is, the mugs got to bbb to be resold at an even lower price! and a little bit further than that, bbb shouldn't already have the product to resell, once that hypothetically mighty mig didn't have a production line befor kickstarter. but they did! then why in the hell did they started this kickstarter project?
sorry for speaking out of line for everyone else.  i would like an explanation.
jayme, most of us would simply like an explanation as to what happened.
how can we get a refund. this is ridiculous.
@dan. the ice version is for sale at bbb now too.
@matheus thanks for sharing that link.  now i'm irritated. paid 35 bucks for the 18oz stainless and it's at bbb for 25 before we get them. this creator can take a hike. i wish i could get my money back.
cool, 25 bucks on bbb and i've paid $57. with that price i'd almost be able to get another stainless steel solo mug and pay the shipping. just to inform that, the solo is only 20 dollars!! http://www.bedbathandbeyond.com/store/product/mighty-mug-reg-go-18-oz-travel-mug/3256018…
the creator has been completely silent, 1 comment on his history. he does not respond to pm's. this inspires zero confidence, and i will never back another project by him again. don't forget though, this campaign was to launch the new stainless steel and ice versions. the plastic ones are available as rewards for backing and are already available at multiple retail locations worldwide.
where can i ask for refund ?
http://www.bedbathandbeyond.com/store/product/mighty-mug-go-16-ounce-travel-mug/3246081 anyone ?? just $19.99
let's just say that i will be looking for any future projects from this creator, but not for the usual reasons i do so.  i have supported 60+ projects and this is not the worst by far. however, this has been one of the more unscrupulous--at least it seems that way right now. for instance, i plan to say something like: "be forewarned, this creator has a history of selling his projects to vendors ahead of fulfillment for a lower price than the ks price!!!. you may get a better deal quicker just by shopping at your local bbb or even on amazon." be that as it may, the mug does work well. too bad the creator will be leaving a lot of supporters with such a bad taste in our mouths. i would love to be proven wrong. i would love to issue an apology due to an explanation from the creator.
so i see that you posted an update but failed completely addressing all of our concerns as far as price goes and why the heck are we paying more for something that we have to wait to get?  jayme you are slacking please give us some feedback.
in singapore, they are selling this mud for 23 usd too and it is available right now. meanwhile, i have to pay more than double the price to get it week later ... this is by far, the worst kick starter i ever been too
so disappointed, even in hong kong this mug already available in many retailers' online shop, even in starbucks  and city's super which costed around 23usd only. but we still need to wait for a timeline this week with a more expensive price backed, without any explains about this retailers pbm.
i see the update now. i really feel taken advantage of. if this item is already in a retail store, why was this kickstarter allowed?  i know it was reported by people but still went through. i'm sorry i backed this and wish i was getting my money back and not their product. misleading backers is not what this site is about.
@earl. where did you get that news?
just a heads up as well. this product is available in bed bath and beyond already, so we will receive them, just after everyone can buy one from retailers
i just want to change the shipping address how can i do that?
just got my update. shipping to start this week!!
i live in the uk and i can see that mighty mug is available on amazon. shouldn't backers have received these before the likes of amazon?
first thing that i've backed ind kickstarter and ive had no responde at all! this is outrageous!
no.   i'm starting to feel like they stole our investment and disappeared...  this is by far the worse project i've back.  terrible.
has anyone recieve any respond from developers ?
has waited for a month and still no single message about the possible shipping date or shipping confirmation.....
great, i've paid $57 for the mug (with s&h) and there are people paying $25!! haha thats for sure the last time that i back something in kickstarter... thanks for the disappointment...
i emailed him on friday. on saturday he replied by telling me that mugs will start to ship at the end on october. i am keeping my fingers crossed that i get mine very soon after that...
so, i'm assuming nobody has received their mugs yet?
phone number for the business as well (732)382-3911
so i have been fed up with the lack of communication and the bbb selling issue. i just sent jayme an email about the problem and hope that i get a response. you can email him at jayme@alfaydesigns.com . maybe if we all email him we will get our response.
@elizabeth, hope you chuckle, but let me assure you that the mugs do work, and they work very well!  hey, i sound like a shill for mighty mug!  i don't mind because aside from the whole bbb issue, it's really well done.  this might be a limited run they did to ramp up, but if it was, then i'd just want the creator to just come out and tell us.
well we will find out in about one or two more weeks if we are getting sent these mugs, "bottom of details said 4-6 weeks after completion of ks mugs will be shipped."
i'm really hating all this. i had a dream last nite that i finally got the mug and it didn't work!  ugh. lol
i think something is wrong.... how does is possible that bbb is selling a stainless cup that is not present on the productor website?
a funny resolution for some of us would be for us to be able to pick one up at our local bbb.  really, i would not mind.  but i think these guys are too scared to state to obvious: they got caught with their pants down, and they do not want to make something good out of something bad--because it would embarrass them too much.
@elizabeth, i sent them a message, but no answer.  nor has ks said anything back to me.
has anyone sent private messages and gotten a response?
tracking number please
hello there! i see that a lot of people is asking about the tracking number because there has been no update for a while. i am also waiting for it, i live in brazil and i wish there was some concern on updating us on the status of the sending. i filled the survey and i am also expecting an update or else we should at least get our money refunded by kickstarter!
i spent $ 57 usd for this mud, still havent received any update, tracking number or the package itself. people can just walk right into the mall and buy it for $ 25 usd right now . are they fucking with us ?
oh, and the fact that jayme signed in yesterday and still didn't address any concerns or questions is just plain frustrating!!
i walked around two bbb and couldn't find the mighty mug. i guess next time i go i'll actually ask someone lol. at this point i suppose it doesn't matter if they do sell them but it would be really nice if the silence was broken. even if we funded their bbb order, we still paid. how many of us will recommend any other projects by this group? and how many of us will tell our friends about this "amazing" product with such a terrible "taste" in our mouths???
@eliazabeth, i think you put your finger on the point that i've been missing.  it almost seems like they used the ks money to front the set-up costs for their bbb production!  or, bbb has an exclusive deal with them that lasts for the first two months of production, then they will ship this out to their supporters.
you'd think that if they already are selling the product we could get them faster …
i didn't, still waiting for a tracking number..
has anyone received this yet?
bump on the bbb issue...
can you please let us know what's going on with shippping
once again, i reiterate that the mugs work great.
yes.  i paid 25usd for my stainless steel 18oz.
is that true? the retail price is $10 lower?
tracking number please ¬.¬
i just want to know when we will be getting them? do we get a tracking number?
really curious about the whole bbb selling thing.  i'm sure others like myself would greatly appreciated if the creator could shed some light on this issue.  jayme are you there?
i would like to receive a tracking number for my package. d:
please i need to know when i receive my package and tracking number
sadly, i've done so.  the mugs work great (although i have to return mine since it is not sticking to the table).  the coffee stays very warm for quite some time.
think you should report them
so here it is...the 18oz stainless steel mighty mug in all of its $25.00 retail glory.  notice, also, the new mouthpiece design.  so, either someone is selling them knockoffs, in which case bbb is in trouble, or mighty mug needs to explain right quick why these mugs are out in the wild.  for 10 bucks less.
https://twitter.com/pskl/status/520062634331500544 hmmm... stainless steel...
also, i will not be returning the plastic mug, since my wife likes it.  grrr...that rap music.
sorry--been too busy.  but, i will be making a glorious return to bbb tonight.  i think this is what's happened.  unless i find a stainless steel mug, the basic tech (keeps hot 6plus, etc) has already been rolled out via plastic mugs and sold to bbb.  this project was to create a splash for the stainless steel mugs.  the box that the plastic one came in has the stainless steel in bw--something i missed when i picked it up.  the implication in the video was that the 6plus hot etc was part of some new feature, when it was simply a more upscale cover that they are rolling out.  my guess.  anyhoo, off to the showers (post bike ride) then to...bbb.
so paul what did you find? and i hoping its only the plastic ones bc i'd be very disappointed if they overcharged the supporters.  and im 100 ;)
okay, so i looked a bit more carefully and realized what the difference is.  namely, the new mugs are made of stainless steel.  but, i think i saw a stainless steel one back at the bbb.  i will return this unit tomorrow and see if i can pick that one up.  btw, the thing works perfectly well.  seriously, kudos for a nice product.
jayme, please explain to us why i was able to... 1.  buy one. 2.  for 10 dollars less. note, i am still willing to support you.  i am not the type to demands refunds, etc.  give me a good explanation, and i will continue with my support and not ask my bank for a refund.  nor will i even report you to ks.  but if you do not explain why you are misrepresenting this project, then i will take actions to maintain the integrity of this process.
https://twitter.com/pskl/status/519324555056140289 we've got problems...
i am going to my local bbb and see if i can pick up the 24 ounce one that they list as available for $25.00.  if this is the exact same item, i will request a refund or a pretty quick explanation.  brb.
the retail is only selling plastic cups
yeah that's a bit messed up that the supporters of the mighty mug are paying more than retail.  why even bother supporting if it's not a mutual benefit.
does anyone know how to select a color other than silver for a single stainless steel mug?  thank you!
does anyone know how long until i can drink my coffee in style?!?!?
first, thanks for crediting brazil! we, as brazilians, really appreciate it! second, is there a way i can track my shipment?
i am having a hard time on colour select...what should i do???
ps: stay mighty!
i was backing their new products and company.  i have found jayme's communications to be great, he got right back to me when i had some questions/concerns.  i had bought one "mug" that was not designed as well for cleaning.  they immediately asked me to send in for replacement, which i will do.  i have owned two of the plastic versions which have served me well! no spills, durable, and easy to clean.  the only complaint is that people are so impressed with my mug that if i leave them around they never get returned! i have accepted that both mugs were meant to be with new owners and hope they enjoy them.  sooo, i support the funding of the new products, and that the mighty folks have taken great care to work out the bugs and produce a super duper mighty mug line! looking forward to the funding 18oz silver mug gift! ty jw....
alx0363 you can get the stainless steel and ice versions online or in stores at bed bath and beyond
stainless steel and ice are not avaible on amazon or other sellers...kickstarter is for this models. i also buy 1 of plastic ones on amazon and now take this new. alex
so, while picking up some things at bed, bath, and beyond, i noticed a huge display featuring the mighty mug... and they had them cheaper than listed here. i would hope there was a difference in this kickstarter and what i saw in store, but apparently not. what gives? why am i paying $10 more dollars here on kickstarter - when i thought the idea was for backers to get a better deal than "street prices." also, the lack of responses from the creators also bothers me. is it possible to get a refund?
i just checked amazon and it is a lot cheaper to get the ks ones so i'll wait.. besides these ones might be better.
so apparently you can already buy this product at stores for cheaper than ks... is that true and if it is how do i get my money back??
i pledged to get the ice edition. and i want the purple one? how do i let you know that? :)
how big is the opening on the stainless steel mug? is it big enough to let me use a hot straw from http://www.hotstraw.com/?
love my mighty mug! i haven't had a spill since. congratulations on your successful campaign.  also, thank you for supporting the highway is for gamblers, we hope to mimic your kickstarter success.
just ordered go family pack. i think it's a brilliant idea for people like me who spill coffee on their scattered paperwork at work. as for the other ones, i'll give them to a couple of friends who messed up their laptops " a couple of times". way to go mighty mug people!!!
yeah, i can get the plastic one that i don't want now or i can wait and get the metal one i want... this better not get canceled or else i would have to "accidentally" go spill coffee onto random people's laptops and that would suck... for them.
whoops wrong link but the aloe is nice too lol. https://www.dropbox.com/s/on24fwpfyrokeeb/2014-09-23%2008.53.43.jpg…
well got mine today for $14.00 delivered to ireland. good luck to everyone else. https://www.dropbox.com/s/vygv68e1uu2mfyr/2014-09-22%2014.24.43.jpg…
pleeeease, let us buy it in brazil with lower prices!! #brazillovesmightymugs
hey warren, it looks like the stainless steel and the ice are new. what's the issue?
why update their t&c's and not stand by them? please also send an email to support@kickstarter.com
i've reported this to kickstarter staff as well. let's hope they look into it in time.
@garnner swartz they are breaking the rules,they are using ks for pre-ordering there product.ks get the finger out!
why are you backing this project?  it is a retail product. you don't have to wait but it today!
so why is it $25 to pledge for a product i now know is available cheaper and right now?
i'm stunned that is is still been backed and why ks have yet to step in.
i just pledge for the 35$ mighty mug go stainless steel. and i wonder if i can choose the color? is it thru a survey at the end of the compaign ?
it was nice to see you guys at maker faire today!
thanks for the heads up, dropping my pledge right now, getting the same mug from bed bath and beyond.
anyone read the new t&c's from kickstarter? i particularly like this one. "at the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists"
just ordered a mighty mug solo from amazon for $14.00 and it has been dispatched. wonder will i have it before the campagin ends?
more links https://squareup.com/market/the-mighty-mug http://www.amazon.co.uk/mighty-mug-go-travel-litre/sim/b00cpp8yxs/2 even though i'm in ireland i have called bedbath & beyond and they are instock.
this is the first project i've backed so i'm not sure but when will i get to choose the color of my package?
@warren: are they selling the stainless version anywhere?  if so, i'll cancel my pledge and buy it directly.  however, as far as i can tell, neither the stainless version or the 'ice' versions are currently sold anywhere.  if those items are both new, then i think it's fine they did a ks campaign for them.
@warren with you 100%, i get frustrated myself when 'backers' treat kickstarter like a store.
to report this project,please go to the home page of the project and go to the tab that says report.
@dragonbait the point is that alot of people fail to understand is that ks is not a shop or a tool to use for pre-orders on products already developed. the point of the site is to bring an idea to it,see what people think and make it a reality. i'm stunned how relaxed kickstarters screening is over the last while as this seems to be happening very regularly now. look the fact is,they have been selling this,from what i can gather by research for over 2 years,and the claim about the double wall is false. i just hate seen people been taken for a ride,that's why you need to research the product and company before backing anything. i hope ks steps in before its too late
@warren, ks removed the limitation on selling multiple items.  i agree the selling items that are already available on amazon is wrong, i did ask the question myself what the difference was with the new mm go, as they seem to hype it as 'double wall insulated', but then the ones already on sale at amazon claim the same.
i have reported this project to ks for 2 reason's. for selling a product that already exists and you have been selling for many years and #2 selling multiple items which is against ks policy. i would ask other backers do the same please before its too late.
thanks brian
normally, you will get a message re: address for shipping after the ks is complete.
hello i would like to know where should i insert my address
i would like to know why this kickstarter exists, i see that you have a very successful company selling this product through multiple retail partners. why do you need this kickstarter? from what i can see you are selling them all over with somewhat great reviews, so you should have plenty of funds for redesigns. there is no significant discount for backers and any benefit over going to their local retailer or ordering it online through your site or other online vendors. please give a specific reason for this kickstarter.
i agree with warren. this project sounds fishy the more i think of it. i bought my mug at a bed and beyond store in arlington in january for $20. i don't see the point of this kickstarter project since this is apparently a successful product. kickstarter are supposed to help raising funds for new ideas, not expanding already-developed business. also, it says on the description: "with your help, we hope to offset some of these production costs and get the first run onto the desks of kickstarter backers." why, then, are you selling this at retail price? and what about the lack of responses here? this all sound too fishy for me. backers, beware. i recommend you cancel your pledge and just get this mug via amazon or any other store, really.
also when you pay it goes to alfay designs inc. who are a company who has been selling these since 2012. alfay designs mighty mug at iha's 2012 affordable…: http://youtu.be/ctotsue2vui
also bed and beyond in the us are selling them too for $19.99 with free delivery.
attention backers! this is not a new concept at all. kickstarter is about bringing an innovated project to a platform to make a dream a reality.i really hate when people use this to gain money out of something that exists already. this is available already to buy from amazon for less money than you are paying here. http://www.amazon.co.uk/mighty-mug-go-travel-litre/dp/b00cpp8z1o shame on you. not impressed,reporting it to kickstarter.
ok, it's official i am backing off. paying for shipping almost the same price as for the product...no thank you! seems like backers outside the us are covering for the costs of shipping inside the us!!  oh and jayme if you are even reading this, let me remind you that you are violating kickstarter rules, by selling multiple items. "offering multiple quantities of a reward is prohibited. hardware and product design projects can only offer rewards in single quantities or a sensible set (some items only make sense as a pair or as a kit of several items, for instance)." https://www.kickstarter.com/blog/kickstarter-is-not-a-store use backerkit for god's sake
hello everyone. i just saw this on kickstarter and i happen to have one of these mugs here in the office. i'm from brazil and i bought it for $20 when i was in washington d.c. in january 2014. i backed $1 just so i could post this comment here regarding the mug. pros: it's durable, it's very good looking. i use it everyday. cons: it's not as foolproof as it sounds, and the bottom part of the mug has to stay completely clean for it to work. pictures of my mug: front: https://www.dropbox.com/s/hbuvxp1sainai7d/1.jpg… top: https://www.dropbox.com/s/44offjlgrmpr8xz/2.jpg… bottom: https://www.dropbox.com/s/ewpyu7aim835bkv/3.jpg… as you can see in the last picture, the bottom part has some small dirt/dust/particles that prevent the mug from holding on itself, specially if it's full of liquid (and thus, heavier). here's a small video with the mug filled with water: https://www.dropbox.com/s/ezquh08spbeg6oq/2014-09-18%2015.03.55.mp4… bottom line: i think it's worth $20, but you have to keep it very clean if you don't want the mug falling. after some time i grew tired of cleaning the bottom every couple of days and just gave up. for me, it's just like any other regular mug now. i dont think it's worth an additional $25 for shipping, though, but that's up to you. i hope i've helped :)
i 'm from brazil and everyone call me crazy when i say i que paid $ 57.00 dolars on a mug . i agree with you guys que the delivery is very expensive, but i 'm not thinking on that. this project is really amazing and in my country i 'm pretty sure if que become popular here and companys start to sell, it will be much more expensive than $ 57.00
the creaters respond via private messaging
actually im out,i must be mental paying $47 for a cup regardless if it sticks to a table. $22 for postage is just crazy considering the mug is $25,lower your costs and i might be back to buy another time.
@temu yes im thinking that too,communication is key here no matter what.
finally got a response. but doesn't help. was told to try to pledge two levels. not possible to do. :-(.
yes.  it is unfortunate. i really like this project but if the creators are not going to respond i'm going to cancel my pledge.
@elizabeth yes it seems their communication skills are appaling to say the least. last post was september 3rd to state extortionate international shipping costs
i'm finding it just a little frustrating that questions are not being addressed. i've even sent two private messages and they have been ignored as well. anyone else having this issue?
@joanne survey will be sent out closer to delivery to choose your specific colour
i live in brazil and had a great response in the country. it was published in several digital media. http://oglobo.globo.com/sociedade/tecnologia/escritorio-de-design-em-nova-york-cria-caneca-impossivel-de-ser-derrubada-13877615
@joanne,its says what colour in the perk on the right!
how do i choose what colour mug i will get? :/
$22 is very high if you ask me for international shipping. it should be around $12
on your website you have the mighty mug desk size mug. is there anyway you can add the small desk mug to your campaign? thank you
is there a picture of the top of the mug?
how can i wash these? are all of its inner moving parts able to be washed safely? will it get disgusting if water gets inside?
do you have a video showing the $35 mighty mug go stainless steel in action? in the introduction video i only see the plastic versions. thanks.
ok gyess i won't be backing after all, $22 shipping on a $25 item is not worth it, i'll just buy a plastic one from amazon instead, thanks.
just became a backer, though i did post two questions that i hope will be addressed on the main page. in any case, i appreciate the separate shipping price for canada. tired of paying an inflated shipping price because project owners don't realize shipping to canada is cheaper.
hello, i collaborated with the option of $ 35 mighty mug go stainless steel. and i wonder if i can choose the color?
maybe i am missing it but do you have a pledge that includes a soil and a stainless?  i would love to have one for coffee and another for just cold beverages. thanks.
will i be able to choose the color of the mighty mug go stainless steel $35 pledge?
is there anyway you guys can do a two pack of just the mighty mug ice????
i'm really confused about the pledges, i don't see an option for 2 18oz ones so i put 70 usd down for the 35 pledge, i take it that i'll be able to get 2 once the backer kit goes out?
why aren't you putting the other colors on the kickstarter? i love the purple mighty mug go so much! and in your website it doesn't send outside us... :(
just became a backer of the steel mug! i'm excited because this will be a great mug for combining my morning commute as well as my desk at work. do you know the final dimensions of the solo stainless? better yet, do you know if it would be compatible with a mug holder on a bicycle? here's the mug holder i am considering buying: http://goo.gl/8fcl0u
are any of the mugs dishwasher safe?
hi!  i love your project! i think you have a million dollar idea, but i have a suggestion. i think you should spread your design idea to other kinds of cups. for example, when glass drink ware breaks, it's not just annoying, it's a hazard. anyway, i would love to help you get the rest of the funding & the word about your project.  i'm a  college student hoping to focus on social media marketing helping businesses like yours is what i want to do. follow me on twitter @savecrazyones if you're interested. have a good day! brooke :)
i want both an ice and a go stainless steel but cant make 2 pledges. is there a way around that?
all i want to say is "this is the kind of product i've always expecting on kickstarter!" btw, i really have a hard time on choice the colour for my bottle, cuz they all look so cool!!! xd
hello all - we just added international shipping options. if in canada please select canada backers rewards all others please select international backer (non-canada). thanks for being a part of our campaign and be mighty.
im a backer! i want mine dip in gold and delivered on christmas morning and delivery person dressed as santa.
i dont understand how this hasnt been more successful. even with the limited shipping
i can only second the suggestion to offer international shipping. recently saw your mugs in a local store (sweden) and i'm very tempted to buy a pair, but these stainless versions look much better...
perhaps time to look at international customers, you don't want to limp across the finish line.
us only?!....why?? :/
@creator, whats the difference between the original go and the new one, i just realised both claim to be 'double wall insulated'!
@kevin, yes i believe so, you can already buy mighty mugs, if i understand correctly the kickstarter is for their new range of mugs, 'mighty mug go stainless steel' which is double wall insulated,  'mighty mug solo' which is shorter so it fits in a coffee machine, 'mighty mug ice' which is designed for cold drinks and summer days!
https://m.youtube.com/watch… is this the same mug?
hi! great project, i would recommend adding at least a few early bird units to boost the first days of the campaign. i've backed lots of projects, and the ones with early birds make people take action faster, and encourages those that are in doubt to back just to be on the early bird price tag. other than that, just keep regular updates, even if there is nothing really relevant to say, it makes us backers happy. regards !
uk, also want a couple of these, but no international shipping :(
canadian checking in :( would have paid more but no shipping...
canadian checking in :( would have paid more but no shipping...
canadian checking in :( would have paid more but no shipping...
