when will this be shipping. have t heard any news i almost forgot about this
is there an eta until i can expect my shipment in germany? can't wait to try it out! :)
wonderful, thank you!  love the photo, those look amazing!  thank you again, please keep those recipes coming!
we tried out some crepes tonight and it worked great! just doubled the amount of water/milk compared to the regular flour recipe: https://www.dropbox.com/s/cixdhrg8qqx43f1/wedo_crepes.jpg
thanks morgan!  happy in the suburbs, thank you for the information and bringing this to our attention.  we have made the proper changes and have sent them onto our web developer.  the changes should be implemented next week.  we are always moving towards improving our site, recipes and content and we appreciate the honest feedback from our supporters.  have a great wekend
weehoo! awesome product, thanks much. digging the yummies already!
um... looked at your website and at the videos. please fix your recipes. the video for the banana bread recipe, as spoken, is different than the website. i cook a lot and know that 1t (one tablespoon = 3 teaspoons) salt will not work, but others may not. in the video, the chef says to use 1 tsp (one teaspoon). recipe conventions state that one teaspoon is written "1 tsp"  or "1 t." and 1 tablespon is written "1t". also, should we use 1 or 2 cups of gluten free flour? didn't check all the recipes, but there were mistakes in the several that i did check. of course, i can use this flour in one of my recipes, but was hoping to try one of yours. thanks for fixing this. i'll check the website again next week.
hello, we are currently in a couple of chains in ut and one chain in southern ca.  once we receive the "large" shipment you helped us fund we will be able to go out with the proper inventory and pick up some more locations.  thanks
so exciting to see the truck loaded. we are looking forward to making banana bread with banana flour. in the future, will we be able to buy this at health food and grocery stores? thanks for such an organized project.
hi jerry!  the pack party is tomorrow evening and yes, we are on track.  all labels are printed and the boxes will be fulfilled tomorrow evening...we have a scheduled pick up with the usps for thursday morning!
how did the packing party go? still on track to start shipping this week?
i didn't receive the survey yet
mmmmmm, crepes!
super excited to get my 5 lbs of wedo flour.  i don't bake with non gluten but i do have diabetes and i am super excited to eat waffles, cookies,cake and bread again and not feel guilty!  banana flour is resistant starch and should help my body see the insulin my body already makes and it won't raise my blood sugars.  woo hoo!!!!!
thank you aaron!
congrats on the successful campaign!
i'm proud to be a backer as my daughter has celiac, baking gluten free has been a challenge finding stuff she likes. question for you is does this require xantham gum to bake too or does the flour just work for baking?
thank you heidi.  you have a deal, we'll do our very best!
congrats!  i'm very excited to try this flour, especially because of the potential benefits of the resistant starch it contains.  please make an attempt to get this distributed in canada somehow.  we'd appreciate it.
andrea, we are more than excited for you to get this product in your kitchen as well.  thank you for backing us and passing the word along!  have a great week!
thank you jennifer!  please send me and email, would love to hear some more about your bakery. david@wedoglutenfree.com
we operate a gluten-free bakery in chico, baked your project, hope it goes well!! - coco gluten-free baking co.
we've been gluten free for a while now and just had to go grain free. the hubs and i just pledged because your flour has peaked my interest as i'm a baker and some of the gf/grain free recipes don't measure up to the original. i've shared with my other gluten free friends and others on fb so they will have the chance to back you guys as well. good luck!!!!
thank you katherine!
going to keep spreading the word to my gf friends for more funding :) good luck guys!
@betzaida alsindawi: it's not organic but, it is gmo free
question is this gmo free?
i cannot wait to try this banana flour in some recipes.  i am anxiously awaiting the completion of the funding stage.  good luck!
thank you anthony!
liked and shared!!!
thank you betzaida!  can't wait for your nephew to try it either.  thank you for the pledge and thank you for sharing the world on facebook.
shared on fb
this is awesome can't wait to try and give to my nephew who is on a gf diet
thank you kristine.  that means a lot and we really appreciate the love and support.  we're moving along great and can't wait to see how the next 3 weeks play out.
this is the message i shared on my fb page. hope people make a pledge to help you reach your goal. good luck! "ok, so i'm pretty successful with my choices when it comes to funding stuff on kickstarter. i mean the stuff i help fund gets the job done. so help this company out. it will be good for all of us to be able to buy a gluten free product that we can make yummy stuff to eat with. get yourself on the gluten free banana boat…….please donate. even if its a buck. thanks" kristine parkhill lovell
thank you jana, means the world!
well done guys, just backed & shared all over!
