domestic backers should all have received their copies by now. if you haven't, message me directly! international backers are taking a bit longer and i'm working on that now!
i never received the book, have they shipped yet? thanks!
hi all! i just wanted to check and see if the hard copies have shipped yet. thanks!
can't wait to get my book, i elected to get the hard copy, will i get my copy soon?
jeremiah--the book doesn't come out til march 29th :-) you'll get a backer survey soon.
oh no! this is the second kickstarter that i've backed and never gotten the product! i have been looking forward to getting this.. but never got it?
very excited for you guys!
i'm a college cis professor.  i'm really hoping this book will be readily accessible beyond this kickstarter so i can have it as an option for my students for extra credit. on average 80 to 90% of my students are male.  it would be nice encouragement written by women to encourage women and let them know they can succeed in this field. keep up the good work!
congrats on funding!!
woooooooooo!!!!!!!
we did it!!!!
good job!
sooooooo close!!!!
almost there!  keep speading the word folks - lots of people who would love this book still don't know about it!
you will get a survey later on that will let you choose. thank you for backing!!!!
how does one select the digital copy for the $24 tier? i picked "us" shipping for now, because that didn't add any additional amount, but i can't see how to select anything that is not a country. i presume there'll be a poll afterwards that lets me pick physical or ebook? i didn't find anything in the faq :-(
i'm not a woman and i don't know any women to give this book to, but i'm buying it. because it's awesome. and you're awesome too.
way back in the day, there was webgrrls, then digitaleve [founding member here] and the girls are finally getting a book! so glad you decided to write it, as it's been long needed.
i would like to recommend myself and these women for the book.  i am a steam, robotics, & cs teacher who was one of the founders of robo-expo.org  celebrate #blackhistorymonth w/ 11 inspiring african american #womenintech http://bit.ly/1dhhewx  @blackgirlscode @allstarcode @code2040  and abigail joseph
congrats on being potd. may we blast past the funding goal today.
hey tarah! congrats on the potd nod. i have to imagine you got it because this book is gonna kick butt, and is long since due. keep the party going!
i love what you guys are doing, and root for your success with it.
@paul g hell yes you can recommend people. can you please introduce me to both of these amazing women? give them my email: t@thetarah.com.
hi tarah. it's about time someone did a book like this. you are the perfect person to do this. can we recommend people for inclusion? if so i'd like to recommend bethany koby(technology will save us ) and carrie anne philbin(raspberry pi foundation). good luck!
i'm just getting my start in the tech business world and would love to read this book. i'm doing my masters in digital audio arts, specifically audio engineering.  hearing about other successful women in the tech universe encourages me greatly :)
so excited to see this out in the world!
just heard your podcast with bta!  what a fun talk :d  for anyone else interested... http://www.bitchteamalpha.com/ladies-of-industry-tarah-wheeler-van-vlack/
you go girl! would love to see the comic nerd! june june
thank you so much, tasha!!
what an important book to be written. proud to be a backer.
hi, geoffrey! thank you so much for backing! yes, you doubled your pledge amount so i'll ship you two. i'll have a question on the survey for that.
question. i saw your video, and was moved to sponsor your project. when i pledged, i pledged twice the rate to receive a copy of book when project is completed. will there be an opportunity to order two books instead of one using the additional funds as an add-on? thank you for writing this book. i appreciate the tone of your message in the video about overcoming personal and societal biases towards women in tech, and the opportunities which exist there for a broad range of diversity currently not represented.
