congratulation to director alison klayman for being one of nyt's "20 directors to watch" ow.ly/ohirt
for those disappointed by the drm self-destruct digital copies, remember that you can file a formal complain with kickstarter about this project at the link below, thus  kickstarter will be made aware of your dissatisfaction: https://kickstarter.zendesk.com/requests/new additionally, you are all entitled to a refund if you ask for it, as this project is in violation of the terms of service. kickstarter’s terms of service “project creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill.”
p.s.: if you haven't heard yet, ai weiwei: never sorry has made it to the academy awards shortlist. such an honor. thank you for everything, kickstarters.
dearest backers, the dvds have arrived, and we're lovingly packing and labeling each one. you should be seeing this familiar face very soon! http://imgur.com/qsssc
i paid for a digital download, not a rental. i haven't watched or downloaded the movie yet. instead i would like a refund please.
i also agree with r. da silva. i'm surprised and disappointed at the final format of the digital download. and i, too, really felt that this project was about helping a first-time film maker accomplish something. i had no idea this project already had commercial distribution deals. obviously, would still have been a worthwhile project, but would have had different expectations.
i completely agree with r. da silva, it feel like the "rules" have been changed during the game. for me it would have been much more acceptable if it was announced and explained earlier. around the time you made the decision to make it a rental for example.
i hate to be a complainer, but a web-based stream that restricts when and where i watch the movie is not a digital download. i assumed i'd get a .m4v file i could put in my plex library and stream to my roku box so i can watch it on my couch. i hate watching stuff at my computer, so the sundancenow stream is worthless to me. i'm glad my 10 bucks helped the movie exist, but i going to wait until it inevitably hits netflix before i watch it.
alison- thank you for your 3am reply.  it could have waited until morning. ;-) i don't want to turn this into a flame war since you found a way to fulfill your obligation to your kickstarter backers ('to the letter', if not the spirit), but i do want to express my feelings about the project. when you brought your project to kickstarter, i interpreted your pitch as saying, "i need $20,000 to finish my documentary about ai weiwei.  if you invest in my idea, you will be a preferred partner in this endeavor."  you portrayed the project in the noble light, saying: "in a more abstract sense, you are helping to bring the issues of human rights, internet censorship and freedom of expression to the forefront of conversations at film festivals, theaters, museums, universities, broadcast television, government and diplomatic offices…everywhere we plan to show the film." ...but you mentioned nothing about possible delays because of commercial distribution deals... you mentioned nothing of issues due to rights transfer.  i don't think i was alone in my assumption that the film would be distributed to your backers in the media promised at the same time as the other venues you described.  i know that "when available" is subject to interpretation, but you *had* to know that most backers would interpret that as "when the film is complete".  if you had distribution deals in place and knew about these possible conflicts of interest before posting on kickstarter, you should have disclosed them in your pitch.  if you didn't, you should have put your kickstarter backers before making other deals and agreements.  i don't think anyone would have begrudged you any profit from selling/showing the film or making distribution deals made after fulfilling your obligations here. i also believe that most backers considered a 'digital download' as something they would be able to keep and play anytime they pleased (with or without drm).  not a one-time viewing. i'm trying not to come off as a whiny backer who thinks kickstarter is a place to 'buy stuff'.  what i do believe is that the 'spirit' of kickstarter is for artists and creators to get their ideas funded by people those ideas resonate with.  your backers are your potential future fans.  many backers (in the case of your film) are also concerned with the plight of ai weiwei.  holding back the release of the film from your backers via the media you promised because of festival award rules, theatrical showings and distribution deals was disingenuous. as for your statement that signing us and canadian theatrical distribution deals helped the film gain more exposure, i find that questionable in this age where millions of people will watch a single cat video on youtube. controlling distribution is only for maximizing profit and gaining exposure (awards) for the filmmaker via traditional channels. am i the only backer who feels this way?
hi, i just received to code for the download of the digital drm-limited "you can watch it within 30-days"-version of the movie. as you can imagine i was disappointed. here is the reply i sent to outreach@aiweiweineversorry.com. "hi, or if you choose the download option you will be able to watch the file within 30 days. that is exactly not what i expected when you promised a download of the film! "receive a digital download of the film" versus "receive a digital rental copy of the film". does this differentiation make sense to you? what is the reasoning behind putting a 30 day limit into the film? trying to keep to the promise but bend it a little? best regards, [real name]" if some of you other backers feel the same you can use this email as your template! all the best, keith
r. da silva - i totally appreciate what you are saying, and i am so so sorry to disappoint you (hence the 3am reply right now).  let me explain my situation further, since it might not be totally what you are thinking: in territories like the us and canada we got traditional theatrical distribution, which really raised the profile for the film and ai weiwei's story, helping us reach much bigger audiences than i ever imagined. it also means that, because the film rights don't belong directly to us anymore, we are unable to give out an insecure download (i.e. just a file of the film like i think you were suggesting). it's so considerate that you opted for a "digital download" instead of a dvd to help us keep more of the pledge, but because of our distribution deal it turns out that buying you a secure download or a dvd cost us about the same amount of money (minus the shipping). ifc helped us by letting us use their sundancenow site to affordably give everyone a secure download.  i hope you can understand our position, even if you are disappointed. this was the best way we could work out with our distributor and deliver our kickstarter backers their reward.  again, i am so sorry to disappoint you, it really doesn't feel good considering the support you showed me as a young first-time filmmaker. please let me know if you would still like to have the dvd and we can be sure to send it to you.
hi, i wanted to inform you of my address change. could you please email me? thanks again for all of your wonderful work!
alison... i'm a bit confused.  when i saw your project, i thought i'd pledge to help a young filmmaker achieve her dream to document the life of a favorite artist of mine.  i pledged $50 and opted to forgo the t-shirt or dvd to help you keep a little more of the pledge.  all i wanted was a digital download .  now, i just received a code in my email that allows me to stream the movie or download it and watch it once within thirty days.  i guess you could consider this a "digital download", but i'll be that most backers were expecting an un-drmed download that was theirs to keep and watch as many times as they pleased.  why the tight-fisted control?  i just don't think this is in the spirit of ai weiwei.  i'm very disappointed.
to all my funders: for those who haven't received their gift yet, i am truly sorry for the wait. i know that this has been a long time coming, and i know that there were those of you who were not able to catch the streamcast. i am grateful for your support.  as i'm sure you know by now, thanks to your support, the film made it to sundance, berlin and more; and got the attention of a great theatrical distributor, ifc films. we are still finishing up our theatrical release that began this summer. this project exceeded so many of my expectations when i began this film and even when i launched the kickstarter campaign last year. the dvd and digital downloads will be available after the theatrical release wraps up and our distributor ifc films creates it. we expect that will be before the end of the year. please make sure your shipping info is up-to-date and thanks so much for supporting the film. crowdfunding is a vote for media that is generated by you and for you. thank you for helping me take this film to the world.
tony, i agree. i feel the exact same way.
well, it seems everyone has seen this movie but me, one of the first backers of this project. f*** it i'll just download it off tpb. i suppose this was a worthwhile cause. but the point of kickstarter is to get stuff, it's not a charity funder.
man, it's been a long road to bring this incredible story to the big screen. bravo! my wife and i saw aww: never sorry last night @ the landmark theatres in la. a truly amazing film. congratulations to alison, to all, in front of and behind the camera for making it happen. thank you. i will highly recommend this important documentary to family and friends. shifting gears... i am curious to a response from other backers in the 500.00 level as to how they feel about not getting a special 'thank you' in the film's credits, as stated in the pledge? i did notice a 'thank you 793 kickstarter backers' as the closing credits rolled. that seemed about it. c'est la vie. in closing, i'd like to add, i did receive the two signed 8 x 10 photos last week. other than that...nothing else. i would be less than honest if i said i wasn't a bit disappointed. i believe it is important for the future support of other kickstarter projects that backers are rewarded accordingly as presented by creators. it only seems fair. and right.
hi maria! very excited that the film is opening in lincoln plaza cinema (as well as ifc center) in new york on july 27. i will be in nyc for opening weekend! not sure which theater i'll be at yet, but both will hopefully have someone from the film or film team there for q&as that weekend. i'll send out an update soon with those details and more about theatrical openings across the country. and thomas - thanks so much for supporting the film by seeing it in theaters! i'm so glad you enjoyed, and really appreciate the part you played in getting the film finished! please spread the word to others in germany- you're the ones who get to see it first in theaters!
hello alison, i have just returned from lincoln plaza cinema in new york and saw a preview of the movie to be shown.    i am so happy i will see the movie soon, right here in my neighborhood.  (i missed the screening for the backers).  will you be coming to ny by any chance? maria
saw the movie at a preview in cologne, germany last week… feels great to be a (very small) part of such an awesome project! :)
don't know if just me & jimmy, or if others also couldn't access the showing tonight. got my ticket yesterday and it said a confirmation email would be sent 6 hours before the showtime today -- but nothing. too busy to check in earlier and now have missed first part. don't know if i was supposed to reply to something yesterday and that's why i never got my ticket info. will there be any other options for those of us who cannot view this tonight?
hi jimmy! you did not miss the screening! it's happening right now. please tune in to constellation with your rsvp.
jimmy you didn't miss it! it's just starting now...log in with the ticket and password and email us directly if you have a problem asap: info@aiweiweifilm.org
on april 26th, i received an email from kickstarter and this was part of the message: "...today we can announce the result – we are collaborating with constellation to give all of you a chance to watch the film together in a virtual theater experience. after the screening, i will do a 30-minute live q&a. this special advance screening will happen on may 22 at 7:30pm, both est and pst. that means you have two chances to tune in and watch the film, and to chat with me." i responded, that day, with a confirmation wanting to view the 7:30 pst screening on 5/22. i was sent a ticket with a password to use. cut to: it is now, tuesday may 22 , 6:25 pm/pst and i have been unable to access any information about a screening tonight for 'never sorry' except for this little item posted at the core twitter page: ai weiwei film ‏@awwneversorry  rt @musefilmandtv: great preview of @awwneversorry @coreaccess last night, dir. @aliklay did great q&a afterward. film opens 7/27! @aiww retweeted by core: what gives? so let me get this straight, there was a great preview *last night* (5/21) of 'never sorry' and alison did a great q&a afterward. nice. kind of sucks that the date i had for the screening was for tonight 5/22.  anybody else out there get  lost in the cyberspace shuffle? yeah, as a backer, i'm just a bit disappointed in the way this whole thing has gone down. still, happy for ai weiwei and his family. hope the film does well, no matter. jimmy arone
just wanted to say 謝謝 for having the online streaming of the movie, finally got to see all you've been working hard on, and it was definitely worth it :) wonderfully done documentary, loved all the interviews, first-hand everything with ai wei-wei and the power of social media that he used so proficiently well. nice q & a too, got my question in! good luck with the film festivals!
an online screening is great, but the scheduling doesn't work for me.  when will we see what we were promised when we funded the project... 'a digital download of the film when it becomes available'.  if you are showing it on the festival circuit, i would say that it is 'available'.  holding what was promised from your backers is disingenuous.
is it possible to have a screening at a time which works for people in europe? the both times are in the middle of the night.
i think everyone who helped back the project are happy to see the film going threw festival rotation, but are a little surprised to hear that we won't receive our film til 2 years after compilation. how about a online screening for the backers of the project? it would be nice for people who have been in support of the project since the beginning get the same opportunity to view it in the same way festival patrons are able to.
hi nancy c.,  thanks for checking in and for your continued support. the film is making its world premiere at the sundance film festival on jan. 22nd. at the moment, digital downloads are not ready but you will be notified when they become available.  many thanks for your patience!
has this project finished since may2011? i didn't receive the digital download yet, has anyone else? thanks!
hi alison, thanks for the update. i missed the inbox email button sorry! apparently the "jasmine" crackdown is still going strong. maybe i'll live long enough to see a non-communist china someday where the ai weiwei's won't have to deal with this type of repression. cheers, ace
quote from http://molihuaxingdong.blogspot.com/2011/04/blog-post_4432.html summary: ai weiwei received severe physical torture and admitted his “economic crime”. fu zhenghua (head of beijing public safety bureau), and liu qibao (party secretary of sichuan), both of whom almost met their rightful destruction due to ai weiwei's investigation on the earthquake in sichuan and changan street protest in beijing in feb 2010, now retaliate ai weiwei, tortured him and made him convicted as the initiator and organizer of china's jasmine revolution, supported by fake testimonies from participants in beijing and sichuan. hu jintao was the first one of nine members in the politburo standing committee of the cpc central committee to sign fu zhenghua's report on ai weiwei, and the rest eight members had to follow suite. it is considered more severe than march 14 tibet crisis in 2008 and july 5 xinjiang crisis. fu zhenghua and liu qibao's retaliation on ai weiwei made a huge catastrophe on china's international image. english version wil be published on april 23, saturday morning. i have never felt so infuriated in my entire life, as if my head is gonna to blow up, i was crying with rage!!! they want to play big and we'll entertain them, we will make it even bigger,  we're going to make ai wei wei a hero. please alison, and everyone who sees this, help us, use your influence, help us spread the words. we will not stop until this regime gets destroyed. p/s. according to change.org, "for the past four days, the change.org website has been repeatedly targeted by cyber attacks coming from china that aim to bring our site down, which would keep people from signing the petition.". the ccp is announcing once again to the world, that the fears no one, they are a group of thugs that respect nothing. i am a chinese and a chinese jasmine supporter.
this is incredible, alison.  it's no simple things to bring 420+ people together behind a piece of art and journalism.
keep your head up ai weiwei. in these chaotic times your symbolism of peace, expression, and creativity bring much needed hope and inspiration  to the world. i see you free and living in the comfort your family and friends.  willow jon collamer
hi kempton, we anticipate a release in fall 2011. i'll be sure to keep you posted as i near completion and release. thanks, alison
i watched and highly recommended your pbs ai weiwei doc http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/ai-wei-wei/ all the best in making the full doc. do you have a target completion date for the doc?
saw his incredible installation at the tate modern in january and watched the video of the making of the sunflower seeds. ai weiwei is a powerful voice for humanity. thanks so much for your efforts. am delighted to have the opportunity to contribute.
ai weiwei is one of my favorite chinese artist (together with xu bing), his works are original and captured the spirit of contemporary china. his art is less "collectible" and his fame outside china doesn't match his true talent & influence he wields in china. more people should know about him, about his art beyond the fact that he is being detained.
i just made a post to current tv http://current.com/items/93134994.htm
i am also spreading the information about your project. good luck!
happy to learn about this project in kickstarter.  learned about ai weiwei for the first time just the other day when i saw the frontline piece.  just pledged and rallying my friends to do same.  best wishes, alison, in the completion of this project.
http://artsbeat.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/04/04/ai-weiweis-new-york-project-to-go-forward-with-or-without-him/…
said ai wei wei @aiww "this regime is supported by the most shameless liars; they're backing up lies, disparaging people who are with conscious, and enjoying privileges handed out by the dictators. these people will be put on trial." 这个政权由一些最不要脸的说谎者拥戴着，他们靠帮腔说谎、蔑视羞辱良知，享受着独裁统治下的优惠，这些人是要受到审判的 --艾未未
i've been tweeting and writing protest letters for the release of ai. this is the email address i found for the government of china.   english@mail.gov.cn regards, ace hanna
as published by the associated press a short while ago apr 3, 9:01 am ai weiwei was kept from boarding a flight to hong kong: http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/a/as_china_human_rights… it is good to see a wide international support for this exceptional contamporary artist and brave human rights activist.
i lived in shanghai for two years. i'm spreading the work about your project. 双喜, 大海
i just saw the ai weiwei piece on pbs.org  http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/ai-wei-wei/  - very moving, i will back you and look forward to seeing the final cut documentary.
