@alyssa sorry about that! we'll look into it and email you soon. i bet our store emails went into your spam filter or something. the fantasy, horror, and science fiction ones come from different email addresses, so it's possible for one to get through and the others to get caught in spam.
hi guys, i pledged extra to get add-ons of all of the women destroy and queers destroy special issues, and though i did get an email with a link to download the horror ones, i haven't yet gotten anything to let me download the fantasy ones.  have i missed something?  thanks for your help!
@sarah howes we'll be rolling out those additional digital rewards in the near future!
hi guys, am i meant to have received an email with back issues for lightspeed and nightmare magazine? i have only received an email with the june issue attached and i did pledge for one year subscriptions to both lightspeed and nightmare magazine.
@benjamin nash hi benjamin. we can do that if you like; please email us at ebookstore@lightspeedmagazine.com to let us know to do that for you.
will there be a way to add our one-year lightspeed subscription to an existing weightless subscription? didn't see a space on the survey.
@romero hi romero. yes the other digital rewards are rolling out separately. you should be getting additional emails re: your other digital rewards over the next several days.
hi - i logged into the lightspeed account successfully - however, i only saw one item, the special issue - i did not see any of the other rewards. are those other issues coming separately or should they also be in the account? thanks!
@old wookiee we used backerkit for our surveys, so if you go to: https://people-of-colour-destroy-science-fiction.backerkit.com and enter the email address associated with your kickstarter account, backerkit will send you a link that will let you double-check whether or not you've completed your survey or fill it out. you can also check your email for anything from @backerkit.com (again, this would have been sent to whatever address you have associated with your kickstarter account). then, once that's sorted, you'll get emails from us re: your downloads. thanks!
how can i get downloads?
where can i get link to survey?
@creator, backerkit contacted me, i am in the us and we got it sorted out.  thanks!
@creator never mind, got an email from the rep while i was posting here, problem was solved as the correct amount showed once my shipping info was input and confirmed on the last page.
@tanya backerkit will be in touch!
@creator - thanks - should i check back & try the survey again tomorrow, or wait to be contacted by a backerkit rep?
@creator - thanks, i've put my existing email in to be sure.
@andrew hedges apparently there's no way to make the question optional, so backerkit says to please just put "n/a" in that field or else just put your correct (existing kickstarter-related) email address in there again.
@andrew hedges it's supposed to be optional, but sounds like it's not; emailing backerkit about it now. though if you just put in your regular (existing) email address in the box that would also work. it's just a matter of making sure we send your digital rewards to the right email address, and if you put your existing email in that box then that definitely circumvents any issues.
@tanya n. kutasz looks like backerkit is incorrectly showing you the international shipping rate ($20). i'm going to reach out to backerkit to see if i can get an account rep to help with that. $28 total is the correct amount for shipping to a us address. it's $23 + $5 shipping.
@paul lord paul, you're outside the us, i assume, right? unfortunately international shipping is really expensive, and there's no way in backerkit to "bundle" shipping costs. let me put on my thinking cap and see if i can come up with a solution to that.
i just got the survey yesterday, went to fill it out this morning. i originally pledged $28 extra (above my initial pledge) to get the tpb of poc dsf, as that was the price quoted for the us, book & shipping included in that $28 (per info here http://www.destroysf.com/poc-destroy-rewards/ ). but on the survey, the tpb shows as $23, and then there is an additional $20 shipping charge, which is $15 more than originally stated. is this correct? if so i may need to ask for a refund for that $28 as my budget is super tight right now and $15 extra is a lot for me at the moment :(
@creator just got the survey email - it asks me to leave the email box blank to use my existing one but i can't submit the form with a blank box. should i just not submit the survey (i don't want any addons)?
why is the add-on manager adding $20 in shipping for each trade paperback i select?  $40 shipping for two $12 trade paperbacks?  that can't be right?
hi ! :) still waiting for my lighspeed subscription - will it take long? i want to read those stories !
any news, about surveys?
@matej we haven't sent out the surveys yet; we probably will do so this week, so stay tuned!
@ lightspeed magazine : i'm sorry if i missed out this one, but is there any information when the survey will be available? thank you very much and good luck with the magazine! ;)
yay, funded with all stretch goals! what a good thing to wake up to.
yes! we made it, we got the anthology goal (thanks to any of my friends who chipped in on the last day when i promoted!) and we sent lightspeed's vision of destruction out with a bang! i'm looking forward to supporting next year's torch bearers just as enthusiastically. thank you, lightspeed, nightmare and fantasy magazines for giving us this chance to shine and to everyone who's supported the destroy special editions. <3
we did it! wtg team. i was getting a little nervous there at the end.
hey, we got the anthology!
hi, is it possible to switch the subscription and back issues to fantasy instead of nightmare on the $24 level even if i don't have issues 1-45 of the latter?
i'm so excited we are getting poc destroy fantasy. daniel jose older is really cool online and at conventions, in my limited experience. i love his writing. one stretch goal to go. we can do this.
i'm very impressed with your project, and think it is fantastic that it is receiving such support! well done. i look forward to reading each issue. godspeed, lightspeed!
thanks, lightspeed and company, for producing this and the other destroy anthologies. and a big thank you to the folks who write the personal essays. i've found them a pleasure to read and great introductions to writers whose works i now feel compelled to seek out. looking forward to the book.
thanks sunil. i'm really excited to see what all the great guest editors including you select for the issues. as in previous editions of "destroy" you each bring different talents and backgrounds to the table which i believe makes these issues stronger. i expect the copies i gift will put large smiles on faces again this year.
tasha, i have appreciated your comments! thank you to everyone who takes the time to read and comment on the essays, here or elsewhere.
@guy the essays will be in the poc destroy sf issue. i back a lot of kickstarters and am in the habit of commenting on updates. i'm finding as a straight white woman that i'm concerned i might be intruding this time around. but i've been told by many kickstarter creators that comments help them feel like updates are being read and backers care. i've only had one essay i couldn't find any way to comment on and no one else has either. i feel speechless and can't find words. i find the essays a very important part of the "destroy series". they help me get out of my head and see things differently. the fiction is fantastic and some of it makes me think. every single essay in the 3 destroy series including this one help me "put myself in someone else's head". the world never looks quite the same afterwards.
len liu's essay was a real eye opener for me. i admit i never considered the effect of "white privilege" on me as a writer. though the essay wasn't about that, it did reveal something i had not realized in that regard. as a white straight male writer, i am "the default" -- and am free to write from any viewpoint and about any subject matter. i had never considered that a writer of color is always expected to write from the limited view a "non-default" writer is herded into. were ken writing under the name "john smith", his work would not have such a cloud of expectation hanging over it.  i cheer for every effort to get more diverse viewpoints into print, which is why i backed this kickstarter and others of the "destroy" series. but it is just as important that writers of diverse backgrounds be free from assumptions about the necessary amount of "diversity" in their writing. diversity comes from the life experience of the author lending new ideas and views to the writing. it does not mean writers of color must write only about issues faced by writers of color. the diversity of their experience is valuable no matter what the subject of their writing. that is the real reason to support writers of every background - not just because they write about people who we otherwise do not see but because they write from sets of experience that we do not possess, no matter what they write about. damn, these essays would make a worthy book all on their own!
seriously, i've backed a lot of projects and followed tons more, but these are the best updates i've ever seen.  i want to follow/read/meet every author of every update you have posted.  didn't know about lightspeed before, but can't wait for my subscription reward now.
thank you so much, lightspeed editors, for this essay series. i'm excited to read pocdsf even more now that i know a little bit about the contributors. as an american, i've already learned many new concepts re: the differences between the poc in us vs african american experiences. i'm so glad that these valuable essays will be part of the anthology.
thank you, hufflehobbit! i've been so happy to see the positive response, and there are so many wonderful essays yet to come.
i don't want to comment on the essays individually because i don't have time to comment on every single one and wouldn't want to inaccurately imply preferences that aren't there, but i just wanted to say i've been loving reading them and am *really* excited about the anthology.
i backed at the lightspeed subscription level, and am going to get the nightmare magazine add-on! i backed qdsf last year, so have all of the back issues, so i'm really excited to get all of the back issues of fantasy magazine! i'm also excited for the pocdsf special issue! i'm still reading through the flash fiction and reprints in wdsf and qdsf. loved what i've read so far!
love that we just hit the anthology stretch goal!
@cheri kannarr you'll get the back issues either way, whether you choose a subscription as your primary reward or as an add-on reward. the megapack reward just gives you all of the destroy special issues. the #2 stretch goal (subscription booster) means that you get a subscription to lightspeed but also every back issue published to date (70+ issues). so that's way more than the megapack offers. however, it doesn't include everything that's in the megapack (because some of the issues are issues of our sister-magazines nightmare or fantasy, not issues of lightspeed).
still a bit confused re. add-ons, sorry!  the unlocked back issues is for pledge tiers with subscriptions, but not add-on subscriptions?  is the unlocked stretch goal equivalent to the mega-packs?  and, any chance of offering the past destroy special edition ebooks as add-ons?  thanks!  just discovered the magazine & special editions and am excited to read more!
@dag-erling smørgrav you can do that now -- just choose the megapack as your primary reward, but look at the add-ons section and just increase your pledge by the amount necessary to include the limited edition trade paperback. the add-ons are listed near the end of our kickstarter frontpage, but we've also got them copied here (with instructions) so we can point people right to them: http://www.destroysf.com/poc-destroy-rewards/.
would you consider adding a reward level which includes the megapack + the limited edition trade paperback?
i emailed customer service a while ago, heard nothing.... then life happened and forgot to mail again. i emailed customer service a few days ago. i will email ebookstore@lightspeedmagazine.com a few days ago. i will email customer service again now. thanks for your help
hi kevin, if you've already got the entire library of lightspeed and fantasy back issues, we could give you the back catalog of nightmare. or if you also already have that, maybe we could just let you gift the back issues to someone else.
hi frederic, if you email us at customer.service@lightspeedmagazine.com, we should be able to get you sorted out. (what email address did you previously email?)
i backed a previous "destroy" kickstarter and i noticed a problem with reward issues in my account. i noticed this when i wanted to re-download an issue i deleted from my kindle. who can i speak to about this. emails i have sent have been unanswered. anyway.... glad you are doing another kickstarter. really looking forward to this one.
i am so excited to be backing my third "destroy fiction" magazine kickstarter. this is going to be great.
i've got a question on the subscription booster.  for people who've backed both women & queers destroy science fiction kickstarters and already have the entire library of lightspeed & fantasy magazine, are you planning on doing anything differently on the booster for those people?  i'm still going to back, but am curious since this applies to me. :)
hi sarah, yes, both are eligible!
hey guys congrats on passing the 15k stretch goal, i have a question as i've backed the lightspeed subscription as my main goal and i've added extra for a nightmare subscription addon, will both be eligible for the subscription booster? or just my main reward?
i missed backing wdsf, but picked it up with qdsf. i loved both. really looking forward to having my horizons broadened with pocdsf! whilst i'm not a a minority race in my own country i appreciate that they are vastly under represented and often portrayed in negative of stereotypical ways and if it annoys me when i'm *not* a poc i can only imagine how it must feel if i was one. (and i have some understanding as a female bisexual, so not portrayed the same but still under represented or misrepresented). this should be an awesome issue! part of me also wonders what barriers we're going to break down next year... disabled destroy?
thank you, lightspeed, for this project. i'm excited to read it.
