where is my extra drawer?
@steven @jeff - quick update to say that i emailed curt and he's sending me a replacement gauge to swap out. am sure he'd be happy to do the same for you guys
@steven @jeff my gauge is still working but there's so much moisture inside that it's now a mess of rusty slime and is unusable :( i've just emailed uniterra and am waiting a reply. will update here when i know more...
steven, i just noticed today that my pressure gauge is not working. i guess i'll contact nomad and find out what to do.
hi i have still not received my nomad. can you please advise with regards to delivery date e.mele
has anyone else seen an issue where the nomad's pressure gage is no longer working?  i also have a lot of moisture in the gage itself.  i'm wondering if there is something i can do to address the issue.
@olivier pon same thing happened to my tcv but just email uniterra and they will send you a new one.  it is not a common problem though they also told me they were working on a stainless steel version that will be even more durable.
hi, i received my nomad just over a week ago and just wanted to say thanks to uniterra - this is one of the most professional products i've received from kickstarter.  beautiful design and build, well packed and a pleasure to use.  i have quite a few coffee machines including a la pavoni lever and this is so much easier to use and produces a great crema - i don't use the tcv. so thanks and well done.  i couldn't be happier with the end result and i hope you do well. cheers, turhan
hello to everyone. it has been a bit more than 2 weeks that i get my black nomad now. i was waiting to have a bit of hinsight before giving my review. i have to say that the packaging was really nice and the product exactly as described. did not know why but i was thinking about a metal machine not a plastic one. but i guess it could have a bit heavy. anyway it looks nice, does not take a lot of space on a kitchen counter and feels like quality materials were use to build it. i have to precise that i am a coffee roaster for 3 years now and used a lot of different device to brew coffee and to pull shot. the machine is really easy to use , the only think to keep in mind is to know overfill the grind because that the best way to block the unit. i use my classic espresso very fine grind , the one we are using at the roastery and it is just working perfectly. i think i pulled around 50-60 shots since i received the unit. most of the time with consistency, as long as you tamp your grind correctly.  the true crema valve was also working very well. yes was. because this morning i got a loss of pressure during my shot. i finished the shot faster than normally. i checked the true crema valve and it is cracked on 3/4 of its lenght... not usable anymore. the unit is working well without the tcv but i pulled most of my shot with it. so now i am wondering if any other users cracked they tcv. i did not use the machine in the red zone or anything. hope uniterra can send me a new tcv soon as this is obviously a conception problem of the tcv except that, all in all this is a very good unit, without any heating element you can not burn your coffee in any way and i think you can feel it in the crema which is really gold and smooth. hope to get news from you soon about this tcv issue. pictures are availables on request
just wanted to update and say uniterra worked out the issue with my black nomad quick smart! i am now super pleased with my nomad and can't wait to see how you guys with a public release!
hi there, i've still not received my unit. mine was a strange case as i backed but had to lower my pledge due to health issues. then an anonymous backer bought me a nomad anyway. i've got all the emails from you outlining this and asking me my colour preference and for my address. i chose black so wasn't concerned when it hasn't arrived as i knew the black units were taking much longer. however, according to your updates it seems that all black units should have been shipped and delivered by now. so, as you can understand, i'm a bit concerned about where my black nomad is and how i can heck it's progress.
i have to say, best kickstarter project i've received, and the only kickstarter project that delivered exactly what they promised. the packaging was professional and market ready and didn't feel like i was receiving a prototype.
vincent, i'm still getting acquainted with my nomad. i decided not to use the tcv valve yet because i want to get a better feel for how the tamping and grind changes the taste of the shot. this is my first espresso machine so i have a lot of learning to do. i feel this machine is perfect because of its mobility, ease of use, capability of producing high quality espresso shots. so after pulling several shots, which have continuously improved with taste and crema layer, my first thought was, i need another drawer, maybe two. no surprise there but what i really found inconvenient was having to use another glass to catch the residual drips of espresso from spilling on my table. i was unsuccessful most of the time. so i'm hoping that you might consider producing a plastic base with an adequate size drip tray (capable of holding residual from multiple shots) that the nomad can sit on top of. i think that this should be easy to produce considering the plastic can be of a lower quality, also i think that a separate removable piece that acts as a height extend would be beneficial so that you can use a larger glass when cleaning out the calcium deposits and flushing out the nomad. also it would be nice if you could include an area on this base that will hold the tamper. respectfully, thomas
after a long wait for my nomad i'm now a very happy man. the first shot i pulled with the tcv was a heavenly cup of espresso. to me, everything on this machine looks and feels of high quality and i appreciate all the extra effort uniterra made.
just brewed my first two cups with my black nomad: awesome! :)
yes it is fine to decalcify the nomad with disolved citric acid when needed.
dear team uniterra i have received my black nomad and pulled the first 50 g of esprosso beans. i immediately unscrewed the tcv and the machine works perfectly. i noticed that for me it is indispensible for a good shot of espresso to pre-heat the nomad as well as the cup otherwise the result is a bit too cold for my taste. i do have one question though: water here is pretty hard/calcareous. is it okay to put citric acid in the machine to decalcify it if necessary?
dear mr. franco, we are very glad to learn that you are pleased with the nomad you haved received.  we put our heart and soul into the development, design, and production of the nomad.  our reward and satisfaction rest on seeing people all over the world sharing the love of this little machine that is a collection of inspiration and labor throughout the whole creative process.  it is a great feeling knowing people savor great coffee pours out of the nomad every day.  it is not perfect though, however, but i hope the good overshadows the imperfections.  we welcome any feedback that helps improve the product and the user experience.  toss to the joy of coffee! vincent uniterra inc.
hi uniterra, have all the black units being shipped? i have not received my unit nor dhl tracking numbers.
uniterra, i just received my unit and all i have to say is well done. it truly is an amazing product and thank you for your detailed response as well as all your hard work.
dear luis,  my best guess is that you may have lost the little transparent tcv o-ring after cleaning it.  without it there is leakage around the threads of the tcv and it explains the 3 bars pressure. i will write you directly to get more information about the condition of your machine. vincent uniterra
finally it is here, received notification on 15th night, got it on 16th morning, dhl sure is fast. hope you can do an update after all the shipping is done, on how we can buy extra parts such as extra drawers or new machine from which website or reseller. support links or forums for our faq if required. - singapore backer.
hi uniterra, i got my black nomad today and i after trying my first shot the pressure gauge got stuck on high. after following the guide and cleaning the tcv i can no longer get above 3 bars of pressure without the drawer latch popping up and all the pressure going. it seems like the latch wont ever lock in place properly. how do i reach out to you guys to solve this? cheers
thank you mr. franco for the thoughtful comments.  we appreciate your suggestion of how to improve communication and will learn from this kickstarter delivery experience.  after today there will be about 110 units left for delivery, so the completion of kickstarter shipments is near its end.  you will receive a tracking number for your package very soon. black units shipping took much longer than we originally expected because our manufacturing partner is taking time pressure and flow test every machine, and do an over night drying process before packaging them for shipping.  last week's 3 day national holiday caused additional delays.  our manufacturing partner is taking this batch of shipments to develop a quality control protocol in preparation for future batches of delivery. out of the assembly plant, where each unit went through pressure testing, our manufacturing partner decided to do 100% re-test and also check for flow rate before the drying and packaging.  this is done not only to ensure shipping of quality machines, but also to assess the quality, reliability of the work of the contracted assembly plant.  at the same time, they are developing formal protocols and training staffs.  being a partner we need to respect their decision so we refrain from forceful intervention.  the good news is that by middle next week all black units should have been shipped.  those who have not received tracking numbers please do not worry.  you will receive one soon and will see your nomad at your door the very next day after receiving the tracking number.  if dhl contact you regarding the package, please work with them directly to resolving delivery issues. thank you all for leaving great, helpful comments.  spread the love. with much appreciation, vincent uniterra
i'm still waiting for my black nomad with no drawer or at least a confirmation email. i understand that you have been working really hard to ensure that you produce an espresso machine that meets your high standards, a successful product that will turn a profit, i would very much appreciate, if at all possible despite how difficult it my be, a better response than we shipped 200 units so far. for example we have shipped units for backers 50 through 75 and tomorrow will ship 75 through 100, etc.that way at least i know when you plan on shipping my unit based on my backer number. i know this might be difficult and time consuming but i'm sure it is not impossible. after all i'm sure you would appreciate, and are likely looking forward to our comments and recommendations on our social media accounts about how amazing your product is, and i'm certain that truly is an amazing product. i just feel, and this is just my opinion, that after funding your idea for your product and eventually spending, which would amount to days worth of aggregate time from all backers, promoting it on social media that you could, at the very least, make communication a priority. if in fact this is not feasible, which i can understand given the tremendous amount of work the manufacturing process must be, i hope that you at least realize from my point of view why i am very critical of your efforts to vaguely communicate when my unit has shipped.
i'm the one still waiting for my black nomad with no extra drawer selected. hope it'll arrived soon.
for those still waiting for a black machine we have now shipped out over 200 units and still have a little over 100 to go, most of these are the extra drawer machines.  if our shippers continue at the current pace they should all go out over the next week.  we are making every effort to get them out as quickly as possible.   curt morgan
olivier,  your machine has shipped, the tracking notice just went out today.  i do regret the extended delays and apologize for them.  believe me when i tell you that vincent and i have done nothing for the last year but work day and night through these problems and setbacks.  i do think we have made a very high quality product and i hope you enjoy it.   curt morgan
october 16th 2014... yup, not 2013. still nothing and still waiting. no email, no delivery...no glory. even with an outstanding product, it will be really difficult to forget how inept the development and communication were during all those months. hope to keep reading nice reviews here. will post mine...someday when i finally get my nomad ^^
just got my email so looking forward to it :d
anthony - i encountered a similar issue with a blocked tcv valve. follow the "troubleshoot guide for pressure stuck high" on uniterra's website (http://media.wix.com/ugd/8c82e1_d909ff8ab7bb469798c1f89a7fc2e372.pdf) and it'll fix it. when mine got blocked, i ended up using a small needle to unblock it and it hasn't gotten blocked since.
first shot just pulled only minutes ago on my black nomad. mmmmmmmmm only thing now is i wish i got the extra tray!   how can i get another one?
still waiting, for my black nomad
its tuesday and i didnt get an email with a tracking number from dhl too =( black nomad. yeah its been 1 and a half year still waiting lolx
this thing works pretty well. i do have a problem. i am using fine grinds (espresso-grind size) and while it worked the first shot i pulled, every shot i've pulled since has gotten stuck and overpressured. i've determined that the crema-filter is the source of the clog and it works fine without it attached. once i cleaned it up and put it back on, i can't pull a shot still. i'll have to try, perhaps, a better cleaning, but it seems pretty sensitive. am i using too fine of a grind size that's causing it to get clogged?
got the black one, paid 35€ customs, made a first shot, awesome!
did you ship all the black nomads? it's saturday and i didn't get an email with a tracking number :(
got my nomad! extremely easy to use and beautiful looking machine. great results on the first try. all the quality control seems to have paid off at least for now.
waiting & waiting
not a lot a great comments of peoples enjoying their awesome black nomad after waiting 1 year and a half... still waiting though.
i got my black nomad yesterday and brought it straight to the cubicle to play with it. my co-workers commented that it looks like modern art! it works, though the hot water from the industrial coffee maker we have isnt quite hot enough for this thing. i'll have to figure out how to get boiling water into this without a proper kitchen, probably either microwave the hell out of water or get an electric kettle. thanks!
hi guys, thanks for the great news! looking forward to some delicious espresso!
hi paolo, we started shipping black nomads today and will continue through next week.  most units will go out early to middle of next week and we hope to have them all out by week end.  we will send you an email notification with tracking number when yours ships.  i will try to post a full update in a day or two.  thank you for everything. curt
have you shipped the black machines yet? didn't get any emails with dhl tracking number...
sweet!
so i tried making a shot or two without the tcv, wowzers! it takes far more effort, but damn.
hi all, we expect to begin shipping black machines early next week (9/30 or 10/1).  we have decided to give all outgoing machines a second pressure test before shipping to assure highest quality.  all black machines should ship out over a seven day period.  when we ship we will notify you with a dhl tracking number.  sorry for all the delays and we do appreciate how patient everyone has been. curt morgan
aaaand my tcv is blocked. whoops...
just loose-leaf black tea. it cleaned it out real good afterwards, and i've been making basically three cups a day since. today i've had multiple pressure failures. three, i think..
chris, i'm curious what kind of tea did you use,  thanks,  curt
just brewed a cup of tea from my nomad. came out pretty damn good.
what is the status update on the black units? it's been over 12 months delay now and tbh it's getting ridiculous... i would prefer black but not nearly as much as actually having the coffee maker that i pledged money for so very long ago!
agree to christopher cambell, color isn't important at all.
thanks for the reply in the comments on the black nomad. if it takes more than a few weeks more then i really think you need to give people the option of opting for green instead.
can't wait to get my black nomad!!
hi victor (and all waiting on black), yes you are right we are long overdue for giving you some information and apologetic.  i just learned today that we do now have molded black cases.  they do require some finishing, that is clearing an internal hole that has some flash around it.  i am trying to get a detailed update written and posted over the weekend.  when we do an update vincent and i pass them back and forth to make sure they are correct and we haven't missed anything, that's why it takes a couple days.  he is getting more information now (it is friday morning right now in taiwan), then we will confer over the weekend and put up a post.  i do know that people who opted for the black unit feel left out but at the same time we're trying to make sure that we deliver the same high quality that resulted in recipients of the green nomad referring to it as a work of art.  we know you are waiting and we are working hard to complete and ship the black nomads, more information shortly. curt
it's 17 days since last update and 8 days since last comment response. we need some info about the progress of the black nomad. thanks.
yeah, i'll have to get a porcelain shot glass. i've been using an aluminum sauce cup, which is fine so long as i pick it up by the rolled rim and not by the hot-coffee-filled sides. also, thanks chris for the 147 info. i'm willing to trade, i suppose, but i'm using mine, you're using yours. it seems like a lot of bother...
nearly another week has passed, still no lucky for my black nomad, what a wrong decision on color choosing.
also, david! use a porcelain shot glass. pour the shot in the glass, pour shot into milk.
a few things, i've been working pax, so no updates til now. i just, as in about twenty minutes ago, had my first failure on my nomad. pressure failed to release, waited it out, and released the tray. all is well, but i had to have drip in the meantime. so one failure in something like a hundred, pulling shots the way i do? i had a worse failure rate running a machine at starbucks.
david, 147 is my number. every account i have, every phone number, everything save for passwords involves 147 in some way or another. if i had the cash and we're willing to go nomad-less for the time involved i'd seriously trade you.
hi woo - i just spoke with vincent in taiwan this morning (evening there), the black cases are now molded, he wants to take a look at them in the morning and then send them to the assembler.  we will post an update in a few days when we know the assembler's schedule. curt
still wait for the message of black version.
hey guys! i´m a backer from brazil and will be in the us from sep 9 til the 16th. is there any way you could send my nomad to an us address in time for me to pick it up? it would make things so much easier for me, because brazilian customs are not that reliable and take forever. there´d be no need to refund the overseas delivery cost, ok? also, i would have no problems getting the green one instead of the black if that´s the case....cheers!
i just received mine yesterday; what an absolut work of art - and works perfectly :-) thanks!
i have made now made coffee in this machine more than 10 times and i can say that its awesome!. i did have some issues initially with clogged valve but with tutorial help was able to fix it quickly. no problems since that.  very easy to clean which is usually a problem in many of this gadgets.
so, nobody knows what's special about #147? because it's sitting in my kitchen, so i'm curious...
hope we can see some major progress on the black version.
i admit i was skeptical because of the delays there for a while, but this thing is mint. and im only using bustello.... [img]http://i60.tinypic.com/15wh3r9.jpg[/img]
i have spent the last couple days reconciling what we have shipped and have yet to fulfill.  as of aug. 26th almost all single green nomads have shipped.  only a few remain (less than 10) that still need address, contact, or other information.  for green nomads with extra drawers we have shipped all but about 30.  those will go out in the next couple of days.  so if you are waiting for a green nomad with drawer please give it a couple more days and it should arrive.  the ks site "rewards sent" indication has also been brought up to date so you can check there if you have any question about whether or not your nomad has been shipped.  for all those who have sent in comments and emails about how much they like and appreciate the nomad this is like music to our parched souls, thank you very much for taking the time to share your experiences.  for people still waiting for black nomads this is our prime focus and we will post an update early next week regarding this. curt morgan
kind words rarely purse my lips; and rare if ever do i comment on anything.  but, i have just pulled some amazing shots.  the first thing i did was remove the tcv, i'm a traditionalist.  next, i gathered a trilogy of beans and roasted them for a nice espresso.  i then gathered a nice saké cup; and posted it to the nomad.  on a la pavoni - i think the presoak is called a fellini; and utilized it here.  boys, you've got a hit here.  i pulled three consecutive shots of sweet gold.  thank you!  (for consistency, i used 208 water from the zojirushi - five seconds for each shot).
scott, i typically use the finest setting i can with the porlex, but so far i've only tried it once as my electric grinder has produced excellent results. the one shot i tried with the porlex wasn't particularly great, but then i was trying out some beans that i'd over-roasted to see if they needed to be thrown away or were drinkable (they were drinkable, but i've now mixed them in with other roasted beans to make them more palatable).
yep... too bad we can not change the color. i am really pissed to have to wait again and again.
i'm still waiting on my black unit. wishing i had chosen green or could change it tbh. oh well. any updates on a timeline for the black units?
i see that deliveries are going out, but the last update was back around july 25th. would you provide weekly or biweekly updates to the backers indicating how many nomads were scheduled for production, how many have been produced to date, how many have been shipped, and how many rewards remain unfulfilled?  that would give those of us who have not yet received their machines a warm and fuzzy feeling! also, should we expect that the black nomads will be produced/shipped later than all the green ones? thanks.
peter, what grind setting have you been using on the porlex.
ok, as i said, my nomad arrived today, and i just wanted to say i am very pleased. this isn't just a well-designed espresso maker; it's a work of art. it's clear that it was a labor of love on your part, and that you did in fact make every effort to get the quality control right. it feels like a finely-machined tool, not a cheap piece of plastic kitchenware. i made one cup, and it couldn't have been easier! well done, and i hope you sell millions of them!
im still waiting anxiously for mine. in the mean time: http://youtu.be/qluahjxcdlm
i just got mine! water is boiling for the first rinse-through. i'm a bit thick, apparently. all my cups are too tall, and i thought, "well, crud, now i have to go buy espresso cups."  then the other half of my brain kicked in and said, "hey, you could always just put the nomad on top of a book..."  duh. so, i must have missed something. why did chris maser ask who got #147?
thanks for the suggestion about raising the machine, but it's easier to just use an espresso cup and then transfer it as needed. after making a few shots, i've figured out that a small jug is very useful to measure the boiling water into so that the right amount (100ml is what i've been using) of water goes into the reservoir.
hello, i have not received my uni-terra yet... is a shipping number available?
if anyone is interested in getting a second nomad (green), i am selling my unopened unit. email me at mxm408@gmail.com.
i have been soured on ks as of late with some campaigns and the new tos, but then i receive a reward as phenomenal as the nomad and i am satisfied.  works flawlessly, good looking, and also portable.  what more could one want.  using that reminds me of going into a mom and pop cafe in florence, italy and having my very first espresso.  hope you sell thousands and very well done!!!
received #300 today in lunenburg, nova scotia canada! $27.95 in import duties for me. i have pulled a few shots so far. the first pretty good but then i chocked the machine twice. i'll have to dial in the grind size a little coarser ;)
peter, put a board, a stack of magazines or something to prop up the nomad, then you don't need to pull off that acrobatic maneuvers again in order to pull shots into a high cup.
wow! that's an amazing little machine. i tried the machine at work, but made americanos into cups that were too big to fit under - it's tricky balancing the machine on the side of a table and operating it with one hand while your other hand holds the cup in place. tried it at home with some proper home-roasted beans and was amazed with the results. i know my electric grinder isn't great (it's a cheap-ish burr machine), but the shots came out perfectly with about 1cm of crema on top. i'll have to try it again tonight with my porlex grinder to see how well it works with a more consistent grind.
hey guys, any update on the blacks? if it's going to take long, is there an option for us to swap to green ones?
well it arrived and is bigger than i imagined.  like the packaging.  still have to get some beans!
just waiting for dhl to deliver my green nomad here in the uk (although i had to pay them £13 duty) and am excited now! @kevin - in general you'd want a very fine grind for espresso. a bit finer than typical filter coffee, but not so fine that it becomes dust.
my green nomad shows up tomorrow yeah!  time to go get some beans.
so it says to add finely ground coffee buy since i don't have a grinder what setting do i tell the folks at the coffee roaster to grind?
got my ks green today in massachusetts, usa.
this thing is awesome! great work guys, well worth the wait. a few small things:  1) the rubber feet fell off almost straight away, not a big deal as i can re-glue them back on myself.  2) your instructions say turn your grinder to as fine as possible, i have a nice baratza grinder, and when i put it down to fine the nomad gets to the red zone and will never actually spit out any coffee, about 1/4 of the way it works well.  3) it would be handy to add to the faq how full the filter basket. 4) the dhl shipping was really quick, but the $15 import fee into canada on only $4 duty was a bit rude (i know this isn't uni terra's fault). overall though i'm extremely happy i backed this project! great job working through all the issues and making this thing a reality!
i got 151, i hope is shipped next week....
who's the lucky stiff that got kickstarter edition #147?
@woo - from a comment posted (yesterday) on their last update: "the injection molding factory is still working on getting rid of cosmetic imperfections of the black main case and cube.  glossy black surfaces reveal flaws more than other colors.  it has been a struggle getting it look as good as the green nomad.  yesterday the test comes out with good improvements, with a new material formula, and tomorrow there is another test scheduled.  while we are working on getting the green ones individually tested and shipped (110 unites shipped so far and we are getting practiced and faster), we let the molding factory try their best.  once the look passes inspection then assembly will start followed by shipping"
hi, how about the black nomad? will it be shipped soon?
http://imgur.com/a/fqp8r
ugh. it's in reverse. start from the bottom.
is it normal for the nomad to drip for a minute after making a shot?
hey, how about some pics from those who received their nomad...
i just got my nomad. made my shot of espresso, and i must say all the hype is real. makes great espresso with minimal effort.
just had my first nomad coffee cup!  i have to say that the quality was worth the wait. i used kimbo macinato fresco coffee powder. perfect for an authentic neapolitan espresso!
david, post some pictures!
hi guys, i've got my green nomad today, yay! it's slightly bigger than i expected, but nonetheless the device looks sexy. will try to get some coffee beans in the next few days, can't wait to put nomad to action!
just like to say that i appreciate the bravery to have another delay in order to keep the quality. i think you made exactly the right decision as i don't want to have waited for it to turn up and then accidentally break it just a short time afterwards.
hi guys, my illy cups are in the cup warmer and my beans are ready to be ground - any news on whether nomads are on their way over or not? presumably, dhl either has them or it doesn't. can you please update us all? thank you.
hi cm, the request for phone number is just us responding to both dhl and our taiwan manufacturer's request for that information.  they say it is the best way to guarantee that all shipments arrive correctly.  so we are just trying to provide the information they have requested.  we have no other intended use for your phone number and wouldn't have gone to this effort if they didn't require it.  if you don't want to provide your phone number that is fine and understandable and of course we will still do our best to get your nomad delivered.  we are shipping over 750 units so it requires some logistics to get them all out and properly delivered and we're just trying to do that the best way.   thanks to everyone for your help and patience. curt
im sorry, but im suspicious; you should have all the info you need to ship my product to me--dhl or no dhl.
@carolyn they posted a very long update the day after curt's last comment...
it is now 3rd july, how is that update going?
yes, you are absolutely right we owe you information and update, i have written one and am just trying to get confirmation of a couple of things before posting it.  as far as concerns about whether or not everyone will get a unit - please don't worry about this.  we have 1,000 units now being assembled.  i will try to get the update posted in the next day or two, just don't want to post until i'm sure about things. curt morgan
just to let you know curt. i, for one, an enthusiastic supporter, would prefer a brief, "thanks for being patient, things are happening," as an update periodically. much more preferable then nothing. of course we can all imagine that you are fine tuning and coming into the home stretch. all the more reason to keep your fans and supporters in the loop.
i've been burnt by a couple of projects, but i've got faith that we'll get our nomads eventually. to be honest, i'd prefer to get it a few weeks late rather than have a slightly defective component.
at least nomad actually exists. better than the schmucks that backed. star citizen.
"at the expense of couples of week" seriously... not being good at predicting the future is one thing. not being good at explaining issues to backers immediatly after it happened is another thing. seriously dont ask me then to review the communication upon this project. just make me feel not backing anymore project here with timelines like this one.
i got burned on the indiegogo meterplug fundraiser...im getting that same feeling again....dangit.
i think the concern is more that you all make statements as to timelines and then rather than update as the issues pop up, you instead wait until the timeline has passed and then communicate - usually only after prompting. as i'm sure you're aware this project is significantly passed your initial timelines, so concern over missed dates without communication is obviously concerning.
if we have demonstrated anything over the last months it is that we are not good at predicting the future.  we do want to post an update but not until we have some definite shipping information.  the recent delay is this.  we had two molded parts that came out with visual flaws.  the part design is good, the mold design is good, we just had a slightly flawed run.  our manufacturer suggested that they be rerun.  our molder agreed to do so as their responsibility.  the flaws were minor, 80% of people probably wouldn't even notice them.  it was a judgment call that we made on the side of maintaining quality.  there is much pressure right now, not just for kickstarter delivery but for other reasons as well to say "it's good enough, just make it".  but as before we choose to maintain our high standards at the expense of a couple of weeks.  when the two parts are remade, inspected and verified as good then we should have a specific schedule for assembly and shipping and will post an update. i do understand the angst and apologize for the delays.  we are doing our best to get it done and make it right. curt
can you let us know what are these two weeks for?
it seems like it's time for an update as two weeks ago it was stated it'd be shipping in about ten days and now there's another two week estimate.
i thought it was supposed to be shipped beginning of june... kind of tired
hi j.s. right now my best estimate is in about two weeks. we will post an update shortly when we have more specific information.  thanks, curt
would love an update too! moving in a month so hoping it gets shipped soon! :)
just got my email confirming address details ready for shipping- very excited!!
very roughly in about ten days, should be able to be more specific at the end of the week. curt morgan
any updates on shipping?
i would also like to change my color choice to green if it's not too late.
is it possible for me to change my colour choice to green as well? no problem if it's not convenient.
i also would like to change my color choice to green if possible. thanks, carlo
hi curt, since the kickstarter units haven't been produced yet, is there any chance i could change my color choice to green? thanks, grant
hi, sorry for our lack of communication lately and i do understand your desire for updated information.  we were very occupied with preparing for the seattle trade show, traveling to the show, exhibiting and returning from the show, then trying to keep up with the resulting inquiries and distributor requests, and of course continuing to push on production.  a new update is posted today with photos.  thanks, if you have more questions i will try to answer them. curt morgan
estimated delivery august 2013... did u guys make a mistake and it should be august 2014? then everything is fine :-/
i am an enthusiastic supporter of this project, but i have to say, it is pretty nervy to let a whole month go by with no communication to the backers, when you are this delayed and have a succession of problems that are not being addressed.
one day...
hello, any updates on shipping schedule?  the last update said early may so wondering if there's been any progress.
man, i'm gettin' thirsty. :)
i got a chance to use one of the production models at the scaa. i pulled a overly long shot, one that should have been ruined. it tasted great. i'm absolutely sold on this machine. operating the nomad is beautifully simple, and quite intuitive. i can't wait!
i have ordered two units but because of the delay one for me in australia and one for my daughter in europe. i leave for europe in a week and i cannot take the second one as a present to my daughter in europe as i planned because of the delays. so is it possible to ship the second unit to her address in germany. i cannot see how to do this on the survey which only allows for one address. thanks harry armytage  if this is possible the second address is: sebastian hilbert/ teresa armytage merkendorf 25 zeulenroda-triebes 07950 germany
working on an update now, will post in a day or two as soon as i have updated information from taiwan. curt
is there an update?
just now got notice to fill out survey, must be getting very close to shipping!
hi grant, sorry about that, being a bit behind as usual.  just been very busy with business start up details and deadlines.  i hope to get the survey out this weekend and also post an update. curt morgan
hi there, in a previous update, you mentioned that the backers would soon receive a survey so we could confirm our shipping information.  could you clarify when you expect the surveys will be sent out? thanks, grant
just saw the video of nomad result in clear glass, hmm ... can't wait to get my unit. when will i receive it? my location is in indonesia. thanks
hi howard, cup clearance height is 6.8 cm.  in addition to standard espresso cups there are 8 0z (~220 ml) cups that fit under that height. curt curt
i'm shopping for a set of cups to use with my nomad.  what is the maximum cup height i can use?
thanks for the update.  one little concern--the video makes it look like you can barely get a cup under the nomad in the right place to fill it. the coffee almost spills over the rim and out--and thats a tiny cup there too. how about a little extension that releases the coffee further away from the housing? thanks
hi, actually the factory is now back from holiday and working.  we have run a few beta units which are being tested now and we hope to publish an update in the next few days, just waiting until we have meaningful information. curt morgan, uniterra inc.
can we assume the nomad factory is shut down for the lunar new year and we shouldn't look for an update before march?
hey guys,  thanks for your hard work to get these made.  i can't wait to get the email that they have shipped. hopefully all is going well with the factory at this point. donald
hi salvador, chris, not yet ready for an update but here's a quick note.  we're trying to get our beta run (30 units for testing) done this month before the asian holiday starts.  if we make it we'll issue an update then and be able to hone in on the schedule. curt morgan, uniterra inc.
when something changes with the prototypes, i'm sure they will. i'm cool waiting another month or so to get something that blows the competition out of the water. until then i got boring drip to keep me going.
please, update !
hi chris, the nomad weight is about 2.5 lbs (1.1 kg) dry.  the dimensions are 15 x 15 x 15 cm.  these are both preliminary figures but the final should not vary by much.  we will post exact specifications shortly once we build the first few units.  the most up to date photo of the unit is the first photo at the end of update # 14.  we are still tweaking color and handle finishes and hopefully will have some new photos up in a couple weeks. curt morgan, uniterra inc.
oy! can i get weight and basic dimensions? gonna take it to australia in the winter. well, my winter. also, can i see some pics of what it's like now?
thanks chris, we're still working on it, i hope to post an update in a few days,  we definitely will not ship until it is ready. curt
better delayed with potential problems fixed than shipped with inferior machinery.
any chance we can get an update?  we're already two months passed the original delivery date so a little more communication would be appreciated.
any chance of receiving this beauty before the end of november?  leaving for europe on the 21st and i was hoping to show this baby off.
hi nomad team, would you mind giving us an update? many thanks! jaene
good news. looking foreword to november delivery.
hi, at present we are waiting for the toolmakers to complete the molds and tooling.  we should have some news regarding this near the end of this month (oct.).  we are still planning for delivery in november at this time. curt morgan uniterra inc.
any update?
an official update for the backers would be a good idea, including the information you have put in the comments. :)
ok, noted guys, vincent has been collecting some photos of the work he has been doing over in taiwan and we'll try and post them along with some more information in the next week.  thanks for the support and patience, we're doing our best to make it all worth it. curt morgan uniterra inc.
yes, it would be great if there were constant updates at least monthly. it would also be great if there were pictures of manufacturing process, or new parts that were moulded etc. i don't mind the wait either, but i also want to be kept informed as well.
thank you curt for the longed for news. it would have been great to get this piece of news in an update since the eaestimated delivery was august. i do not mind waiting for an improved nomad but please keep us informed.
hi martin, no the project is not gone dead, far from it.  as we transcended to manufacturing we realized that we could improve the design of some of the internal components.  doing so would delay the product launch by a couple of months but result in a stronger and more reliable product.  so we decided that making a better product was more important than delivering it in august.  our manufacturer in taiwan is presently creating the tooling to manufacture the product (injection molds, etc.).  vincent chen is there overseeing the progress.  we are scheduled to run first test parts through the molds around september 20th, and then run production in october and deliver nomads in november.  we believe you will be very pleased with the result.  thanks again for your support and interest. curt morgan uniterra inc.
is the project gone dead ?
update?
yes, an update would be grateful!
how goes the battle? we'd love to get an update on your progress! thanks.
hi! haven't heard from you guys in a while. how're things going? cheers
hi, i would also appreciate an update very much! regards, jaene.
hey guys, how are things coming along? a production update would be awesome.
great! thanks so much - can't wait to get this!! good work guys!
no problem tiffany.  we will send out a survey before we ship the product and in there you can specify the color you want.  thank you so very much for backing the nomad on kickstarter.
so glad it funded!! very excited for this =) i do have a question however - is it possible to change the color that i backed? i backed the black version and now i'm eyeing the green =)
i am glad this was funded.  going on a 5 thousand mile road trip....wish it was funded sooner.
so, has it shipped out yet? i jest, i jest. i just wanted to know when we can see examples of the final colors and products.
thanks, think i will go with illy grounded coffee as it is available locally. @david, yes it is with a tamper as posted by uniterra on feb 27.
maybe i'm missing it... does the nomad set come with a tamper, or do i need to find one of those on my own? looking forward to my first "real" espresso machine. this looks fantastic!
great looking machine guys!  i look forward to purchasing one in the future.  congratulations on the funding.  viva la espresso!
shukun, look for freshly roasted espresso blends from your local coffee joints.  packaged lavazza and illy are great, too.  yes absolutely you can enjoy espresso with sugar.  in fact, sucking a lump of raw sugar while sipping strong espresso brew is a very popular thing to do in europe.
congrats for successfully funded~ you are my first espresso machine. very new to espresso, hope to get some answers. any recommendation on the coffee beans i can brew a nice cuppa of espresso? do i add sugar in my espresso?
brian you are a lucky guy.
i am so incredibly excited!!!! congrats on getting funded!  although i have to admit, i'm slightly nervous... my wife is already warning me that she'll be making and consuming espresso non-stop ;)
many thanks to all backers.
hi i'm joining kickstarter.com for this project, can't wait to get my unit. great works guys
christopher we are sorry to hear that you hit some rough bumps.  you have our very best wishes.  keep our fingers crossed for you.  come back strong!
@uniterra yeah, i knew that would be the case. it's just that an unexpected medical expense has come up which meant i had to lower my pledge. i'll still buy one, as soon as i can, whatever the full retail price may be! it's a fantastic product and i so wish that i could be getting in on the early adopter special but life happens and you have to roll with the punches.
easy peasy - & still 3 days to go :-)
congratulations on hitting your goal!
however, christopher, the early adopter special discounted price ends at the end of the kickstarter campaign, which is only 3 days away.
christopher, yes we are exploring potential mechanisms to make the nomad and parts available after the end of the kickstarter campaign.  we will keep you updated on this.
ditto.
if i want to order a new nomad or parts after this project ends, will you guys have them available?
congrats guys. i can't wait to get mine! woo hoo!
awesome! we did it!
unitera, what's the best coffee grinder (i.e. kyocera)  and/or grind precision that the nomad will just love? will we be able to order drawers or parts from your website way after kickstarter project ends? can we use the coffee chamber right away after wash? or must wait till its dry? since water goes through it, does it make any difference ? and what about the cocoa ? ;)
we did it !!
we did it!
right - thats sorted - lets get this show on the road...
looks like we're going to make it *fingers crossed*
#525->  $220 for a green machine w/extra drawer. sending out a heads up to a few more friends!
i am backing it with 190$.... go nomad... go!
thank you asuperstar, marco, sabreen, and you all bakers.
upgraded my pledge $220 $165+$55
i'd like to get an extra machine as a gift. would i be able to do that? how much extra to my pledge should i add?
upgraded
oh my - well then we would be further - anyway i will be able to make the two cups in a flash - sure am looking forward to this
$220 $165 + $55
you know what - if all backers had ordered a second coffee draw we would be funded by now (478 * $210 = $100,380)  so we cannot be far off!
http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/uniterra-nomad/nomadtm-the-go-everywhere-espresso-machinetm/#chart-exp-projection it looks like its going to make it!!
just started spreading it around at work.  lots of coffee snobs here so hopefully i pulled a few others in to get in on the action.
this is my first time supporting some one on kickstarter as well.  i am super excited to see this machine make it's debut.
grant.  rinse the filter basket and drawer after each use.  if the water is hard with lots of calcium compounds, once in a few months a common espresso machine cleaner/decalcifier can be used to clean away the scale in the hot water tank and water pathways.  please follow the instruction of the espresso machine cleaner.
it's gonna be close.
great idea, this is my first supported kickstart project. i hope we can make it.
how often should it be cleaned?
it now appears that this is going to happen!
i absolutely love this idea. i'm hoping that we make the deadline!
if this doesn't make it, i'm done with kickstarter. great project, best luck to you!
thank you!
add $55.00 to your pledge amount and note the extra amount is for a second drawer when we communicate with you for shipping details.
how  much do i have to increase my pledge by in order to get an additional basket ?
i think i've found a machine where even i can make a decent cup of espresso.  now if someone will start a kickstarter project for a perfect milk whipper/steamer for cappuccino (hint, hint).
managed to 'convince' my mate he needs one of these in his life - so we are another one closer to our 'cup of joe on the go'  ;-)
if all the current backers gave an additional 110, it will definitely make it. just saying...
it'll make it. it has to. it's too damn useful!
i see the trend for the past 6 days has increased greatly !  what ever you are doing to get the word out uniterra keep it up!  i was starting to loose hope but at this point we are back up to 79% and trending higher everyday!
awesome marco.  yes together let's make it happen!
everyone, let's start posting the nomad page on facebook, tweeter, google+, etc. so that we can get this project funded. i travel a lot for work and would love to have the nomad with me in hotel rooms and not have to endure horrible coffee that's served at hotel lobbies. i already posted this to my facebook and tweeter feeds!!!
hi chris, yes a tamper will be included, presently under design.  if you want more than one unit or an extra coffee drawer just increase your pledge amount accordingly and send us a note to let us know what you want. thanks very much for your support. uniterra inc.
will a tamper be included (even if it is just a cheap plastic one) and can i order 2 (one of each colour) machines?
shany, yes cocoa should be a great treat!  actually an innovative brewing cocoa vendor is shipping us some sample to try it out.  stay tuned for the cocoa brewing test update.
@uniterrra. what about a nice cup of cocoa??
kye, thanks for supporting us.  don't worry it doesn't just make great espresso but also a really great cup of coffee (americana).   curt
hope you make your goal! i'll have to learn to like espresso!
hope this project gonna get more backing wind, i joined today because i always wanted to give my parents a nice espresso machine, and this one looks really cool and also manual work makes it more unique :)
oh,  hurr. reading comprehension.
chris, our early adopter units at a pledge of $165 have an estimated delivery of august not may.  only the $20 pledge has an estimated may delivery.  we would love to get everyone nomads as soon as possible but it is not possible to have production units before august.  thanks for your support. uniterra inc.
assuming this meets its goal, which i hope it will, i'm assuming that the shipping time of may will still hold? i'll need this on,  or preferably before june 22nd. got a camping trip and i'd like to both have it and have time to familiarize myself with it beforehand.
warren, yes you are totally right.  having a green zone is in the plan.  the pressure gauge supplier will be able to do that for us.  we simply used off the shelf parts in this prototype.
thanks for the update - and look forward to hearing about it in the media. i have a suggestion in relation to the pressure gauge and the labelling in bars - also put a 'green band' colour (color) for the right pressure - that way people getting into coffee have visual feedback - 'keep it in the green' for a great coffee type thing.... anyway great to hear you guys are committed - thanks
warren, thank you for backing the nomad and for spreading the word.  it is greatly appreciated.  we have retained a public relations specialist.  a major press release is reaching hundreds of media by tuesday.  the nomad will also appear in an email news letter this week that reaches 9,000 people.  whether or not these steps will get us to our goal remains to be seen.  however, we totally believe in the nomad.  we use it every day and when it is not available for some reason it is like missing a good friend.  if we don't make the kickstarter goal, rest assured we are committed to bring the nomad to the market, one way or another. increased social networking activity would also greatly help the cause.  all backers please take a few seconds to like us on facebook: http://www.facebook.com/espressonomad and follow us on twitter: https://twitter.com/nomadespresso
hi guys - i have been following the kicktraq for a while on this project - i would really (really really!) like to see this project happen - and i have been telling as many coffee people as i know - but if you are going to start this pr thing then i think the sooner the better please .. this might not be the time or place but do you have contingency plans?
we have a fresh, large scale pr campaign getting started now to bring in people outside of the kickstarter circle.  backers of the nomad please help give nomad a boost: like our facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/espressonomad follow us on twitter @nomadespresso curtis, thank you for backing the nomad and the timely comment.
i'm optimistic, but check out these stats: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/uniterra-nomad/nomadtm-the-go-everywhere-espresso-machinetm/ hopefully things will pick up, ehh. : )
you are right that we need some wider media exposure and we are working on that front.  however, better videos will up the conversion rate when people actually visit the project.  talks, blogs about the nomad are popping up more and more on the net around the world.  yes please let's all pass it around, get words out.  nomad will beat your expectations when you get the real thing on your hands in august.
for the project to reach its goal, it definitely needs to be covered on some other websites or magazines. at this point, most of the coffee drinkers that visit kickstarter will have seen the project. i think positive press coverage is definitely more important then a new video.
terry, no offense taken, we are trying to line up someone for a more professional voice over and hope to make other video updates in a few days.  thanks for your enthusiasm and support. curt uniterra inc.
i can't wait to get mine! let's all take the time to pass the link around so we can hit the 100,000 goal. new video is better but you need a voice with more enthusiasm (no offense)! i like that the creator does the vo but we need someone who sounds excited about the product so we can get people who aren't as big coffee fans excited about the product. keep up the good work and i really really hope we hit the goal. honestly all you need is a 60-90 second spot that has some nice beauty shots of the product in action and a simple, enthusiastic voice, explaining why it is so amazing. the majority of projects that aren't over 50% by the end of the first week don't get their funding so we all need to pass it around!
the new video is very well done.
hi phillip, yes, actually a tamper will be included with each nomad, presently under design. we are also considering going to a slightly larger diameter filter basket so that dimension is not yet locked in. uniterra inc.
i am guessing that the tamp is not included what size will be needed to fit?
dear oliver, that's an excellent question.  yes the pressure gauges of the production units will be labeled in bars. we thank you for backing the project. uniterra
dear uniterra, this looks like an interesting project i'm happy to back. i added the dollar amount for a second drawer and shipping to europe.  a question: the pressure gauges in the video are in psi - an american unit. have you consider labelling the pressure directly in bar or in hectopascals for the international backers? thanks and best of luck with your project. oliver
guys you are very observant, yes a couple of the seashore shots in our video appear dilute.  they were done at a busy public gazebo on a cliff at laguna beach, california.  after a few retakes we were running out of coffee, and the water we brought in a bottle was getting cold.  in addition, the strong, direct sunshine back lighting made the shot look translucent in the video.  the shot that occurs at 4:40 in the kickstarter video is probably the most representative of a typical nomad double espresso we taste and enjoy everyday.  regarding the true crema valve, it is in the flow path after the standard filter basket and can be easily removed.  if you are skilled in tuning the fineness of the grounds and tamping technique you can use the nomad without the valve and it will function similarly to any high quality espresso machine.  we will post some additional videos in the next few days.  thanks for your interest and support.
in response to michael about the dilute shots in the video, i think those were over-pulled shots with less coffee in the filter basket so that they could pump the water and move out of the way so there was no one in the scene.
nice to see the recent update. hopefully more will come down the line. i would also like to see some better videos of shots being pulled, ranging from single to double. also, a video showing a close-up of your true crema valve, because i'm not really sure what that is. i think the more thorough the exposure, the better. it would also be nice to see some genuine reactions and usage from trained baristas not associated with your company. thank you.
backed the project a few days ago but i'm a little concerned about the shots pulled in the promo video. the shots don't look good at all. they look dilute and also have poor colour (for lack of better words), similar to how a shot that had channeled would look. i'd like to suggest posting another video or two of what the nomad can really do? i'm just concerned that the shots shown in the promo video might turn potential backers away. please consider
great idea! looking forward to my 1st shot.
thank you on the new color selection!  now i hope we make it to the final goal!
ok. that clears things up.  i will add in the additional pledge. any chance we can as an early adopter have the ability to choose a different color outside of the lime green?
to accommodate early adopters who desire a second coffee drawer shipped together with the nomad in august, 2013, you can add $55.00 to your pledge amount and note the extra amount is for a second drawer when we communicate with you for shipping details.  with two coffee drawers you can load and pack both drawers with coffee and then after making the first espresso swap the drawers and make a second. this allows you to make two high quality double shot espresso drinks in about two minutes. this coffee drawer is a complete assembly of drawer, pressure chamber, filter basket, and true crema valve™
i apologize that i didn't see this earlier. creator uniterra 3 days ago the 2nd drawer delivery issue has been clarified on the pledge description and faq. the extra coffee drawer will come with the nomad. if your nomad's delivery is in aug, 2012, it will come with the extra drawer in the same package. thank you for the clarification.  :-)
yes please show how we can get a second drawer.
wow.  just noticed the extra drawer is completely removed as an option.  so as a early pledge of $165 do we get 2 drawers ?
uniterra,  kickstarter does not allow for two seperate pledges on the same account.  the only option we have which i have done many times in the past is to increase the pledge to the correct dollar amount for the combination of products and then when you send the email for shipping details there are fields to enter what we have pledged for. this is something the project creator has to offer on and clarify to pledgers.
i agree with sam l.
hi i just backed your project. i've backed many projects where the kickstarter edition of a product is usually more expensive. it's great that you're making the kickstarter edition for the earlybirds but could i please request that as an early backer you get to choose the colour? i think lime green isn't a very popular colour and black as a standard might be better. as there will be many people (1000) backing you early could you allow us to choose between at least 2 colours. lime and another (maybe black)?
you can't pledge for two different pledges, so don't get how i can add an additional drawer?
the 2nd drawer delivery issue has been clarified on the pledge description and faq.  the extra coffee drawer will come with the nomad.  if your nomad's delivery is in aug, 2012, it will come with the extra drawer in the same package. the kickstarter pledge entry form mechanism does not let us add dollar amounts from separate pledge entries.  it does not allow, either, two different amounts in the same pledge entry.  please pledge for the extra coffee drawer separately and we will combine all rewards for each supporter when shipping.
and will i receive the nomad in august and then receive the 2nd drawer in november or will my order be delayed if i add the two together ?
the 2nd coffee drawer pledge for $55, can that dollar amount be just added to the initial early adopter special pledge ?
10th backer! very excited. hoping to see some user reviews of the machine before the project ends. one question: how much coffee can the filter basket hold? i know you can pump as much water as you want, but can you pack enough coffee for a single shot and/or twice as much for a double shot, depending on what you want? thanks for your help.
what a brilliant idea! i too can't wait to try my first cup. cheers from always sunny and coffee-mad australia.
it's our honor to have you as our first backer mr. collins.  much appreciation!
first. i can't wait for my first cup!
