very happy with this bag :) thank you very much
after 2 years of non stop use, i would not change a word in my 2014 comment, and i still love your bag. thanks again, it's not everyday that a ks project change your day to day life for the better!
hi aaron, i broke in the man-pack 2.0 xl in over the past week.  hiking all over colonial williamsburg and hitting busch gardens.  i carried all things needed for the family for the adventure..through wind and rain and it held up very well.. comfort and style.  great design.. i haven't really approached you about my leather investment but as far as i am concerned i will wait until there is a xl leather to offer.  thanks again.. randy b.
awesome bert! can you add a review on the man-pack website? and keep an eye out for the man-pack "platinum" leather collection launching mid-september! each one is custom made and you can specify which shoulder you want it made for!
i just wanted to say how much i love my man-pack :) it is simply the perfect bag for me and i use it everyday. cannot wait to discover the  "platinum" line of premium products in leather!  thanks aaron.
hey spooky! sorry for the late reply. there is a lot going on here! thank you for the feedback! some of your recommendations are already being addressed. keep the feedback coming. and check out the kid-pack campaign launching friday. 4/25/14 the video is super funny!
cough, sorry! also top flap is not as wide a bag and zip not protected so potential for water in bag. more things- the wallet pocket was good, love the magnet. top twist closure is good, and looks brilliant but can come undone under pressure. phone pocket is perfectly located for access and size and padding- my s4 fits easily and securely. top flap is perfectly weighted to stay in place, not flip up. would love to order the smaller pack mark 3 when it comes out.... any hints on this? also discounts?
oh and i meant the laptop fits the main pocket, not the under pocket at the back :-) as for things like more molle i'm actually planning on slightly modding the bag, want pictures when done?
my xl arrived last month and i've been trialling it out. thoughts below: the zipped pockets inside the bag should be rubber coated not just metal as these rest against a larger laptop scratching it. more pockets outside:  on the side or on the front, preferably external access-internal pocket a removable insert to the inside pocket to separate the inside into two would work perfectly. touch more padding on edging of strap as it can cut into skin/irritate when carrying weight, i.e. laptop. molle on front and side not just strap? little more fabric like than plastic in looks, maybe :-) love the under-pocket as it is perfect for a tablet or an extension cord. overall i love the bag as it fits everything i wanted in a laptop bag while being shoulder mounted- i hate backpacks. oh and the xl easily fits a 15in asus r550 notebook in height with a little bit of room to go. the bag is actually way bigger in width than the notebook so no issues there either.
hey rich, i just checked and yours slipped through. i'll send out another. if anyone else has not received theirs, please contact me.
just following up-you had a post in jan that all orders went out. it's now march and i haven't received mine yet.
thank you david. like i said, i'll look at this for future designs. i am always tweaking the design, just like the pocket. and i know it won't be easy. no great undertaking is ever easy. we'll keep going though. :)
thanks for the reply, i still recommend putting the zipper on the side or top. i think many people would probably agree with me on this one (or not). the other velcro and magnet stuff isn't necessary. hope you get the shark tank spot, and good luck for the future; it's not going to be an easy road.
concerning where we go from here! well i just shot an audition tape for abc's shark tank the day before yesterday. there will be another kickstarter campaign in about 8-9 weeks for a solar powered backpack for which i am looking for a non-profit youth oriented organization to partner with as a benefactor. you are going to see the man-pack reviewed in some well circulated publications in the coming months. so things are growing, and i'm just trying to keep up. havn't taken a paycheck yet. everything going back into the business. objectives for 2014 are to expand distribution and expand product line.
hey david, i didn't mean to sound short. a lot going on here and i wanted to respond. i do miss some comments here and there. i had 3 options. magnets, velcro, or zippers. magnets that strong wipe data, velcro makes noise pollution, the zipper was the way to go. i can look into placing the pocket differently, but not without some major changes. however, my intent going forward is to expand the product line so that there will be different products for different lifestyles. and concerning the size. i have always said an ipad would fit in that back pocket, not a laptop. you have to put the laptop in the main compartment. basically any laptop with smaller than a 17" screen will fit in that compartment. i measured a lot of them to get the perfect size.
lol. i was hoping for some more constructive dialogue. el also brought up this structural/functional issue of having a zipper on the bottom vs. on the side/top. other possibilities still allow for concealment with possibly a less likely chance of scratching the laptop. what's the pros/cons of this design and what do you think of changing it for future designs. since it was somewhat presented it as a laptop carrying compartment (at least a viable option), i'd love for it to be ideally used for my laptop (especially since i use my laptop way more than anything else). for some reason i also though that a 14.5 inch laptop would fit since you mentioned to another backer earlier that a 14  inch laptop earlier would fit into the xl and didn't mention anything when he alluded to a 15 inch dimension. (i have a hp envy 14). a bit disappointing. being that this endeavor is your full-time job now. where does the man-pack brand/product go from here?
then use it for something else david. works good for hiding stuff too. it's kind of concealed.
i'm not a big fan of the zippered laptop compartment with the zipper on bottom. zippers on bottom just never felt safe with me.
received the other day! finally it has arrived! thanks for everything aaron n. tweedie!
i got mine a week or so ago. overall i like it, the strap was too long for my chest so i had to add about 3-4 inches of velcro to get a good fit while also having a solid connection between the two. i love the brown colour!
just got mine last night, and they are awesome. great product aaron, it was worth the waiting.
got mine today and loving it!! can't wait to use them on my trip soon. thank you.
aaron thanks for the follow-up on the water resistance.   after my man-pack dried out i gave it a water test in my kitchen. i agree with your assessment on the outer pocket with drain grommet and redesigned flap. i found that the fabric around the zipper allows water seepage as well. if you close the zipper shut so the only opening is on one side, hold the bag to the light you can see day light through the fabric surrounding the zipper teeth.  if you drip or spray water on this area it comes through. the top is protected by the main flap, but the sides are not so any contact with rain allows moisture through as well  you may want to consider covering the complete top zipper with a flap/placard.of come kind. i may take mine to the cobbler and have him sew a strip of something to cover the zip from side to side to at least protect from falling rain and have the flap on the top made to cover. welcome the franken-pack.
aaron, super nice...but what was your reason for not making them waterproof? thanks, tom.
got mine (classic) yesterday and i like it a lot. with the strap extension, it is probably the most comfy bag i have ever had ! and it looks really good... on the less bright side, the front pocket is for me pretty much useless (does not even properly close on the "side" and i do not think that having pen on the outside is really useful (it does rain in france) . talking about the rain, i would really appreciate if aaron could give us a follow up about the issue    dean housden was having (see below).
just got my manpack today, what a great feeling like this, it's a perfect fit for my things, thanks for this coming
hey pearl, i marked them all as "gifts" on the customs form. i thought that would negate any tax consequences for you guys. because technically, they are "gifts". you guys pledged, and i gave you a reward gift. i'll find out how to make sure the taxes don't occur for the next kickstarter campaign. sorry!
postman brought it to my door this morning and i couldn't take it as i owe custom duty on it and i didn't have any cash on me. sucks.
today, i took the classic for a test run... and a few chicks glanced at my man-pack. awesome. what i really like about the man-pack:  - the velcroed chest strap - the padded bottom access compartement. - the front pen holders (i use them to hold electronic cigarettes) - the chest mounted utility pocket: it's exactly the right size, and that magnet button is pretty awesome. potential improvements: - dual access padded compartment (ie: accessible from the top also, not just the bottom) thanks for designing this aaron. no more bulky backpacks for me.
nvm!  sry gf was looking in the wrong spot
i just got my manpack xl.  i didnt know that the design is different from the regular and doesnt have the  concealed side pocket
man-pack landed in uk and looks / feels great. had to take a minor hit on customs fees but looking forward to testing it on the commute monday morning. ( no discount voucher here either )
agree with some of the suggestions on here.  with that said, so far this thing is great.  thought it looked pretty amazing out of the bag and have continued to enjoy it.  haven't run into the issues listed here and haven't put it through the ringer either.  with that said, not matter what was promised with the bag i'd test it first before putting a couple thousand dollars worth of stuff in it and walking in the rain.  doesn't make it right it didn't work correctly for a person or two, but geez, think a little.  and what's this about a discount code?  was that suppose to be in the bag?  how does one get one if one didn't have one in his or her bag?  cause like i said, this is great so far.
i love my pack! where is the promo fo the reorder? i didn't see it in my pack.
@aaron, rather then testing one outside (and hoping that it would rain :)), could you please check one under a 20 minutes light rain simulated from a shower head ? thanks... and no, i cannot do it with mine, i am based in france and i still did not get mine :)
got it and it looks great
i walk to work nearly every work day no matter what the weather and for most of my weekend grocery shopping, errands and other stuff.  in fact i don't own a car. the bag was shipshape and bristol fashion.  the zip closed, the pulls meeting at the top and the flap latched.   when i leave the house i make sure my bag is closed as it holds my keys, tablet, filofax sometimes the newspaper or a camera and other misc. stuff i may use that day.
@dean. i'll put one outside tonight. i find this hard to believe. did you zip the top shut or just close the flap? thank you for your feedback.
man-pack classic 2.0 -  swing and a miss swing:  the man-pack classic 2.0 is comfortable to wear swing:  it looks stylish  swing:  fabric seems waterproof. miss:  outside small pocket is the same width as the flap.   when the gussets where added no consideration was made for extra width this adds to the pocket.  the sides gape open and collect rain.  business cards or paper items become sodden with the slightest rain. miss:  while the fabric seems water proof the seams do not.   perhaps they should have been double stitched, wrapped or waterproofed in some way to prevent rain seeping in. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- i used my manpack classic 2.0 for the first time monday, feb 3, 2014 on my one-mile walk to work. there was a light rain or drizzle for most of my less than 20 minute walk.  no torrential downpour. sadly when i got to work the small outside pocket had collected water as had the main compartment. when i removed my leather filofax from the main compartment the bottom was completely wet and the whole thing was damp, including the bottom of every filler page and schedule.  the bottom of my electronic tablet was also noticeably wet to the touch. even though i left my man-pack empty, unzipped and open all day the water proof fabric may have prevented the interior from drying.  i ended up walking home from work with my possessions, including the man-pack, in a plastic cvs bag. a great idea poorly executed.  maybe another victim of least-cost contracting with every possible corner cut and functionality negated.   i may keep it in my closet awhile to wait until the weather is 100% precipitation-free but i would never take it on a trip overnight or a longer vacation.  i’ll have to wait and see if the damp turns to mold then decide. the bottom line for me is back to my old standby moutainsmith small backpack while i seek workable but stylish alternatives.
received mine on my side of the border today. looks really nice, solid and pro. i'm really happy with the result. my laptop fits just fine. my nexus 5 also fit in the compartment on the strap. everything just seems... right. love the size, big enough for what i have in there right now, but not too big. if i need a bigger bag, i'll just get a bag, this ain't no bad, it's a man-pack! my expectation are exceeded. glad to have contributed.
just received my black man-pack classic 2.0 this afternoon. i'm liking it so far. if you were to do a revision for a 3.0, i suggest you add: 1. handle at the top of the bag  2. pen/pencil holders on the inside of the bag (it extremely hard today and i had to put my pens inside the bag. 3. a bigger zipper compartment on the inside for cell phones. these new android phones are getting bigger in size! i had no problem stashing my iphone 5 inside the bag but i can see it being an issue for those who have big android phones like the lg g2, google nexus 5, and samsung galaxy note 3. otherwise i enjoy the man-pack and plan to order the xl for work use and a shoulder strap extension in the near future. i will be putting the man-pack to the test when i go out hiking during the weekends!
hi aaron, i read that i should be receiving the bag 2 days ago but have not received it yet. any updates?
one more suggestion: make a lefty version (especially for concealed carry).
my three (1 xl and 2 classic) man-packs arrived today and they look pretty good. i do have a few suggestions when you make version 3.0: 1. the beige needs to be a little darker. 2. use consistent fasteners on the flap closures. (you have a twist closure on the outer flap, a magnetic snap on the strap pouch, and a sewn-in magnet on the back pocket. the magnetic snap is the best of the three, and the sewn-in magnet looks cheap). 3, put the pen/pencil holders on the inside. 4. put a zippered compartment in the out flap on the underside. 5. put a hand-carry handle on the top. other than the above suggestions, you did a great job!
i love my man-pack.  took it on a hike and really like the way it fits.  great job.
just got it today. it looks great! thank you.
aaron, i couldn't be more pleased. thanks for a great bag!
first day with my man-pack and i absolutely love it! it is intuitively designed and perfectly executed! i look forward to your future projects!
man i got my man-pack and i love my man-pack it is awesome even my wife likes my man-pack ;-). .  but seriously i really like my man-pack . . it's spacious i love the brown color . . stores all my gadgets comfortably. . very lightweight can't wait to see how it does how long it holds up
i received my man-packs today, and they are great. the design is unique, and i like all the little details, such as the zippers in the inside of the bag being white for easier viability. this will be my bag of choice for work and travel.
wooohoo!!! i just received my man-packs! so far, i love 'em! great job aaron! thanks for all your hard work. i can't wait to see what's next.
glad you like it mike!
my man-pack didn't make it in time for my trip, but it was waiting for me when i got home today. wow!! i absolutely love it!! it is as awesome as advertised. thanks, aaron!!
@ charles: yup! i picked up the inventory today. the first 42 are packed already!
so if i understand correctly all bags should be shipped out by friday next week?
mustafa, i have your address. inventory arrives tomorrow!
any news ? :)
great, when you will get adress from us ? :) i cant remember if i give it or not.
yup, they are on there way. should arrive approx. jan 18th. then i will be shipping packages.
anyluck with shipping, so excited on counting down to get mine
@ brian- just sent out.
hey brian, i am trying to come up with something funny. it is tough. i'm thinking i should make a funny card, and another that is serious. that way no one is offended, and you guys can pick which one to use. clock is ticking. today is my last day at the full time job, and i intend to churn something out tonight.
any update on the christmas card idea? i will be exchanging gifts early this year on the 22nd. if you do decide to put something together will it be ready by then?
hey josh, just send me the new address via kickstarter and i'll update.
my mailing will change before they get shipped out. how do i update?
thanks!
@ david, i sent an e-mail yesterday and they were delivered from the factory to the freight company a few days early, so i am just waiting on a confirmation e-mail from the freight company. i would imagine they are either waiting to be loaded on a ship, or already sailing.
@ brian. that's a great idea! let me look into that.
have they shipped out yet?
hey aaron, have you considered putting together some sort of printable christmas card that could be used for those of us that planned to give a man pack as a gift. giving them something would sure be better then just an explanation, also i'm sure with your witty commercials as any indication, a card could be very entertaining :)
you should've asked if you weren't clear. also my bad for not clarifying, but that's exactly what i was asking about, your last update had nothing to do with whether we were still on track for the shipping dates.
hey david, i don't see a question. i just see you asked for an update. i posted an update about 48 hours after you asked for one. just so you know we are still on tract with the latest estimate of arrival. they are in production and set to ship out dec. 4. that should put them here in the first week of january.
um, what about my question.
@mustafa. certainly will be a tracking #. i plan to send via usps.
aaron, great work. have to ask that, international shippings will have a tracking number ?
update?
hi tom, they are made in hk. i'm more concerned with when they arrive in the usa so i can ship out. expect an update soon as to when you should receive your man-pack. -aaron
aaron, you mentioned, two weeks ago, that the man-pack will leave its point of origin on 11/27, what is the point of origin? thanks.tri.
@tom: the website is being redesigned right now. i should have a prototype by end of month. planning to take the new site live by nov 15th. the new site will have classic edition, ballistic inserts, tshirts, and preorders for 2.0, xl, and strap extensions.
@charles: word just in that they ship from origination point on nov. 27th, so they should arrive here just before christmas. it will be a mad dash marathon for me and i'll start dropping them in the mail as soon as they arrive. so you'll get it on your doorstep christmas eve, or in between dec 25th and jan 1
aaron, when will the"shoulder strap extenders" be on line. thanks. tri
just wondering.  now that the surveys are out.  how long do you estimate till you start shipping?
oh sorry. didn't even know it only came in black
if you pledged for the xl. it only comes in black so i did not include a color option. you pledged for an xl david. it is only in black.
if you pledged for all 3 colors i did not include color in survey.
....yea me too, major oversight.
i did the survey this morning but there wasn't an option to choose a color.
i just recieved production samples. you guys are going to love this! standby for an update. and you will be able to pre-order in about 4 weeks since the website is being redesigned to include additional products.
i also wish i increased my pledge. i should have gone for the classic 2.0 xl.
i also wished i increased my pledge. i should have gone for the classic 2.0 xl.
the more pictures i see the more i wish i could increase my pledge
aaron...just voted for you on https://www.smallbusinessbiggame.com/va/man-pack-/379829/ good luck. when will the kickstarter surveys (for type of bag(s) and shipping info be sent out? also, you mentioned putting a d-ring inside. that's great if you have keys that have some sort of clip on them, but a clip instead of the d-ring make the key-holding function much more versatile. jmho.
great aaron!!! so happy to hear you have decided to change the fabric! the pack will be so much better  i think and  look good for a longer period of time!( my opinion of course) great decision !! nick
aaron, i have recently received a few products from kickstarter and run into the same occurring issue. if there is any advice i would like to pass on, it's stitching. double and strong is the way to go, single stitches just don't hold up.
hi aaron was thinking, the canvas is a fabric that wears after a while and looks old. wouldn't it be an idea to create the bag with a durable, nylon or new material that is very strong and durable and does not show wear? kindly nick
sorry, that was meant for the update section....
the only thing with waxed cotton is that sometimes the smell can be quite strong.  i have a brand new waxed canvas jacket that my wife won't even let in the house.
i rather like the traditional darker brown (in waxed cotton duck) over the military "coyote" brown.
it's coming edward
updates?
@ will- i am in the process of getting pre-order buttons on the website. standby.
@deepra- i'll look into that trying to keep costs low. i've been contacted by plenty of add on services, but every bit of these funds are going to fulfilling the pledges.
@aaron, are you using backerkit to manage backers? ks allows only exactly one time survey. and the survey is not flexible. backerkit is much more flexible and do allow additional minor top up if needed. also some backers addresses might change till the day you ship out. so ks survey probably not that practical.
congratulations! i would like to echo bert on the strap extension, my bad for not realising i might need one, is there anyway i can paypal you the $7 over the website and have the strap added to my kickstarter order?
thank you el!
glad i stumbled across this product just before the funding closed! the 2.0 looks great! i'm not sure if i want to cary my ipad in an upside down pocket. taking it out will require some extra attention and doesn't it scratch when it rests on the zipper? just curious :) i'll probably just carry my ipad in the main comparment. the extra pouch on the front (where you keep your business cards) bulges a bit much on the 2.0. i assume you filled it with some material? overal the bag looks great. black looks really slick, but i'm also curious about the appearance of the oilcloth. great presentation for a great looking product so far. good luck getting this show on the road aaron.
congrats on your funding!
thank you everyone!
congrats!!!!!
congratulations on funding your project.
congratulations, @aaron! now the hard part, deliveries.
congratulations aaron. great job with the campaign.
concerning the strap extender, as i will need one and that i would like to avoid paying a lot of money on shipping to france, will it be possible to order it on your website and get it delivered packaged with the man pack in december 2013 ? thanks for your answer.
your doing a great job aaron.  the family is proud of you.
@travis- god up to 42"waist. over that you need a strap extender. i am working on a stretch goal right now and will post shortly
@ emilio- working on it
@rja- yes. i'll send a survey at the end
@kurt- yes i am going to make the shirts available on the website. it will take about 2-3 weeks.
is the strap adjustable? i was just wondering because i'm a bigger guy. awesome btw!!!
@aaron, any plans for stretch goals?  i realize the xl was previously to be a stretch but i also remember you mentioning something about a shoulder strap extender being a stretch goal.  any updates on that front?
just pledged for the classic 2.0 & 2.0 xl! these look really great. i assume you will contact when funding is finished to take colour choices? congratulations on a great product.
i am leaning toward either black or brown myself. both colours are more suitable for all situations (casual or not) i think. can't decide !  hopefully there will be some real samples before for us to see before we have to choose.
congrats on being fully funded! :)
i've been teetering on the edge of bumping up my pledge from the one classic 2.0 & 2.0 xl to the $175 pledge where i would be able to choose 2 of one and 1 of the other. reason being, is i can't decide between the olive drab and the brown oil cloth for the classic 2.0. anyone else having a hard time deciding between the od and the boc? how much of a water resistant advantage does the oil cloth have over the canvas? aaron, i wish you didn't make it so easy to want to give you my money! lol! i do have another question though. i would love to get a t-shirt, but the pledge options don't make it easy for those pledging over $75. are you planning on making them available on the website?
congrats!!!
@ steve- that should fit snugly.
@michael- i wear the 2.0 reg size
congrats!!! ヽ(=´▽`=)ﾉ
hurray!
are you wearing the man-pack  2.0 regular or xl.   i' m trying to get an idea of the size.  thinks
any way we may be able to see a tie-down of some kind of tie-down or restraint for waterbottles? the fold out side pouch looks great, i'm just concerned about the security of bottles larger than your average poland spring bottle. i.e. medium sized nalgeens, coffee travel mugs, etc. personally, i use my .75l camelback eddy bottle everywhere and would literally (not literally) kill for a secure spot for it on this bag. just a though.
amazing! now i can start counting down the days until it arrives... can't fricken wait.
nice! glad to see this project is a success, and i can barely wait to get my man-packs :)
congratulations on being fully funded!  i am really looking forward to the man pack 2.0 and other products you will develop in the future.
congratulations on being fully funded! (like there was any doubt with such a great product!) :-)
awesome news!!! congrats!!
congrats, aaron.  well deserved!
:)
congrats on funding!  :)
hey aaron, do you know if the classic would fit a macbook air? i'm wondering if i need to go up to the xl. thanks!
i also got the 3x 2.0 classics. one for me, one for the wife, and one as a killer christmas present for a lucky individual. or maybe i'll just keep it for myself :). can't wait to see this funded!
@louis i see your point, carrying more things is great is great when you need to. but for me, i've already got a great pack for carrying a ton of stuff when i need to. i like this bag because its got space to carry the things i might need while i'm just out and about but still be lightweight and comfortable, i.e. it's not going to with me down with more weight than necessary. just my 2 cents
i think you should get one of each then you have the option of which one to use
less use* sheesh auto correct.
hahaha its coming down to the wire. @steven i upgraded to xl reason being if i think about it i always have more use for a bigger bag, and less you for a smaller one.
almost home free with this kickstarter.. i'm still debating if i should go up my pledge with the combo of the xl and the 2.0 ... i currently selected the 3- 2.0 classic... help me out people!
i have hesitating a lot between classic and xl :) i am back to classic... btw, where are man-packs made ?
is there anyway to offer current pledgers discounts on future purchases or kickstarters?
i'm proud of you aaron.   i hope my pledge helps you reach you 40k goal.  someone who works as hard as you do deserves a break.
@charles i agree.
yea   stay away from velcro   just do multiple loops in different places and people can use carbinrrs or such things
@emilio- i hope to get to that one evening during the trade show.
@ calvin- there are so many palces to go with the product. that is certainly a goal too, just restricted by resources. but as the company grows, you will see the product line expand. thanks!
@ todd- i will put a loop in the interior for carabiners. that has been recommended by multiple people. the looped velcro is a possibility, and a great idea, i'll check into cost. the only thing that would be bad about that is that it would make the bag harder to clean if dirt got in there. thank you for the great feedback!
having just discovered this project recently, i am excited to fund it. just something to note for future iterations (aka the classic 3.0) you might want to accommodate for people who prefer to wear their shoulder bags over their left shoulder as opposed to their right shoulder. cheers!
hey! i have a question about the interior of the product, as well as a suggestion if possible. is the inside of the zippered main section covered in loop-side velcro so that users can securely attach cnc holsters (that obviously have hook-side velcro), or additional pouches (for the abundant small items, usb keys, retractable cables, etc i have? does the interior have one (or more please!)  attachments  where a user can quickly and securely attach key chains, etc that are of the carabiner type? i hate to dig around for keys at the bottom of packs. my intent is to use this product for my 13" laptop bag most days, but i will need a number of pouches for cables and usb keys and the like. i really like the idea of being able to slap velcro pockets inside the thing, and have the option to reconfigure it and slap in a cnc holster.
thanks, aaron.  i thought i probably missed it.  you are going to reach your goal!!!!!
@frank- i can see you on my backers list
i can't find my name on the "backers" list....
scroll down just a bit: classic is 12.5″ x 10″ x 3.5″ xl is 15.5" x 11" x 3.5" aaron also mentioned a comparison vid was incoming so hope to see that soon.
sorry if this was asked before but can i get the dimensions of the 2.0 and the xl?
lol...the way the comment is written it's as if i have some sort of fetish for girls wearing man-packs...lol seriously though that's good because you the market to both men and woman giving you a larger potential audience for the product. it's just math...raising $40k by selling to both men and women is easier than raising $40k by selling to only men....you "potentially" have double the audience. i am only suggesting things to help you out....basically i want you to succeed and i want get the pack.
thanks fuzzy, and btw, i have a pic of a girl wearing the man-pack in brussels for you! she is camera shy though and you only see her back. see, i listen.
@edward- it will fit in the 2.0 with the flex in the sides of the bag. if you put a sleeve on it though, you need to go with the xl.
i am confident that the project will succeed. if i had to guess, i think the project will be funded with a total of $42k. kictraq on the other hand thinks it will be close to the $45k mark. http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/375407594/man-pack-classic-20/
will the man pack fit my 13.5x9.5x.6 laptop?  or will i need to get the xl?  really hoping i won't need the xl.  the laptop i have is really thin and light but has a slightly awkward form factor and fits more like a 15 inch ultrabook.  been hell trying to find a sleeve for it.  i'm hoping it will be able to fit with the sleeve on it so maybe around 14x10x1.  btw my laptop is the 14 inch razer blade.  thanks!
@aaron - i'm so happy to hear that, and i'm with you! let's get it to work now!
@ steven- we'd have to be at about 50k to get a second color on the xl.  @deepra- yep! me too, and the samples should be here today. i may be able to make the video tonight. i'll post as soon as i can.
i prefer this to get funded rather to go through another round. so close....anyway i look at kicktraq projection, which at this point should be quite accurate - around 44k. looking forward to the xl video ;)
what is the point at which multiple colors will be available on the xl bag?
@shawn- stay positive. this is going to happen, this is going to work. we are very near the finish line. if this kickstarter does not work, i will re-launch the campaign with a lower goal and fewer colors. so it will either work now, or be delayed by approx. 30 days. lets make it happen now! :)
should the kickstarter go down in flames, although i hope not, is there still a way for me to obtain one of these bags? maybe a sample or prototype or something?
@ adam- i am thinking on the side, just below where the zipper to the main compartment ends. i should have my samples back today (including the new oilcloth) and will post pics tonight or tomorrow. any suggestions, are appreciated as to where to place the patch. @scott- thank you! you're gonna' love it man!
hey aaron, have you decided where you are going to put the small stamped leather patch branding?
first off, i'd like to say thank you for your service to our country. secondly, i love the man-pack! i have been searching for a way to conceal carry, that wouldn't interfere with flexibility, or my attire in a hot climate. your product is the perfect fit and i can't wait to get it! best of luck sir.
@ bruno- the xl is 15.5"x11"x3.5" , i just sait it would fit up to 10.5 so there is 1/4" room on either side .
just want to make sure: classic is 12.5″ x 10″ x 3.5″ xl is 15.5" x 10.5" x 3.5" i assume i could literally put a brick of that size in it, so technically, i could gain a at least 1" wide with ticker (less than 1") stuff, right?
@westley- yes, it is enough to cover costs, i'm not trying to accomplish anything other than introduce new models and acquire inventory. as i build the brand, and business grows, the order quantities will increase, and then the company will make a greater profit. right now though, i'm mainly focused on getting the product line established.
i understand. just figured i'd ask. :)
are you sure an extra $10 is enough to cover the extra costs for the xl?
@bryan- sorry it has taken me long to respond. i can't do that. the xl costs more to make. i'm sorry. thank you adam.
@bryan  i hope not. i dropped my early pledge to get the xl. just do the $65 pledge. get him closer to 40k.
is there any way for early backers to pay an extra $5 to get the xl version?
@rune- i'll message you
@ bryan- the lining is a smooth material that can be wiped out, but a lotion is going to be hard to clean off of any material unless it is a nonporous plastic. my wife always puts lotions in a ziploc bag to guard against this. i gotta' admit. i do what she says, because she is right! :d
also, i'd love to thank jackson from the federal 52 project for pointing this great product out.
aaron, this looks like an amazing product. my only question is, how easy is it to clean the large, inside pouch? i often enjoy going to the beach, amusement parks, and water parks. one of the things that i absolutely hate is when the sunscreen breaks open in the bag, and spills out inside. it almost always ruins the bag. is there possibly an inside lining or anything that would protect the bag in case something like this happens to make it easy and efficient to clean?
aaron great design i'm wondering if you can design one our cleaners? fantastic cleaners that is really functional and won't be too difficult to carry on the train?
@deepra, yes. as soon as i get them back from the factory. i will do it in the hotel room at the trade show, and post from there.
@aaron, could you do a video comparing 2.0 and 2.0 xl? i'm curious
@ jason- lol! i think that might make a good commercial! 2 guys comparing man-packs. 'it's not the size of your man-pack, it's how you use it!" :d  thanks for the great idea. the $600 pledge now knows what his role in the commercial will be. and yes, he will have the xl man-pack!
i just pledged the xl can't wait and that way if i come across someone else with man pack i can say mine is bigger lol
aaron- came across your project by chance and realized i was in scouts with you long ago. pledging an xl and a regular to help you meet your goal. best of luck to you family, great product.
i rest my case
so, i realize i'm a woman (and your sister), but i think i'm going to have to upgrade to the xl.  :)  need to be able to take my laptop to work and brag that my brother was the creator of the man-pack.  your doing awesome!
by my count...there are pledges for 57 xl so far...hope the momentum keeps up
it hurt to give up that $45 early pledge, but i gotta get that xl man-pack.
just upgraded to the xl
@earl- check the website this fall, there will be a strap extension available for +sizes.
and there i was thinking xl would be for big guys like me ;)
just changed my pledge so that i could get an xl and a 2.0...lets get this thing funded, i want my manpack!!!!
just upgraded to the xl :d
@aaron - thanks for adding the $110 pledge option for both the classic and xl.  i was torn as to what one i wanted until i saw that.  now i don't have to choose! :-)
@fuzzy- thank you! you beat me to it! and thank all of you!
@nick : shortcut would be to cancel pledge then repledge at the right level. other option is to click manage your pledge blue button under the number of days to go and follow instructions.
okay... i'm biting. just changed my pledge to the xl... here's hoping you get fully funded aaron!
aaron, i just upgraded my pledge to the $65 man-pack 2.0 xl thanks for giving us backers another choice to make this more universal for all kinds of people!
how do i change my pledge from the regular to the xl
just changed my pledge for the xl.
are the canvas options water resistant as well or is it only the brown oilcloth?
@fuzzy - i'll work on that. if you notice, all the pics are of me. i'm the only person i know who will work for free! ha! gotta find the model.
@neal- thank you for your input. i'll keep that in mind for future models.
i'll post the dimensions of the xl with the update and new pledge options today.
@nick- yes. the canvas is coated.
is that fabric going to be waterproof
aaron: a suggestion for design.  you should reverse the top flap. if you have the man-pack on your chest (like in the photo of you on metro) and you wish to gain access to the main compartment, you have to open the flap back toward you. if you have the flap open away from you (when it is on your chest) then there will be easier access.
thank you aaron!! i also will pay the extra $10-$15 dollars for the xl once i see that the pledge is up. thank you also to all the other backers for speaking up so aaron can hear how serious us backers are to this idea to give us an option to make the xl man pack a choice and also will help him attain his goal now that this option can now hit a bigger market for people of all shapes n sizes!
maybe an option for duo (regular + xl) for those who wanted both?  it's a pain to pledge multiple in kickstarter.
how much bigger is the xl going to be from the regular one
you've got at least a dozen people wanting the xl just in the comment section. i think the minimum 250 units is attainable. and please, more pics of usage of packs as well as women using it. i know it's called the man-pack but women can use it and or can buy them for their boyfriend/husbands with an intent to use them as well. by not giving the "option" for women to use them you close off part of the market.
ok guys. i'll introduce the new xl option in the next 24  i listen to you. if you guys want it. i'll make it happen.
yeah i would be willing to pay an extra 20 bucks if it means i can carry a 15 inch laptop and a lot more stuff
i share part of jason's point of view regarding the xl. if the xl is not available by the end of the campaign i may need to cancel my pledge since the non-xl would be of limited use for me...i carry a lot of stuff for work. that being said if i need to up my pledge $15-$30 for the xl to happen i will. i don't believe that the xl should be sold for the same price as the non-xl if it costs more to produce. it wouldn't be fair for aaron and the goal of kickstarter is to help start a business not hinder them from the start.
jason, you pledged $55 for the man-pack 2.0.  this covers all costs and builds profit for future products.  the man-pack xl costs more to make, so in order to continue paying all costs and still make a profit, he is going to need to raise the price of the xl.  if he offers the man-pack xl at $55, he probably won’t be able to cover all the costs or barely being able to do so. i’m positive that if everyone (that wants an xl) paid a little more to get the xl, he will meet his 250 quota. my suggestion for everyone that wants the xl was for everyone that pledged for a single man-pack 2.0 ($45, $55, $60, $75 levels) to pay an extra $10-$15 dollars to cover extra costs.  everyone that pledged for three man-pack 2.0’s ($135, $165, $180 levels) to pay an extra $25 dollars to cover extra costs.
aaron, i ment no offense to my last comment . i do think your project is great im just throwing my opinion and suggestions out there hoping you and crew can make the xl but what good is a man pack if i can't use it to its full capabilities for the big n tall men out there.
i'm working on it guys. i hope you are not right jason about people pulling pledges. and i hope we don't lose you, but i understand if you have to do what you have to do.
i'd have to disagree with westly i don't think it should be added as a extra pledge i think anybody that pledged $55 or higher should get the xl automatically!  to be honest i was thinking about pulling my pledge because the xl is not even available option as of yet and i think they really need to reconsider this option if they want to pull more people in to pledge or see people pulling out of there pledges on the last day.
awesome pack, but not to be pessimistic, i don't think the stretch goal will be met. you should put the xl as a pledge option at a higher price i'm pretty sure a lot of people want it, i know i do. do the calculations and maybe put up an update to ask if anyone wants to the xl option to be available right away and once you get the needed amount of backers you can place the option. just my $.02 :p hope i didn't come off too strong.
i pledged for 3, i would really be interested in the xl as well.  i researched this pack for 2 weeks now and you really have something unique and looks really multi-functional.  good luck.
i think anybody that pledged $55 or higher should automatically get the xl man pack regardless once the goal is reached.
imo put the xl up as a pledge option! i know i would throw down for the xl for sure, and i'm positive 249 others would seize the opportunity as well, new backers or current.
these are great ideas fuzzy. i never turn down a suggestion. i get a lot of good advice from people just like you!
1 more thing....even if it the man-pack is targeted at men.....among the pack i suggested below i don't think there's any harm in showing a wo-man-pack (contents to be determined by a woman) :)
hi, i've been reading through the comments....i would suggest making the xl available right away. i know you have it planned as a stretch goal, but i'd rather pay a little more for the xl and have the project funded than waiting for the xl as a stretch goal.  second suggestion is put more pictures of what can be put in the pack. it is easier for people to visualize it's use. for instance the student pack (notebooks, pens, laptop or tablet, water bottle). the commuter pack (tablet, coffee thermos, books, mp3 player). the tourist pack (guide book, water bottle, tablet, camera). by visualizing it's use it would be an easier sell. just suggestions.
hey aaron, jackson from federal 52 sent me your way. i am glad he did. awesome product. good luck!
@ russo, wow! great pic! reminds me of the harbor near mont' san angelo, but way more urban.
another man-pack ordered thanks to jackson @ federal 52. this one will fly to one of the smallest country on earth: http://bit.ly/1d5fdd8 :) cheers!
jackson @ 52 sent me your way, product looks great.
molly!   thank you scott!
i don't know if its an northern thing, because of inclement weather. or if it is a military / leo thing. i was raised, and trained in the same manner. "it is better have it and not need it, than need it and not have it." it is a motto that i too have followed with my life. so much to the point, at work, if anyone needs something (item wise) they don't go to the boss, they come to me, because they know i have it, or can get it. i am glad that jackson @52 sent me your way. i am looking forward to using... and carrying with this  pack. the only question that i have is the internals of that pocket. will it be velcro backed, (ie 5.11 style) or molly. thanks, and good luck!
this looks awesome! i'm glad jackson posted this on the federal 52 update!
jackson is an incredible artist! and thank you to the federal 52 crew!
looks like an outstanding bag...can't wait to receive mine. thanks to jackson @ the federal 52 project for sharing the info on this one!
great project! happy jackson posted this on federal 52. can't wait for this to get funded.
this project looks awesome! i've had the same messenger bag for 8 years and its been beat to hell. i'm excited to grab one of these. jackson from federal 52 posted this link... glad he did. viva la man-pack!!!
@ william, the xl is just a larger version. i do have a strap extension for larger people designed, prototyped, and quoted. that will be the second stretch goal.
is the man-pack xl just a larger version of the man-pack 2.0, or sized to fit larger people?  love the bag by the way, excited to get my hands on one!
thank you amanda! you and so many people over the globe. it touches me and gives me hope and more aspiration. thank you so much!
can't wait to see you succeed!
awesome adam! some of the blogs are starting to come online now. i called the washington post yesterday as well. trying to get into their business or lifestyle section.
halfway there. this is definitely going to happen.  can't wait for my man-pack.
hi paul, t this time, i think i am stretching it with the three colors that i am offering. at some point in time, i want to a lot of different color options, bur for now, black, od green, and brown oilcloth are all that will be available in the 2.0. thanks! aaron
hi, aaron, is there a possibility of offering the tan colour that the original man pack came in - the one which was shown in the video. thanks
@michael. waiting on oilcloth to come in. when it does i'll post. should be right before the end of the campaign
@ adam, that's the idea. @ michael. sure, if someone wants to mix and match colors that works. thanks!
hi aaron, is the assortment of the colors in the multi-pack fixed (one of each color) or is there a chance to get a different assortment, too? and could you provide us with detailed close-up photos from all three different models  before you send out the final survey, so that we can get a "feel" for the colors and the fabric? that would be great. thanks, michael
so with the black man-pack, i can put my ipad in it and walk a mile in the pouring rain without a worry?
@ bert. i'm perplexed too! i wish i could see stats of video plays. thank you for spreading the word. i am endeavoring to do the same. the oilcloth version will be water resistant. even the other two colors are treated with a water resistant coating. a truly "waterproof" means that you can submerse it and it will not leak. i don't want to advertise to anyone that they can do that. thank you bert!
aaron, will the oilcloth version be waterproof ? on another subject, i am amazed that you are not getting a lot more pledges, i am going to make sure that my friends hear about your bag... a bientôt
great idea brian. that's what i love about this. the idea evolves and it is collaborative! thank you!
thanks aaron for the clarification.  if the man-pack could at least come with a removable bottom pad or have it as an option or stretch goal that would be awesome then trying to find something that fits.  to be able to put the bag down and to know that i have a little bit of protection would be awesome.  keep up the great work!
@ brian- there is a stiffening material in the fabric through out the bottom half. that could be changed for a pad. there can't be a specific sleeve because it would hinder access to the 4 interior pockets and one of them would be lost if a sleeve were in place. the objective is for the bag to have a multitude of uses. you will find that you will unpack and repack depending on what you are doing that day. one day it is for going to a theme park, the next it is for hunting, and the next you are using it at the office.
aaron - i was wondering about the internal padding of the man-pack.  i read that the back storage compartment for tablets etc will be padded, but what about the main compartment?  with the regular sized version that can fit a 13" macbook, what type of protection will the big pocket have?  padding on the bottom?  a specific laptop compartment?  just curious. i am definitely looking forward to this bag!!
@ alex, the $55 is for the man-pack classic 2.0 which fits small laptops and tablet pcs. the xl will be a full size laptop case. but the xl will only be offered if we can reach a stretch goal.  @ richard, that was said very well, and exactly why i created the man-pack. thank you and i'd like to use those words in advertising if it is ok with you.
thanks for designing this great product. i've been looking for a bag like this for a while.  everything else out there looks like a purse, an fanny pack, or like i would be in some special forces unit. my daughter has food allergies so i always have to have epi pens and benadryl with me.   feel like i will be ready for anything when this arrives.
sorry, totally forget that: having pledged 55 bucks, does that mean, the xl-upgrade would be included?
hey aaron :) i've been looking for something like the man-pack for a long time. studying but also being interested in travelling, biking and parkour, i was like "i have to get one of those" :d keep up the great work, greets from germany alex
@bert- there are actually more pockets insde that you can't see. there are a total of 4 pockets. the prototype is at the factory and an oilcloth sample is being made so i can post some pics. after i get them, i will post pics of the inside. the shoulder strap is very comfortable since the bag is made of 16 oz. canvas. after it's worn in, it's like wearing your favorite pair of jeans. and concerning the chest strap. i'm doing all i can to bring it to market. it's a great design that combines with the existing strap and should retail at another 9-10 dollars. thank you for your support!
for some reason i did not check the video first :) sorry, i do not need the pictures of the inside of the bag any longer !
and btw i am not sure that the strap extension should be a stretch goal. after all, the strap extension will let you reach a "bigger" part of your market. it should be an option, not a stretch goal. without it, i will not maintain my pledge as i will not be able to comfortably use your bag. i'll check in the last day of the campaign to see if we have reached the second stretch goal :)
hi, would it be possible that you post pictures of the inside of the man-pack (with the different pockets, etc.) ? could not find any either here or on your website. also, i would appreciate if you could tell us how comfortable is the shoulder strap (what material do you use to make it comfortable ?) thanks
thank you floyd! hopefully these bloggers will start their magic. we just need more people to see the campaign. -aaron
i am happy to back a good local project, and i am hoping that you hit that 2.0 xl stretch goal. i would love to be able to transport my legal size files in the man-pack.
thanks don! you're a good nephew! where did you get those good looks? :d make sure to share on facebook and twitter.
i'm very glad to be a financial backer... good luck.. i am rooting for your!
it's a great christmas gift. :p
@steve, you'll just click the "manage pledge" button on the right hand side of the campaign home page. when we get to that point, i will add the new xl reward and you can increase your pledge and switch the reward.
so my $45 pledge can be upped $10 to get the xl when the original goal is surpassed? how would i throw in that extra $10?
i'll give everyone the same deal when we get into the stretch goals. i'll just be happy to at least get the 2.0 funded! :) everyone can rejoice in that!
so the first 100 early backers will get a better deal of xl at $55? :)
hmm... although the strap would be nice, i'm going to take the gym route.  it is about time to get back into shape anyway.
the xl will be offered at the $55 level because it costs a bit more to make, and a bit more to ship. but i'll give the option to increase the pledge that additional $10. the xl will accommodate a bit larger wast, say, 44 in. if someone has a larger waist than that, then they need the strap extension, which will be the second stretch goal. that will make it wearable all the way up to a 50 in. waist.
if you reach the stretch goal to offer the man-pack 2.0 xl, will that increase the size limit from 42" waist to something else?  also, if i pledged at the $45 level, will i have the choice to get the xl?
@simon. thank you! please share the campaign and we'll get there!
just backed my first kickstarter project - good luck aaron.  i'll be keeping an eye out for the stretch goals too.
@lky awesome!
i look forward to the design of classic 2.0 xl :)
hi jason! if you a larger than 42" waist, the man-pack will be too small for you... unless you get a strap extender. which i have also designed. that will be the second stretch goal after the classic 2.0 xl. secondly, no, the product won't be for sale unless a miracle happens. that's why i'm on kickstarter. this campaign must be successful for the product to come to market. venture funding for start-ups is hard to come by. i scraped together the initial capital to start the company, but i need your support to grow the company. and the company can only continue if it grows. please share everywhere. thanks!
and my other question that i did not ask because i accidently sent it with one question. if this does not get fully funded will people be able to purchase this by other means?
i love this concept and just back your project!!! i just have a couple questions. does the man-pack 2.0 fit big guys? i am 6-5 with a 28in chest just curious cause i run into this problem with lots of sling bags!
ok. but it does fit the macbook pro 13. however! keep an eye on the campaign and you might want to jump back in. there is a lot to be revealed over the course of the campaign, like stretch goals. so i'll just let the cat out of the bag now. the first stretch goal is going to be for the man-pack classic 2.0 xl which will fit your macbook pro and any other full size laptop. it will also have a padded strap to handle the increased weight. i hope you get back here to see this. we need to get to the $40,000 goal before that is a possibility. carpe diem!
@aaron really? too sad to hear this. i can only cancel my pledge, as i need a new bag for my macbook pro. but you guys did a great job! i really love this bag! just the problem with my macbook. sorry guys.
hi kai, it will fit the macbook air, but not the 15" pro. basically anything that is a standard 8x11 file size and slightly larger. hope this helps! thanks- aaron
will it fit for the macbook pro 15? thanks!
you da' man daniel! thanks!
adam, not marine. 11b infantry army. and yes, attention to detail private! beat your face now! ha! i'm excited too!
hey jesse,  the new man-pack 2.0 model will not have the large branding that the classic edition had. the 2.0 will have a small leather tag placed somewhere indiscrete. hope this answers your question. thank you for your support!
as an owner and huge fan of the 1.0 version i am super excited about all the new features and improvements. thanks manpack for listening to your customers and focusing on quality!
"attention to detail" only heard that about 20x a day in bootcamp. must be a marine? anyway, excited for the manpack!
i understand it is your brand (man-pack) but would it be possible to make more discreet? :)
thanks ruben! i thought it was useful. ;)
you sold me on the concealable pocket!
awesome! me too!
pretty excited about the man-pack!
