any update on an increase/improvement of the lasting effect of flavor?
hi l garvey! so glad to hear that you saw our gum in whole foods! we are now in all seven nyc stores. we're really excited about it and we'll be sending an update to all supporters soon.  thank you for being a supporter - we really appreciate it and we're very happy to hear that you like the gum :) thanks again!
just shopping in the tribeca whole foods and there were three packs of simply gum in my checkout lane. looked like the remains of a larger display. picked one up at $2.99 despite a few packs at home. i hope the retail experience is going well, congratulations! oh, of course i really enjoy the gum. thanks for running a great kickstarter.
thank you ian! we're so happy to hear that! we are definitely working towards a mint - will keep everyone posted!
i am really enjoying the  gum and since i had ordered several packs i have given some to friends.  i really like the natural approach and look forward to seeing more flavors come out.  maybe mint?
thanks devon and cerity for your support - and thank you for spreading the word! happy chewing!
awesome to know. thanks simply gum :) your stuff is great i'm telling everyone who tries it.
ok i don't chew gum (mainly because of the ingredients) but my husband loves it so i'm sooo happy to have gotten your gum and found that it's amazing!! we will definitely be ordering time and time again once these run out!
hi cerity! now that our kickstarter orders are complete, if you order through shoplocket, we ship within two days of receiving the order!
thank you joe, ryan and terri lynn! we really appreciate your support and we're thrilled to hear that you like the gum!!
agreed, if i order through simplygum.com ---> shoplocket, how soon will it ship?
i'm not a big gum chewer (dental work) but my husband is rarely found with out it and my so is so picky!  they absolutely love it. they never realized how bad the mass market gum was until they had yours. you now have loyal followers chomping  at the bit (pun intended).  they can't wait for more. they are rationing the last pack!  thanks for a great product!!
amazing! can't wait for more flavors!!!
simply gum is simply excellent. i love the taste and texture. i thought the cinnamon taste was just fine and it lasted plenty long enough. i'll be buying more and checking to see what new flavors you come up with. thanks!
thank you marco! we're so happy to hear that you liked our gum! and thank you for helping spread the word to your customers!!
hey 'simply gum' team  gum arrived today, i am soo impressed with the texture and flavour of the gum , i was handing some out to regular customers today while working ! really impressed and glad i supported this project, packaging looks sweet and thanks for the personal msg. good luck for future ! scotland- marco crolla
hi christina - thank you for your feedback! what we've found is that after the sweetness goes away, there's a kick of cinnamon spice that lasts over a long period of time, versus regular gum, which loses all of its flavor after the initial burst of sweetness.  let us know if you are able to taste it in your next piece!
thank you james! mouth feel was extremely important to us and we worked hard to come up with a recipe that had the perfect balance. we're so glad you like it!!
i think my experience was best stated by robin below: "initial hit of cinnamon, but then it seemed to go away quickly, leaving just a sweet taste reminiscent of molasses. i keep chewing it because the texture is amazing, but i wish the flavor was stronger." will need to sample the other boxes to see if they have long lasting flavor like the other reviewers experienced. i will also note that this gum isn't for those that use a plastic dental flipper as it sticks to it. however, simply gum is relatively easy to remove with light scraping (vs other gums which require ice cold water and heavy scraping).
mouth feel! who knew a gum could feel this good? i'm into it. can't wait for more flavors to come on line. congratulations.
thank you chris and thaddeus! the cinnamon flavor was a balancing act, as it can become too spicy, but we'll try to increase the intensity on other flavors going forward. thank you again!
honestly, pretty surprised how good this gum is!  great job. my preference would be slightly spicier on the cinnamon, but great product.  this gum totally dominates all the mass grocery brands.
sweet! i just got mine in, and i am quite impressed!  the texture and flovor was great.  however, the flavor could of been a bit stronger and lasted longer in my opinion.  it was a good 45min chew.  overall: satisfied and will for sure share.
robin, jeremie, thank you for the feedback and for sharing the gum with your friends and family! we really appreciate your support!
i received my gum today, i must say it is pretty darn good. i got four boxes and i passed three of them to friends and family and they enjoyed it so you may have some new fans can't wait for other flavors!
i got my gum on friday, and my family and i tried it over the weekend. i like the consistency of the gum, but i wasn't quite satisfied with the flavor. there was an initial hit of cinnamon, but then it seemed to go away quickly, leaving just a sweet taste reminiscent of molasses. i keep chewing it because the texture is amazing, but i wish the flavor was stronger.
hi cerity! thank you for your support! you're absolutely right about the essence - we actually do use that right now but we don't want to use too high of a concentration because cinnamon can become quite spicy! we are doing research on other flavors right now - we haven't yet decided whether to run another campaign but we will let you know!!
ohh god!! guess what arrived in the mail... i have to say theflavor was great. i think you could add some oil essence. it would make it last longer. for your second run with more flavors will you be doing another campaign??
hi hawk! thank you for your support and feedback!
joe - we're so glad to hear that! thank you for your support!
thanks for the answer to my question. happy to be a backer!
i just got my gum and its great! my family and i are going on a trip and this just made it even better.
just got mine today! the boxes are really cute! it's not as spicy as i had feared and is even a little sweet, it's pretty good. been chewing for a few minutes and so far it hasn't made me sick, so this might become my gum! especially if you put out more flavors! (i like the cinnamon, but i adore fruity flavors). thanks, guys!
hi jeffrey - we're so glad to hear you like it! the funds raised through the kickstarter campaign helped us buy the ingredients and packaging in larger quantities for the next production run, which lowers our costs and enabled us to slightly lower our price.  as we continue to grow bigger and are able to buy larger and larger quantities of raw materials, we hope to continue to pass these cost savings onto our customers.  thank you again for being one of our first supporters and helping make all natural gum a reality!
just wanted to ask why the gum cost me more on ks than not? thanks
hi, received my today. very, very, good!  nice flavor, seems to last, and hold its consistency. thanks, and should be getting more when i can.
joe - now that our kickstarter orders are sent, we should be turning on the order functionality next week - will let you know when we do! thank you again!
thank you joe and jamie! regular gum hardens up because it's made of plastic. we're so glad you noticed that ours stays soft over time with that smooth texture. it turns out that all-natural gum is not only healthier for you - it also tastes better!
love the gum. i want to buy more :d
i've been enjoying mine for a few days - i'm very happy with it. the flavor does indeed last forever, and one of the things i enjoy most is that the gum just never hardens up as you chew it, no matter how long you do so. any idea when you'll start selling through your site (actually shipping, as opposed to taking pre-orders)? i need to know how long to ration my stash!
louis - thank you for your support - we can't wait for you to try it!
thank you erika, ann-marie, michael, and ken's lil sister! we are so happy that you like the gum!! thank you again for your support!!
thank you! love the packaging and the gum. congrats on a great product!
received mine today. tastes great.  great kstarter experience.
got mine, good stuff.  thanks guys.
waiting with baited breath - haha.
just got mine in the mail!!! chewing some excellent gum right now! great job guys!
thank you so much josh! we are so happy that you like it!!
just got mine today! really happy with the flavor. excellent work guys!
hi ben! packs have started going out - you should receive yours by the end of next week. thank you so much for your patience - we really appreciate it!
hey there!  i haven't heard any updates in a while. so i was wondering when you were shopping out the fun? it was scheduled to shop in july and we are very nearly in september.
awesome! thanks for the update
hi louis! manufacturing is complete - we're now just waiting for our packaging to arrive, which we hope will be in about 7 days. at that point we will begin filling the boxes and shipping our the orders.   thank you so much for your patience - we really really appreciate it.
hello, whats the latest timeline for delivery? at what stage are you with the manufacturing?
hi lisa! we are working as fast we can so that you can get the gum asap - we're thrilled to hear that you're excited to try it! we'll be posting more updates during the week and surveys will go out soon
just want my cinnamon gum! don't need fancy or new just want this product asap thanks!
hi steve, thanks for your comment - you make a great point. we will definitely take that into account going forward. thank you for your patience and support!
please don't make things too complex - it would be way better to get something great and simple out than something over thought and late... even if it is great ;)
hi jacobi! we just posted an update! please let us know if you have any questions. we're extremely excited for you to try our gum!
hey guys its been over a month since an update.  those let us know whats up thru email which is much better.  i see that we should expect surveys any day now, right? look im just very anxious to chew!  :) hope all is well ty
hi angel! we're hoping to get our orders packed and ready to ship by end of the month! we'll be sending out the shipping survey shortly!!
when you go ship the orders? thanks!
hi mark! we'll be sending the survey out in july, right before we send out the actual packs (just to make sure the info we receive is current). thank you! we can't wait to have you try it!
i was just wondering when the survey might be going out.
more communication! make sure you post an update about the end of the campaign! especially since you hit your flavor r&d stretch! we want to hear what flavors are being considered and how we can get those when they're developed! also, it'd be nice to get a run-down of your proposed schedule on how you plan to get all this gum made and delivered by next month!
thank you angel gp!
congratulations !!!
thank you to everyone who supported us!! we can't wait for all of you to try our all-natural gum!!
congrats!!!!!
+sugar free could use panela like these guys jiva- coffee cubes & hot chocolate cubes http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jivacubes/jiva-coffee-cubes-and-hot-chocolate-cubes
are you working on a sugar-free version someday? obviously stay away from artificial sweeteners, but maybe something like stevia?
hi. what is the expiration date of gum? sank you:)
+root beer and all that hawk listed below
and then they can combine root beer and vanilla bean to make a root beer float flavored gum! or even better: orange and vanilla bean! dreamsicle gum! strawberries and cream? vanilla hybrid flavors are practically endless!
someone mentioned vanilla, how about vanilla bean...even better
thank you thaddeus for your support!!
awesome stuff!  can't wait to start chewing!
various citrus or berry flavors seem like they might be possible. as long as it tastes good, i'm open to just about any flavors
hi breton - thank you for your support! yes, it is possible to blow bubbles.  in terms of root beer, we will add it to the list of possibilities - thank you!
great product, i have a question and also a flavour suggestion. is it possible to blow bubbles with this gum? and you should consider root beer as a flavour. it would be unique (and all natural) to set you a bit apart from the big boys and i think it would be a good alternative to the classic bubble gum flavour. can't wait to try your gum!
thanks hawk for all of your support! we're excited to try for a stretch goal!
hi mark! thank you so much for being a supporter! we just posted an update - let us know if you have any comments / suggestions - thank you!
i'm glad to be a backer and happy that you guys reached your goal, but i really wish you could possibly give more updates. even when you reached your goal, you guys posted nothing.
congrats on hitting your goal! onto the flavor-stretches!
hi jeffrey! thank you! we actually have not tried the refrigerated method ourselves, but that sounds like an interesting idea. our gum definitely tastes great at room temperature, but we will give it a shot and let you know!
hi james! the size in grams is similar to conventional gum. it would be larger than a tic tac and smaller than a jawbreaker. a dentyne ice cube may be a good comparison...!
hi, just want to say that cinnamon flavor sounds great! plus, do you recommend keeping the packs of gum in the refrigerator, then taking a piece/pack, etc., out just a little before you chew it? this seems to work well with many gums, so i was curious what you think. thanks
what is the size/weight of a piece compared to other brands?  small like a tictac or large like a jawbreaker?
hi christopher! just want to clarify that the pack in the photo is not to scale. the actual pack is a smaller square and also fairly thin as well. we'll post pics of the new mockup as soon as we receive it!
would also like to second the fact that your packaging looks a little large/cumbersome to be carried around. although this is a premium product(maybe supposed to sit at your desk instead of casually in your pocket) the convenience factor will always be an important consideration.
thank you marco! we really appreciate your support!!
i don't chew gum very often but i love the idea that this will be biodegradable ! and the rustic look/ packaging looks great too !
thank you ryan!! we really appreciate your support!
i'm going to have alot of gum. :d
hi jordan! the kickstarter price also includes shipping expenses such as postage / shipping box.  we're still determining the retail price of our gum (based on our packaging costs) but yes, it will definitely be under $5 dollars - and we'll let you know as soon as it's determined!
hi louis! the cinnamon flavor in our gum balls lasts over 30 minutes!
hi melissa! thank you so much for your support. we'll be sure to provide updates as we go along. and we're thrilled to hear that you are excited to receive our product!!
i don't mind paying a premium as this is to help 'kick start' your production, but what is your estimated retail price after the initial run? i am all for a natural chewing gum, but $5 a pack would not be a long-term feasible solution.
about how long does the average stick last?
i am so glad to be a backer......truly cannot wait to get this! it would be great to give my boys natural gum versus the "other stuff" that is on the market today. i agree with hawk......i've backed several projects and i'm more inclined to be enthusiastic and share a project with my friends when there is lots of activity. if you show me you are dedicated to your project, that exudes confidence. ;) i'm also inclined to give more as the project goes on and stick with you well after the project is over. i wish you the best of luck!
thank you hawk! that is great advice!!
you guy have a strong start and your kicktraq is looking very promising: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/simplygum/the-first-all-natural-premium-chewing-gum/ but don't let your project run itself! i've backed a few projects and definitely noticed a positive correlation between activity and success! post a lot of updates, even if you don't have much to say! i helped you out by getting your comments section started, but i can't do everything!! good luck!
thank you jaime! we appreciate your support!!
thanks for being awesome and responding to backer questions here.  i hope this project succeeds!
hi hawk, thanks so much for your support! those are some great suggestions for flavors - we'll definitely start looking into those!
hi nick! the gum will have an expiration of about 3-4 months from when you receive it. thanks so much for your support!!
just backed the project but i'm wondering how long does the gum last since there are no preservatives in it?
that sounds good, i'll give it a shot. i know the bubblegum flavor is artificial, but i was trying to think of other flavors that were natural that might make a good gum, some of the things i came up with were: honey; lemon/orange/other citrus; lemon+honey; dehydrated and powdered fruits (apples, cherries and coconut, particularly, retain their flavor well when dehydrated). thanks for the answer and good luck!
hi hawk! thank you for your interest! a piece has about 12 pieces of gum.  down the road, we are definitely thinking of introducing additional flavors. because we are using only all-natural flavors, there are some limitations on the kinds of flavors we can introduce.  "bubblegum" flavor for example, is an artificial flavor. with our cinnamon gum, you do not get the harsh taste that conventional gums have. it's more subtle, but you still do taste the cinnamon...we definitely will be introducing other flavors down the road - and having it as a stretch goal is a great idea! thank you!
i'm interested in this project, but had some questions before i fully backed it...  the first being how many pieces are in a "pack" of gum? i notice all your reward tiers are in terms of packs of gum, but i did not see anywhere how many gumballs you are planning to include in a single "pack."  secondly, are you considering any other flavors besides cinnamon, perhaps as a stretch goal? i don't chew gum anymore because recently i've felt nauseated and become sick whenever i do, i've tried multiple brands with the same result, so i'm wondering if there's something in the "gum base" that my body doesn't like, therefore your 6-ingredient, all-natural gum has be intrigued, but i've never cared for the flavor of cinnamon gum (i don't like spicy foods) or even mint, for that matter. when i did chew gum, it was mostly bubblegum-flavored or some kind of fruity flavor.  it's possible that your cinnamon flavor is less harsh than commercial gums, but since you described it as "strong," i'm a little worried, so i just wanted to know if you had any other flavor ideas in the works, again, possibly to be added-on or as a stretch/overfund goal. thank you and good luck!
