@ steven st.laurent: steven, unfortunately you are one out 13 backers left with no replacements, as we ran out of stock. we expect to have the new batch rest by late march (new factory, that's why it took so long) and then we will be able to send you one. please expect it by mid april. i appreciate your patience.
i've also never received any replacement parts for mine.
phillip: there was a $100 insurance, but since it was delivered in september we can't go and claim that now. i'll follow up via email and see what we can do.
thanks for your reply rafael -- unfortunately i did not receive that package. it looks like it was delivered mid-afternoon on friday september 26 as you noted in your comment, which would mean it was delivered while we were at work. either it was left on the doorstep and taken, or it was delivered to the wrong address. was there insurance on the shipments by any chance?
phillip: we sent it through fedex (tracking: 995365617101601) and it appears it was delivered on september 26. you didn't get it? let me know, please.
hi rafael - i have not anything from you yet (neither the first batch of guitars that you had manufacturing issues with not any replacement parts). are there still shipments scheduled to go out? i'm worried it was sent but then lost in transit.
justin: we got your email and we will send a new guitar-body.
steven: i'm traveling now, so i'll be able to check the status of yours tomorrow, but everything has been ship, yes. cheers.
have all the new kits/parts been shipped and received? i've not gotten anything yet and was just curious. thanks!
hi rafael, thank you, i have received the replacement guitar today.  although the quality is much better than last time, there is one major defect that i must bring to your attention.  it is an impact dent with cracked paint and some paint chipped away showing the wood.  the defective area does not look like it's done during transit.  i will email you pictures... frankly i am extremely disappointed as this quality i cannot in my conscious give this guitar away as a present.  it will remain in my closet in shame. please let me know what can be done to remedy this situation, thank you. justin
@justin hsu: justin, i think i replied to all emails but in any case i apologize for the delays and any miscommunication. the same issues we had with your guitar happened to a quite large portion of the batch, so we are really handling an emergency here and doing the best we can. we sent all guitars and replacements; i'm going to check the status of yours (and what we sent) and will write back via email. thanks for your patience and apologies again for all the trouble.
i wrote a private email to you in early october when i received my guitar and we exchanged some emails, but it's been over a month and i have not heard anything from you so i will post this to the board: after major delays and a long wait, i received my loog guitar on oct 3 and immediately wrote a letter to let you know about the poor quality guitar i received.  there are several areas of cosmetic defects mainly scratches and dents, and one large gash which one can see through the damaged area and see the wooden part of the body.  i’ve sent pictures for your reference.  what i realized later, after i put the guitar together was that the neck does not fit well to the body, and the intonation is really bad.  i was told “replacement” would be sent to me, but as of today i have not received parts and info on how to remedy this situation.  i don’t even know what it means by sending me replacement.  please kindly clarify what will send to me and when? disappointment is an understatement when it comes to the quality of the guitar and customer service.  i have many awesome guitars from major manufactures, and i don’t expect the loog to be of the same quality because of the price disparity, but the quality i expect should be good enough for loog to bring to a namm show. i was going to give the loog electric guitar to my daughter for her birthday, well that has passed.  i’m seriously worried if i can give this present to her as christmas gift? really need your help here.
christopher: apologies for this. please send me an email; if possible a quick video. we'll make it right. thanks.
i got my replacement kit the other day and i finally put it together, and i'm kind of bummed because it still has a lot of the same problems as the last one.  some things have improved, but with the off intonation and a miss positioned bridge it's not playable without some major fixes.
@james: many thanks, james!
got my replacement kit and it is great!  thank you for the excellent service rafael.
hi rafa, my loog has arrived and i really think it's a wonderful instrument even for an experienced guitarist who wants to test his fretboard knowledge: it just makes you think where to put your finger. i really love it. i've found some cosmetic issues, but i don't care about that. unfortunately there are some real annoying problems that affect playability such as poor intonation, high action and a considerable nut-tailpiece misalignment with the highest string on the very edge of the fretboard.  thank you again for all your hard work on this project. lorenzo
i will try that. thanks for the suggestions.
mary: try this, please: open the white lid in the back of the guitar and see if there are any parts of the jack touching the walls of that cavity it is placed in. if there is, almost certain that is the problem. simply separate it with your finger or carefully with a small file. hope this helps!
mary, the knob seems fine on mine. you might try a little contact cleaning solution to see if maybe it's a dirty wiper on the pot. might also be a cold solder joint which is easy to fix with a soldering iron.
hello guys, just a quick note to that you again for sharing feedback and letting me know the issues you had. taking note of absolutely everything, case by case, and working hard to make it right asap. i'll keep you posted later this week. thanks again.
my loog assembled fine. it arrived without the screws needed to attach the strap buttons, but i sent an email and have since received a pair. thanks for the quick response. i gave found though that once i've got the guitar lugged into an amp, there seems to be trouble with the volume knob. the sound cuts out unless the knob is in one specific position. i imagine this is an electrical problem, but i'm not sure what to do about it. the volume knob also feels a bit loose. any now else having similar issues? suggestions?
awesome to also find that you are aware of and in the process of fizing all of the issues. i pretty much have everything wrong with my loog that the others have listed. i wont even try to put it together and will wait to receve the appropriate replacement parts. thanks.
hi rafael, just adding my two cents worth of feedback also. my loog went together fine, for the most part. most of the problems mine have are cosmetic, some mentioned here, some not. - tail piece holes are drilled with a slight angle to body. b string barely fit.  - either the pickgard wasn't cut correctlyor the pickup is slightly misaligned.  - screw holes on the back have the chipped paint originally shown as a problem  - paint overruns on the side of the body near the neck  - noticable swirl marks on the body (might buff out - have not attempted)  - neck plate misaligned noticebly. doesn't prevent solid neck mounting but looks bad  - milled out neck pocket on body needs better finishing to get perfect mating.  - excess glue on fretboard sides (fixable)  - edges of fret wire are sharp (fixable)  - kerfs cut for fret wire seemed too deep, this is a purely cosmetic flaw  - holes for tuning screw posts seem slightly misaligned so the they rub a little to one side. otherwise my loog tuned up fine and sounded pretty good.  hopefully you can get the kinks worked out. i've been part of group buys for things produced out of china factories before and all the problems you have had are nothing i had not experienced before. actually i would say your adventure might have gone a bit smoother.
hi rafael, first off i want to thank you for working so hard to fix the quality issues with the guitars.  i wanted to mention the problems with mine because  i haven't seen anyone else mention them on here yet. 1.  the finish has a several visible flaws like chips, cracks, and a few areas where it is pretty thin and the primer is showing through.  there are also a few spots that looks like someone tried to make a repair in the finish, but didn't do a great job. 2.  the hole cut for the pick up is to large, the non pick guard side has an 1/8 inch gap between the pick up and the body. 3.  the tail piece has overspray on it from the body color. 4 .  the neck does not set properly into the body, there are gaps all around. 5.  the action is very high, even with the bridge at its lowest setting. 6.  the intonation is way off, by almost half a note.  i've tried to raise the bridge to make fix that but it only pushed it further off. 7.  the frets have not been properly filed down so the are not flush worth the end of the finger board and are pretty sharp. 8.  this is a minor one, but the wood for the neck has a lot of knots in it.  that is more an issue of if you payed for them to use quality wood they did not. 9.  strings and a few screws have rust forming on them. i know many of these problems are just visual, but some do severely effect the usability of the instrument.  as it stands right now it's really not playable.  again thank you for working so hard on this, and i know this must be an absolute nightmare to have done all that work to have it trashed by a third party. chris
sorry about the multiple posts...
hi rafael, i would like to add my comment thanking you for your candor and additional work to address the various quality control issues mentioned below, some of which i'm experiencing as well. my headstock also had the incorrectly placed drill holes for the tuners, the slanted pickup height screws on the bac and a hole in the tailpiece that appears it might be too small for a string to pass through. the neck attached without any problem, but i'm unable to confirm the nut cuts are ok - although they look shallow to my eye - and that the intonation and action are correct. dan
hi rafael, i would like to add my comment thanking you for your candor and additional work to address the various quality control issues mentioned below, some of which i'm experiencing as well. my headstock also had the incorrectly placed drill holes for the tuners, the slanted pickup height screws on the bac and a hole in the tailpiece that appears it might be too small for a string to pass through. the neck attached without any problem, but i'm unable to confirm the nut cuts are ok - although they look shallow to my eye - and that the intonation and action are correct. dan
hi rafael, i would like to add my comment thanking you for your candor and additional work to address the various quality control issues mentioned below, some of which i'm experiencing as well. my headstock also had the incorrectly placed drill holes for the tuners, the slanted pickup height screws on the bac and a hole in the tailpiece that appears it might be too small for a string to pass through. the neck attached without any problem, but i'm unable to confirm the nut cuts are ok - although they look shallow to my eye - and that the intonation and action are correct. dan
rafael,  thank you for the update.  as frustrating as it is on this end, i'm sure that it is mush more frustrating for you.  i'm impressed that you responded so quickly - especially given that it's 2 am in china right now.  thanks for working so hard to sort this out, it's appreciated very much and definitely helps.  your communication and candor goes a long way - thank you.
bryan, samantha: i apologize for these issues, which unfortunately and to my horror are happening kind of often. we are in emergency mode to solve all these so that we replace all defective parts and you end up -all- with a perfect loog. this is what i'm doing: - took a plane to china, where i'm now.  - i worked with the factory the past couple of days to make sure that none of the issues encountered here appear in the next batch, which should be ready by october 18.  - i'll be on a plane back to uruguay till friday, but next week we will remove all our current inventory from the third-party warehouse that we rent and revise all units -one by one-, to make sure we only have flawless units in stock -it might take another 2-3 weeks, but we will use that stock to replace all your defective parts.  i apologize for all this. working hard to solve as soon as possible. thanks for understanding.
hi rafael, we were expecting a left handed guitar, as my son is left handed.  the one that arrived is a right handed guitar.  it also has some serious quality control issues.  i can accept, and even embrace, imperfection, but this goes well beyond that. meanwhile, i have a kid who has been a champ about the wait,  but, well, he's 7.  reading the reviews, i prepared him for some issues and promised that we'd work through them.  he was still excited.  showing him his very obviously damaged right handed guitar is not going to be easy.
hi rafael, i was very excited to receive both of the guitars i ordered today. assembled the one i got for myself, and have run into most all of the same problems as james. (except for the pickguard...that was fine.) not sure if i want to open and assemble the other as it was a gift for my niece, but afraid it might have the same issues.
another data point: mine assembled with no problems.
raymond, robert: many thanks! james and all: apologies for the issues. i'm learning about them through your posts because they were not there in the samples i approved. i am in china now and will try to work things out with the factory so that  the next batch has none of these problems. hopefully i will be able to make it up for you and replace defective parts soon. thanks again.
thanks raff and the loog crew, got my daughters guitar today, neck went on great, a little oil brightened up the wood, the tuners went in great, the one and only thing i had to do was remove the wood/metal peace that the holes are drilled in, one of the holes in the wood did not match up with the metal piece, but that was a quick simple fix, not a real big deal. other than that it went together quick and sounds great. my daughter is excited to play on a amp.
also - the packaging of the strings claims that there's corrosion protection, but the two high strings had some visible corrosion on them.  that might just be d'addario's fault though?
i have to say i'm pretty disappointed in this product.  the holes in the headstock for the tuner screws were totally off so i had to fill them and drill new holes.  the holes for the neck screws were also a bit off and attaching the neck required a lot of brute force.  the fingerboard wood looked very dried out.  it looked better after i applied some lemon oil.  the fret ends were very sharp and required filing.  the nut slots are not deep enough... the intonation is way off.  the tuners are stiff and don't turn very well.  the pickguard was not cut correctly - it overlaps with the fingerboard, so i had to just remove the guard completely.  the pickup height screws on the back are slanted.  i guess it works ok as a slide guitar, but i don't see how this would be useful at all to a beginner.
we got ours and overall is was good experience.  it sounds great - much bigger sound than you'd expect from a three string.  fun! just wanted to give some general feedback: the loog box was in a bigger box without any packing material – so the loog box “sloshed” around a lot.  i guitar itself didn't  have any damage though.  some packing paper or something in the larger box would definitely help. we had some glue run over at the nut but was easy to remove with a finger nail.  my pickup screws were flush and straight. i found the fingerboard and bridge and tailpiece looking a little like they just came out of the factory – a little fingerboard hydration solution made these pieces look more like it came out of a showroom.  something to consider before you string the guitar. my kids (3 and 5) and i set it up this morning - outside some qc issues it was a lot of fun to put together.  i did have issues with the tailpiece wood holes not lined up with the with the tailpiece metal holes.  i unscrewed the tailpiece and a little wiggling got them lined up and retightened.  it didn't take to long for the neck and strings to settle and stay in tune, though i'll expect some adjustment in the near future (a little fret buzz fretting first and second frets – but we'll see if it remains now that the neck has some tension on it). thanks rafael!
garry, jose, chris: thanks for letting me know. i'm actually writing this en route to the factory in china. truth is that quality control (the easy part, supposedly) has been a bit of a nightmare and i'm going there as we have a new batch that should be ready in october and im going to try not to repeat the same mistakes and make it up for you. i apologize for the issues and will replace any defective part. apologies again and thanks for the support.
i also just received my electric loog.  was excited until i saw how poorly packaged it was.  it came in quite a disarray and is missing the volume nob completely.  while trying to assemble the guitar, i realized that the pre-drilled holes in the headstock for the tuners are not aligned properly and will require a very tiny drill bit. i have to say, my excitement dissipated rather quickly.  after waiting all this time, ostensibly for a better instrument, this is quite a disappointment.
just received it. we were so excited but the packaging was terrible. the loot guitar box was on a much larger box with no padding so everything apparently took a beating during shipment. still haven't tried assembly but i can already see significant damage to the guitar body. really disappointed that after all this time with delays due to quality control we end if with such poor packaging. and a damaged guitar.  i have a couple pictures but not sure how to post in comments.
omg, i am so excited as i got my loog this morning. the sea foam green color is amazing but a couple issues were apparent when i opened the box (haven't tried assembly yet) 1) the screws for the pick ups are not flush and stick out at an angle from the back of the body of the loog. it appears they were put in at an angle and won't go in any further as to sit flush with the back. 2) it looks like all the parts "broke lose"or slipped under the punch outs intended to hold the parts in place inside of the product box, inside of the much larger shipping box, resulting in rub marks in the finish from the cardboard as well as wear from the other parts rubbing on each other as it was shipped. (honestly, the packaging was not at the same standard as my original loog box) 3) excess glue on the neck from where the fingerboard meets the neck leading to rough spots on the side of the neck. i can honestly live with the shipping damage and the glue, but is there a way to get a new body as i can't imagine playing it with screws digging into my stomach. lastly, let me say thanks for bringing such a wonderful product to the world! my family and i have immensely enjoyed our original loogs and are looking forward to going electric!
@calvinbean: the canvas one is shipping now; the denim one will ship in a few weeks.
@brian j bonislawsky: sorry about that. please send me pictures as a direct message if you can. apologies again.
loog arrived but drilled hole tolerances are all off except for neck holes. fitting tuner heads was a struggle but eventually got it. holes for strings are off and won't let strings through fully. i will have to buy a drill with very fine bit to remedy. love the look of it, but disappointed with the tolerances for part alignments or lack thereof so far.
loog arrived!!! rafa: i also ordered one of the loog backpack bags, but it hasn't arrived. when will those be shipping?
sean: situation is unchanged from last week. not sure if you saw my update from last wednesday (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/rafa/the-electric-loog-guitar/posts/981736). we continue to get updates from ups twice a day, and they always offer hope but in the end we always end up waiting for "tomorrow". i do hope that in a day or two we'll start shipping but as of now things continue to be stuck in the port of l.a. thanks for the patience.
any new news on the shipment? i have still not received a notification. thanks.
cool, thanks for the update. :)
raymond: sorry ups is still shipping and taking longer than expected. might take another 5-6 days, hopefully less but you will receive tracking information soon, from me. anyway, apologies again for the delay, but it's only a few more days. thanks a million for the patience!
raf, who's supposed to send a email conformation of shipping? i don't know that i ever got one. i haven't got my loog yet, and don't think i got a email.
thanks for the clarification. i'll just listen to summer cannibals a little longer....
cheers rafael,thanks for the clarification.
paul, peter:  exactly: we shipped around 10% of rewards at the end of july and then we had that speed bump with ups. they picked everything up on august 19 which are now arriving at the fulfillment center and will be ready to ship next week. we expect to deliver to all remaining u.s. backers within the first 10 days of september. might take an extra week or 2 for international backers. everyone will get confirmation emails and we'll try to get tracking numbers for international backers too. apologies again for the delays and thanks a million for the support and patience! i really appreciate it.
@  rafael so, just so i can be clear, because i think what "shipping" means to you is different to what it means to me. the guitars have not actually shipped to us yet. they're currently on their way (in bulk, i assume) to a fulfillment center, and will ship to us individually from there. is this correct? tracking numbers aside, will we each (us and international backers) get an email notification when the actual shipment to us occurs?
hi. i've worked in global logistics for a long time and have seen too many shipments get lost in transit. for both parties protection i hope you can get tracking on all shipments.
okay cool cool
@paul atkins: paul: no need to worry; we'll try to track it down anyway and we'll make sure you get it.
@bosco ng: no need to worry. batch is en route to the fulfillment center and will be delivered to backers in the first days of september. apologies again for the delay.
@william edgar anthony silva: no need to worry. this next batch is supposed to ship next week; we'll have tracking # then. thanks!
international backers won't get tracking numbers? can you please confirm why not? i've had tracking numbers on everything i've had shipped. without a track and pod confirmation process i'm a little worried.
i'm in the u.s.  haven't gotten tracking yet. should i be worried?
hey raf, i've been pretty patient for my loog guitar, but i haven't received any shipping info. what's up?
peter: hi. u.s. backers will get tracking info, international backers unfortunately won't.
hey, can we expect to get shipping notification emails and tracking numbers, or will they just arrive some day like a surprise?
samantha: they did!!! now it's going to take a few more days before everything is delivered to the warehouse and fulfillable, but for now we are still looking at a first-week-of-september delivery for everyone. fingers crossed and thanks so much for your support and understanding!
fingers crossed that ups picked up today, although i know that it's out of your control.  thank you for all of the updates and transparency, it's very much appreciated.
still looking forward to receiving ours, but have to say i'm disappointed. i promised it would be a fun summer project for my son, based on your estimates. now he'll be back at school before it even arrives.
great - thanks for getting back!
felix: we started shipping last week and by the end of august all guitars will be delivered. sorry for the delay.
july delivery? what year?
thanks for the update an info rafa. can't wait to wail!
hi samantha! yes, timidly started today and we'll continue through this and next week. we'll send an update soon and you will also get the usual tracking information via email.  about amps: i really like the roland micro cube; we used that one last week at a trade show in nashville and the guitars sounded really well. we uploaded a bunch of videos on our youtube channel: http://www.youtube.com/loogspot cheers! rafa
hi rafa!  still on target with shipping today?  i think there was another update coming on the 20th (no big deal, i just now noticed) - just wondering if we should start stalking the delivery man.  also, any suggestions for amps?  thank you!  we're excited!
cool, thanks! :)
raymond: everything's progressing as planned now and we are on track for july delivery. i plan to post an update early next week. cheers!
hey rafa, any new news? loved the photos! can't waite! :)
javier: we are back on track and everything is going as planned now (fingers crossed). i'll share new pictures later this week. thanks for your patience!
hi rafa. any news to share?
raf, i know what it's like dealing with how china production works, i used to work for a company that had multiple production facility's over there, we finally realized, it's just better with what we were making, (low employee numbers as well) to do what we need here in the states in a small community. just less problems. no worries bro! it takes as long as it takes i guess. :)
nice! can't waite! :)
@maksim tsvetovat: all going well. new update coming before the end of the week; sorry for the delay!
rafa -- any updates on the production?
who will be the first to have an electric loog with a whammy bar?
@bosco ng: yes, you'll be able to do that. cheers.
i have posted my repy for guitar and color choice but i may be moving shortly. in the process of finding another adress. can i update my address info before you ship out? thanks
hi livia, simply out of curiosity too. product will be exactly the same regardless.
curious: why do you want to know if it will be played by a boy, girl or adult in the survey?
@bryan sanders: hi bryan; send me a message with your choice and we'll incorporate that to the survey data. thanks!
just wondering how i designate what i want for the second guitar. i only received one survey...
rebecca: yes, we are working on new accessories and a series of video-lessons. we'll have news about that before the end of march. we'll keep you posted.
i just saw the 14% discount you offered back in february on loog items. will you be offering an accessory packet offered to all your  kickstarter funders to purchase a package (including, a strap, a stand, a tuner, brand couple loog brand picks.  maybe you could, possibly, add a loog music package, to help us get started. best of luck, waiting with anticipation!
max: yes, that's correct. william: for now all we can say is "may". we'll keep you posted as always. thanks guys!
i choose a right handed version. it's the hand i stroke the guitar with… not the one making the grips. right?
what is the eta to begin shippng?
hi samantha: just sent an update & survey a few minutes ago. cheers!
thanks raf! i'm so stoked!!!!
hi!  just checking in to see if the update and survey are coming soon.  thanks for making such a great product, we're excited to pick our color!
thanks bro, can't waite!
raymond: thanks, all good and in schedule! :) i'm waiting for a few more news from the factory that should arrive today or tomorrow and will send a new update later this week. cheers!
hey raff, just checked in, saw your comment and picks from the first part of the month. curious as to what's up,  hope all is well there and you and yours are doing good.
hi sean: thanks! survey: before the end of february. i should have mentioned that in the update. thanks!
hey rafa - great to receive the latest update. sounds like things are moving along nicely. when will you be sending out the survey asking for people to choose a colour? cheers..!
that's why you're the businessman and i'm the goofball sending messages on kickstarter!  :)
@calvinbean: hi! i thought of that, but since we are still a few months away from delivery there's really no point in taking more payments at this stage. we already have enough funds for a reasonably-sized first batch so we decided to simply have a "notify me when ready" form at loogguitars.com/electric and resume taking orders when we are ready to ship them. makes sense? cheers! rafa
rafa: you should consider putting the electric loog on the web site for pre-orders (at higher than kickstarter prices, of course) in case there are people who missed the campaign but want to get in line for one when the kickstarter pledges have been fullfilled.
i had worries about if i had updated my financial info, i got a email saying it was declined, (my debit card had expired) i got a new one and set it up, i hope it's all square on your end with this update. :)
congrats on funding! very similar numbers to the first loog campaign, too!
\m/>.<\m/
@raymond fink: hi raymond: you are listed as a backer so it looks like you already went through amazon payments and now when the campaign is over (in just a couple hours!) your credit card associated with your amazon account will be charged. so you are golden; you don't have to do anything. makes sense? cheers!
raf, how will i pay for my pledge? debit card? is there something yuou will mail out? or will it be direct withdraw from my checking? this is the first project i have backed and not sure how it works.
@james hi james: it has been requested so we are seriously considering it, yes. can't make any promises right now, though, but hopefully we'll be able to add that option.  thanks!
ever consider a  non painted version of the body for those who want to stain/ paint it themselves? i will be getting the blue though, looks awesome!
@rafael, i completely understand. you told someone earlier that if they can get backers excited about a new color you'll consider it more. all i need is a good image to photoshop, i understand it's not a promise and could complicate the project.
i told my 10-year-old son the other night that i had bought him a three-string guitar and he was actually pretty interested, enough to ask me yesterday when he'll get it.  i'm hoping this rekindles his interest in playing guitar.  i'm never going to fulfill my dream of creating the death metal version of the partridge family at this rate...
@william edgar anthony silva hi william: those are all blues variations and improvisations by dinamita, and fran (the 11 year-old kid who appears at 1:37) is playing back in black by ac/dc.
@ian linkletter let us advance a little bit more and if we see we can offer more color options, i promise i'll do it :) the thing is: i don't want to just say yes to every request (even if it's a good idea) and then be overwhelmed by too many different skus to fulfill. having said that, i promise i'll give it a serious thought and in any case we will end up offering some kind of customized, kickstarter-edition-only detail in these guitars :) cheers!
what are the songs played by the guitarists in the video?
i'd love one of these in kickstarter green! is there a non-reflective image of the guitar i can photoshop to try and rally the troops? :)
@michael curtis hi michael, you can play an electric loog (or any electric guitar) unplugged too. it will sound, tune and play fine, only that at a low volume. it's ok if you plan to play in your home, but if you want to play on stage, rehearse with a band or play processed sounds (i.e.: distortion) you will need an amp.  so, it's not like an electronic keyboard that simply won't sound at all if it's unplugged; an electric guitar will still sound and that's how you will play it 90% of the time even if you have an amp.  having said that, i do recommend to get an amp to have the full experience. here are a few inexpensive options that are great: fender mini (http://www.amazon.com/fender-234811000-mini-57-twin-amp/dp/b000b2q2mc/ref=sr_1_14…), vox amplug (http://www.amazon.com/vox-amplug-ac30-guitar-headphone/dp/b000zmyrjs/ref=sr_1_1…) or even one of those guitar i/o for ipads and iphones.  hope this helps!  best,  rafa
i am very new to the world of electric guitars/guitars in general.  do i just need an amp to play my loog electric guitar or is anything else necessary?  thanks!  keep up the great work!
thanks. i never realized that it was possible to pledge but not pick a reward level. (on the other hand, a conspiracy would be more fun! or perhaps i've been watching too many jfk documentaries lately...) i really like how this ks campaign in is going, btw. you easily hit your goal with time to spare, but the volume isn't so crazy that your manufacturing infrastructure will be completely overwhelmed. congrats!
@calvinbean: oh: actually now i see what your doubt is: those "extra" backers are the ones who pledged less than $150 and therefore did not choose a reward. people can still pledge $1 or whatever they want if they just want to donate. makes sense?
@calvinbean: ha! i know, the project link on the homepage is not updated in real time, which is weird. not that i'm complaining of kickstarter! :-d
why does the home page on kickstarter say 377 backers at the top but the only reward says 338 backers? is there a "secret menu" somewhere that i missed? you guys aren't hiding an option for a black electric loog, are you?  :)
cool, thanks!
@raymond fink hi raymond! no worries, this is what happens next: we won't receive the funds until 14 days after the campaign ends, but we have already started working and even placed orders with our suppliers. we expect to have a final set of samples of the guitar in every color within 6 weeks and as soon as everything is approved and all details are perfectly nailed we’ll start production of the first batch of electric loog guitars! in the meantime, we’ll also finalize design of the guitars’ packaging. that should be fun and interesting to see, so stay tuned for renders and pictures. at some point, probably in about a month, i will send a survey for you to choose your model: color and if it’s right/left handed. we will send a separate survey, closer to the delivery date, asking for your shipping address. no point in having that information too early as some of you might move. (remember we are still a few months ways from delivery date.) hope this helps and please let me know if you have any other questions. thanks! rafa
raf, this is the first time i have backed anything, so it's new to me. what are the next steps??
@william edgar anthony silva: thanks william! sure, fellow lefty. (in any case, free the campaign is over we will send you all a form for you to specify your model). thanks again!
i want mine left handed and blue! such a cool project, absolutely can't wait.
@calvinbean there is a good chance, yes. thanks again!
perfect! thanks! any chance you'll be shipping cases within a month or two of the electric loog? i can wait a little and would like to support loogguitars.
thank you very much guys, really! @calvinbean we are working on one but it's not ready yet; i'm dying to show you what we are designing but i think we are still a month away from having something to show. in any case (no pun intended!) there are third-party cases that will fit the electric loog perfectly. basically, any baritone ukulele bag will do it. if you search for "baritone ukulele case" on amazon you will find many options from $10 and up. hope this helps! best, rafa
what about a case? will you offer one on your website, or is there a commercial one available that will work well? one thing that appeals to me about the loog (besides everything else already mentioned) is that the small size should make it great for travel. a case is a must-have!
genial!
...and we're home!
hi raymond! yes, we currently have a wholesale program for our acoustic guitar, and plan the same for the electric loog. as long as the folks at the store care about the products they sell, we are happy to have loog guitars offered there. and we have a form for that on our website: http://loogguitars.com/pages/wholesale cheers! rafa
raf, i got a question, does loog sell thru shops, or dealers?? i'd bet you would sell allot of them thru guitar center or another music shop. i'd be willing to check with some shops in my aria.
soooo close now!
dunno which media mention resulted in the spike in backers, but it sure makes me happy!
@james: i know!!! :-)
sooooooooo cloooooooossssssse
@aaron_in_sf: hi aaron, thanks! once the campaign is over i'll be able to send a questionnaire to all backers and then you'll be able to choose color. hope this helps. thanks again!
happy to have just pledged... i have two girls and you sucked me right in with the chosen promotional rocking. just one request: next, do a two string (or even one!?) electric bass ... :d oh and one question: i didn't see an option when backing to select color. if i missed that please let me know, i'd definitely want my girl(s) to choose!
woooo hoooooo !!! 200
@rebecca flowers: hi rebecca, thanks! yes: you will all be able to choose your color after the campaign is over. i'll send a survey and you can tell me then.  cheers! rafa
i originally thought i would like like loog guitar in the rose hue, but that eggshell white is really growing on me. can we change our original color choice? i'm sure we're going to pull in enough funds to make this project go (at least, i really, really am so looking forward to owning one)! good luck!!!
@tom carlson: fingers crossed! :-)
halfway! this will look sweet next to my acoustic loog.
@raymond fink: thank you raymond! :)
wow raf, this activity is so exciting, please everybody post a link to this project on all your facebook pages and instagram as well. i soooo want my daughter to have one of these. :)
@paul dribbell: hi paul! many, many thanks!  and yes: we have our acoustic loog guitars in stock at www.loogguitars.com best! rafa
i've also ordered this from london for my dad. i've not done too much digging around, but is the acoustic still available? i prefer the old methods...
@dave payne: thanks a lot dave! and absolutely: this is a perfect guitar for some seasick steve blues! cheers!
just backed this from the uk. looks superb - such a cool little instrument. looking forward to some seasick steve slide action (and the kids might get a go, if they behave).
@raymond fink: thank you very much! :-)
my wife and i have pledged, we hope this makes it. we have 3 kids, 2 of them play 6 string, our youngest doesn't yet, but this might help! :)
@raymond fink: hi raymond! if we reach our goal we'll definitely keep on going and will eventually release electric versions of the triangular and the rectangular loog guitars too, but for now, we are starting with this model; in accordance to new kickstarter rules, you have to show a real working prototype to offer a product and we decided to start off with our most popular model. thanks for the interest!
i am a huge cigar box guitar fan, and build and play cigar box ukuleles, i love your square or rectangle body on your acoustic is there any plans on using it with the pickup for a traditional cbg?
@jones: absolutely: one of the advantages of a kickstarter campaign is the possibility of listening to your ideas and comments so if there's more of you who would want a white loog, make some noise and we'll do it! at least as a kickstarter exclusive edition :-) cheers! ps: i like the idea of an all natural unfinished body too.  pps: yes, the neck is 100% compatible with the acoustic loog (same size, scale, etc.)
yes rafael, you absolutely shouldn't add a white option because i said so. i make and sell products too, so i know what it's like to have every customer wanting things his own way. i'm just throwing it out in case others ask for it too, or it's not too hard for you. i love to get all my guitars in white. one possibility is having an unfinished option. another question, is the neck compatible with the acoustic loog body?
@jones: hi! i hear you. actually we did play with a pure white prototype (with rosewood pickguard) as you can see in one of the small project pictures, but in the end we decided to go with the 50s palette. while i liked the pure white one, i know that offering that many color options can result in a logistics/inventory nightmare for a tiny company like us, so we have to limit ourselves. at least for now. i'll keep your comment in mind, though! cheers.
hi, i understand why these colors were chosen, but i'll really appreciate a pure white option.
@lance lindley: thanks lance!
interesting idea, rafael, very outside the box.  i dabble in modifying guitars, and i bought my 10-year-old the basic squier mini-strat, which i then gutted and went way overboard with dimarzio true velvet pickups, schaller tuners, and a string-through modification behind the bridge.  he still doesn't play it.  it's a good size for him, but yeah... six strings is still just too many.  that got me thinking for awhile about how to make kids' guitars better for people that really care, but because i was locked in the paradigm, i never thought about reducing the number of strings.  very cool.  i'm in, and hopefully this guitar will simplify things enough to have him playing more often.
here's a design ;) http://brian.kentosh.com/balalaika.jpg also this one: http://www.imperskaya.com/concept.htm  (the company makes acoustic balalaikas, their electric project never got off the ground this (just like kramer's gp edition) has limited audience -- but i think i could get a few dozen eastern european rockers to buy them.
maksim: we don't rule it out! we actually have a triangular acoustic guitar (http://loogguitars.com/collections/products/products/loog-iii) so who knows.... thanks for the support, cheers!
would you per chance make one with a balalaika body, as a tribute to gorky park and kramer guitars? painted communist red, of course! i'd gladly pay double for that :-)
