we apologize for the delay in the u-lock for anyone who purchased it through our padlock campaign. you can find the latest update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-u-lock-worlds-smartest-u-lock/posts/1783726 if you have issues with your padlock or did not receive your padlock please email support@noke.com and we can solve this for you. thank you, the noke team
@creator - your lack of updates to those of us who upgraded one of our locks to the ulock which is significantly delayed is disappointing and borders disrespectful... you are way behind on your delivery commitment and because we're not part of the ulock campaign we're in the dark. if you don't want to update us here, you should be reaching out to us by email.
got mine, and just gave it to a relative as a christmas gift. but it works really strange. (samsung galaxy s4 mini with android 4.4.2 and bt 4.0 according to its specs). the app staid still for more than 10 minutes at the end of setup when it was "saving the settings", but the noke appears as set, and visible by phone. but neither 1-step opening nor 2-step opening works. by chance found that just 3 short presses open it (and that's not the configured code), even when phone isn't arround. can't be a setting because it doesn't have the minimum 8 signs, so maybe factory default ? i don't see any way to reset it into factory default mode, and restart. 2-step opening doesn't work either: sometimes the green "open" button appears in the app, but tapping that green button makes the noke flash in red. so not working. at this stage, i'm very disappointed. this appears to not work out of the box. went to amazon and saw in reviews that it seems to be a general problem ?
hi noke team, i want to ask regarding the rest of the items that have not been ship to me until now? such as the noke u-lock? regards, danang
here it is dec 2016 and i have never received my cables and bike mount. they were going to be part of a christmas present to my son and daughter-in-law who have given me my first granddaughter, my only grandchild. please please investigate this and get the rest of my reward out to me posthaste. my current address is  john p delaney 3721 ashley oaks dr. apt. b lafayette, in 47905-6005 united states
makoto, dennis, deborah & luiz: if you could send an email to support@noke.com we will figure out what happened with your orders and get you taken care of.
i have never received, can i cancel my pledge?
i have never received dha1313222@aol.com!!
also still waiting...
hi fuz, my key would be good to wait forever. please send soon.
juan and martin, it looks as though your survey was never filled out. we will be reaching out to your directly to provide that survey to you. isaac, we are extremely close to having the u-lock completed and expect mass production to begin this october. i would head over to our u-lock campaign to learn more. luiz, i apologize you never received it. please contact support@noke.com and we can get you taken care of.
after 2 years, nothing arrived yet...
would like to know when we will receive or noke u lock ??
hi folks, as i received my cobi today i couldn't wait to get on my bike & noke would make my experience perfect so my bike will nearly be smarter then me then ;) unfortunately i didn't receive mine so far eighter and i was happy that juan postet this here while i was looking all through my update mails if i missed some survey... could you please be so kind and look after my delivery aswell - thanks a lot & thanks for this padlock anyway!!
i did not receive my product, please let me know why, the due date is more than a year by now.
robin wu, we are reaching out to you directly. thank you for letting us know. kyle, we were excited about this too! great to know that our locks are secure! thanks for linking that. shinji, i'm sorry that you were having some issues with the shackle but glad you were able to get it working again. we also recommend 'silicone grease' to loosen up the shackle if it is ever sticky.
update. i could repair it by myself. i opened my noke and splayed lube oil (kure 5-56) then it works fine again.
still not receive mine lock
congratulations guys!  one of the 25% that couldn't be hacked. https://www.engadget.com/2016/08/10/researcher-finds-huge-security-flaws-in-bluetooth-locks/
shinji, we will be reaching out to your directly. thank you for lettings us know about this issue that you're experiencing. please look for an email within the next 24-48 hours.
hi, my one was broken. it's doesn't lock sometimes even after it emits red led.
nikita, blake, robin i apologize you have not received your lock yet. i will be looking into your orders and reaching out to you directly, expect an email soon. thank you
still waiting on mine as well.
still waiting on mine as well.
still waiting...................
still waiting...................
hello, could you check status for my nokes, still haven't recieved.
maxzz, glad to hear that your locks arrived. thank you for your patience. yanghwan choi & dennis kenike dockx, i will be reaching out to you directly to resolve these concerns. thank you for letting us know you haven't received your reward as of yet.
i'm also still waiting for my shipment.
hi i am still cannot get mu noke. please contact me!!
finally i got my nokes this noon(7/1). hope yoshito & denis you can get your nokes as soon as possible.
hello yoshito, denis & maxzz, i have responded to each one of you via email. this will be the best way to communicate going forward so you can get immediate help rather than the comment section. thank you.
again, please tell me the state of my order. when does it reach? please.
wondering where mine is.
again, since last reply it's been half of a month. i still not receive my noke, and no one give me any reply or info. i want to ask again "where are my nokes?"
fujiki, i believe we have reached out to you. i will look into this order for you and reach out to you within 24 hours. benedict, i'm sorry it seems you haven't received your yet. i will look into this and contact you directly within 24 hours. thank you for your patience.
thanks for the response , i will continue to wait  will comment again in a few weeks time to update you guys if i have reiceved it or not
i have not received my order neither. were are my nokes?
maxzz, i believe this was reshipped. i apologize that you haven not received it yet. we will look into the reshipment and reach out to you. thank you for letting us know you haven't received it yet.
it's almost been a month. and i still get no info and no contact. how long do i need to wait for re-ship ???
kevin, we contacted you a couple days ago. i would check your spam or junk folder. let us know if you didn't receive a message at support@noke.com yoshito, i will look into this order and reach out to you. thank you for letting us know. rod, we're planning on being around for a while. we're looking at a couple different options where we could go next. stay tuned!
still have not recd my locks
please tell me the state of my order. when does it reach? please.
any thoughts to making a smaller one for lockers etc.
jorge mora, we emailed you on the 18th of may. i would check your spam/junk folder for our emails. thank you. jean-stefane, we are in the final stages of production. you can read the most recent update here; https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-u-lock-worlds-smartest-u-lock/posts/1554214 jack, robin, & philip thank you for your patience. we are working with our shipper to re-ship orders that were returned. unfortunately it takes some time for packages to arrive back to them to reship. i will look into each of your orders and hopefully have a response for you shortly. joakim, so glad to hear that you like your lock and use it everyday! this what we like to hear. any questions please feel free to contact support@noke.com
where is the lock？shipping to the moon？
hello, i have not received my order, messages you guys over two weeks ago and i have not received an answer so far. please contact me regarding my order as soon as possible. thanks.
@noke - any update for those of us who replaced one of our noke locks with the bike u-lock? the silence is pretty disappointing!
the noke locks i s great, use it almost everyday at the gym.
i haven't received my 5 locks. i have been trying to connect with them for 2 months already. i have sent them about 10 mails, they replied only twice. my order hasn't been shipped yet, and they do not reply to me.
i've already emailed them 2 days ago
jack, please contact support@noke.com and we can assist with this. benedict, i apologize, we are working with our international shipper now to get orders re-shipped that were returned. unfortunately some packages can take time to return to them in order to re-ship. we will get you taken care of.
i just received the noke and finished setting it up through the app. i unlocked it once abs re locked it and now it won't open. i tried to unlock it through the app and the noke will flash green but i can't open it. i even tried the quick-click code and like before it'll flash green but it won't actually unlock
hello it's been 2 weeks
tami, glad to hear that you love your lock. and i'm sorry to hear that someone tried to get in with a pair of pliers. future colors will most likely be used with a different type of paint. geoffrey & selichi, we will be reaching out to you to provide you a link to your survey. maxzz, we advised our international shipper to re-ship yours as well so i apologize you have not received it yet. we will be contacting you directly.
tami has been using his noke for 5 months!!!!! and i still didn't get mine. what happen???
where is my noke？
i still have not received my noke... help!
first off i would like to say i love my noke. i have been using it for 5 months and still love using it every day. my one suggestion for future batches is to make the coating more resistant to scratches. i ordered the black noke and it has significant scratches on it. some scratches from someone trying to get into my locker with pliers (or something similar), the other scratches are from being dropped on a tile floor. i wish i had bought the uncoated version now because my beautiful noke looks a bit worse for wear.
benedict, we will be looking into the location of your package and directly contacting you soon. thank you for your patience.
hello i also have not received my lock , would appreciate if check on my order for me as well . been waiting patiently
maxzz & robin wu, we will be contacting you directly to make sure you get your lock. we have had some international locks go missing (most have arrived) so we are working through those with our international shipping partner. sherry, we're glad that you chose noke to protect your shed! definitely extra safe now. we do plan to implement our tech into other applications in the future. stay tuned!
i love this lock! now no one can get into my shed ...! i'm sooo happy.  hey can you make one for my front door?
where is my noke...
where is my noke？
bob, we have emailed you your tracking number as of today for the second shipment to you. andrew, i apologize. we are waiting for secondary stock to arrive in order to ship your order since the original was returned. we will contact you directly.
so disappointed in this company. its april 19 and still no tracking number. just ridiculous
i've still not received mine, can i have my tracking info so i can find/track it? cheers andrew
bob, we have contacted you directly via email. we will get this resolve for you. rob, we have also contacted you via email and i apologize that your lock was defective. we have had a few locks shipped that were either defective or had issues, this is expected. the amount of defective units however it quite low compared to how many locks we have shipped out. we want to get this taken care of for you.
i ordered the noke with a bike mount kit. after 3 rides with the lock in the bike mount the lock body dropped off the shackle leaving the shackle clipped to the bike mount. so after all that waiting the lock only lasted 3 weeks before it fell apart. i'm not impressed.
as you said you have shipped thousands but only having problems with dozens of shipments, if its only a few dozen, how long does it take to track those shipments? if you cant deliver please issue refunds!
its now april 14 and still no package received. not sure what is happening !!?
tushar shah, please contact support@noke.com for questions regarding your order. bob, we are working with our shipper to get everything re-shipped. as per our email, we did confirm that the updated address you gave us was correct. i will follow up with them again. maxzz, as stated above, we are working with our international shipper to re-ship/locate any returned/missing packages. this does take time since we are working through multiple shipping issues. we shipped thousands of padlocks and dozens have had shipping issues. we appreciate your patience. tomas, we are working on a way to use the apple watch with the noke. stay tuned.
please let me know when finally i'll get my reward?
jay, finally!!!
i still havent received mine. they are shipped from hk, i live in hk. they wont even tell me if i can physically just go and pick it up. at this point i am looking to get a full refund for this garbage device from this garbage company
mar 23 the noke team says they will reach me shortly for my missing reacking number. and they did, on mar 25. said hopefully receive this by tomorrow. today is apr 2, i still got no reply for my tracking number... and emailed then, got no reply. very very disappoint.
fuz: hmm? you're "working" on an apple watch app that can communicate directly with noke? that's not even possible with the current version of watchos. the corebluetooth framework isn't available.
heiko schroder, we are working on an application for the apple watch to work with unlocking the noke. once the application is developed, you'll be able to use your watch similar to the fob. sajid fakir, so glad to hear that you like your noke and it is working great for you. let us know if you have any questions. lauren lapointe, we have contacted you directly about your order. tino de rijk, i apologize you're experiencing the issues with the ios application. this is strange because it has been the most stable. if you contact us we can provide some troubleshooting steps. you can contact us at support@noke.com
hy there - maybe i`ve missed something ... is - or will - there an app for apple watch ? i use the noke for a room downstairs where i wear my apple watch always but don`t take my phone with me.  the click codes work are usefull but just wondering why i cant use my watch like a noke fob.
received mine a few months ago but never got around to using it. set it up and used it today. setup was simple. and it works great.
i never got mine.
after restarting the phone, everything seems to work again. but it has become a hit-and-miss affair....
after upgrading to ios 9.3 the noke has become useless. the app doesn't communicate anymore with either the fob or the lock. how about testing your stuff, boyz...!?!?!?!?
eitan, depending on the phone that you have it can take anywhere from 2-7 seconds to unlock. some phones it takes just a few second, while other phones it may take up to the 5-7 seconds (or even longer). each phone has their own bluetooth stacks and bluetooth protocols which can affect this. as companies upgrade their firmware, software and protocols we will be able to make the time to unlock a lot shorter. even if it does take 10 seconds to unlock, in our experience, it would still be quicker than taking a key out to unlock it, then taking the key out again to re-lock it. richard, thank you for this. yes unfortunately some countries do have customs fees. the shipping that was paid covered the initial shipping costs and supplies but would not cover any customs/import fees. linda & patrick, we have emailed you so you can fill out your backerkit survey to receive your locks. anthony, i apologize for this. we have received your support email and will be replying to you shortly. maxzz, i apologize for the delay. we are working with our international shipper to get clarification on orders that have had issues with shipping. we will be reaching out to you shortly. if anyone has any issues please feel free to contact us. if you have not received a tracking number from us this means that you most likely did not fill out your backer kit survey. please email support@noke.com if you need any support or information. thank you, the noke team
have't receive my lock, too. and last mail about my tracking number was 10days ago. give the noke team my information for tracking my order, then the mail stopped. what happened??!!
haven't received my lock or even a tracking number for that matter. anyway to push this along?
still have t received them. tracking says "delivery attempted" but i have no idea how the attempt was made. i work from home, the delivery address, no "we missed you card" - no "call us to pickup your parcel" - pretty well nothing. probably the worst shipping company i've seen in a long time. how can i take delivery/possession of my 10 noke?
still waiting for mine to arrive. linda
beware customs charge.  i have two locks - they are great.  however,  i got stung with a £20 charge from customs because they were sent from hong kong.  make sure you factor this in when deciding whether to buy them!
@creator. the lock is great, but why it takes him to long to open with the phone. p.s. can you please make the lock close auto after x sec when no one open it. just for safe. .
manuel & oleg, thank you for the feedback. the backplate can be a tight fit, this is because there is a rubber gasket seal that keeps out water and dust. when twisting i found that it is easiest to place the back panel in the center of your palm and press against the front of the noke while twisting the backplate counter clockwise. tomas, i’m sorry you’re having this issue. if you could contact support@noke.com we would be more than happy to help with this. andrew, if you did not receive your tracking please contact us. manuel, the contact points on the bottom of the lock are reversible. so you can have the battery facing towards or away from the lock. it will not damage it at all. bob, we are currently in correspondence with you. i apologize for the issue with the shipping. kk chan, thank you for the feedback. we are working on ways to make the lock open when you get in specific locations. once the application is optimized, we will start adding these extra features. matt, please contact us and we will help you get your shipping issue sorted out. kevin, we do hope to incorporate the fingerprint reader into our application. once the app is optimized we will start introducing these extra features. ryan, great question. the locking mechanism uses a ball bearing to lock the shackle in place. the notch that you normally see on the end of the shackle we placed inside, so it is hidden. when the motor turns, it locks the ball bearing against the notch making it so you can’t pull the shackle up. it is extremely strong and cannot be shimmed. we did do some hammer tests in office and it took about 3-4 solid hits on the body to make the lock stop working, however even after we smashed the lock we still we’re not able to open it. another thing to note is that when we hit the lock, we placed it against concrete. if your noke is locked on something, it would be difficult to damage this way because you don’t have a concrete backing to hit it against. anon, thank you for the feedback! we’re glad that you loved our locks and appreciate the updates that we gave. we could have done better, but we’re thankful our backers stood with us. again, i want to thank everyone for their patience and understanding. it seems like most backers have already received their locks and some are still on their way. we did have some additional shipping issues that we are working through (invalid address, info needed, etc…) so we may be contacting some of you to resolve these things. if you have any questions please contact us at support@noke.com, if not enjoy your locks and have a great weekend!
brilliant locks and i found the way you corresponded with the community to be excellent. stuff happens, that's life, but you kept us updated and that was the main thing. well done to you all.
apologies if this has been answered previously, but wondering how the locking mechanism actually works inside the lock.  it does not have the "standard" notch on the shackle so wondering how the mechanism holds the lock from opening.  also wondering if the lock has stood up to a standard hammer or sledgehammer blow?  if this information is available somewhere i am happy to go read about it, just cannot locate this information in the usual places i would expect to find it.  thanks!
hi, i wondered if it would be possible to add the option of a security pin, or even better fingerprint scanning (i have a galaxy s6), when launching the app. it would stop anyone getting access to the locks if they had  general access to the other parts of the phone e.g kids playing games but not opening the big cage in the garden with the hungry lion in it!  . perhaps the best bet would be to have the added security as an option in preferences. thanks for a great product. ps. i was only kidding about the hungry lion; we feed it every day 
the tracking number is pretty useless as it only tells me that it was sent overseas and doesn't track it past that. 4 weeks seems a little long to still be waiting.
regarding geo location and speeding up the unlocking. it would be a good if you can check how the august smart lock app works. they must be doing something right as the lock unlocks automatically as i approached my door. somehow, they are able to wake the app and get it to communicate with their lock when i am near the area/lock. it's based on geo location as i had to set that up in the settings of the app. i don't think this is an ios limitation.
they are shipping from hk, i live in hk, still havent rcvd it, although those living in other countries have? please explain !?!?!?!?
ok, i got an answer to my email and with an ethanol-cleaned back disc and very dry rubbed fingers and a lot of force i got it open now. the next problem i run into is, that the jump-start doesn't work using the very same battery from the lock. i watched the faq-video very carefully and also examined the lock very carefully, before i tried it and i found the following problem: on the faq-video (https://noke.happyfox.com/kb/article/43-video-noke-padlock-faqs) at the time 1:04 min you can clearly see, that the upper contact (towards the front with the led) has to be the plus-contact (+) since it has contact with the rim of the battery, which is the plus pole of the battery together with the top surface containing the labeling of the battery. however, on my lock the plus (+) symbol is at the bottom contact (towards the removable disc) whereas the minus (-) symbol is at the upper contact. i tried the jump-start the way it shows at my lock meaning that i pressed the rim of the battery against the plus-labeled contact and the minus pole of the battery against the other one. it didn't work at all! did anyone else tried the jump start function successfully using the very same battery that came with the lock? can i try it the other way around without damaging the lock?
still not received mine... will i ever see it?
unlocked my noke, but had to activate the app before anything happened. i hadn't quit the app or rebooted the phone or anything. i locked it and tried to unlock it again five minutes later. again, no response. had to launch the app again and wait for the spinner while it logged in. sometimes, i press the shackle, the lock blinks green and makes the clicking sound as if it unlocked, but it's still actually locked and the shackle is absolutely stuck. locking it and unlocking it again solves it. these issues combined with the generally sucky bike cable makes it the probably least convenient bike lock on the planet. :/
i agree with manuel.  it is very difficult to remove the back cover.  there is no easy way to get a hold of the back cover and twisting it is tricky.
i just received my noke padlock in grey today.  so far, everything worked fine. however, the back disc of the lock can not be opened as shown on your "noke padlock faqs" video (https://noke.happyfox.com/kb/article/43-video-noke-padlock-faqs). even in the unlocked and fully opened (!) position i can not twist it at all!  what can i do to open it? i already sent you an email last friday but haven't got any answer yet.  i don't want to postpone this problem until the battery needs to be replaced. greetings!
masahrio kunishou, we have shipped the locked. if you did not receive your tracking information please contact support@noke.com and we can supply that to you. mads sandal sønnichsen, glad to hear that you received your noke. unfortunately each country has it’s own customs thresholds and may place a cost on the import. your country may have a low threshold which resulted in the charge. lee, i apologize for the delay. we have reached out to you to get this resolved. skippy, sorry to hear that you had some initial issues, but i’m glad to hear that it worked out for you. please let us know if you have any other problems or any questions. thank you again! joerg u, i’m sorry to hear that you received a charge from customs for this product. most countries have thresholds for products coming in to the country, in some cases they will apply a customs fee. let us know if you have any questions or concerns in regards to your lock. thank you. paul vanderheyden, thank you for the compliments. let us know if you have any feedback that would help make the application better or if you have any feature suggestions. arnaud hallais, i’m sorry that you feel that we managed the community incorrectly. we tried to be as transparent, quick, and efficient as possible when creating a brand new product and bring it to the market. we may have fallen short on delivery expectations, but the real reward came in the lock itself - which as you stated, is great. we are continuously working on the application and if you’re having issues i would recommend contacting support@noke.com so we can fully help you. our customers our are top priority here at noke so we want to make sure you get taken care of. thank you. oleg27, thank you for posting this here! the iphone application has been pretty stable but in some cases the clearing of the cache does work. juavane oliveria, thank you for the compliments. we’re so glad that you love them and think they’re great. if you have any issues whatsoever please contact us at support@noke.com we would be more than happy to help you with your fobs. kk chan, thank you for the feedback on the app. the application currently does not have any type of geolocation built in. unfortunately, because of limitations with the ios software, it may take some time to unlock if it is running in the background vs the foreground. this also is affected based on how long the application has been dormant. if the app was just recently closed, it would take just as long as if you were to have it in the foreground. if the application has been suspended (multiple apps opened after closing the noke app) then it may take a few more seconds to the phone to wake up the app, connect to the noke and unlock. as apple upgrades their software and gives us more way to connect via bluetooth this should hopefully get faster. let me know if you have any other questions or feedback. thank you. christian schultz, i apologize that you’re experiencing issues with the application. we will reach out to you to start some troubleshooting help. thank you.
i got my noke today (was send with swiss post). unfortunately it does not work, as the anroid app crashes continously during the installation process.
for future improvement: currently, the noke takes a while to unlock once i click on it (i.e. lock onto iphone6). sometimes i just stand there with the family wondering why i am not opening the door ;). at times, i reach for my iphone thinking the app no longer works. i think this is because noke app is running in the background. isn't the geo location for the app working i.e. once it reach a certain location, bring the app to the foreground or activate it so that it locks onto the noke faster? i have an august smart lock and it's able to auto unlock once i arrive at a certain location and walked near the lock. don't want the auto unlock for noke as i like the extra safety of still requiring a click to unlock but would like to have the auto detect feature to speeds up the unlocking.
i just received (in brazil) my 5 noke locks and 5 keyfobs (i may need to order some more keyfobs in a while). i registered all locks and they are working gracefully. i am yet to get the keyfobs working (i registered them but failed to link them to locks, but i'll work it out later today). congrats! noke looks great!
here is what worked to get the locks working with an iphone 6. the noke team sent it to me: - clear cache: press and hold the power button until the “slide to power off” appears (do not turn the phone off). once this appears let go of the power button and hold down the home button until the screen flashes and goes back to the main screen
got mine today. the application ( android ) crash when i take a pictures / select a default photo / eventually using gallery it crashed but was selected. so far the product is great but the way you managed your community have done  irreparable damage to my trust. so i do not trust you when i have an account to create. i do not trust your lock and i am so disgussed by the way you traited your community  that all my spare time will be dedicated to produce an app to unlock any noke as it seems that the pk is based on the serial number.
got my two nokes. very nice!  they connect and work with my iphone 6s great but i can't get them to work with an iphone 6. anyone else have that issue? i've sent a support request but i thought i'd pick the community brain!
gotcha, you great solid beautiful noke!
i received an invoice today fedex. €25!!!  3 weeks after delivery...
received my black noke, mount, cable and fob in the netherlands. i had to pay €18,66 for customs though, even for this product coming from china (on most shipments from there i never had to pay extra). at first the noke wouldn't react/pair with a light upon click. dead/forgotten battery? i tried to twist off the lid with my handpalm several times. i did not succeed in that. so i put it back in the closed position. but then suddenly it worked. apparantly a loose contact? now i've got it working as promised. it was hard to get the mount on my bike, because it has wide tubes. even without the spacers. also, most tubes on my bike aren't round! i was able to mount it in 1 spot, probably the best also :-) so, i'm happy now :-) it's a very solid lock. thanks!
still waiting to hear back about the missing cable it's been over a week now. 24 hours to reply! this is a bit of a fantasy.
25 dollars in handling charge added to handling fees. thats more than 1/4 of my original pledge. fantastic.
it is masahiro backer number 4,404. noke heights do you ship?
glad to hear that locks are still being received and that everyone so far loves them! thank you all again for your patience. it has been a long journey with lots of learning on our side and we couldn't have done it without all of you. even though we are almost done shipping, this is only the beginning for noke. please if anyone has any feedback on the lock, application or noke in general let us know! we would love to hear from you on how we can make your experience that much better. in regards to shipping, we are almost complete. we are currently working through some orders that have issues with shipping, most of you who are having issues are aware and are currently in contact with support@noke.com. for everyone else we will be reaching out to you to resolve these issues. if you have any questions or concerns regarding your order please contact support@noke.com, we're more than happy to help. however, when contacting please allow 24 business hours for a response as we are extremely busy with all of the orders that are going out. again, thank you so much for your patience and enjoy the locks! thank you, the noke team
just got the lock today. paid 25€ in taxes and customs (slovenia - eu). works ok, quite heavy though ;)
got my noke yesterday. works fine. good stuff. the bike cable is thick and stiff, which i'm sure makes it more secure, but also less easy to deal with. it's also heavy, and combined with the padlock, it's crazy. placing it in the mount is fiddly, and often inadvertently causes the padlock to unlock. so i'm not sure i would recommend the cable and mount.
shipment arrived and looks good, setup 2 locks and working good with with iphone and fob. had also to pay vat/tax for the shipment. +1 for auto lock. gets little strange when you use it at the gym and put the phone in the locker och lock with noke...have to remember to kill the app before.....
does anybody else noticed the battery drain: https://onedrive.live.com/redir…
hi, received my noke in france but also received a fedex invoice asking eur38.00. how does it work? do need to send you the invoice copy to get a refund? thanks a lot.
great product! today, i was lucky to receive my noke in black - looking great so far! thx
still waiting for my two noke and cables. yet i see them available immediately on amazon. please advise.
hi there, problem solved with last app update :) nice thanks ! need help for french translation ?
arrived yesterday to new zealand, almost a year after the predicted date... however, i have no complaints. good things come to those who wait. the style, design, engineering and usability are outstanding. i purchased 3 locks (2 black and 1 grey) and 1 fob. love them,  thanks. also thanks for keeping us in the loop and taking us on the journey with you
note to uk backers - looks like fedex sends an invoice later for vat and their handling charge.........£20.55 gbp for me....
my problem is there seem to be alot of bugs and they send no manual explaining how to cope with connection problems. it has problems all the time. all in all if it would work how it is designed it would be quite good. the features are well thought-out. here is what i wrote to them in an email: "there is no troubleshooting oder feedback possibility at all on your page. there ar no information how to cope with known problems. what can i do to try to open noke more consistent. i have no clue when it does work and when not. when i do have to close the app and launch again to make it work when nothing is happening. sometimes it works on the first click, sometimse on the third. sometimes not after 20 clicks. it would be usefull to give information about known issues. if you don't the only possibility is to assume the product is abolute crap and to return it." i also noticed a massive battery drain. is there a fix to that?  if i change to 2 step does drain less? is there a possibility to implement a feature to activate a 2 minute window within one can unlock the lock once and afterwards the app goes back to sleep. please build a forum or feedback site. this site is not enough i posted my problems here: https://www.reddit.com/r/lockpicking/comments/48ob9z/does_anybody_else_but_me_has_a_noke_bluetooth/
just got my noke and bike lock through the uk post today. looks awesome and can't wait to get it up and running...
i got my noke's. next time, i bay that stuff in a store and not at kickstarter. the time is to long and the stuff is not cheaper.
it's made it to nz! works perfectly. will attach to bike tomorrow. yay!
lock arrived today.  great build quality, only issue is that it doesn't seems to like the one click unlock in android.  it takes forever for the phone to connect to the lock after it is woken up and sometimes doesn't even successfully do that.  thank goodness for the quick click and fob.
@creator i have a suggestion . why not allocate time to "open lock" mode after about 10 sec it close auto. that will make shure that the loke will not stay open regards
hi all,just receive my noke :) great quality but for software i got a problem : i pair my phone and noke. app fc (oneplus one android 6 tugapower rom m40). and now i can open the noke but doesn't appear in app. how to solve this ? thanks, regards
creator. it's doesn't work well. sometimes its open and sometimes not. why????
mine is not working right every time i push the lock down it stays in the down position and i have to manually pull it up so i can never use a sequence to open it.
my grey padlock finally arrived. estimated delivery: feb 2015. actual delivery; mar-16. downloaded the app. followed the instructions. it works. now maybe i'll be sent a free fob in consideration of the interminable wait. we'll see.
today i received an invoice from fedex. i do have to pay them 23,59€ custom and tax fees. :-(
thank pontus lernhag  and fŪz designs for asking my question.  now at least i am able to get the combinations to work . thank you = )
got mine today via swisspost. went straight thru. no fee whatsoever. got my silver noke and a keyfob. works like a charm. fantastic product. i am glad this thing is now finally over. from. ow on i will buy my gadgets directly. lesson learned.
oh, by the way: i tested it a little, and i must say, it was worth waiting!! it's really cool, and does what they claimed it will do, so no major problem or issue until now... let's see how it will work next days...  :-) @creator: you did a very good job! except the shipping process, which could have been a little more transparent (silver were sold before the backers getting theirs) but i think this is something a lot of creators don't think it can go so wrong...
@skippy: had the same feeling, until yesterday... it has arrived (ouf!) mine went through whole europe: from switzerland to czech republic, then up to danemark. finally, it went over germany (stuttgart) to come to my home in luxembourg, eu. it took a journey to get to my mailbox, but it did find me.  :-) so, i guess, all you can do, is wait and see.. like it did.
just received mine (literally!). nice packaging! will test and see how this performs
hello everyone, as always, we're excited to see that everyone is receiving their locks. as of the 22nd we have shipped out most kickstarter orders. we have had a few shipments that had incorrect infomration, or required some type of contact information for the carrier. with that being said, if you have not received your package or tracking information please contact support@noke.com so we can resolve that for you and make sure your noke gets delivered. also, if you have any issues with your lock or any concerns please contact support@noke.com thank you again for being patient, we appreciate it more than you know. -the noke team
no update since this last status from swiss post: feb 23, 2016 05:54 pm departure from border point of origin country. asendia hong kong has the plain/train crashed, been robbed? is the package lost or stuck somewhere in the process?
recieved mine today! tried it a couple of times and it works fine! super cool. need to visit my gym soon to see if it fits... the cables for the bike seems good. have to wait for warmer weather to test them. all in all happy about the product, except for the long wait.
finaly arrived after 18 months...it works great! thx team!
omg, those postmen must be drunk! lol! my rewards are shiped by asendia hong kong, as a side notice. ok, i'm in luxembourg, eu. (we're between germany, belgium and france, very small country, i agree) february, the 20th, my tracking showed me my noke showing up in zurich, switzerland. that's about 325 km (200 miles) from me. that was ok... last friday, it went to czech repubic, nearly 600 km (370 miles) away!! hmmm... today, it went to kopenhagen...780 km (486 miles) from my home...!...! i wonder why...? they were soooo close first. well, now i just hope they put on their glasses or what else, and that they get my shiping adress right... crossing fingers! looks like this thing will go all around the world... oh my...
got mine. great product. worth the wait.... eait for the u noke....
got my black and silver lock, bike chain and 2 fobs a week ago. these locks are heavy! they seem very solid and feels great in your hand. their seems to be a rattly component in each lock, but i think it probably has to do with the elecronic unlocking mechanism. one of the fobs didnt work when i tried to set it up, but i opened it up and saw that it shipped without a battery inside. whoops! :) i also received my tracking email 4 days after i received the locks. :) all in all, a good product. look forward to using it this summer.
i got noke today. good product, good job! creator!!
hello! yesterday i got my castle, it is a very good and high-quality art created castle! thank you!!!
@nana: it's a little relief to me.
got it. love it. thank you :)
find the lock a bit tight when opening. can i spray with wd40 to loosen it?
tracking num that sent to me doesn't exist. please help....
@rayn: they answered this before. the rattling noise is produced by the ball bearing moving between the motor and the shakle.  no need to worry.
received my 5 locks yesterday, thanks.  no problems getting the first one to work.  i do notice something rattling around inside each of the locks, or something that is loose when you shake the lock.  wondering what this would be and whether it is normal?  thanks for the quality product!
i received noke today in japan. @nao : i could see the serial number at set-up time, but i cannot see it now.
i have not receive mine yet at all.. :(
i received a package today in japan. it works great, but the noke app doesn't show a serial number of the lock. is it normal?
mine just arrived in toronto, canada via canada post. no duties or taxes were owing :)
@tim: thx for the information. asendis is of the shipping companies...
philipp: i don't know what you mean with "asendia". the shipments origin was hong kong and the sender kingdom logistics fuz designs. it was delivered by fedex.
@tim: did u recieve it via asendia from hongkong as well? anyone in germany so far who had to pay customs?
received today in germany. it's a relieve not having to deal with customs. thank you for that! product seems to be ok. it's a bit disapointing that the free side of the handle does not clink into some locking mechanics in the inner of the lock when you close it. hope it's safe enough as it is.
recieved today the grey, black and silver noke´s in the netherlands. great!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
simon, we can offer some troubleshooting steps, please email us at support@noke.com and let us know what problems you’re running into. mr.theerapon, for the silicone cover, i would recommend gently twisting it off, it doesn’t need much pressure and the more pressure you apply, the harder it will be to take off. quick clicks currently do not get logged, but will be in a future app update. in regards to the battery level, it will show under your lock name as a battery symbol when low, this will be the only indication of a low battery as of right now. hein, the windows application is still currently going through the microsoft approval process. please contact us at support@noke.com and we can provide more information for you. kf_loke, i’m sorry you’re having issues logging in. please contact support@noke.com and we would be more than happy to help you with this. asdsieg, the lock should definitely not open after a random series of presses. if it opens with three clicks, this mean it is still in factory mode - or like pontus stated, if you are near the lock it will open while 1-step is activated. please contact support@noke.com and we can help you with this. for everyone else who hasn’t received your locks, they are on their way. if you did not receive your tracking info via email please email support@noke.com and i can provide that to you. for everyone who has received theirs, we’re glad you like them. if you have any issues or questions regarding your lock please don’t hesitate to contact us. thank you, the noke team
@asdsieg do you have your phone nearby when you try using the click combination. if you have the phone nearby it will activate the normal 1-click and verify via bluetooth. to use the click combination you need to be away from you phone or totally close down the app.
@stefan: was ist asendia from hongkong as well?
got my shipping confirmation... it's on the way! ^^
same here.  via swiss post (asendia).  another 2-3 weeks from hongkong to germany.
belay that, i just received the shipping confirmation. from now on, 2-3 weeks from hongkong .... jayy... i guess
backer 3870 in germany. nothing yet and no shipping notice either. can still get the padlock at amazon within 12 hours or at gravis in the shop immediately.
still nothing here!!  (netherlands)
backer 1605, received nothing yet here in belgium
germany, btw.
yes, got it today. no customs fee! so far works like a charm...
this is the first kickstarter that i am actually disappointed with.  overall it would have been cheaper, faster, less risk and more reliable to order from firebox.com than have participated in this campaign. i know get to look forward to a hefty customs bill.  i purchased two notes via this kickstarter, for that same price i could have gotten 3 from firebox.com, had them delivered quicker, and been protected by the consumer rights laws. it truly is a shame that the priority for fuz this time was not with the people who actually supported them, gave them money, believed in their vision, and enabled them to do this venture.
just received my lock today , the quality is good . do any of you experience problem in the "quick click" feature? no matter what combination of long or short press you preset, if you keep pressing the shackle of the lock at random intervals or long short intervals it will unlock the lock even if the combination is not what you set . anyone gotten this issue ?
exciting to receive my lock today. sad thing is cannot create account using the app. i'm using latest iphone 6s plus...
received my order yesterday here in luxembourg !! looks great so far
backer position 2600. receveived nothing up to now in germany.
received my noke's yesterday here in switzerland (backer #4117). they look great ! but before the weekend i'll not be in a position to test them. thanks
i've just received my noke padlock today. the locking mechanism works perfectly but i have some questions with my padlock. 1. the silicone pad is very soft and when i use a coin to open but it's very hard turning because of the silicone is too soft. is there any easier way to open this just start hole in case of emergengy? or bypass this step and change the dead battery directly. 2. when manual click-code is performed, there's no log in the software. is this normal? 3. how to check battery life of the padlock.
i simply repeat my fellow countryman's comment: haven't received mine here in the netherlands  :-(. no shipping info either. would be nice to receive some info about when they are arriving.....
haven't received mine here in the netherlands  :-(. no shipping info either. would be nice to receive some info about when they are arriving.....
haven't received mine here in germany :-(. no shipping info either. it's available in lokal shops off the shelf. that's really dissappointing! if i could, i would send it back on arrival...
austria: got my reward (3x locks, 3x fobs, 1x cable mount) today. from hongkong, locally delivered by fedex. got no prior notification. had to pay another 52,31 euro in customs duties, import taxes and fees. customs value of shipment was declared at usd 70, but austrian customs checked kickstarter (got an attached copy!) and calculated all duties based on regular backer price. whreras at gravis.de noke locks have been available for weeks now, at € 79,99 including all taxes plus 9,99 € shipping cost to austria. locks themselves are well packed and look good. will test functionality later today. overall i must say, i am "not amused". this entire disaster should not definitely not have happened.
uhm, guys i just received a notice from amazon that i can order a noke in silver for $69,99 and have it delivered within 12 hours.  would you like to comment why amazon has it before you delivered all the rewards to your backers and, more serious, how it can be sold for $69 (10 bucks above campaign price) and not $89. i hope that means we all get a $20 discount, right?
hello from germany! haven't got mine yet. not even an e-mail.
@karl: you proceed by paying the tax, i guess?
just got my package (one black, one grey) two keyfob, and two bike mounts. the lock is very well made, good quality !!! the android software may need some improvements, not very responsive for the unlock operation. i am using lg v10 phone.
got my nokes today, but there was tax to pay in austria :(, how to proceed?
as of now have still *not received* notification or locks.
any news on the windows mobile app?
everyone, we are glad most of you have received your noke locks and/ or shipping confirmations. there are a few stragglers out there, but most should be on their way now. as you can see by many of you receiving your locks before the confirmations were even sent, the communication between us and our shipping company in hong kong just hasn't been as good as we'd like. the is why many of our expected shipping dates didn't appear accurate. once again, we are sorry for the bad communication between us and our delivery company which resulted in bad communication to you. thanks for the feedback on the locks and we are glad you love them. we have much better app translations coming in the next 2 weeks as well as some app improvements with setup, fobs, sharing. thanks everyone.
received my shipment of locks today in the uk. didn't get a chance to test the yet.
have had my black lock for a few days (and strangely received my shipping notice after it arrived). it hasn't been put to use yet to actually lock something and have multiple access holders but in playing with the lock a lot since receiving, it is very sturdy and responsive. the software, while functional, needs a lot of work. i've successfully linked my fob to the lock but it still doesn't register on the software. all in all, fuz may not have delivered on timelines or promised discounts on this project but i am very happy with the end product. hopefully the software will improve quickly and fuz are about to provide adequate user support.
onboard for delivery today, yippie!!
received my noke's yesterday in belgium and the mail with tracking code a few hours after that! anyway, it is perfect. everything is as promised. well done!
fwiw: i just got the email with tracking info. 5 days after i received the nokes.
ok, things are moving... got an e-mail with my tracking number! it appears that they already are in zurich, switzerland...! so just a few hundred km to get to my front door in luxemburg. hope to see my 2 grey locks in my mailbox soon then (still crossing fingers!)...
@robert product they are shipping from the website is silver which they have said is the model that they have made first and the most of. most people that only ordered silver should have had product before it was available to order?
got my tracking number today, of singapore post. the mail says another 2-3 weeks. the website isn't updated with status probably cause the shipment is just sent.
i've got to say, i'm sorry the masses. we backed this project well over a year ago, and after a few delays (happens) the delivery date was pushed to after april last year... then pushed again, and again. while i  understand that a project as ambitious as this risks delays and hangups, i don't agree that the only thing we get from our support is a slight discount. as of right now, your own site shows locks in stock and shipping the next day... to anybody who wants one. as of right now, other companies have stepped up and developed, produced, and shipped locks of similar design and technology. the kickstarter supporters - the ones who helped you make this project a reality - deserve more than a year of apologies and "heartfelt thanks". for starters, we should have all had our locks in hand before they were in the market. i can't say i've been impressed at all with the way fuz has managed this project.
still waiting for my shipment
me too, still waiting for mine... ;(
hi - now testing... the locks are really awesome. but the german translation is very very poor.... who 's done this ? the muppet show people?
i forgot all about this pledge. i just realized i still didn't receive anything. no tracking number either. and already on sale on amazon. wtf is this??
hi. not everyones international get the noke. still waiting for mine.
received my locks here in australia. all i can say its been worth the wait! it looks like the picture, it performs like they said and is easy to use!!  thanks noke team you have delivered a quality product!
rich, please contact us at support@noke.com anthony, like phillip said we posted a video in our updates section that will explain how to remove the lock. thank you, phillip. we're glad that everyones international shipments are arriving. i apologize that you did not receive your tracking number prior. our international shipper has been sending packages out for the past week but we just barely received the tracking list on wednesday. it does take some time to sort through all the information and import it over to our own system to update everyone, if you would like your tracking number before this happens please contact support@noke.com again, we appreciate everyone for being patient through this process and want to thank everyone for their support. thank you, the noke team
just received my 6 locks... very nice... here in mexico !!!
received mine today (2 black, 1 gray). just like that.  no tracking number. first impression is positive. great packaging!
can't believe. recieved my locks yesterday here in germany... nice
is there supposed to be a tracking number of sorts? it's been a bit since the last update and so i'm just a bit confused
anthony: check the update section. they explained how to get the lock out.
seriously - lock arrived in sydney australia today. product looks great.... but i've no idea how to get he lock out of the stupid packaging without breaking it... awful packaging design.
so much for kickstarter backers getting their orders first as a reward for letting the company use their money. this project has been a total disappointment. a month ago i commented that acc to status my order was ready to ship. noke commented international orders will ship on january 25. a month down the line my order is still ready to ship so yet more bullshit. shoulda just bought it retail. not even sure i want the damn thing anymore. think i will take it up with kickstarter.
i don't want this anymore - i just want my money back. please let me know how to proceed.
avtvm, we understand we could have made it more clear that you could have switched from your colored locks to silver, this has always been an option for our backers. unfortunately it would have delayed it further if we would have shipped it ourselves since we would have had to ship the product from our international shipper to our office in the us. elton, the locks have been shipping since last week, unfortunately not all of the locks went out. the rest were shipped this week. you should receive yours soon. geoffrey, you’ll be receiving your lock very soon. fung, glad to hear that you received your locks. if your black lock does not respond i would recommend removing it and re-adding it. if this does not solve the issue please contact us at support@noke.com jerm, thank you for your patience, you should receive your reward very soon. rl, i apologize for this. we will reach back out to you today. thank you. tomas, we wanted to provide what was offered and promised in our kickstarter. a lot of people would have still been disappointed if they didn’t receive their colored locks. marc, they have been shipping, but as said it has been a pain to get updates from this company. i would imagine a lot of that was because of the cny but some of it is not. i apologize for the delay and thank you for the patience and understanding. fabian, glad they arrived and work for you! enjoy your locks. frederic, you will be receiving your lock soon. i apologize for the delay and any inconvenience it caused during the holidays. sydney, glad to hear your locks arrived. unfortunately, as stated in the previous update we made, we had difficulties getting updates from the shipper which included the tracking list. this is the reason you didn’t get a tracking number before it was delivered. we unfortunately never received them. thank you for the feedback on shipping. pontus, you had switched you locks to silver, which is the reason why it was shipped from the us rather than our international shipper. in regards to the stiff shackle, if you continue to have issues with this over the next few days please contact support@noke.com
agree with pontus: - silver lock click isn't as good as the black and grey - it feels like it's tolerance is looser than the other two - there's also a bit of what looks like rust in the hole where the latch is inserted - however, after 1/2 day of use the silver lock's feel seems to have improved
more information for international backers: - i live in sweden and received my locks 2 days back. - i did not receive any tracking email. - shipment was sent from us. - i had to pay customs charges. - packaging was ok, small dent in one of the boxes. locks: - one black and one silver, they both look fantastic. - they feel fantastic, only drawback is when you shake them something is loose inside which makes it feel less sturdy. - functionality: 8-16 digit click-code always work. the normal 1-click is not 100% reliable but i will do some more testing to confirm. - the "click"-feel of the silver lock is not as good as on the black one. it is more difficult to click and does not give you a satisfactory feedback making it slightly difficult to use.
for all the international backers waiting for their locks, here's some info from my experience that you might find useful: - i received mine (black, grey, silver) today in melbourne, australia  - i never received an email with tracking from the fulfilment company - the shipper was "fortune c/o seko omni, alexandria, nsw, australia" - the tracking id confirms that the fulfilment company used a re-shipper in australia different to the one used to get the package from hk to australia -  i suspect using a local reshipper will add 3-10 days and will be out of the control of the fulfilment company - the packaging the 3 locks and 1 fob came in was unsatisfactory. there was no bubble wrap with the locks just loose in a cardboard box. luckily there doesn't seem to have been any damage
just asking and wondering: this is what i pledged for (and didn't receive yet, 2 black, 1 gray): noke 3 pack with cables. get 3 nokes plus 3 custom fŪz designs cables and bike mounts at reduced kickstarter price of $195. $132 off retail price. ordering the same products today (and receiving them quickly in silver) would cost me $299. a discount of $104... not the $132 as stated during the campaign. i've also added 3 keyfobs, making the total amount i've pledged $262 (excl. $15 shipping). ordering it today would have raised the amount to $360... still far away from the $132 discount... even slimming the discount to $98... still not taking in account the import and duty tax that will be added, slimming the discount even more... fŪz, please tell me what happened? i love your products, having several everdocks and the felt case... and always shown my appreciation for your products and efforts. i even understand delays can happen (and sometimes, they are a necessary pain to produce a better product). but the constant delay's during the last 3 months (promised one of the noke's as a "delayed" birthday gift 5 december 2014/ expected in feb 2015, missed 5 december again and hoped to be able to give it with christmas 2015... uncertain of a new date now. used several iou...) and the price difference... it makes me question this campaign... (buying just the locks from www.firebox.com would have cost me €76,89 for one lock. no import/duty tax, a total price of €240, delivery included... pledging on kickstarter for just the locks would have set me back $160 or €145 incl. delivery excl. import/duty tax. still "only" a $105 discount... and the surprise import/duty tax)
hi! today i receive mine here on mexico. i made some test and it works fine! thanks fuz designs.
well, ok, you just can't control everything, that's true. i, for my part would've been pleased to read this update a few days ago... but anyway, at least, they wrote an update (thanks!). now we know where the shoe hurts, it's more easy to swallow the bad news. i hope you'll get the things sorted out with your expedition company, and that they'll do what it takes to get all the shippings out as soon as possible...!
making the padlock in different colors was probably a bad idea. focusing on just one single product would have been easier. once they realized different colors would need significantly different manufacturing, they should have scrapped the idea.
the wait itself is bad enough. but what makes it really inacceptable is the fact, that noke locks are sold in stores around the world and on in the fuz design/noke webshop and at a price that is barely higher than what early backers paid. this is what makes me very angry. why was there no offer to all backers with orders for black or grey locks asking them whether they would prefer delivery of silver ones instead. i would have gone with that. many (international) backers are really getting shafted on this one.
@creator, just received my noke (black and grey) but both didnt connect with my panasonic lumix dmc-cm1, please check email
augh! my lock! where! cny is overrrrrrr! rwarrrrr
dear creator, i received my black & grey locks today, the grey works fine, but the black one did not responds to the phone after adding to the app, what can i do? the serial no did not show in the app, is it normal?? thanks.
am i going to ever receive anything having to do with shipping my pledge..?
creator. you need to know about the chinese new year. its not suprise that they on holiday until 24.2 at the beginning we trust you to be honest and care about the backer, we see that we wrong about it. it's sad that you give us bad taste in the end. i already buy the u lock too hope that. you be better in that project.
stuff and fire the chinese. don't wait for them to ship. organize it yourselves and deal with the chinese guys later on, suing them or whatever. just send silver locks instead of black and grey to all international backers, except those who explicitly state they want to wait forever for black and/or grey. you must be sitting on tons of silver locks, since you can supply retails stores around the world and also sell them in your own store. and make it fast! patience is up.
everyone, i just wanted to jump in and give a quick shipping update for international orders including black and gray locks. my mind is blown about as much as yours. the reason we haven't been able to give any status updates, besides the ones that ended up being erroneous, is because we sent all the inventory necessary to ship out your orders to a fulfillment center in hong kong a few weeks ago. we also prepaid for all the shipping to you. we've used this company on a couple other projects and they are the same company that shipped out all the orders requiring just a silver noke. so, we didn't expect any delays once they received the shipment from the factory. as you can see, our expectation that your orders would be turned around in a couple of days was not met by our shipping partner. our emails to them have not been returned for the past couple weeks and they are blaming it on chinese new year. now that people are returning from chinese new year, i expect to hear from them in the next day or two and i expect this to be resolved soon. i'm not telling you this as an excuse. it's just the facts. i'm not asking for your patience or forgiveness. we've already exhausted as much of that as we could ask for. i've been holding off making any comment about this because i figured we'd have it resolved by now and i'd be able to give you good news and everything has shipped. unfortunately, that hasn't happened yet. while i am unable to give you the news you wanted, i just couldn't let another day go by without expressing my apologies and letting you know the status. i expect to have a more detailed stats update in the next day or two.
benz, i apologize that you're having issues with your lock. we have reached out to you in regard to your issue.
hi there, how do i go about changing my preference to ship whatever color you have... i am ok with any color if that means i can receive my noke(s) sooner. love to hear back.
have you shipped yet? can i change my address?
@nokē you should be embarrassed about how you handed this kerfuffle of a kickstarter. lying about the backer discount, empty promise after empty promise, more "delays". i've emailed you several time in the last few days, you promised tracking numbers on friday and today is tuesday. i'd let this slip if this was the first time but it's been way more than a couple now. i will be sure never to support your company directly from now on.
creator fŪz designs on january 27 jh ponsteen, kirpa singh galati, jerm, & ruppert, we’re in the process of shipping out international orders. i would expect to see your shipping confirmation within the net 1-2 weeks still waiting
still waiting for my noke...
@noke - please respond to my support request. this is getting very frustrating. my 3 locks are very inconsistent with my android (samsung), my wife's android(samsung), my friend's android(lg) and my brother's android(htc). sometimes they work, sometimes they don"t. i've uninstalled/reinstalled the app many times, rebooted my phone several times and still very inconsistent. adding a new lock sometimes works and sometimes doesn't. sharing locks sometimes show up in accounts and sometimes they don't. see a pattern here? very inconsistent. certainly nothing that can be relied upon to use anymore. also, after a brief warming spell in mn, some light precipitation and then a cold snap, the one lock i had in service was frozen and had to be thawed with a heat gun. luckily this lock was linked to a fob because the app didn't work. please get your app sorted out or refund me for my 3 locks and 2 fobs. they are unusable at this point. thank you
@ creator still got no tracking number, email or locks here in germany.
nothing received here in switzerland yet. should i worry ? thanks
still waiting!! no mail no nothing!! for sure my last backing of a fuz product!! they should be ashamed!
i complained before in previous comments and was trolling their pr/community manager and get ban from kickstater. since still no  answer " blablabla   email at support@noke.com  blablabla" this product should never have been retailed before serving the backers. we have been waiting long and that's not the issue https://ksr-ugc.imgix.net/assets/002/430/459/4a6a604e5e8743a5e7d3522aa776807d_original.jpg… the issue is that you never told us please note that if you purchase this color you will receive your noke long after it goes retail at almost the same price ( with the risk of paying extra taxes ). why not ask to substitute color if you knew they will be longer delay. when we back a project it's to have a conversation not this monologue of yours. this is the worst way to manage a community , we are not an investor having the product before it goes released to main public is part of the implicit deal. no if you don't see that you have to make something to make it up, it is not personal but the person in charge of the community/pr should find a new job as this is really not a way to deal with a community
also waiting to get something (news, update, tracking number or so...) would be nice to get some kind of info on where you're at with shipping...
philipp. good words... you speak in the name of a lot backers. waiting for creator response.
i can't believe what you guys at fuz did to your backers. don't get me wrong. i love the product and i'm happy to support this whole thing. but your approach on sending the locks out, on your information policy, on your pricing policy and bringing them to stores worldwide is absolutely arrogant!!! can't u see what u r doing there? do u even care? let's put some facts together: first: be a backer, get the lock 30$ off retail price (that is what you said). well, i paid 60$ and u can buy it at your own store für 70$. it would at least be fair to reduce the price for backers or add some sort of goodie. it's us who made this possible!!! second:  availabilty. how can it be possible to have them sent out to retail stores worldwide before sending them to your backers? dont start this "only silver" thing again. u know that's irrelevant. if you concentrate all your manpower on sending backerkits out, the job would have been done a long time ago. third: your information policy. last update was a month ago? we want relevant information! tell us where the locks are. u can just add a sheet with backer numbers and update the progress there, it's not that hard to communicate. and don't answer with that "send an email to support@noke.com" crap. it's your job to show some respect towards your backers and keep uns informed on a regular basis. especially whe u are running that late. you are all about them dollars and don't care about anything alese anymore. that's a shame for kickstarter and a shame for fuz designs. i will never ever again buy something related to your company.
this is one of the worst kickstarter projects i´ve backed so far. no progress, the statusupdate shows for weeks, ready to ship.  but haven´t received any trackingnumber.... i can´t recommend anybody to order the noke so far.
no email. nothing. it's nice that we can get this lock straight from https://www.verkkokauppa.com/fi/product/63683/gkckg/noke-padlock-alyriippulukko-hopea and same price. what the hell!? where is my lock?
still nothing, how can i check my shipment?
have still not even received an email notification. shipping is taking way too long. fire the logistics staff.
hi, i am also still waiting for any mail!!
hi, i have not yet received an email or my noke. when will mine be shipped?
still no sign for my order.
hi. still wait for my black noke. when you are finish the shipping of the black?
kirpa, we sent you a reply to your issue. i apologize that you're experiencing issues with your locks, we're more than happy to assist with this. in regards to the fob limit, you can have in excess of 10+ locks on a single fob. this is because the fob information is stored in the lock rather than the lock information stored in the fob. this is why you're only able to have 10 fobs synced to one lock at a time. giampaolo, we're aware of some application issues which we are fixing however the amount of customers affected is small in comparison to how many locks we have shipped out. most customers have no issues with setting up and using their noke's. if you do have any issues at all you can always contact us via phone or email at support@noke.com grant, we received the tracking number list which we will update this coming week. we appreciate your patience through the process. thank you.
hi i am one of your backer, who did not receive anything until today. now i need back up from you guys. please send email to me or any further message.
@kirpa is there only one button on the keyfob? i would assume that it would be only one keyfob per device??
looking forward to my notification email this week
@marc, maybe one year earlier but reviews don't look good
update: opened another 3 locks, they work fine individually (some intermittent cases had to reset them because they stopped responding - prob  an app issue [android]). when using with a new key fob, the first 2 locks worked beautifully - no issues. when i pair the 3rd lock, one of the earlier locks stopped working with the fob. had to reset, remove fob, add that earlier lock again, and re-add the locks. still, no matter in which order i add the locks, the first lock that i add and is/was working with the key fob, no longer works with the same key fob when i add a 3rd lock! very strange issue! do advise on course of action to be taken. is there a limit on number of locks per key fob? can i add only 2 at a time?
hi, got my order yesterday. mailed in to your support as well, given the reviews from backers from earlier projects i'm not too concerned as i hope you'll be able to take care of them. but just to understand from other backers, opened 3 nokes yesterday, one was dead after a few tries (no light whatsoever on pressing the shackle, and the phone cant find it anymore), the one locked/unlocked beautifully for a while, and for about 10mins, was stuck when locked. the fob or phone didnt work to unlock it (yes they were both paired), and it took what seemed like ages to get it working again. my only concern is that i backed into a beautiful product but one which is essentially first gen and prone to a lot of issues. i'm worried if i lock the gate or other important areas, such reliability issues can be a major concern especially if you're in a hurry, or have a client in tow with you and thats when it also becomes very embarrassing. is anyone facing such similar reliability issues as well? p.s. the third lock that i've opened works like an absolute charm so far with almost negligible delay and solid feel. when it works its brilliant and i love it! so its definitely not a phone/fob issue since i'm using the same to communicate with all the locks so far.
hello everyone, if you have any questions for your order, please email support@noke.com as we will not be answering specific order questions in the comment section. we started shipping international black/gray locks however we have a couple thousand to go through. unfortunately this does take some time to get through all of the orders. the majority of packages were shipped last week, and some to trickle over into this week. being a first backer, or last backer won't have an impact on when it is shipped. we are shipping in large batches, usually to make it efficient they will ship single locks first, then multiple locks of the same color, then multiple locks of separate colors, then locks with accessories, etc... we appreciate everyones patience and understand the anxiousness of receiving your noke locks. please keep a look out for a shipping confirmation email. we will also be receiving a compiled list of tracking numbers from our international shipper once everything has been sent. not too much longer until we are done shipping all of our kickstarter orders so we appreciate the understanding. please email support@noke.com with any other questions or concerns. thank you, the noke team
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@ben stewart wow - this is indeed "maddening news". would it be possible for you to please post a picture of the black nokes you saw in that bike store or a link to that offer? i'd love to see proof and then really give the creator (fuz design) some hell. thanks! waiting for my international order [austria] for 3 nokes - 2 silver, 1 black - have not received any shipping information at all so far.
i don't want to be a spoilsport, but according to the reviews of this product, this one seems to be on market for nearly one year now...  :-( http://www.amazon.com/ivation-wireless-bluetooth-electronic-padlock/dp/b00tralfk8/ref=sr_1_1…
was happy to wait for this, was perfectly content to be patient. i knew it would be in soon, all i needed to do was wait for customs. $95 for a black noke with cable and international shipping to nl, that's a steal. all was good, right up to yesterday when i found a rack of 6 black nokes with cable, each lock priced at $80 in a local bicycle repair shop. properly disappointed now.
baker 1657 nothing right now for me please give me a status update / tracking information for my order !!!!! i think there are not 1656 international bakers in front of me there are now 10 days since you have begin shipping international orders !!!! i wait for a answer greetings daniel
paid $74 in 2014 and not yet received...... and it appears you can buy here for £59 and in stock http://www.firebox.com/product/7037/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock…
"we started shipping international black/gray locks however we have a couple thousand to go through" i'm backer #3 (yes, number three), so i should be among (if not the) first international gray lock backer, but i haven't received any indication of shipping. hmm?
just wondering, do you folks not see the large comment from fuz that was posted right before your queries?
hi shawn, you advised via email that international orders would be shipped out in the week of 25 jan. i've not received any notification yet. please advise.
@creator - still no sign or information about fulfilling my pledge. when can i expect either shipment or a commitment when you expect to update us?
backer number 239 still nothing
hello everyone, we're glad to see that people are enjoying the locks that they are receiving. in regard to any questions for your order, please email support@noke.com as we will not be answering specific order questions in the comment section. we started shipping international black/gray locks however we have a couple thousand to go through. unfortunately this does take some time to get through all of the orders. i would expect the majority of packages to be shipped this week, and some to trickle over into next week. we appreciate everyones patience and understand the anxiousness of receiving your noke locks. please keep a look out for a shipping confirmation email. we will also be receiving a compiled list of tracking numbers from our international shipper once everything has been sent. not too much longer until we are done shipping all of our kickstarter orders so we appreciate the understanding. again, any questions whatsoever please contact support@noke.com. thank you, the noke team
any update about the shipping schedule for austria?
is there a person who lives in east asia and has received black noke?
tino: you shouldn't quit apps manually on your iphone. you don't save any memory by killing apps; ios closes them for you automatically if more memory is needed. same thing with battery usage (with a few exceptions,and you can turn most of it off in settings); apps normally don't run in the background (they're frozen), and thus don't affect battery life. only kill apps if they're misbehaving and need to be relaunched. regularly killing apps manually is unnecessary.
my noke + bike mount in silver arrived yesterday – without receiving a prior tracking or shipping e-mail. location: the netherlands. so it seems the tracking mail system is not 100% reliable. but at least i received it now! so for all international backers that did not receive a tracking mail: it might just arrive on your doorstep without prior notice. having said that: the product is quite impressive in all aspects. very good build quality, and works as documented. i tried out 3 modes: 1- click, “morse-sequence” using the shackle, and the fob. all work perfectly.  a note though: auto-opening (i.e. 1-click mode) only works if the app is active.  i tend to regularly close my apps to save power and memory on my iphone, so need to remember to start the app while biking.  having said that, it is also a nice “safety feature” to avoid accidental opening in 1-click mode: just close the app. the bike mount is a work of art. good looking and working. well designed.  a tip though for the fuzz guys: the provided two sizes of rubber insert to fit the saddle post in my case proved to be in the categories “too thin” and “too thick”. can i suggest a 3rd size, in between the other two? my bike is a quite normal stevens road bike, nothing special. saddle post diameter  = 27.3 mm. having said that though, the solution was simple: use a piece of old inner tube from a car tyre (available from the waste bin of your friendly local car dealer) to pad the thinnest rubber insert, and the problem is solved. i like that the cable is a separate piece: easier to guide through e.g. a wheel than a conventional one with a locking end attached. the ways it goes onto the bike also makes it look tidy and rattle-free. i can see the problem of the spontaneous unlocking in 1-click mode as described by jlr, especially when fiddling with the cable when attaching it. the solution would be to either move to 2-click mode or, like i said, close the app. i can actually see myself using the “morse code” mode the most, as it does not require any phone interaction anyway. in that case it works like a normal lock with a rotating number mechanism, but with a safer and easier mechanism due to the user-selectable morse code. bottom line: good product, happy with it so far.
any updates about the black noke for international shipping?
it's now the beginning of february 2016, i am tired of being patient and waiting my pledge (one entirely year!!!) and no clear indication on what and when we'll receive my pledge... if i receive it. very disappointing! :-(
...........?
@creator. what about the black for the international shipping, you promise to ship it last week...?
@creator - i've been a big believer in your team but i must admit, i'm pretty disappointed right now. i still have no indication my pledge has shipped and you haven't provided us any indication about shipping the black and grey locks! have you shipped them? when will you ship my pledge and when will you provide me a tracking number? thank you.
any chance of knowing if my pledge was processed?
love the locks--gave the second one to my husband but now wishing i had kept them both...
i haven't received any email or notification yet what is the word on my locks please
@fuz noke team - it has been a very long wait, but i received my two noke locks, bike cables and remotes.  the packaging of the noke is stunning!  so well done that i held off opening it until the next day.  seems like a quality product already.  now its time to test it out.
received mine few days ago.. now under testing to use it on my main entrance gate. will tell more here after few more days try. aric
hi  i'm in uk... where's my grey noke?
@creator can a discount code be provided for purchased few additional noke? thanks. rico
hi noke: could you please advise me of the status of my order? i ordered a black one almost 2 years ago. ships to ontario, canada. thanks.
can i have tracking number?
i got my box of nokes.  is there a way to disable the quick unlock code?
my 2 locks arrived today, with the bicycle cables.  wow !  the coolest locks on the planet.  i have not put them to field use yet.  so far i see no issues with accidental opening.  iphone app for two stage unlock works flawlessly.
@creator, i havent recived an email with my tracking number yet i need it as i dont check my mail unless im expecting a package as my mail box is in a fifferent city than i live and work
@creator. a few days ago, i commented about the fact that the shackle is very sensitive and that the lock was reopening with just a slight involuntary touch of the hand. after a few days of usage, and bear in mind that i use it on the bike with the accompanying cable, i can confirm that it is so sensitive that i don't even need to touch it; after tying the bike to a pole and closing the padlock, the simple fact of letting go the cable from my hands resulted already twice in a reopening of the lock (i guess that's because the cable is rather stiff and a slight movement of it generates by reaction a slight pressure on the shackle). up to now, i always noticed that the lock had reopened and i closed it again, but i could very well have missed it and i would have left my bike with the padlock open. this is really problematic and i really think you should address this issue, hoping that software update can fix it. moreover, i have 3 u-locks in order, so i hope that this problem will be tackled on that side too. baring that, the padlock works flawlessly, thanks. regards.
i need to know if i will ever get any updates on my shipping... i would really like to get what i paid for please.
@creator got it.  changing the battery is actually easy.  great design. thanks.
hi, it is now the end of january 2016, i am tired of being patient, where is my order of a black and silver noke? when will i get any shipping news?
hi, i received my noke in germany last week. the longest time it took from customs at frankfurt airport to the local customs office in my town and to inform me by letter. during this there were no updates of tracking information. i had to pay 22,- euro import fees and now have the noke two fobs and the bike mount. everything doing well, only the inner part of the noke front is very lightly missplaced, like mentioned in one of the updates by fuz for the back of the nokes.
1 or 2 weeks from now i can't believe it on december 31 you wrote me a pm ( your order will ship later this week or early next !! after that date you say next week and last but not least international orders will start on january 25 an now another 1-2 weeks sorry but that is a mess every time delay after delay ..... !!!! angry baker :-(
jason, if you have moved please contact support@noke.com and we can assist you. nyxolyno cangemi, thank you for the compliments! we’re glad you like your lock! amir rakib, we posted a video in our latest update. it will show you how the packaging opens. jlr, thank you for the feedback, we’ll look into this and see if this is a feature that we can add in future updates. thiago n, the sound you hear inside is the ball bearing moving between the shackle and the motor, this is normal. enjoy the lock! rico, perfect! glad to hear it works good for you. the rattle inside is the ball bearing moving between the motor and the shackle, so no worries. steven, we thought it was worth the wait too. we spent a lot of time fine-tuning different aspects of the lock and it turned out great. thank you for the compliments! rico, we will be updating our help pages. to remove the battery however you would just need to have your noke in the unlocked position. place your palm firmly on the back of the lock and twist counter clock wise. once this is done, the back plate will start to release. you’ll also notice dots at the bottom of the back. locked is when the two solid dots line up, unlocked is where the solid, and transparent dot line up. jh ponsteen, kirpa singh galati, jerm, & ruppert, we’re in the process of shipping out international orders. i would expect to see your shipping confirmation within the net 1-2 weeks. tim, glad to hear you like the quality of the lock! these locks are extremely solid. kao, when removing the back plate, you’ll want to make sure the noke is unlocked. once you twist (counterclockwise) the back plate will release and you can easily remove it, you should not need to pry at all. please contact support@noke.com if you’re having issues with this. tommasi, we are working with our translations. i apologize if they are a little off. please look for updates translations in our upcoming updates. eric owens, please contact support@noke.com and we can assist with any issues you may have. jd, we’re all for a+’s. thank you for the compliments. our design team did an amazing job on this lock and it turned out perfect. enjoy the lock!
received my lock and have been testing for a week and it is working perfectly on my outdoor shed.  no more fumbling for keys when below freezing outside.  overall design and feel is an a+. packaging was very professional. overall i am very happy how this campaign concluded and i am very happy with the end product...thank you noke team for a job well done.  i will definitely be ordering a few more.
how do we proceed, if we've received a defective lock?
sorry did the shipping for international bakers with black and gray locks has started on 25 january ???? thx dan
update for international bakers did
week of the 26th. hope to get an email on shipping soon!
received my two locks on the 21st, although i was out of town and unable to look at them until yesterday.  sadly, i'm having issues with one. downloading and installing the iphone app and connecting to both locks, went quickly.  in fact, setup took far less time than it did to get those locks out of the packaging ;-), wow!. i bought one black and one silver. black lock -- everything appeared to go well, including the first unlock. however, when i relocked it, it would not open again. i tried multiple times but no luck.  i removed and re-installed the lock from the app, using the forget lock button but that did nothing either.  i've tried "1-step unlock" and the "2-step unlock", no difference. silver lock -- appears to work as expected.
got mine a few hours ago...amazing! best padlock ever see! solid, great design, what can i say...cool. just one question, how can i change the language in the app? i'm italian but the translation in my idiom is terrible, i can't understand many words!
hi noke any updates on whether my shipment has left the warehouse? paid for additional express shipping as well, hope to get an update soon. just from an engineers perspective, on the issue of time taken to open the app to unlock (which can be cumbersome and time consuming), the solution was to have it running in the background. fair enough - here's another possible solution (atleast for android). normally as a power user, i tend to have too many applications installed on my phone, even a quick find of an app sometimes can be annoying - i find that i prefer apps that have a widget on the main screen for quick/easy access. if you could extend your app to create a widget (or does it already exist?) that would be super useful for very little additional work.
it feels like the back cover is going to snap in half when i try to pry it open in the unlock position. can you upload a video on how to remove back plate.
got mine the other day, they look great and have a nice solid feel and weight.  now to find a purpose for the locks.
hope to get a shipping message from you this week. (backer 6,108)  henri (netherlands)
still no noke :(  us 10-pack, some in each color.  looks like other people are getting theirs so it's not without hope, but still frustrating.
@creator can you please provide a written or video instruction on changing the battery for the noke?  thanks.
received my grey noke and key fob today. it's awesome!! despite the delays, the wait was worth it to ensure that the noke is of top quality rather than rushing it out to meet deadlines. @thiago and rico the rattling noise is from the lock mechanism. when you pull on the shackle, it doesn't make the noise.
@creator the noke package is very good.  i opened one of three noke.  the silver noke function really well with the noke app running on ios 9.2.1.  thanks for making this noke project into reality.
@thiago i experience the same with the silver noke that i received.  it is 100% working.  just sound something lose inside when shake.
is this happening to anybody else and is it normal.
got my noke and it looks great but i have a question when i shake the noke there is a sound of something lose inside of it this happens with the shackle open or closed.
@creator thanks for the prompt response. well, actually to follow up on my previous remark concerning the easiness with which the lock opens again by just touching the shackle, i agree with the comments that the fact that it is impossible to know if the lock is closed or open (apart from looking into the history in the app) is annoying. personally, i just noticed that i had reopen the lock because of the clicking sound, but when in the noisy environment of the streets i am not sure i would have noticed it. so maybe it would be useful to keep the led lighted in red when we close the lock for about 5-10 seconds, since it would give a reassuring visual confirmation when getting away from the lock. regards
got my lock. how do you take it out of the packaging...??
got my noke a couple of weeks ago. i just wanted to say, well done! what a fantastic product. you truly created a great lock. way to go guys.
since this whole kickstarter campaign finally came to fruition i have moved to a new city.  which means that the order i originally placed is probably linked to that old address from over a year ago.  what can i do to make sure i get my order ?
hi su & jonathan, we’re so glad they arrived and that you’re impressed with the locks. we love the feedback! jean-louis, thank you for the feedback. we’re glad it works well for you despite being a little sensitive. our developers will be seeing this comment, please let us know if you see anything else that would make your user experience better. lenny, we love our utah winters (okay, maybe not all of us here at noke) and would love to hear back from you in regard to your experience with using it in the weather conditions here. since it is rated ip66 we’re confident it will hold up very well. jerm, thanks so much for the compliments and thank you for being patient through the process and sticking it out with us until the end. james, alex is correct that you’re able to see a history of when it was locked/unlocked. the unlock history will always show however the locking history will most likely be changed in the near future. the locking history is not consistent because the noke is not required to connect to the application to lock, it doesn’t always let the phone know what it did. christian, thank you for being patient. you will notice the silver locks on third party websites however since you have not received yours yet, you ordered a colored lock (black/gray). if you would like, we can switch your color for you. if not, we will be shipping international orders starting 1/25 thanks again everyone for your patience, we can’t express this enough. if you have any questions whatsoever, contact support@noke.com
and then i found this ???? http://www.coolstuff.de/noke-appgesteuertes-vorhangeschloss
i´m still waiting
you have a history in the app, you can have a look there. the problem: only if you used your phone for unlocking and if your phone was near the lock while closing it will appear in the list.
can app tell if the lock is locked or unlocked when we're not close to the lock?
despite the delays and missed opportunities to get swaps out for the silver from blacks, i think the team is doing a great job of constant communications. kudos guys. can't say the same for some of the other projects i've backed - momentum smartwatch and mialinkup. ugh!
mine arrived today - just a few minutes to set up the app on my phone and it seems to be working quite well.  i'll put it on my backyard shed (winter in utah) for a test case to see how well it handles the elements.
i finally received my padlock with the bike kit and i must say it was definitely worth the wait, it is a beautiful piece of engineering. yet, i've been playing with it for a few hours and i've noticed one thing. since the cable is very stiff (which is a positive for security), it is not easy to manipulate; and when i've closed the lock and just want to adjust somewhat the cable on the bike, it already happened me twice that the lock reopened because my hand inadventertly touched the schackle. it is really very sensitive and i thought that maybe a simple way to avoid this would be to implement a time lag between closing the lock and being able to open it again, say 4-5 seconds for example. apart from this, really working flawlessly. regards.
got my locks, they are awesome. great product!!
received my silver lock today. i have to say, the build quality is quite amazing. despite all the delays, i'm glad your team released another quality product.
derek, lyle murray is correct or go ahead and email support@noke.com and we can confirm your color for you (most likely gray or black, or both) yongkyun choi, i apologize you haven’t received your lock yet. we are shipping the remaining kickstarter rewards over the next 2 weeks. angelo depaolo, sorry about the packaging, glad the video helped out and that you like the lock! we’re okay with a little bit of competition. we believe our locks are superior in quality, durability and design. we’ve tested the other locks and in our testing, the noke has come out on top. benz, glad to hear it’s working in the cold weather. the only limitation you may run into is the battery. from what we understand the br2032 holds up a little better in colder weather (if needed) however the cr2032 stands up pretty well. derek robson, you should be able to open the noke as long as the app is running in the background. if you’re on ios the software will place the app in a suspended mode if you had opened up other applications after the initial opening of the app. they do this to conserve battery life and provide ram to applications that are most recently used. cory simpson, i apologize for this. we are working to release updates (look for one later this week) that should hopefully resolve some of the issues we’re experiencing. alex, glad to hear it works flawlessly for you! that’s our goal. please let us know if you think of any features that would make your experience better. thank you also for the feedback on the material, it is relatively heavy but it’s also extremely durable.
one thing i'd like to add: if you design a noke 2.0, you may wan't to use a lighter metal (if it stays as strong as it is now), because it is over 310 grams. for people like me, who always have it in their backpack, a lighter version would be superb. but that is a minor issue.
@derrek krasnicki if you still have your backerkit.com login info you can see what color(s) you selected there.
i have it now in use for about one week and i can say it works absolutly flawless with an iphone 6s. it unlocks quick and looks good. if you haven't used it for one or two days you may have to reopen the app again, because the iphone will shut it down in the background to save memory, but then it will work within 2-4 seconds again, even if the app is only opend in the background. i haven't tested it's safety of course, but it gives me the feeling, that it's easier to cut straight through the door of my locker instead of the lock.
it only works with my note 5 if the lock is almost touching the phone. might as well of made it nfc based.
got my three silver locks roday in new zealand. lock only seem to open if application is open, not sure if this is by design.
since the beginning of this campaign i was concerned about cold weather performance.  -27* f  this am. my new locks worked flawlessly. only time will tell what the battery longevity is in this climate. great job fuz.
have you guys had to fight knockoffs along the way because it seems disgraceful how master lock and some tier companies all of a sudden have bluetooth locks now too right after originally you were the only ones in the space. also, the packaging was terrible to mess with but once i figured it out prior to your latest update the lock had been very fun to use as well as the fob. nice job on the product.
my order does not ship yet....
i don't remember what color i picked anyway to find out?
jack, the packaging is easily reused. you won't damage it at all. robert, glad you love it. rick, i think we mentioned the blacks would be after the silver and gray after black, but i agree we could have made a bigger deal out of it. i apologize for that. tino, we will take care of it right away, thanks.
@creator: paint = paint. i  my opinion less sturdy than plating, and a lock has a hard life.  so i would very much like to switch my order to a silver one, please. backer number = 4102.  i ordered a lock with bike mount. i don't know anymore if i ordered a fob as well (it is too long ago to remember....), so please look that up for me.
fuz: "so, for us to keep a couple thousand silver locks in inventory while waiting for the shipping to complete would have been extremely detrimental to our business and our employees. so, we made the difficult decision to make the inventory available. this is the decision i think you would have reluctantly made as well. it’s probably important for you to know we are happy to change an order to silver and get it shipped right away." @fuz : i second what eric owens said. knowing that there would be a delay in manufacturing coloured locks and the delay would be a few weeks at least. did fuz communicate to all the backers via an update email, giving all backers the choice to switch to silver locks for faster delivery? i think that would be the least you can do for us patient backers having been delayed time after time, by my count its 12 months late from expected feb2015 delivery. i know unforeseen delays are a part of the process in manufacturing. but as i mentioned several times in past comments, backers are generally understanding if they are aware of problems cropping up during production/development [they can always get a refund otherwise]. but if fuz does not communicate problems it encounters during production/development, backers will assume everything is on-track. did fuz communiate to all backers that coloured locks would be manufactured after silver locks? were backers told that gray locks would be manufactured after black locks? backers would assume you are manufacturing all locks concurrently. communication is key. while you do communicate in the comments section, its not enough. only some of the backers follow the comments here. giving all backers a choice to switch to silver locks for faster delivery should have been a communication propagated via an email update to all backers. one more thing... you mentioned a few months ago that fuz would see what they can do to compensate all backers for the unexpected delays. some backers have suggested a free key fob for all backers etc. while i understand that is hard to do because of the cost involved. my own suggestion was to give a heavy discount if backers want to purchase further locks/fobs. sure there is going to be some cost involved on your end, but the nature of compensation is such. and its probably cheaper than giving all backers a free key fob.
received my silver noke & key fob here in australia yesterday. a quality product.  feels solid and heavy. will test it out and report back. thanks fuz.
regarding this update about the packaging, can we reuse this fancy packing lockdown mechanism if we later want to store the lock or give it to someone or is it destroyed when we open the package properly? thanks.
tino: anodizing can only be done on aluminum. we make our locks in the same factory as many big brand lock companies and we are using the exact same paint they use. keep in mind, anodizing scrapes off even easier than the paint we chose. but silver is a great option if you are concerned about a scratch. it is chrome plated (not anodized) but it looks fantastic and if you managed to scratch it very hard and remove the plating, the color underneath will be silver also, so it won't be noticed like it would on a dark finish. jd: not a problem, go ahead and email support@noke.com and we can get this taken care of for you.
i would be happy to take a silver one as i really have no color preference
how do you determine what color you requested, i have looked at my pledge and it does not specify a color and if i try to use the survey link that comes up blank.  very frustrating to see people at amazon are already getting their locks and us supporters are still waiting.
actually, this latest news makes me even more sad. i thought all three colors were plated or anodized. now we are told that the black and grey are in fact painted, which in my book is a lot less robust than plating or anodizing. it will flake over time. yet another piece of info you "forgot" to tell us........
alexander: we totally understand. sorry for the not being more explicit earlier about the option to change colors. i know we mentioned it but we probably could have made clear. thanks for sharing your feedback and hanging in there.
@creator i think what eric and all the others are trying to say is that it would have been nice if we had got this information beforehand. if we had known that the coloured locks would get delayed at the same time you did, some people might have changed their order. i think this would have saved a lot of frustrations for all us backers. also in general i think there are a lot of concerns you could have been more upfront about. again i think it would have saved a lot of frustration if you communicated your problems with us in an update instead of giving an explanation afterwards in the comments.
eric: thank you for the feedback. in addition to your comment, let me add the rest of the context, "it’s probably important for you to know we are happy to change an order to silver and get it shipped right away." shinji: ios will place application in a "suspended" status if the app has not been used and you have opened up other applications. this is a limitation of ios and not the lock. if the noke application is one of the few things you have opened on your phone, it will not go into suspended mode. aaron: we're happy to switch the color for you, please contact support@noke.com leon: as stated previously, international black/gray will start shipping 1/25.
thank you for providing noke and i could recieve one! however i'd like you to improve ios app. i'm using with iphone6 but i need to lounch app before unlock/lock. i guess application process has dead so often.
"so, for us to keep a couple thousand silver locks in inventory while waiting for the shipping to complete would have been extremely detrimental to our business and our employees. so, we made the difficult decision to make the inventory available. this is the decision i think you would have reluctantly made as well." prior to selling to the general public,  i would've first asked my kickstarter backers, who ordered other colors, if they would prefer a silver lock, which they could receive immediately.   only then, if locks were still in inventory, would i consider offering them for sale to the public.
my order states "ready to ship" but it's had that status for a while now. please ship it. you've had my money for over 6 months.
i don't want to fuel the fire, but if we had known which colors were being made first, at least we could have chosen ours based on that, or understood the delay before it happened.  thiswould have avoided a lot of the frustration
maxis, jeffrey, & andre: i totally understand your frustration with the manufacturing and shipping process. if i were in your shoes, i think i would feel similar. coincidentally, i think if you were in our shoes, you would probably act as we are. let me see if i can help you see both sides of this issue. i’m not trying to make you any less frustrated. your frustration is warranted.   the issue we are experiencing is a result of the various colors. if every lock were silver, everyone would have their locks right now and everyone would have received them before being available anywhere else. however, with the addition of colors, the production process had to be tailored to handle the unique characteristics of the different finishes. the black and gray are painted. the paint is thicker than the plating process used on the silver locks. to account for this slight variation, some of the details (holes for the shackle and features inside the lock) had to be slightly larger so after the paint was applied, the tolerances were the same as the silver.   we haven’t gone into too much detail about this but i think it may be helpful here so you can understand the process. because of this, the silver and the painted samples are a slightly different product all the way through assembly. as we began production, we started with the silver, then black, then gray. the order was chosen based on popularity. before we switched over to the colored versions, we had the factory make a couple thousand extra silvers as they cleared out all the parts that size. then we turned to the painted units.   the factory has worked every day since starting production and they are nearly done with the kickstarter order (final shipping for us customers starts 1/19, final shipping for intl. customers starts 1/25). after this they will begin production for units that will sustain noke as a business and allow us to continue to update the app and add features, etc. to complete noke, our team has grown to 11 people. we have software developers, engineers, customer service, shipping. we’ve grown as have our expenses. frankly, the money raised on kickstarter was not enough to make the tooling, make the locks, pay the employees for more time than anticipated, and deliver the quality of the product we delivered. this is not a complaint by me and i’m not asking for sympathy, just providing you with as much information as possible.   so, for us to keep a couple thousand silver locks in inventory while waiting for the shipping to complete would have been extremely detrimental to our business and our employees. so, we made the difficult decision to make the inventory available. this is the decision i think you would have reluctantly made as well. it’s probably important for you to know we are happy to change an order to silver and get it shipped right away. it’s also important to know the extra locks were required to clear out all the parts and added just 4 days to the start of the painted locks.   again, i know this isn’t helping you get your locks any faster, but we just want to you know how we got here and we hope you understand a little better. thanks for your patience. we are almost there.
ruppert: this was covered in the comment we posted yesterday. thank you for contacting us in regard to your order and relaying the information here. jerm: black for u.s customers are shipping now, black for international customers are shipping 1/25 (same time as gray). if you ordered a black and have a gray lock with your order, it will ship when the gray lock is received. gray locks for u.s start shipping 1/19. gray locks for intl. start shipping 1/25. khan: we apologize for the delay in shipping the lock. we are shipping everything as soon as we can and as soon as we received it. the final color will be arriving soon which we will be shipping out the remaining orders with. glenn: glad to hear you received it! we took our time to make sure quality was what we promised. let us know of any feedback you have to make the lock better or any features you would like to see. we would love to hear from you (or any of our backers).
just for information : answer from noke team: hello ruppert, thank you for the email. both black/gray will start shipping monday, 25th. let me know if you have any other questions. thank you, shawn 10808 s river front pkwy ste 290  south jordan ut 84095  385.985.3893  www.noke.com
i'm totally agree with @andre lambrechts & @jeffrey p. being a backer, we should get our reward before any other customs in this planet. but, who order silver nokes will get theirs before us backer. that very depressed me.
my buddy pre-ordered his noke lock a few months ago, and received it last week.  i pledged for two, and have yet to receive any indication that they are being sent to me. i'm confident i will receive my locks, and i'm not really in any hurry.  but, both the fulfillment process, and the actions of the company toward fulfillment, are disappointing.
hi fuz. the point is that once amazon starts stocking the product i can get it within 2 days here in switzerland. so my neighbour (who i told about the lock and is keen to buy some for his kids) will get his lock before me. as a backer who funded this idea before it was a reality this is disapointing. it goes against the spirit of kickstarter. it feels that as a company you care less about your backers than you do about your profits. that of course is your right. but for that reason i don't think i will back a project of yours again.
creator, you mentioned about grey, but not black locks. any update on that? any update on whether i can change my order to be a silver one instead if the black is going to be delayed even further? sucks that i backed something that someone can now buy off a store online and get it way before i do.
while i have confident in the product's quality, i am extremely disappointed with the delay and the communication, a few more weeks and a couple more weeks could be 2, 5 or 52 weeks
received mine [canada]. took it apart and revealed its 3v button bat. lock is un-shim-able which is great and uses blue tooth 4.0 which should be harder to probe and hack. so far there doesnt seem to be any design weaknesses at first glance but i'm no lock expert -- i just enjoy challenges.
james: your lock was most likely not fully activated. the three clicks comes from the factory. i would recommend removing your lock from your application, then re-adding it.
how does this work when i switch off phone and press the lock 3 times and it opens - there is no bluetooth connection at this point.
i also wanted to address this concern given by, zachary dubois; "i got my black lock and bike chain. so far, works great. one thing i noticed is when you press the shackle to make it ping the phone for unlock and the phone isn't around to unlock it, it will unlock when it comes in range without pressing the shackle again. could be a big security issue with it." this is expected to happen, the lock is "awake" for 60 seconds after you press the shackle, meaning that if your phone comes within bluetooth range within those 60 seconds, it will find the signal and automatically unlock. i would imagine this would happen if any of you are testing the lock since it is still awake within those 60 seconds. in a real world situation, when you lock it, it will go to sleep and you'll walk away.
hello everyone, we're still in the process of shipping everyone's locks. for anyone who hasn't received it yet we appreciate your patience. we're shipping everything as soon as it comes in. if you ordered only a silver lock(s), they have been shipped (even international). if you see it selling on one of our partners websites, this is for the silver only. they do not have, nor will they be carrying the black or gray locks. if you have not received your order yet then you most likely opted to include a gray or black. to give an update on gray, those have unfortunately been delayed by shipping/customs. we will now start shipping the us gray locks on tuesday, 19th (and any orders that included the gray). international gray locks will start shipping monday, 25th. let me reassure you that the locks are complete, we are just waiting for the shipping approval. these are solid dates. we are working on fixes for the applications as we are aware that some of you are not able to complete the set-up of the lock. look for those updates over the next couple of weeks (probably a couple updates). if you have any issues please contact us at support@noke.com we look forward to shipping your padlocks to you soon and getting this project completed. thank you, the noke team
i am still waiting. i thought everything was being sent. i mean come one guys we are almost a year to late!
if you ordered any black or grey locks, and you happened to be international. your entire order will be shipped by jan. 19th as earliest date. so expecting to get them by feb.
when can get reward?
so when are you shipping to norway? they are already in the shops here, and i preordered and am wondering wether something went wrong with my order.
yeah, i would much rather get a silver lock if i got it earlier :/
still waiting... in canada... not that far...
ok just got over that by multiple app restarts however just discovered when phone switched off lock will still open. this is a significant security risk - please check your locks....
unusable on android - will not upload to cloud. hangs at this step and when trying again cannot get permissions so hangs - presumably as it could not upload in the first place. has anyone had this issue and solved it?
"it is especially disturbing to me, to see the noke available on amazon," this is ridiculous, my order that had on color each has not been shipped because it includes a black and a gray lock. i could care less about the color, i should of been give the option to switch all my order to silver. this is just pure bad customer support! also the lack of updates unprofessional, having to look at the comments for information is stupid. very mad. ill probably buy one in amazon to test it, if im not completely in love with it it would reflect on my review of the product.
so, just read noke's latest statement below. i ordered a black one, international, and won't know when it will be shipped. can i change it to a silver one instead?
seeing a lot of bad reviews on the android app. can you straighten this out? this is worrying, as i may not be able to use the lock as how it's intended to be used. should have ordered that one extra keyfob...............................
i agree with avtvm.  a little disappointing to be a backer and get shafted down to the back.  a heads up that other colours will be shipped last would have given backers the choice to elect for colours that are shipped earlier.  good luck to the creators if they dont believe this will give them a negative reputation.  they definitely go into my blacklist nothwithstanding how interesting their products my be.
still waiting mine
i also view selling nokes to the general public before each and every backer has received their shipment as rather disappointing. i consider it a lack of respect towards the backers who have made this very product feasible. if there are really plenty of silver nokes available, then backers should have been offered a chance to change their rewars if they want to all silver ones and get them right away rather than waiting even longer. also, the decision to sell nokes via all sorts of online shops/retailers before all backers get theirs has also eroded the financial advantage versus retail pricing quite significantly. in conjunction with the delays this does not make backers happy campers. we have really been very patient for a very long time! initially reasons for the delays were usually well communicated and tehrefore gracefully tolerated by backers to give the creators the chance to develop and produce a really great product. however, as of late (december) communication has become rather rare, only if prompted by impatient comments here and not really as forthcoming as before. this is the 2nd fuz project i am backing, i really liked the result of the first one (everdock), but it was also massively delayed, but it was not available in stiores before all backers - including us poor dogs internationally -  had received their reward. so, creators think about that and find a way to do something nice and extra in addition to shipping as fast as you can to your longest-waiting backers who are still waiting for their locks. thanks!
hi, could you please tell me where my lock is!
still no app in the windows store. you promised support for wp 8.1 and up. however, the store listing on firebox.co.uk mentions ios and android, but not a word about windows.
@robert: ugh. please read what they wrote. they're only selling silver locks on amazon and in stores, because they have plenty of those. what's wrong with that?
"noke. get the noke at reduced kickstarter price of $59. $30 off retail price." it's now sold $69.99 wich i don't do math but to me it's not $30 off. also you are almost a year delayed, and you deliver some new orders before the backers. you haven't be able to keep a single promise , guys you should do politics, you are naturals....
i haven't even received any email about shipping and people are already getting their locks. an i missing something here? — i live in canada so i dont know if someone is walking from us to deliver them to my house ?
i got my today and it looks really good. locking and unlocking works but it's sometimes a little bit buggy.  i have a feature idea: how about to support android wear smart watches for unlocking or as a key fob?
it is especially disturbing to me, to see the noke available on amazon, while many backers, like myself, have waited close to a year, beyond the initially planned delivery date. in fact it really sucks! it is yet another example of pure greed by the project manager. i have no doubt, the reason many (who knows how many), of us do not now have our noke locks, is because they were allocated for amazon customers first. as far as i am concerned, you broke the most basic rules of kickstarter and any business; be respectful and considerate of your backers and customers. where is my lock???????
not your fault but usps decided to route my package from salt lake to san francisco on it's way up to new england, should have been here the 7th but now maybe the 11th? can't wait!
you should change your motto in "no key, a lot of problem". we are in jen 2016 and my noke is not here yet.  how many months have i to wait to receive one black noke in italy ? greeting
i'm waiting for the shipping confirmation for my black noke with bike mount.  backer #238 germany
still waiting for my 2 silver an 1 black noke and a bike mount  � baker 1657
still awaiting my lock in sweden!
still looking when the postman arrives in the netherlands ;-( any idea? can't wait
i received my black lock on monday and it works great thanks fuz designs for an awesome product
massachusetts 1 silver two black just arrived today. won't have time until next week to look at them though. :(
got my locks at last! the phone unlocking works but my fob can never unlock the noke. it keeps blinking green and then a short red blink after i ping with the noke. help!
my lock just arrived ;o) basker #1352 color silver destination denmark
@creator - please respond to my support ticket #cs00001041. i would like to use my locks. thank you
@zachary - that sounds serious! could you (if possible) check how long it takes for a request to time out and the phone no longer unlocks it when it comes in range? @creator - your comments on the above? (p.s. thanks for the update on the locks, with an official communication from your end, at least we're in the loop. guess its another few weeks of waiting for me... *sigh*)
i got my black lock and bike chain. so far, works great. one thing i noticed is when you press the shackle to make it ping the phone for unlock and the phone isn't around to unlock it, it will unlock when it comes in range without pressing the shackle again. could be a big security issue with it.
hello everyone, we thank you for being patient. i just wanted to make a few things clear of questions that keep coming up; - if you ordered only a silver lock(s), they have been shipped (even international). if you see it selling on one of our partners websites, this is for the silver only. they do not have, nor will they be carrying the black or gray locks. if you have not received your order yet then you most likely opted to include a gray or black. - only u.s black locks have begun to ship. u.s gray locks are arriving next week. we are shipping everything as soon as it comes in. again, we will not be shipping your order until we have everything that was included in your order. - if you're international, ordered only a silver lock but have not yet received your tracking info, please email support@noke.com and we can provide that to you. - international black and gray locks will begin shipping in the next two weeks. you are only a few weeks behind u.s backers. our international shipper is waiting until they receive both black and gray before they ship. this will cause less confusion, time, and issues with shipping by doing it this way. we apologize for any confusion. i know we are giving dates for shipping but we are shipping two different ways (u.s and international), so the dates are going to be different for each. if you have any questions specific to your order please emailing us at, support@noke.com we appreciate everyones patience through the delivery process. i hope you understand that we are shipping every order as soon as we can. we want everyone to receive their locks and are extremely excited for you to finally get yours, but we do have quite a few orders to get through (another reason why we had to split the shipping). in regards to the application, we will be releasing updates to make the android app more stable as we are aware that some of you are experiencing issues - look for these over the next few weeks. ios devices have been relatively stable. again, if you have any issues please contact us at support@noke.com we're so glad that you all were here to support us on this journey, through the good and the bad. we may have fallen short on our expectations for delivery and production, but i promise we have not fallen short on the expectation of the quality and durability of the lock itself. we think it was worth the wait and we hope you think the same too. now that we're almost finished with the shipping of the padlock we'll be able to focus on our u-lock. if you backed the u-lock, look for an update in the coming weeks. thank you again, the noke team
still waiting in texas...
oh come on fuz! now galaxus in switzerland is selling the lock too, yet i havent received mine yet?!?! https://www.galaxus.ch/en/s3/product/noke-silver-bike-mount-and-cable-bike-locks-5669268…
got my noke yesterday - stayed up late last night setting up and playing with the new noke - very solid construction and the app works perfectly!  thanks again!!
@dominic giles when did yours ship according to the track&trace? thx m
just got my two black locks and fob yesterday loving it
i received a response from fŪz in which they said that shipments with black locks would start shpping next week. this is all very confusing
i'm in the uk and just got mine. thanks.. it works great. however the actual front face (with the led and "noke" etching) is slightly off centre. i doubt it will effect the the performance of the device but it's little frustrating with the amount of engineering that went into it.
when will backers in the uk be receiving their pledged locks. a prominent etailer is now advertising the locks as available from stock which is kind of a kick in the teeth for people who backed this project and financed it's development and are now still waiting almost 12 months after the promised delivery date! i await a response with interest but not great hope!
sorry for the wrong comment - please ignore
@creator - i don't believe there are issues shipping the product to india, have got many with batteries included or even separate with no issues so far - still waiting on a tracking number =( when can we **realistically** expect delivery of our hexo+?
@xiaohan jin: thanks for the info - which should have been supplied by fuz here in the first place.. so let me sum it up:  - yet another almost 2 week delay (until the 19th at least) before they will even start to ship international for non-silver units;  - add at least two weeks before it actually arrives at your doorstep, having to deal with import duties etc. btw: did anybody get pestered with import duties etc?  - so will not be here before february 1. so much for the "will be shipping shortly" broken promise of early december.... there is a saying in marketing: "trust comes by foot and leaves by horse". this horse is running full speed away, never to return.......
i am very seriously p*ssed off by this constantly moving of the ship date for international backers. i'd rather hear that they will for sure arrive in march rather than this constantly "next 2 weeks or so", followed by yet another excuse for not shipping ("we first want to collect them all" yadayada).  i really liked this project. i really did. but in then end, this is one of the biggest delays i've encountered - even bigger than pebble, qmote, nude audio. i did trust this company, but not anymore so. why not be just honest and clear to us, instead if these sneaky salami tactics? if i buy it now in the shop i get it (1) faster and (2) in case of problems, i can just return it in the local shop instead of having to send it to the other and of the world. last time for fuz for me.......
it kinda sucks to know that i pledged to a project in 2014 which was the noke and was told it would ship on feb 2015. fortunately now (dec of 2015) it is starting to be shipped which is late. the worse part of this is that i could have waited for the noke and bought the units at retail price from your website. to me if i would have bought them today, i think i would have received them faster then people who actually pledge for the project way back when. i'm tired of waiting and i want my lock.
backer 3,398, still no noke furthermore no tracking no.
backer 687 and still nothing at all
@jay jay thanks!
@pontus lernhag i got the black noke https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
all international black and grey lock backer: i received their response yesterday regarding shipping time. they have stated that they will receiving black and grey locks for international this 2 weeks. they also said their international shipping company will not ship anything of these until all locks in stock by jan. 19th. so relax and wait till that date. and yes, i'm disappointed too by this bad shipping decision!!!
unbelivable....waiting since a long time.  now i found the product in a large consumer electronic shop called "mediamarkt" in switzerland. something really goes wrong.....
anyone revieced their black noke yet? does it look like the pictures in update 23 (with metal finish) or like in update 29 (matte black)?
in june '15 i got a message "we are very close to shipping..."  i guess i just have a different understanding of what "very close" is.
still not received mine--any eta??
i still haven't received my lock, please advise on the eta!
one more question. any plans for apple watch support?
received my noke a couple of days ago and absolutely love it! your team did a wonderful job!
awesome. thanks alexander!
@creator: you should pay some attention to the u-lock project.  people are getting pissed over the lack of updates.
@fred if i remember correctly you can use up to 10 fobs with one lock and/or 10 locks with one fob.
received my tracking info today. should have my locks by thursday (hopefully) (finally) fyi i ordered 2 black locks and a fob backer #6187 @creator one question. can one fob be programmed to operate multiple locks or is it one per lock?
backer #608 - black noke + fobs...please advise on shipping status...thank you
@ruppert danuel, i'm backer #1351, and i can't remember if i selected gray or silver
@kristian , what color have your locks in your order ?? what is your baker number ?? i also live in europe and can't wait to become my locks ;-)
ryan: please email support@noke.com eric: we are shipping all of the backers orders that we are able to, as they come in. if your order includes a black or gray those will be shipping out this week and next. kristian: glad you received your tracking information. let us know how you like it once you receive it.
just received my tracking number, destination denmark (europe), so international orders is on ther way now.
when will the item arrived?  it's been a long wait
"we are shipping everything as it arrives, always making sure our kickstarter backers get the product first." on your website, you're offering locks with same day shipping. there shouldn't be any non-kickstarter orders fulfilled before all backers have received theirs.
if you won't have gray nokes by 15 january can i change my 10 order of mixed colors to just be in colors you do have?  i don't care about the color.
hello everyone! we hope you all had a great new year. we appreciate all of our backers patience during the delivery process and we apologize to anyone who has not received their locks as of yet. we are shipping everything as it arrives, always making sure our kickstarter backers get the product first. since i know backers love information and to be as transparent as possible with the current status of shipping i’ll go into a little more detail. we received all silver units, most black units and we will have the gray units next week. for those of you with a combination that included a gray noke, your shipment won’t be completed until we get all the products in your shipment. breaking up your order into multiple shipments is not efficient and would likely contribute to significant errors in shipping. in the end we’re less than two weeks from being completely done, we appreciate the patience. we have started to ship the black, as you can see from some previous comments, but not everyone has received theirs yet. as soon as your package ships, and it scanned by the post office, you'll receive your shipping confirmation email with your tracking info. international shipments are being handled a different way. they are being shipped from an international carrier. silver locks have begun shipping for international (tracking information will be provided shortly). we're glad to hear that quite a few of your have locks in your hands and you love the quality.  we're aware of some phones not working as expected due to app issues and we're working with backers on a personal basis. if you run into any issues please contact, support@noke.com
backer #2,854, haven't received my 2 black nokes yet. or any information.
when are we going to get what we paid for?  why do you  write shipping next day on your website?.  when the backers don't have a clue about when or if  they get their product and ain't getting any updated info
dear guys, what about my shipment. did anybody in europe received their order?
say something fÜz! where is our stuff and how can items be for sale before all backers is rewarded??
very disappointed to see firebox in uk has stock and have still not received mine.
u.s. backer here in vegas. received my black noke last week. looks and works great! thanx noke!
@grant, it doesn't matter what's your backer number. i just received their response, they were saying your shipment will begin immediately after all your order in stock. that means after they receive grey locks(they said "next week"), your shipment will begin
backer #99 with one of each no shipping notification in australia ??
not happy that firebox has stock but i don't have mine yet! very poor!
please designers, please at least advise on a date or a shipping email to us. it is now 4/1/2016 & no communication since 9/12/15
my black noke stopped working :(
u.s backer in cali and it works great! pretty simple, what's the time out period to restart the click code if i messed up on the code?
where are my nokes??
@bryan - i am having the same delay as you, and i have a galaxy s5 as well.  what kind of range are you getting, and is it impacted by your phone placement (pocket, free air, face of lock towards phone, etc)?
little upset that they are advertising on firebox, feeling unloved in the uk, any more post christmas delivery times? happy new year, annie
still await mine in uk yet received an email from firebox.com saying they have them in stock for sale!!
us backer here. never got a tracking number but received my noke a few days ago. only got to mess around with it briefly but aside from a random 3-7 second lag in unlocking (galaxy s5), they look great and seem to be working pretty well.
not all us backers. still no notification no tracking. no comment from the powers that be.
still no locks or shipping notification but i have received several e-mails about how to buy one online.
i ordered 1 of each color and still haven't received any shipping confirmations while others have reported receiving the black and silver ones. wth.
got it!
seems like all us backer are getting their locks, no matter of the colour. would appreciate if team can make a small announcement about international shipping progress.
just to let everyone know i have received my black noke, the amount of quality they have put into this is absolutely amazing and i love it, if you guys haven't got a shipping notification yet please just be a little more patient they are trying to get them sent out, trust them, they are doing their best, and you can trust me, you will absolutely love noke when you get it
i'd love a shipping notification...
still waiting for my noke to come over to switzerland. i wish i could receive a tracking number.... i have to say that it's taking ages and it is very frustrating!
received black and silver nokes! will review asap
hmmm. i am still waiting for my nokes! it start's to frustrate me!
still no response on where my nokes are.  would like a tracking number.
@harvtron - well, i don't know where your finding your specs, but my searches on the net for specs on both of my devices, galaxy tab 3 10.1 and galaxy s3 show bt 4.0, and both of them are running android 4.4.2.kitkat.  this is what fuz say is needed.
@jon klingler, your devices need to have at least bluetooth 4.0. a quick lookup of the tab 3 shows me it does not. probably the same issue with the s3. not sure about your other phone. my guess is the bt just isn't good enough.
same question as everyone else. no updates. no tracking numbers.
my black noke will be here in about 30 minutes and i simply cannot wait, been waiting over a year to have this product in my hand, too bad i won't be able to use it for only 2 days before i ship out for deployment.
i have a samsung galaxy s5 running android 5.0, and unfortunately these locks are working very sluggishly (4 to 5 seconds to unlock) and must be within a foot and a half in open space to work at all.  if i have my phone in my blue jeans pocket, the lock must be within 5 inches of my pocket to work. it is not in a protective case, just the bare bones phone. as an experiment, i loaded the noke app on my ipad air tablet, and the locks work almost instantaneously when the ipad is over 6 feet away.  i also loaded the app on a galaxy tab 3 tablet, and the locks won't work at all. same thing with a galaxy s3 phone - no lock operation.  both of these are running android 4.4.2. is there a problem with these locks and android? unfortunately, no one in my household has an iphone to try this on.  and yes, i have the range slider in the app full on.
if you did not get shipping confirmation, it simply means yours has not yet got shipped, it's that simple. mine did not either, have some patient friends. complaining here won't make things any better. so why not enjoy the new year and being happy?
hi, i have not received a mail with shipping date
i ordered a silver lock and a key fob. i'm in canada, still no shipping notification, please tell me, wtf is going on.
happy new year...! but i do have a remark, could someone tell me when i can expect my order, i have not received a mail with shipping date, but i see a lot of people in here stating they received there noke... i live in belgium...
got my black noke plus fob yesterday. excellent piece, well worth the wait. backer 3,318.
my black nokē and matching key fob arrived today. looks great and works very well! congratulations to all involved.
*flob*
got my black noke and glob today looks and feels great works wonderful. well worth the wait backer #223
received mine today. great build quality but the app is pretty buggy on my nexus 6p.
noke is not sold at fuz website and the 30% holiday discount doesn't apply.  i checked their website and i do save $30 on my pledge from the current price.  i do still wait for my confirmation email and the positive feedback i read on those comments has raised my confidence.
my black nokē arrived! looks, and works, great!
hey i haven't received mine either and i live in canada :3 please can you give us an eta on when they will be arriving?
i have not received my backer order yet?  can someone get back to me, with additional fob as well.  thanks.
got nothing from them yet. i ordered silver and this is taking forever.
i haven't received mine either; but i do live a whole hour north of their offices. . . hellooo!  backer number 6215.
i haven't received mine either; but i do live a whole hour north of their offices. . . hellooo!
still don't have mine
just got my black and silver noke in virginia
30% off everything on the fuz design website - that's a silver noke padlock for 48.99 usd, i guess.
just noticed when i pledged it said pledge at $59 and save $30 off retail.  just noticed retail is $69
any updates?
my black noke and fob are out for delivery, so i'll have them in about two hours!!
i'm from singapore, when can i expect delivery?
backer 2880  in usa , i haven't heard anything yet on lock's hopefully i  will soon.
great! seems they got a nice batch of black locks! waiting for mine.
just got my tracking number for my black noke lock. i am a us backer.
yeah but will they ship us first this week or all together this week ?? that's the question ?
@ruppert, they said shipping starts this week if you ordered coloured ones. also you can contact them directly without them contact you.
sorry baker nr.1657
please give us an update or contact me !! i' am an international baker and i want to know when i will received my silver, gray and black padlook and a bike mount my baker nr. is 911 . thx daniel
i received my shipping confirmation for my black noke.
with 2016 just around the corner i still haven't received any shipping information yet (i ordered a silver noke btw.). yesterday i walked into the gravis store in munich and surprise, surprise: three silver noke locks on the shelf ready for take away.... they have those in stock for over one week now! after not receiving any reward, this goes right for the second-worst backer experience! deliver, finally!
haven't heard anything on delivery. pretty sure i just had two silver locks. just curious.
@rico, you silver lock will be shipped together with two of your coloured locks
hi fuz designs, i answered the pledge question on 6-24-2015, and stated the selection below.  however, i have yet to receive the silver noke.  can you please provide me with a tracking number.  thanks. rico choose noke padlock #1 silver choose noke padlock #2 gray choose noke padlock #3 black
hi noke , when the grey and black noke start shipping within this week did you also start shipping international or when did you start international ?? thx
hello everyone, let me clarify that the same day shipping on noke.com is for silver locks and us customers only. international orders have begun shipping out this week. if you have not received any type of shipping confirmation, you most likely ordered a colored lock. black and gray locks will also start shipping this week. as soon as your order ships, you'll receive a shipping confirmation email with your tracking info. if you don't see any updates, you may want to look back on the comments. we try to interact and answer through the comments as much as we can. we hope everyone had a great holiday, we're excited to be shipping out the rest of the locks soon. thank you.
hey guys, still expecting some sort of an update on the rest of the shipping - a quick update on no. of nokes shipped and expected to ship/day would be great. more importantly, any word on the grey/black nokes? p.s. merry christmas - hope you guys had a great holiday.
it's december 26th and my locks that were originally to be birthday presents have officially missed the date to be xmas presents. lesson learned. never back a good project. if it's a viable product, you can always buy it on their website ahead of the backers for the same price.
the backers should have been taken care of before any were in stores or sold to anyone else. no one should get them before us. while most projects are delayed, we've waited 10 months past expected delivery. glad some backers got theirs, still waiting for mine.
kinda miffed that my fuz iphone case is falling apart before i even got the lock :(
i've been contacting fuz designs by phone and their customer service has been excellent. take a minute to get their phone number and give them a call, or shoot them an email. i'm sure they would love to help you. i received my locks yesterday and they are working great. it took me a little while to realize the long press would change the led color from blue to white, but once i found that out everything was golden. i'm extremely impressed with how quick the unlock occurs and the responsive interaction between the lock and the mobile app. my only feedback would be that the app has a few bugs that need to be ironed out. i'm sure you'll get them squashed soon.
im in the same boat as brian, knowing that i could of gotten the silver tomorrow while i have been waiting for my order that includes a silver one seems preposterous. you should of asked if we wanted them know and i would change all my 3 to silver, or you should of just shipped them as they arrived.
i would have to agree with many of the other here. i backed 1 silver padlock and then added another silver and 1 black to my order months ago. yet, i'm still waiting for all 3 padlocks. yet, i could go online right now and get 2 silver padlocks shipped today. something doesn't seem quite kosher with that. we have all been more than patience with this entire process, but why can't you ship me the silver locks and then the black separately? that only seems fair at this point
hi any update on delivery to uk ? thanks
@fŪz designs with same-day shipping for orders of the silver noke (the one i chose, one single silver noke nothing else!) from your own website i'm wondering how i'm still waiting for my shipping conformation. i've waited patiently during the delays and accept that those are part of the process, shipping silver locks to customers waiting less than 24 hours while i've waited more hours than i care to count is something i have a problem with! judging from the comments i'm not the only one, i hope this gets clarified soon! thanks maarten
looks like the shipping process is steady and more n more people are receiving their nokes. glad to see the (mostly) positive remarks and comments on the noke - anyone done a full review on it yet? i would love to see more and hear comments from a third party or backers. @noke - could you give a very brief/quick update on the grey/black nokes? they were to be rolling out sometime around now as per your last update, is it still on track or do you expect any minor delays. please keep us posted. thanks!
hi, i'm surprised to read that you plan shipping the grey and black versions next week while myself and quite a few others have not any news about our silver order yet. could you please give an update of where you are in your shipping plans ?
thank you fuz designs for coming through once again on christmas.  two years ago you shipped me my first experience with your products right before christmas and i was so happy at the quality, packaging, everything and now you did it again with the silver noke that i received a week ago.  this lock is perfect and works like a charm, i even love the packaging and this will look awesome on store shelves.  once again you guys did it and rocked.  thanks guys.
i ordered a silver, still no shipping notification. please update me on what is going on fuz design.
why is a store (gravis) getting locks before all backers who ordered one over a year ago received one?
hello everyone, we just want to clarify a few things that we've been receiving questions on. -the same day shipping on noke.com is only for silver locks. black and gray locks will start shipping next week. as soon as your order ships, you'll receive a shipping confirmation email with your tracking info. -we're aware of a small number of android devices having issues with setting up noke. please contact support@noke.com if you are having issues. we thank everyone for being extremely patient and understanding through this process. so far it has gone pretty smooth and from the sounds of it, most backers are very happy. i apologize if you're having issues but we're working as hard as we can to get those issues resolved. we would be more than grateful if you could leave us some feedback on our app's review pages. let us know what you liked, what is good, what features you would like to see and give us a good rating (if you feel we deserve it)! feedback is always a crucial part of any business and our backers feedback holds a lot of weight on our side. we'd love to hear from you. have a great rest of your week and a good holiday. don't hesitate to contact support@noke.com if you have any questions or concerns about your order.
in us... any idea when we'll get these?  this was supposed to be a christmas gift.  thanks.
two months ago, we got 24 hours as a last change to change shipping addresses.   two months later and my us dropship-address is moving. i kinda hoped that putting a lock in an envelope would take less than that....
please give us a small update for the grey and black padlooks when did they are ready to ship ??? thx  dan
more 'lock' today about an update? (even my jokes are getting desperate)
if we can help correcting the german translation for the app, please let us know. for that, a list of the english and german texts would be useful, where we could modify the german texts, and you would use them for a future app update. unfortunately i don't have a lock yet, but i can already see that i don't like the quality of the current german texts in the app. e.g. "etwa" is not a useful translation of "about", and "klicke...rechen" doesn't say what i guess could mean "tap to abort". the screen shots here http://www.iphone-ticker.de/video-vorhaengeschloss-noke-padlock-im-test-90812/ show "du gesperrt schloss" - yoda probably might so speak...
surprised at how well this works.  very simple to use and so far 100% reliable.  good job!
hi, waiting for it in germany. a little bit disappointed, because you can buy it in store at gravis ?!?  p.s a little review from the lock (not really good) video: vorhängeschloss noke padlock im test http://www.iphone-ticker.de/video-vorhaengeschloss-noke-padlock-im-test-90812/
still waiting on my black and silver locks.  no shipping notification yet.   :(
i'm hoping you will post an update or a comment concerning the black and gray locks soon!
haven't received my locks or any shipment notifications.
i received my lock 3 days ago and works great, thanks. however my order is missing an item (fdawl dock for apple watch - blue) i have contact support inmediatly without any answers. please let me know when will i get my complete order. also, have you guys figured out yet how noke is going to make up for the backers? i'm talking about the dalays that i understand is not your fault but is not our (backers) fault either. we've all are still very patience to this date. thanks, i hope you guys keep up the good work.
@fuz design, sent you a ks msg about my shipment, usps tracking information said that pkg could not be delivered as addressed, however, confirmation email shows my address correctly
just got my noke today!!! with the keyfob!!! it looks amazing and works perfectly!!!
hi. i ordered a silver one plus bike mount. can you tell me when you will be able to ship it ? thanks.
got it yesterday; love it!
another week has gone by, still no tracking number. i guess i was right about not getting this until 2016. ridiculous.
i've been using my lock for several days.  the lock, the app, and the product overall are great.  i hope you guys do well.  thanks.
erik and david: glad to hear that you received your locks! the "rattling" you hear is the steel ball bearing located between the shackle and motor (required for the locking/unlocking), so no worries, it's normal. in regard to the quick-click combination, this can be changed in the lock settings. if you are having issues with that, please contact us. sherry: looking forward to hearing from you, please contact support@noke.com and we'll be more than happy to help. chris: please contact support@noke.com, we can verify what color you ordered. fred: we apologize that we were not able to deliver the locks in time for christmas, we're working as hard as we can to ship the locks out. thank you for being patient, we appreciate it.
i don't remember what color i ordered. i hope it was silver so i get it soon.
i just received my locks today. really nice looking lock and works as advertised. @barry - my lock rattles too. just pull up on the shackle and it stops rattling when shaken. so it must have to do with the locking mechanism inside. they probably can't have that part to tight or it wouldn't open for you.
you're saying black and grey aren't too far behind the silver but you also said they will be 1-2 weeks behind, which will put them after christmas. was hoping to have mine before christmas, not looking like that will happen since it's a week away.
just got mine today, and it's very cool!  just a couple of questions, though. 1. is it supposed to rattle?  and 2. how do i change the click combination?
i'm having a few problems with the app.. i'll get with support.
just got mine today- it's great looking and the packaging is even better then i thought. just an fyi to the creator the priority box it came in wasn't sealed... on either end so someone could access the contents very easily..
amir: please email us at support@noke.com and we can assist you with your android app issues. thank you. r. adams: glad to hear you received it and it works great. enjoy! grant: black and gray aren't too far behind the silver, thank yo so much for being patient through the process.
just got mine this morning and it works great!
damn should have ordered all silver backer #99
ok i give up.....mine does not work with android at all plus i clicked it three times and it opened is that like a default thing
thank you everyone for being patient through the shipment process. we're shipping locks as fast as we can and a lot of you should be receiving shipment confirmations here shortly (if you ordered just a silver lock). anyone who ordered a gray or black will not see shipping confirmations for at least 1-2 weeks. once we receive the gray and black locks we will immediately ship them out. for everyone that already received their locks thank you for the feedback, we're glad they met or exceeded your expectations! if you have any issues whatsoever with the lock or the application, please email support@noke.com - we're ready to assist with anything that might come up.
not sure if it's the same for this project but for other projects i’ve backed the backer number means nothing in terms of when you will get the product.
i'm backer #90 - haven't received any notice yet?
congratulations on shipping.  i just got my shipping notice and it sounds like the product works well!  can't wait.
got mine yesterday and it works great!
i am backer #3516, hopefully mine is getting shipped out soon
hello fellow backers - if you ordered a silver lock they are shipping them. about 300 last week and maybe around 1500 going out this week. tis the season for shipping so it's going a little slow- i don't know how many people ordered various colors but i'm sure there will be another update when grey and black are ready for shipping. i can't wait to try this out on my shed here in the desert of nv!
sorry i don't have the windows. i have iphone.
@hein - iphone app is in the app store. it's been in there for a couple of months. just search noke.
do have a tracking number for me? backer 6,134 gr  henri
i got my noke last week. it's a pretty cool device. it's always fun to get a ks product even if it takes longer than usual... and they always do.
what is the status of the windows phone app?
hi su - i'm backer 4,766. so they have a lot of people in line. i'm sure it will be a few weeks. at least we know they have started shipping for sure. we have waited 1 year and 3 months. so this is the shortest part of the process. i'm sure they are shipping as fast as they can and the postal service only go's so fast too.
hi su
i am in canada but still have not received a tracking number. what is going on?
got mine and it feels and looks amazing! it works great from what i can tell!
i have not yet come mail. whether there is a difference depending on the region you live? by the way, i live in japan.
you probably will have to make sure it is allowed to operate in the background in the ios settings. can't wait to get mine. i'm like a kid on christmas!�
rsz978, very weird. we will remove it. btw, for auto unlock to work, the app does have to be launched. that will never change. it's how bt 4.0 works. in can be in the background. you can even have your phone in standby, where the screen is black, and it will work. but if you close the app, noke won't open. i hope that makes sense. fred, we may get a few of the black or grays out before the holiday but it will probably just be a few hundred.
your right i think it's new layer of passcode in edit it also stops the lock from auto unlocking gave to open app then it auto unlocks, try removing second layer of pass code, during the week, will try again then
so it's safe to say the black/grey locks won't arrive before the holiday?
rsz978, i've never seen that, but i think it may be related to a new feature we added recently. we thought it might be a good idea to hide some of the settings behind a password requirement. after messing with it, i think we may remove it because it is a little redundant because the app already has a password. anyway, when you click edit, it is trying to pop up a window requiring your password. i'm not sure why it is causing yours to shut down. my developers could probably isolate it and fix it right away if it weren't a weekend. in the meantime, you could possibly try having the app remember your password when you launch the app and/ or restart your phone. i can't say these will work, i'm just brainstorming with you the best i can on a weekend.
apple 6 os 9.2 and i did reinstalled app and the app still crashes when i touch the lock symbol to edit
android users, i thought we got the most recent update submitted to google yesterday, but there are a couple more things our guys are tweaking right now. they assured me the update will be submitted on monday. in the meantime, the android version does not have the slider and it may have a couple lingering bugs that we will have smashed by monday. sorry for the trouble. rsz978, if you are using an android device, that is likely the issue. sorry about that. hang in there just a bit longer.
rsz978, what phone and os are you using? matthew, thanks, we really did want to make it premium in every way.
@rsz978 if your app is crashing try reinstalling it. i just did the same thing, and had no errors. the lock is pretty cool way more solid than i ever thought it would be. and the app is slick and fluid you can tell these guys put a lot of thought and effort into it. i sent a short video to some friends, they are all extremely jealous and kicking themselves for not backing last year. great job fuz!!
now in the app when i press my lock to edit the app crashes, did i say packaging was good!! so far not so good
rsz978, good observation. 30 ft is as far as you'll ever get in best-case scenario (newer iphones, clear line of sight, etc). on many phones with lower quality antennas, the range is much less. the fob is only a few feet. either way, that's precisely why we went with the slider in the app. you can dial that in all you like to get exactly the range you want with your specific phone. to get to the slider, go to the settings on the lock and click edit. you can set the range specific to each lock. here are some hints on the slider. because every device is different, the slider is not to scale on many devices. use it as a "relative" indication of range. what i mean is if you are getting 30 feet of range at the highest end of the slider, if you slide it to the middle, it won't be 15 feet. it will likely be just a few feet. if you slide it to the lowest level, you need to touch your phone to the lock. just play around with it until you get the range you like. again, remember, this can be set on each lock and it is specific to each phone. if you switch to a different phone or have the app running on two different phones, you'll need to dial it in on the second one as well. it's quick and easy so have fun with it.
woot woot!! my lock came a day early and it's like christmas came early!!!! it looks great!! now to return to the gym and place this bad boy on my locker! haha! i'm so lonely.....
auto unlock at what range is it. my lock will unlock at up to 30 ft away from phone i thought it was going to be a shorter range say 6feet ??
michael vansickle: great question! you are able to use the keyfob battery to jumpstart the noke padlock. the back of the fob is able to be taken off without any tools where you would have access to the battery. kirpa singh gulati: we have all the keyfobs and cables done, so it should not add any additional time to your shipment. john rothrock iii: the black and gray locks are 1-2 weeks behind the silver locks. please contact us at support@noke.com to make arrangement for delivery. rsz978: glad it arrived for you. thank you for the compliments as well, enjoy. dan dahlhauser & jake peterson: thank you for the compliments, we can't wait for you to get your lock. we worked hard to make something you guys would love.
mine just arrived , great job , package looks great
mine should be arriving tomorrow! got my tracking number the night of the update where they received the nokes. super fast
expecting delivery in california, but moving in the next two weeks. is it anticipated to reach here before christmas? otherwise i need to change my address.
just curious, i seem to recall seeing that the fob uses a coin battery and that the battery could be removed and used to "jump-start" your noke if the battery is dead.  is this still the case?  thanks!!
hey, just wanted to check in. the nokes in the pics look fabulous..great job so far. read somewhere in the comments that anyone who has a gray padlock in their order is an estimated 2 weeks away from shipping. just wanted to ask if i have a combination of key fobs, bike mounts/cables and black+gray nokes...would the expected shipping time be the same or would another week or two be added to the expected shipping date??
just wanted to confirm i have received my tracking number for a silver noke. i haven't commented much but just wanted to say thank you! i know it took much longer than we had all expected but i am glad you all took the time to do it right. i look forward to using noke! just in time for christmas!
eric: done apit: yes, we've already sent out a few hundred orders today so a few hundred backers should already have a tracking number in their inbox. iwata: we got your message and updated your address. kristian: can't wait till you get yours!
this is definitely worth waiting for. i'm looking forward to receive that beautiful package with a brilliant designed lock. it is much better to receive a fully developed product, than be a beta tester on an early model filled with flaws. i know what i'm getting this christmas - ho ho ho ;o)
i sent message via kickstarter to update my address last week. could you check it?
will we be receiving tracking numbers soon for them?
omg people really need to relax. i see words that are just not correct
i see you got the locks today, nice !!! any chance of getting free fobs to go along with the locks for patiently waiting the last 10 months?
@eric, normally there is no refund on kickstarter, this is not amazon or some shopping site if you don't understand. but if our project creator might kindly send you a refund if possible for them to do it.
hi, can i get a refund?
wong: you can view what colors you selected by logging into your backerkit account or you can email us and we'll look it up and let you know. oleg27: we'll ship your order once all the items are available to ship. if you ordered a gray lock, your entire order should be ready to ship in two weeks.
creator, i forgot what colors i ordered. how do i check?
i have ordered a one silver and one grey lock.  will my silver ship right away or will i have to wait for the grey to be ready and they will both ship at the same time?
yeah ...can't wait to see the lock!! thanks for the info
yeah ...can't wait to see the lock!! thanks for the info
tino: barring any unforeseen circumstances, black and gray nokes will be ready in 2 weeks (around dec 21). we'll let you know if anything comes up that changes this estimated shipping date.
"if you ordered a black or gray noke, it could be a couple more weeks." once more you unfortunately excel in vagueness, i'm afraid. you guys don't really learn fast.... how much is "a couple"? 2? 3? 4? why such a huge gap (weeks, rather than days) between there various colors? you are not dining yourself a favor, guys....
everyone: we've posted an update regarding the shipping status: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/posts/1437407 we appreciate everyone's patience. crossing the finish line has certainly taken us longer than we expected but we're finally there. tracking numbers will start to go out later this week.
will fuze be expedite shipping worldwide? seems only fair when we've all waited so long. u.k. here.
i was a backer for the everdock. when that product was about to ship, you guys posted pictures of packaging...etc. now, with noke, zero pictures, only repeated empty promises of "shipping soon". enough with this bs. if you can't manage a project properly, just go back to selling your overpriced docks.
when am i going to receive my padlock???? a 11-month delay is terrible
this would be understandable if these were the first of their kind, and available nowhere else. . .   but, you can go to amazon and buy a bluetooth padlock for $49.95 and get it delivered now, or you can amble over to the quicklock web site and purchase their almost identical version.  fuzdesigns needs to get this product out the door and stop trying to push their other products until this one ships.  the thing is many months behind on shipping and as a backer, i can appreciate that there will be delays.  what i don't appreciate is the lack of candor about what's causing the delays, and the apparent lack of a reasonable plan to take this product to completion.
@fuzdesigns. first off... i like your products. i have your docks for quite a few iphones & ipads. it was the quality of those products that made me feel good about purchasing the noke. i still think we will all get a great product, you have a history to back it up. however... the communication on this kickstarter has been pretty terrible. i get that there are delays, and that this a new product category, and there are things that are unforseen. but tell us about them. when the product is delayed give an update and tell us why. let us see your journey, the success and the failures. that way, when the project is pushing  a year past due,  we know exactly why things are the way they are. i think the shipping soon, shortly, imminately, are all pretty awful responses at this point. be honest with us. tell us what's up, and worst case, tell us you don't have an eta yet. instead i've gotten my hopes up three or four times now. i've started trying to read between the lines on your comments on here about shipping and project status. your comment below is the first time we've heard that black and gray locks are going to be behind silver locks. i hope you understand your backers concerns with your updates. i think the majority of people are excited for the product. i know i still am. and i've been thinking of ways i can use a bunch of them for work (i'm a contractor). you guys build great stuff, i know, i have some of it. but your communication is really quite terrible. if you set a deadline either make it, or give an update, why you won't. let us see how the sausage is made, its part of what we paid for on kickstarter. if you continue to miss deadlines, continue to give updates that are clear, concise, and precise. and last of all... don't say soon, imminent, or shortly any more give a date. that said... i'm really excited to get my locks... its the coolest thing i've backed on kickstarter.
what day are these shipments going to start? words that don't inspire confidence: "soon", "shortly".  a shipping date however, after 10 months of delays might be nice.
thanks for the updates.  the last one talked about shipping was going to start imminently yet i still haven't received notification that my units are on their way to me.  what's the status of getting the long promised units shipped?  hoping to get it before christmas.
i am noticing that many campaigns are doing updates in the comments - this is not optimal for those of us who don't peruse the comments regularly. please do normal updates. to creator: the odds of me seeing a reply to this comment are just about nil. i watch for updates, and only come here to the comments when i start to think 'hey - it's been radio silence - will i ever get this thing?' i feel like copying your comments into an update for all is a fairly small amount of effort, but would leave the majority of us who don't visit here often feeling more in the loop.
no problem here... as long i didn't got baited like i did from zano. but i think we don't have to wait too long anymore... thank god, most ks aren't zano, i've already received my bluetooth headphones, my bluetooth speakers, my belt, a.s.o. so, i'm confident, that noke also isn't vaporware at all, and we'll all get our nokes soon...  :-) by the way, the bluetooth headphones (earin) were delayed for one good year, and even if the first batch had some few issue (which were immediately replaced), mines don't seem to have any issue so far. they are really nice headphones, i love them! so please people, give them a chance to get the best product out of all this. it will be worth it, i'm sure!  :-)
sigmund & adam: we will be shipping all of our kickstarter orders before we ship any web orders. we want noke to be a viable, long-lasting business so we will continue to sell nokes  now and in the future. we appreciate all of our backers for making this possible and we hope you feel rewarded for your generous contributions.
trying to stay positive here. but it hurts a bit that i can go to your website today and order a lock that it says will ship in 1-2 weeks. i understand the whole idea of backing a project, not ordering a gadget, but our money was collected 15 months ago with a projected delivery date 10 months ago. and still no lock.
tomas, tom, et al: we've made 10,000 silver padlocks (main body) and have 100% completed 1,500 units which we'll be shipping out shortly. the other 8,500 will be done in the next week. we've started on the black and gray padlocks which will take another week. we've already received our first shipment of fobs and will receive our first shipment of cables and mounts on monday. backers will begin to see tracking numbers soon. we're so grateful for all of our patient backers. everyone will receive their reward very soon -- domestic and international, as we'll be shipping them simultaneously now. we'll have a more detailed, formal update soon.
@creator last update to the most recent delays was november 23. now with the holiday passed (for americans anyways) any update on expected ship dates? just want to know if another delay is expected, or if i should just write this off as a bad investment.
according to fuz' comment update on november 23 - "...we are overnighting them here and it's why we know we will have several units ready to go next monday". that would mean shipping started yesterday monday, november 30th.  would anyone from fuz care to confirm?
i'm really tired to wait my reward. it's sooooooooooo long! :-(
this is my 9th project to be backed. two of which met the projected time line for delivery. one was canceled the others have all had delays and i'm still waiting on the projects to be completed. with that being said as a backer all i expect is communication on updates so i can understand the process. people forget that these projects are not completed stock items for sale.
any possibility of purchasing just the logic board for the noke padlock? or is it possible to dismantle a noke and extract the logic board? (i have 3 on order) the reason is i have a 12v electric door strike that i would like to activate (via a solenoid/relay) via bluetooth as i approach the door (laden with groceries and a dog pulling on a leash in tow). i had to ask as the alternative would be to rig and program a raspberry pi + usb bluetooth adapter to do this task which would be much bulkier (and uglier).
i appreciate the fact that you are working hard to provide us all with a great product. take the time you need to do things right. a quick deliver of a poor product will never be better than a proper product with the required time to develop it. keep up the great work!
hey guys, i know what you have been through, it's so frustrating. chill out, the nokē will be definitely the best bluetooth padlock ever built, and despite the delays, i'm sure you're killing it. it's not a big deal if we have to wait longer. this proves your commitment in doing something great, and not selling garbage. next time you'll rely on different kind of contributors.
ps. even if you can't offer free product because of the long delay. [ i know its costly]. at least offer hugh discounts to those backers if they want to buy more nokes and accessories etc
@creator. thank you for the insightful post. while i am not happy with the delays, i know setbacks can and do happen with every project. it was good you shared your philosophy about the project as this should help to alleviate the frustration that many backers feel, myself included, especially with the many latter stage delays. i was expecting this to start manufacturing after 12th oct china national holidays and your original timeline was to complete manufacturing by end oct. as i mentioned in my earlier posts, its better to share small bits of bad news then no news. we start wondering if a fast one is being pulled. i appreciate your fastidious attention to detail and subscribing to the philosophy that you didn't  want to save costs [most projects would] and finalise a semi-perfect v1.0 product and ship out to backers a few months earlier. only to then start promoting a v2.0 product a few months later. i know backers would be upset if that were the case [i would be]. it's good you are confident of building the world's best smart lock, and after all this delays it had better be. i hated the delays but if i end up with a great smartlock, the pain of delays will soon be forgotten. i have backed your projects before. and the most important ingredient in project-backer relationship is trust. i trust you will deliver a quality product. even though i hated waiting over ten months in delays!!! keep sharing if there are any hiccups. looks like your final production wrap-up will spill over into the christmas high season with inevitable shipping delays worldwide. i'm sure quite a number of backers will only get the noke in early 2016! better to prepare everyone mentally in advance.
personally, i don't see the point of trying to force a company to release a 2nd rate product quickly. wouldn't it be better to wait as long as it takes to get a 1st rate product? i've backed products that delivered quickly but then a year later released a much better product because of my funding. i don't want to pay for a 1st try product, i'd rather wait for the real thing. keep up the great work fuz.
cebulla, and s sen i do not know where you see noke mentioned on that site... i can't find it.  other sites that offer the noke always mention it is a pre-order. i'm confident fuz is doing everything that is in their power to send us the noke locks asap. without neglecting the quality.  until know, they have always delivered what they have promised. and never dropped a ball concerning the quality and with perfect after sales service. i've backed all their previous products and i never regretted this.
it's a shame that people who backed still await but what is frustrating to see is that they are still coming out with issues , even basic issues which you think about at starter stage .quite sure when it is launched there will be more issues with this product. there should be a proper audit of finances for projects to ensure proper implementation otherwise no one will be backing in kickstarter very soon .and specifically regarding this how can they sell elsewhere when original backers have been kept hanging waiting !! sure there will be some comments against this in support of the developer and quite understandable who they are ,but the writing is clear on the wall for everyone to see and we are not fools.
i can buy the noke now in germany for 79,99€ (www.gravis.de) and i still wait for my noke.
delays after delays. im gonna bet that none of us will have this thing until 2016.
too be honest i've backed 6 kickstarters, 4 were cancelled during process, and 1 was way behind schedule with a shit product, this on the other hand i cannot wait for and i want to say thank you for all of your hard work noke team
@creator: see...? it's not that hard. we understand it is hard for a start-up to get everything right. the devil is in the details. you're a small team that so far never handled anything as complex as this one. and we get that delays are (unfortunately) part of the ks experience. hell: i have not had one single ks campaign deliver in time. not one. but: the real trick is: keep your backers informed. not just in good times, but also (or even especially!) in bad times. we are grown-ups; we understand (well.... most of us... there'll always be cry-babies around). there is nothing as frustrated as a delay without a proper explanation. or a vague one. or an evasive one. nothing beats the truth. pain is handled best in a single blow, not a protracted one. i have now reluctantly accepted the fact that in all likelihood my lock will not arrive before xmas (especially with the normal xmas delivery delays with the post agencies anyway). tough. but as long as you keep informing us, honest and in full, we will support you. looking forward to a new biking season with my shiny new lock. (it's sh*tty weather over here anyway... :-)  ). it's simple: share the gain, but also share the pain! success with the last hurdles! tino.
i'm ok to wait just as long as we get the product. don't do a zano on us
this has been a frustrating experience -- lots of empty promises!  i'm excited to get my long overdue order but it's definitely bitter sweet at this point.
lyle: thank you for understanding. we can't wait to ship you your noke. maletone: we expect to ship your order in december (like we said previously, the gray padlocks will be about a week behind the silver padlocks). i can't guarantee you'll receive your order before dec 18. it's more likely that it will arrive after dec 18 as shipping will take 2-3 weeks. david: thank you for your patience and understanding. we've never ever meant to mislead anyone. we really meant/mean everything we say. as one backer pointed out, we probably should've doubled the lead times our factory gave us in an effort to under-promise and over-deliver. we accept full responsibility for the delays and are doing everything we can to ship you your nokes. amande: i wish we could make it up to you by giving you free product but giving every backer a free key fob would be difficult (read: costly). we'll see what we can do to make it up to you.
ok i respect all you said i ride with yall but you guys could throw in a noke key fob for us that held in strong just saying..
@ noke team - i just want to say, i'm not mad at you. i'm more disappointed in you for not being upfront with us.  like i said in the past. just tell us what's happening. we will have to live with the truth. don't say one thing and do a whole reversal.  thank you for paying attention to details and the dedication, along with the hard work you have all put into this lock. keep up the good work. keep us well informed and you will more than likely receive praise. i really can't wait for the locks to arrive.  i'm happy i back this project and i'll be happier when i see the final product.  thanks again.  p.s. pictures do help!�
thank you for the update, i was just wondering...i do live in canada and these delays have been a little bit upsetting due to the increased shipping times. with this new info about the grey locks taking a while longer...what is the time we could be looking at..november? december? i am on a christmas break and on vacation past the 18th of december..so i dearly hope they shall be here by then. thank you
thanks for the info.  while i have to admit that i have been disappointed with the delays it is only because i am really excited to get my locks.  i appreciate your attention to detail and to producing a high quality product. in the long run i believe i would have been more upset if you had manufactured and sent out a product to us backers that was not as good just to fulfill a deadline and then went on to fix the issues and market a better lock to retail outlets.  i think that would have upset many more people then the delays have.  so thanks again for taking the time to do it right the first time.
rather than reply to each of you directly, i'll make a single response that i believe covers all the questions. first, i don't disagree with a single comment or observation. if only there was a way to convey my sense of frustration with the process up to this point, i think it would help some of you. as one of you mentioned, "i'm not trying to piss on anyones leg and say it's raining." there have been setbacks along the way in the supply chain and it feels like someone is pissing on my leg almost daily. sharing the all the nitty gritty details of these setbacks aren't as productive as you might assume. there are several people and companies contributing to this project and we need them to remain positive and keep them going to the finish line. we are almost there. throwing them under the bus to try to take the heat off us is not how we want to do business. it also doesn't change the facts. the product is delayed far beyond what we wanted and it is our fault. if we pick a partner or a process that didn't work quite the way we expected, it's our fault. so, i want to make it clear, the buck stops here and we take responsibility. that being said, let's focus on exactly where we are now. we have nearly 6,000 silver units finished at the factory with the exception of the back plate and the laser details on the bottom, including the serial number. we had to add a stronger spring to pop the back off because the o-ring required to keep noke waterproof was too tight to allow the back to pop off when unscrewed with the foam we had specced. the parts for the new spring arrived at the factory today. they will be assembling the backs, performing the laser work, and putting nokes in packages over the next week. it will be quick. just three screws. the real work is building the "front" part which is nearly complete for all the silver units. yes, we are overnighting them here and it's why we know we will have several units ready to go next monday. am i frustrated about the new spring required for the back? sure. we don't like spending thousands of dollars on something you won't even notice. but, if we didn't do it, people would complain that the back is herd to remove (i would). is it frustrating to waste several dollars per unit overnighting them here? of course. this project has cost more than we raised. that's normal for a kickstarter campaign that includes software and hardware. the reason there have been some blowups on kickstarter lately is the creators didn't have a backstop to manage cash flow when the inevitable setbacks happen. we have. i promise you this, if all we had was $652,000 from kickstarter, our team would be smaller, the software would be crummy, and the lock would have shipped a couple months ago with little issues that half of you probably wouldn't even notice. we would have done that to stop the outflow of cash. however, we know noke will be a huge success and it will be in retail. you just can't afford to make a crappy product and put it in retail. so, we've sweated the details and paid the price in dollars and time. i assure you, it will be worth it to you when you receive your noke. noke will be the best smart padlock in the world. period. i've bought all of the others out there and frankly, they stink. if you doubt me, buy whichever one you want and see for yourself. you can remove parts, including the battery, while they are "locked." their software is junk. they have plastic front panels. are you serious, plastic fronts? if we measure a winner by who got to market first and possibly for less money, they win. hands down. if you measure it on the quality of the product, we are confident we will come out ahead. the amount of money we've spent on new tooling and making updated parts would blow your mind. we haven't said much about it, because we don't think that should be a concern of yours. your concern should be whether you'll get a great lock that will exceed your expectations. to that, i can emphatically say yes. the black and gray colored samples will start very soon. i want to give you a date, but as you point out, very soon is probably safer. they are behind the silver because silver was more popular. they actually have slightly different cnc processes because the paint is thicker than the treatment for silver. they shouldn't be much more than a week behind the silvers. while all this has been going on, we've added features to the app to make setting up easier and making sure the range slider works with the final lock specs. i hope this helps. sorry for not providing more detail on the back springs sooner. we've been given three different dates for this part that have slipped. had i provided the dates, they would have been more bad dates passed along to you. of course, by not saying anything, your frustrations have understandably grown. certainly a damned if you do, damned if you don't situation. we are working our butts off and appreciate your understanding. if you have any more questions, feel free to reach out. i'll keep an eye on the comments closely for the next few days and respond with any details i can provide. thanks.
hey, i just wanted to ask in which order the fulfillment will be done, first the americans and then the rest of the world or the order in which the locks were backed?  you said you'll get 5k locks now, but you sold more than 10k locks in the campaign, that's why i'm curious if i have to wait even longer.
when i first started this campaign there wasnt any bluetooth lock in the market place now there are hundreds and im still waiting on you guys smh..
@ barry - if they are not selling a product and this is not a store. than i'd like to here your explanation of what kickstarter is?  because your going to talk about crowd-funding. if i want to crowd-fund,  i can purchase stock in a company and receive a return in cash for an investment. i didn't do that. i didn't make an investment, i purchased a product.  they pitched a product like you do on tv. i didn't go to the brick and mortar store. i went to the internet where there are plenty of people selling things that don't have store frontage and are selling products. definition of store -an establishment where merchandise is sold. humm sounds just like kickstarter.
chill guys we are almost there. these guys have fulfilled more projects with quality products. yes they have hit some bumps along the way but i'm confident they will deliver a class 1 product! not making deadlines is always hard for everyone and yes noke has been massively delayed but this is not a store and they have send out regular informative updates.
@ eric - i don't know if you have followed this process enough. to really comment on the subject. not that i'm throwing the noke team under the bus, but people have been patient. when you keep making promises (i will list some of them below)and then renege on your promise people get a little upset and a little concerned about the project. pictures really don't mean much. i can get pictures and give you a show and tell. we're looking for the products not pictures at this point. pictures are nice. but we are so far over the deadline, results are better. not that we are looking to compromise quality. when people start giving deadlines and not keeping them. people get upset. don't get me wrong, setbacks happen on a project that they may or may not have control of. but since christmas is upon us. i'm sure there are people out there like myself that would like to give out  something unique  for christmas. this lock fits the bill. i don't see anything wrong with that. people have been patient and waiting a long time. this apparently is a huge learning curve for the noke team. next time they will push out the projection time out on delivery. this way they have a little fudge room and if they deliver the product on time or before schedule people will be very very happy.  i also think that if you make deadlines, you should at least keep that deadline unless the product would be of poor quality. next thing we know it will be january. and it will be 2 or 3 more weeks for shipping. that's what people get mad over. don't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining.  the other stuff of people telling people this is not a store, annoys me. what do people buy in a store? products! this is slightly different on kickstarter. but in the end this is a store. people are selling products.  if you like the product. you purchase the product in advance knowing that you will have to wait a certain amount of time before receiving it. so yes it's a store with a clause.  so don't tell people they are not allowed to be frustrated. broken promises leading people to believe the product was very close to being finished. now it's shipping deadlines.   march 10, 2015 "we will be sending the survey in a couple of weeks." march 19,2015 "when we send the backers kit survey for the padlock (which we'll be doing in a few days)" march 22, 2015 "we will sending out the backers kit soon ." april 27,2015 " we will send out the survey in the next few weeks." june 2,2015 "should be by the end of next week" referring to the week of june 8,2015 june 18, 2015 "survey will go out in the next 24 hours." the moral of the story is "stop making deadlines and breaking them!"
under-promise, over deliver. if your supplier tells you a week, tell your customer 2. then if it comes through before, you look like a hero, and if they're late on their projection, you look accurate. i suspected your initial timeline was rather optimistic given the complexity of the project from a manufacturing standpoint. keep your backers well informed, and carry on. can't wait to see mine.
what? again?.......?.......?
are you guys kidding me? you need a padlock this badly that can you can't wait an extra week or two? will all your valuables be stolen if you don't have this magical lock yesterday? i check periodically check these comments to see messages from fuze about how the project is coming along. not to see petulant grown men stomp their feet because they didn't get what they want yet. if you have a gripe, send them a message and keep it out of here.
@creator, sorry, but you guys just keep coming up with excuse after excuse for the delays. sorry but the recent number of kickstarter campaigns that have been delayed (by months and in some cases years) or not/never shipping at all, some of tend to be a bit skeptical now. you keep posting timelines and then we that timeline nears, you give us an excuse about why the project is being delayed. you wait for us to ask about shipping before telling us what's going on, instead of being proactive and getting out in front of these issues. just saying, be honest and transparent and you will have loyal customers. if not, bad reviews for your product and company will pop up everywhere.
@ creator:  i have backed all of your projects on kickstarter and have great faith in you as a company, however i feel like the recent communications have been a bunch of false projections...  you said 4 days ago that shipment was scheduled to begin at the end of the week and only today you find out that the back plates never arrived and the factory was unable to complete the manufacturing process?  i have no experience in the manufacturing field but i just find that hard to believe. also, if the parts were due to arrive at the beginning of this week how did you plan to ship at the end of this week?  we know manufacturing is taking place overseas and i believe you have said us is shipping first from a domestic distribution center?  were you overnighting the products from the manufacturer to your distribution centers?  like i said previously i have no experience in manufacturing and this all could very well and most likely is true but just hard to understand from my perspective. i guess all that i ask is that the information given to us is as straight forward as possible as not to give false hope to the backers looking forward to receiving the final product. i have no problem at all waiting for my noke with the understanding that all the delays have resulted in an even better product. if you don't have firm dates or confirmed information i would rather a simple explanation as to why without the false promise of a shipping date... also most of the backers probably aren't reading the comments and are looking for answers in the updates section, maybe you could find the time to commit to a weekly formal update until all the locks are manufactured and shipped. at the end of the day i truly believe the product will be great and i look forward to relieving all of my locks!
jared & fred: we haven't started shipping yet. the factory has made thousands of padlocks but have been waiting on one final part to arrive before placing them in the packaging and shipping them out the door. the final part was supposed to be at the factory early this week but its not actually going to be there until early next week. the factory will be shipping us about 5k padlocks next week (along with key fobs, cables and mounts) and fulfillment is now projected to begin on november 30. customers will receive tracking numbers as soon as their orders ship. we apologize for the added delay and appreciate your patience.
@noke team... it's officially the end of the week(friday). if your putting shipping to finish in 2 to 3 weeks. we are talking christmas. i'm sure, i'm not the only one that is thinking like this, but we would like these for christmas i'm sure! so as the closer we get to christmas for those that are in that 3 week window of receiving there locks after christmas will you be doing expedited shipping for those individuals to receive the locks before christmas. just a reminder you are well over due on this project. your fault or not. and for all of those individuals who say i'm not buying the product i'm backing a project. if i was backing the project as a business person this concept wouldn't make since. because if i'm helping an individual take something to market. i'd like a cut of the profits. just like if i wanted to help any company by buying stock. maybe we should switch this to kickstarter  shark tank. where we get a cut of the products profits by buying stock in the product/company. just like any other blue chip stock. company doesn't make anything we dismantle the company and divvy up what's left to pay back the investors.  now i'm buying the product, because i like it. there for i'm willing to wait. the question is is how long am i willing to wait. not because i'm investing in the company!
shipping begin yet? how long after should we expect tracking numbers?
are you going to make it this week for shipping? if not have you put a date on the calendar?
matt: we expect it to take 2-3 weeks to ship all backer rewards. we can still change your shipping address but we will need the updated address right away. please contact us at support@noke.com
how long do you expect it to take to get sent out to all backers? i'm moving very soon - is it no longer possible to change the mailing address?
ok thanks for the information :-)
ruppert: shipping is set to begin at the end of this week.
dennis: the cable is an industry standard cable made by a manufacturer who makes products like this for brands you've likely heard of. it's also a braided and twisted cable which helps with cut resistance.
did the shipment already begun?
@creators i've noticed you've mentioned that the padlock should easily surpass insurance needs, but what about the cable itself? obviously it's great that the padlock does the job but if the cable is naff it kinda undoes the job of an awesome padlock. granted i've purchased your u-lock as well but i have a couple of bikes that i'm hoping to use it with. thanks
timotheus: here's a photo of all of the colors taken just this week: https://www.dropbox.com/s/v511g9nianw6wn2/all%203%20with%20reflections.png…
thanks for your quick response! though i have (surprise!) another question... do you by chance have any pictures of the black version (the manufactured, not the 3d renderings) as well? so far, we've only seen the silver/grey ones...
cool as i'm an early backer #99
grant & david: absolutely. we're making more and more locks every day and expect to have all backers rewards (nokes, cables/mounts and keyfobs) manufactured before the end of november. we aren't waiting for the entire order to ship from the factory to start shipping to backers. we'll start shipping to backers next week.
same question as @grant. . . not that i'm going to make it a gift since i'm not confident in the shipment happening quickly - seems like you've run into a lot of issues. looking forward to the noke! i think about it every time i'm in the gym using my old lock. . . it will be awesome!
we should expect noke before christmas ?
timotheus: currently we don't have any plans on making a cover. we have put all of our resources towards finalizing noke and getting it shipped. perhaps this is something we will offer down the road and if we do, we will certainly offer a discount to our backers.
hey guys! one thing i haven't read about in a really long time is the protection cover. any news about that?  and how about offering discount to your backers as a compensation for the massive delays...? best, timothy
fred: production was a lot slower than expected in the very beginning. the factory was running into several bottlenecks and it took a couple of weeks to sort them all out. the good news is we've sorted it all out and have already made a few thousand units. the current units are just waiting on the back panel to arrive before placing them in packaging. they should be arriving in just a couple of days. so, we expect to receive padlocks next week. keyfobs and cables/mounts will arrive at the same time and shipping will finally begin.
according to a previous comment, you said backers orders were going to start being fulfilled on october 23rd. that was a statement you made on october 20th. now you're saying shipments won't begin until next week. is next week set in stone? will there be more delays? this is really getting tiresome. i was expecting my lock months ago. and that was with delays.
jared: not yet. we expect to have our first 4,000 nokes ready to ship next week.
have any shipments gone out yet?
thanks @creator! i can't wait!
vincent: everyone will receive a tracking number via email.
@creator, how will we get tracing numbers? by text or email? just wondering what to keep looking at over the next few weeks.
for those who may have missed it, we posted an update regarding shipping. check it out in the updates section. thanks everyone.
thanks for the latest update. this project has been a pleasure, it has been well organised and run and the backers have been regularly updated. i have backed other projects where once they have the money you never hear from them until the product is almost ready to ship, not good. you have involved us in the good and the bad and i would not hesitate to back anything you run on kickstarter.
nothing for me either. no tracking number. nothing. when will we get tracking numbers or anything from you, @creator?
awfully quiet. no answers. tracking numbers?
tracking numbers anytime soon by chance? if not oh well, i'd just like to know how close it is, can't wait to see this finished product i've been waiting so long for
tracking numbers anytime soon by chance? if not oh well, i'd just like to know how close it is, can't wait to see this finished product i've been waiting so long for
i received address confirmation week ago. emailed them yesterday about shipping, they replied that they expected all locks shipped out by the end of nov. and us order first, then international's.
@michael i really hope so. i still got no email though. yet
i received an email asking me to confirm my address...does that mean we're shipping soon?
so another deadline is fast approaching and nothing. what's the excuse this time?
i second vincent's question. when will we receive tracking numbers?
can i have refund?
to paid $15 shipping fee from hk to hk, but i need to wait after us fulfillment (without shipping fee)....
when will we get tracking numbers, and about how long will it take to ship if i am in the bay area? i cant wait btw!
how is the shipping process coming along?
thanks~!
최시원: 2-3 weeks. all international shipments will take 2-3 weeks.
how many days does it take to approach korea? thanks
maya: no problem. ironically, it looks like shipments to singapore won't ship via singapore post. instead, they will ship via toll. for the record, we have a pretty good history with singapore post on previous campaigns. they certainly weren't perfect but they were as reliable as the other services we use.
any chance you use someone else instead of singpost. they have consistently f-ed up the deliveries from ks.  latest debacle was dropping off item at the office mailroom instead of delivering to receipient.  package is now missing.
jonah: as vincent mentioned, if you send us an email with your new address, we'll get it updated. we do plan on sending out an email confirming everyone's address but to be safe, please send us your updated address via email and we'll get it updated.
@jonah if you email the noke support email (listed lower in the comments) about your new address, they will change it and it will ship to your new address. someone else earlier asked about the same thing.
@creator can you please have another address survey. i have moved.
@creator
can you guys please have another shipping address update. i have moved from my previous place as i'm sure others have as well. that would be much appreciated, thanks.
david: it hasn't shipped. so far, we've just imported your shipping details into our shipping software (shipstation). i'm not sure why backerkit would say its shipped. they did say the integration with shipstation is in beta so they haven't worked out all the bugs. i'll look into it. please note that as soon as we print the shipping label for your order, you will receive an email with the tracking number. pontus: thank you for your kind words. we try to do our best and keep everyone informed along the way.
@creator thanks for the information. contrary to some other opinions here i think this project has been one of the best i have backed on kickstarter. sure there has been delays but there has always been a steady flow of updates and comments here. i love the detailed explanations and production pictures. keep up the good work!
@creator backerkit shows you already shipped out my noke. is it true? may i have the tracking number?
thanks @creator!
vincent: it looks like our first batch of locks will arrive at our utah offices this friday. fulfillment to backers will begin then. jean-stefane, michael: noted. whether we ship the orders or the fulfillment center does, most orders (smaller orders of two units or less) will ship via the postal service and will be delivered via canada post so hopefully you'll avoid the charges that come when orders ship via ups/fedex/dhl. also, since your pledge mostly went toward the development of the product (rather than the purchase of a finished good), we don't put the $59 you paid for your reward. instead, we use a lower dollar amount ($15-20) which reduces or eliminates the duty/import charge. ryo: it looks like most orders to japan will ship via singapore post. shipping via singapore post to japan typically takes about two weeks and includes tracking. matt: sorry. we hope you feel differently when you receive your noke. hans: email your updated address to support@noke.com and we'll get it updated. pontus: our fulfillment partner ships directly from hong kong. see comment above regarding importing/customs.
@creator do you know if the fullfillment partner have local warehouses in europe or if they ship directly from hong kong?  just good to know so one can plan for extra customs charges or not.
bought*
@michael, don't worry, i'm in canada too. they know how to do that, i have brought several products from their website, none of them arrived with tax and duty fees. also i have backed a few other projects, none of them i had to pay for import fees. relax and wait for our lock to arrive
the problem in canada is that our border are really costly when it come to import.. you may help us by saying it's a gift because this was a reward. ideally, passing by usps and then canada post help us to avoid border fare also. ( they are huge, really huge..)
looking good and more important looking forward to the noke. have some interesting tests for it as my biat lock�
the new update is great... just can't wait to get one:)
matt, consider yourself lucky if this is your worst project. for me it is about in the middle; delayed but looks like delivering. i have two unfortunately with no hope of getting anything, and one i'm hunting for a refund. and my indiegogo experience is worse...
@creator really excited about the frequent updates, keeps me feeling involved. knowing that your fulfillment center is in hong kong, could you please provide me a link or mail to update my original europe delivery address with one in hong kong to avoid import taxes and inconsistent  shipping fees (or even better i pick it up myself)?
re: update....cool! can't wait to get mine! thanks!
this is absolutely the worst kickstarter campaign i have backed...
i'm very excited. i live in japan, what happens to such delivery trader? also what it can be tracked? i want you to tell me if seen. thank you.
@creator - thank you for the answer. please consider the impact of your shipping contractor for canadian backers. using usps from the us would keep the shipping time reasonable and the duties, taxes and "brokerage" fees low or free, while using fedex, ups and many others from the us or asia could easily add fees of $30 dollars or more. shipping using regular postal service from asia usually leads to very long shipping times. so, if the difference is just a couple of dollars for you, it makes a significant difference for your backers. thanks for considering this :)
did you receive the first of the locks yet? i'm really excited!
jean-stefane: the quotes our fulfillment center gave us for shipping to canada were better than what we could do with the shipping options available to us. their shipping methods also included door to door tracking. we confirming their rates now before making a final decision.
@creator - do you plan to fulfill canadian backers from your office, with us backers, or from your international fulfillment centre?
rl: there are a few reasons why we're shipping to us backers first. the primary reason is to keep things simple. if we try to do everyone, everywhere at the same time, we run the risk of making mistakes. it won't take long for us to start shipping international orders but since we're using a fulfillment center to ship international orders instead of doing it ourselves, we need to be very careful. we want to get hands-on experience fulfilling the orders so we know what issues the fulfillment center may run into and can avoid them. this may be a surprise, but we can move more quickly than our fulfillment center. to avoid making mistakes, they have very established procedures. we're smaller so we can make changes much more quickly. keep in mind, its only a matter of two to three weeks before we have all orders shipped. in the grand scheme of things, there isn't that much time between when the first backer receives his/her reward and the last backer receives his/hers.
deliver from china to us around 3-5 days, to hk only one day, why not shipping international backers first? why need to waiting after us orders?
fulfilling from two place us (us backers)  and hk (international backers), why shipping us orders first?
alex: we do plan on shipping us orders first, international orders to follow immediately afterwards. our initial batches will ship from the factory to our office in the us where we'll begin fulfilling us orders. international orders will ship directly from our fulfillment center in hong kong. everyone will receive a shipping notification via email as soon as their order ships.
is there a special order you'll ship the nokes? like usa and canada first? or do you ship after the order date or the name of the backer?
@creator ok thank you!
kirpa: no problem. we'll email you with a quote to ship your order via fedex josh: no problem. we'll send you an email to get you're updated shipping address mac: we expect to air freight our first batch from the factory at the end of this week. the first shipment should arrive at our offices in the us next week. as soon as we receive them, we'll begin fulfilling orders. as we have several thousand backers, it will take us at least a few weeks to get everyone's orders out the door.
@creator you guys said that  mass production will begin after the holiday on october 12th (2 days ago) was wondering how many days until you guys begin shipping. (estimated)
i was wondering if i could possibly update my shipping address? i moved 2 weeks ago. my email is joshuabyers2008@gmail.com
@creator - in my part of the world, shipping through usps or equivalent service can take 6-8 weeks (the record for my kickstarter pledge being stuck in customs is 44 weeks fyi, one was also returned back to the project owner and had to be reshipped as well - and no, i'm not kidding). could i pay extra for a service like dhl/fedex, it saves me the worry and anxiety of waiting (possibly) more than half a year to get my rewards.
최시원: we've contacted you to get your updated address. mass production is underway and shipping will begin next week.
also the team comment on oct. 4th
@최시원, please read last update
when does the delivery start?  i'm wondering when it will be shipped.
this has been a long wait so far and i have moved, so i have a new shipping address. where/how do i make sure you ship my padlocks to my new address? 최시원, south korea, seoul    email address: choisw5771@naver.com
roel: we are working on it. we will have an availability date in our next update (later this week). henrik: we're sorry for the delay. the good news is production is under way. we've sent you an email requesting your new shipping address.
@henrik, you can send them direct messages in kickstarter, they usually response in a day or two.
this has been a long wait so far and i have moved, so i have a new shipping address. where/how do i make sure you ship my padlocks to my new address? regards, henrik ahlen, stockholm sweden
as we're now so close to shipping, just wondering when the wp app will be in the store..
waiting
jean-louis: there aren't many chips available that run 4.2 and there aren't any real benefits for our purposes.
please, it's been a long wait but remain realistic. the product is still attractive and there is no real alternative to padlock or ulock (just look at the similar kickstarter products alternatives, they are still in pre-order 2 years after launch !). still, regarding tech evolution as time goes by, i've seen that the new iphone sports bluetooth 4.2 instead of 4.0. i don't think i've seen recent comments on the bluetooth technology onboard the padlock. did you have time to upgrade it to the latest release ? and if not will it be possible for the ulock (if it makes any sense by the way). thank you.
it's been nolok so far. the problem with these delays is similar products are coming up in the consumer market and the one we pledged for is not longer novel and attractive.
confirmed. thank you and best of luck.
michael: it's unfortunate to see you go, especially when we are just days away from shipping. we've gone ahead and issued you a refund.
way late, i'm ready for a refund at this point.
emeric: most of the feedback we've been getting has been positive but we understand there is room for improvement. we'll be making ui improvements to the app via updates. maxzz: android 4.2.2 (or any of it's predecessors) doesn't support bluetooth 4.0 (or bluetooth low energy) which is required to connect to the lock.
thanks nokē look forward to get locks and app
okay, thank you for clarifying that for me
i'm using android 4.2.2, but the app needs 4.4 or higher version. can it fix? or there's some reason it has to be 4.4?
i hope you're going to redesign the iphone app because - sorry guys - it's just ugly…
grant: you're right. we have fixed it but it won't be available until our next update. fortunately, it was an easy fix. the next update should be available in a couple of weeks. mac: to be super clear, noke does not use nfc. it uses bluetooth which offers much more flexibility when it comes to smart locks.
nfc stands for near field communication. it's used for exchanging (or just sending/receiving) information through radio waves at ranges of around 10cm or less
what does nfc stand for?
@noke i have the app on the iphone 6+ and i afraid to say there seems to be scaling issues. especially noticed when you run the shop within the app the noke logo is overlapping the text. this is evident when you then launch this in safari and then it looks a lot better. but then there are navigation issues as the drop down menu doesn't work?
thiao: we have issued you a refund. sorry to see you go, especially when we are so close. ryo: the app has been translated into spanish, german, russian, french, dutch, japanese,  italian, korean, norwegian, and danish.  these translations will be available in an update coming to the app soon.  paul, duncan: shipping will begin immediately after mass production begins (oct 12). we expect all orders to ship by the end of the month. xiaohan: thank you for your kind words. we're excited to begin shipping very soon.
so this is going to ship within 2 weeks?
i believe they can make it. i have used there products like dock for iphone ipad, case for iphone for more than a year. i can say that their products are solid and beautiful.
this product is really seeming like vaporware. all these promises with no delivery is getting way old.
currently, the language of the app is just english. or corresponding to the other languages? if you corresponding, or from the time around?
fuz designs i also got tired of excuses. please give back my pledge.
david: good question. with our current tooling, we can do up to 1,500 units per day (7,500 units per week). we sold 10,000 locks on kickstarter so it will take about two weeks to make all of the kickstarter nokes. for those familiar with manufacturing, we won't make 1,500 units on day one as there is a bit of a learning curve for the factory when assembling a brand new product. this is why it will take two weeks instead of just 7 working days.
just out of curiosity. how many units can this factory produce a day and how many locks have you sold? this will tell the backers roughly how long it will take to complete the orders and how long they might have to wait to receive there package of lock/s. thanks
nguoi: as per our last update, mass production will begin oct 12 and shipping will begin immediately afterwards. alexander: just sent you a photo of 23 of them that are sitting on a desk behind me now. most of them are still at the factory and at various testing facilities in different regions.
i would have loved to see some pictures of the few models you already produced in this update.
hi fŪz designs , i don't get my noke yet, do you ship to vietnam ? waiting your reponse.
ok, you win :) i'll have our guys review the best practices and make sure we're putting our best foot forward. tomas, you're not being an ass. criticism is helpful. differences in design choices are subjective. however, if we aren't making sure everything is done natively, that is an oversight on our part. my guys are quick. this will be resolved shortly.
i'm not trying to sound like an asshole, i just think your app really needs fixing. running iphone 5 apps on iphone 6 [plus] scales up the pixels, leading to a blurry appearance. why do you think this is acceptable? you seem to put so much effort into making a great padlock, so make a great app for it! using white icons on a white background? who came up with that idea?!
if you want things to be bigger, make them bigger, don't skip updating your app for modern screens. if you think the app looks wrong, then redesign it. this is not subjective – you're simply doing it wrong.
your ios app looks hideous, please consider an interface redesign.
definitely the worst project i've supported on kickstarter.
see the best practices from apple: https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/userexperience/conceptual/mobilehig/layoutandappearance.html
re the size of the app: i don't the question was about reducing the size of the font; rather, it is about coding the app as a native iphone 6/6 plus app using the latest framework (size classes). that way, the app uses the full resolution of the iphone 6 and 6 plus and does not have the gross oversized status bar on top (with the clock and icons). this is more work but would be expected from a modern iphone app. you can still code it to show 6 locks, same margins, etc.
what does nfc stand for?
tomas, we've shown the app to hundreds, if not thousands, of people at various trade shows, etc. we've shown it to several retail buyers as well. we have not had any negative feedback about the look of the app, including large fonts. most of us at noke have iphone 6 plus, so we are all using the app with the big screen. of course, anything that involves the look of an app is subjective. however, i'd recommend you see what the app looks like with the photo of your lock and the lock name in it. the way we've designed the app, you can see about 6 locks on the screen at once. if we used the standard sized font, you'd either be able to see a tiny sliver of the picture of your lock and about 12 locks, or a large photo with a relatively tiny font. because most people only have one or two locks, making a thin strip of a photo with a normal sized font looked really bad. it left nothing but white space. as i was thinking of an example to show what i mean, the august app does something similar. their font is even larger than ours. they are in the apple store and have had plenty of feedback from apple. again, i'm not saying your opinion, or mine for that matter, is right or wrong. i'm simply saying we intentionally made the decision to do it the way we did because we think it looks much better.
my backerkit is locked and preparing for shipment!   woot!
hah wow. not having iphone 6 screen support on purpose because it makes things small and has too much white space. that's just so dumb. (insert facepalm photo) the app is broken in so many ways. *please* hire a professional software developer to build your app.
hello everyone. as i mentioned in the comment below, i wanted to confirm some dates with our manufacturer before writing a proper update. now that those dates are confirmed, i will get an update posted this weekend. i don't want you to need to wait for the update to get the information you want, so here are the highlights. the changes have been made to fix the range issue. the results are great and mass production is proceeding right after a lengthy holiday in china. i'm scheduling my flight now so it's official. the workers don't get back from their holiday until the 12th, so that's the start date. it's clearly not ideal, but it's the best we can do. i'll provide more details about the range, it's fix, the holiday, etc in the next update. thanks for your patience and sorry it took longer than expected to get you these dates. as you can imagine, i just wanted to triple confirm them before giving you a date that may have slipped. i really wanted to avoid that. thanks and have a great weekend.
i have backed a few projects here and indiegogo. i must say fuz is one of the better outfits with regards to communication although they may not be the best. if memory serves, according to a survey i read, over 75% of projects are delayed, so delays are the norm rather than the exception. although the everdock was delivered slightly after due date, it was still the best delivery of the other projects i backed. of cos, i am disappointed to be waiting so long for the noke and disappointed to read in comments section that it is delayed yet again for 2 weeks. i thought those issues [reception/range] would have been discovered when the tolerance issues were discovered. i was waiting for a project update this weekend as promised but none forthcoming so far. im sure other backers are feeling the same. having said all that, fuz has so far always been forthright with their communication and i don't doubt their ethics. please deliver what was promised in the campaign as a minimum and inform backers if there are potential delays, its better to have some information than zero information. i had the misfortune of backing projects that suddenly fell into a blackhole, 1-2 months before delivery. they even had the termerity to charge for overseas shipping just be going dark. its been 5 months now since their last communication and i don't expect to receive explanation why the project failed let alone an apology. on that basis of comparision, fuz is miles better. fuz if you are listening please make sure you get the product right. nobody wants delays but if it takes longer, do it, but inform backers as early as possible, so they are mentally prepared for the wait.
i must admit i'm getting frustrated by the way communication is handled. i completely understand that delays can and do happen but i find it very annoying that i always have to learn about these delays after a deadline has passed. you promised mass shipping somewhere this week if i'm not mistaken, and you only told us about the delay 4 days ago. i can't believe that you didn't know before that you would have another delay. besides i have to read through all the comment to learn about the delay while i was expecting an update telling me mass shipping has started, or at least telling me about the delay. i'll admit this is my first kickstarter backing and by reading all this comments i gather that your are relatively good in communication. for me this means that the standard is apparently not very high and that i will think twice before backing another project, even if i still believe in this project and that i am still eagerly waiting to receive it...
it seems like there are quite a few people here that have no idea how business or manufacturing work.  first, no matter how much money, time or manpower you throw at a project, delays can and do happen.  make no mistake, the delays frustrate a business or developer just as much as it can an end user.  the upside is that sometimes these delays lead to product improvements (as is the case with the noke).  as for a business continuing to develop and manufacture other products while trying to bring a new product to market...that is how businesses survive.  these guys have to eat too, and by continuing to develop and produce consumer goods they can continue to make a profit.  also, do you think that every single person at any particular business is useful to the development and production process?  you might have someone that is capable of injection molding; that person is no good to you if you need someone to solder components.  i'm sure fuz is the same way.  not everyone is valuable to the noke process, so let them continue to develop and create other products.  i am excited to receive my noke, and i am glad that the project has been delayed in order to bring us a better product.  /end rant
i need the range to be about at least 6 feet (or a meter and a third). i prefer to wait because nfc range is really too short for me. :( also, the 2.4 ghz band is so crowded at school that i will need that extra power..
alex: noke was designed to work this way. having an account allows you to setup the lock, share it, view a history of locks and unlocks (and unauthorized attempts to unlock), etc. also, if you lose your phone, you'll be able to access your lock with your new phone by simply logging into your account. if you didn't have an account, you'd have no way of accessing your 'key' to unlock noke.
i completely understand delays happen and greatly appreciate keeping us informed, however i'm a little upset over this last delay. this was a huge oversight. at the very least i would have designed the signal to reach a phone when it was in a pocket and the lock at chest height. with the signal reaching only a little over a foot away the phone would have to be in your hand. if this was the intention the entire time, i would have went with an nfc route. i'm upset you guys didn't see the drawback on this, but i'm glad you guys are continuing to build the best possible product. i'm eagerly awaiting this very well polished noke lock
i just downloaded the app out of curiosity. any reason one must create an account with you? i do not intend to share the nokes i ordered with anyone else, so i would much rather not be forced to create an online account.
unfortunately there are always bitter people like @hi su but i thought they would stay on facebook.
rl: not to worry. we'll be shipping in october.
@fŪz designs, chinese national day is closely and chinese new year (early of feb) is coming soon too. hope will not delay again and will get my noke soon (within this year).
thomas: andrew said it best. we are a handful of individuals all trying to make a living doing what we love. the only thing we can do at this point is work tirelessly with the factory to get the noke's into mass production. it can only be done effectively but two or three people. the rest of us need to keep the business going so we can continue to support our customers. i think you much prefer getting a product from a company that's going to be around than one that ships and closes shop. hi su: i just reviewed your kickstarter comments on your profile. they are all negative. so, no matter how i respond to your comment, you won't be satisfied. if there's something we at noke can do to help you, please contact us support@noke.com and we'll get you taken care. we look forward to delivering everyone's noke soon.
fuz should stick to making their cute little overpriced docks.
they have always been transparent about their other products. they say that they have their guys working on numerous projects not just one. so whilst they were waiting on re tooling etc they were able to launch other products.
frederic herbots:  7 months my correction. but realistically at this point we are just playing semantics. i honestly don't overally care about the delays, but when i happened to think "what ever happened to the noke thing" and checked the comments and updates and see someone lashing out at another users comment because someone is annoyed by the overly long delays is crazy. we are not talking about a month or two, now 7 months!  that user and everyone else has a right to be annoyed. realistically the only reason why i even bother wasting my time posting and bantering is the fact fuz is launching other products. i feel focus was directed in places other than the  noke. i purely look at this from a business standpoint, and i guess setting clear obtainable milestones and meeting them is important to me.
fred: production will begin after the chinese holiday (which ends on oct 8). we will begin shipping units from the factory immediately after production begins.
so what are we talking now for shipping time? weeks? month? months?
jean-louis ruiz, the design of the u-lock relies on a different method of getting the signal out, so we don't expect this sort of behavior. the padlock has very tight tolerances. the u-lock does as well, except there is a relatively large "gap" where the u piece goes into the main body, so it won't have the same problem. thanks.
creator: thks for the sharing the latest information. although the delay is now getting quite long i apreciate that you want the product to perform as sold during the campaign. i know you are focused on getting this project out of the gate but since i have also backed your parallel ulock project, could you please tell us if this latest problem is also susceptible to affect the ulock delivery planning. regards.
lol well i guess i was right. another delay.
creator - thank you for the honest information.  as much as i would have liked it by now, i'd much prefer having it done right and well. keep up the great work!
sounds good, keep us posted. nfc range is what i am after, but i can see how it would not work for other users. keep at it, i look forward to getting my lock soon.
hello everyone, we will be posting an update in the next couple days as we get some more concrete dates. we made 300 units a couple weeks ago as scheduled and performed several detailed tests before flipping the switch to full mass production. the good news is all the mechanical tweaks turned out exactly as we expected. the tolerances are great and the lock is solid and tight. we sent out about a hundred to people outside of noke. the response has been overwhelmingly positive. however, when we tested the range on the final units, we found some people may not be satisfied with the range we were getting. the extreme tightness of all the edges limited the range on several units to about 12 inches. for those wanting extreme short range (similar to nfc) you might prefer it. however, if your bag is on the ground, and your lock is on a locker at head height, it would be a pain to have to lift your bag up to the lock. we have a simple solution to this, but it set us back a couple weeks and we are running into a week long chinese holiday before we will be able to ramp things back up with the required change. i don't want to sound cavalier, indifferent, or unsympathetic. in fact, i am very frustrated and disappointed we had to delay it a little further. be that as it may, there is nothing we can do but work as quickly as possible and keep you informed. i used to work with someone who said there is no such thing as good news or bad news. just information. i don't love this concept, but at a time like this, it's the reality of the situation. the tweak is being made now. it will be ready around the end of the month. china has a week long holiday from the 1st to the 8th and mass production will resume after that. thanks for hanging in there with us. regarding the spec we are aiming for with the range, we plan to limit it to between 3-9 feet with the hardware. this variability in range accounts for different environments (through your body, held in your hand, low battery on your phone or noke, etc). as mentioned during the campaign, you can limit it further in the software via a slider. i want to preempt any thoughts that we are trying to say we are delaying to make the product better. that's not the case here. we are delaying to make it what we promised during the campaign. phone in pocket, noke unlocking at arms length. if we don't deliver that, we are failing on meeting our minimum requirements. that is obviously unacceptable. feel free to ask any follow up questions here. i'll be sure to respond quickly. please be civil to one another ;)
@frederic heriots, agree, i backed 26 projects, i can't say that this is the best one on communication part among other projects i have backed, but it must be on the top 5 list. and i believe they will delivery our product with condition as good as their other products already on the market.
thomas zecher: over a year of delays... get your facts right please - feb 2015 (the official delivery date during the campaign) is not one year ago. fÜz always had and have provided us with updates (this isn't my first project on kickstarter. and fÜz is one of the company's who are really up to date with their communications. updates, or reactions on the comment section. between every 5-10 comments you can see their reactions...) can we have other delay's? who knows... but rather have a good finished product (certainly a good working an reliable lock)
excuse you xiaohan jin!  you are correct in the fact this is not a shopping website, however this is an investing site.  which means you provide monetary support upfront, and for that you receive something in return.  it is hardly unreasonable that investors are getting frustrated, it has been well over a year in delays.  i am annoyed because i see them working on other products and product launches, meet your obligations before you start directing resources to another project.     at the end of the day it is business ethics... thus which this company lacks.  you can knock who you want but, you haven't seen me complaining anyplace else.  be respectful that hi su and other people are not happy with all the delays. the definition of investment is : the action or process of investing money for profit or material result.  https://www.google.com/…  kind of funny it doesn't say "help the project creator".
excuse me but go away hl su! i have seen you all around on kickstarter posing negative comments about delays. this is not a shopping website, you are invest money to help project creator bring their product to market! and to thank us the creator send the product as gift to us. have some respect, this creator is trying their best to give us a market ready product instead of a beta version of product with lot of bugs. btw english is not my native language, don't blame me on my grammar and vocabulary.
be prepared guys, we are gonna get another delay notice, along with a long paragraph of how they want to make the product perfect.
can we get an update ? based on your last update you should be shipping this week ?
updates?
@made in college @ hi su  business 101, you get investors by rewarding them either monetarily or in this case with a product. in the real world if you set milestones and goals with your investors and you fail to meet them repatedly you lose investors and the reputation of your company. i understand setbacks happen, but when i see a company direct focus on other product development when the have failed to meet the commitment they made to investors doesn't sit well with me. at the end of the day if i do get the product promised, good or bad, i will never recommend this product purely because i don't trust the company owners or management. glad i didn't invest more. was my first kickstarter investment, pretty poor experience.
oh, okay, i see. thank you and looking forwards to receive the lock. any update on shipping?
juergen, that's odd, we will get that resolved. thanks for letting us know. dennis, we have submitted noke for several certification standards and should have the results shortly. xiaohan, the fonts and size of things on the 6 and 6 plus (i have a 6 plus) are intentional. if we make fonts and everything "normal" you are left with thin photos of your locks and nothing but white space. by enlarging things, it actually looks much nicer. of course, until you receive your locks, it's hard for you to see what i mean. that being said, once the locks are sent out and you have all had a chance to add them to your account, we can send out a survey to see what you prefer. we are always open to suggestions on things like this. thanks for your feedback.
the ios 9 compatible app is up. tested no more crush so far. but can you make it iphone 6/6s screen friendly? the texts and icons on my iphone are wayyyyyyy too big! also please support today widgets. thanks a lot!
@creators how are you getting on with getting your locks insurance certified like for the uk it's http://www.soldsecure.com/ would be superb to know that it'll be good for insurance purposes. thanks
just installed the android app and set up an account. no problems so far but a minor thing: although it was possible to register with my name jürgen, the app itself doesn't display the special character "ü" under settings/account and shows a question mark instead. regarding your international custom base you might have a look into that.
rsz978, we've already submitted the updated app with ios 9 compatible as well as squishing some other bugs. ios 8.4.1 created a couple of the bugs we eliminated. it should be approved any day now. not to worry. sorry for the inconvenience.
i just re downloaded the app and when i open it the app opens then in a couple of seconds just crashes, can't even log in or setup account, what's up with this?? lock is useless with out app
i am using ios 8.4.1
alexander: we'll get photos posted in our next update which will likely be the end of next week. hi su: i understand your frustration with the delay. we are in production now so you don't have to wait much longer erik, rsz978: if you're running ios 9, the app will crash. we've submitted the ios 9 compatible version of the app to apple last week and expect it to be approved by apple this week.
i have an iphone6 also and confirmed via email confirmation...now it just keeps on crashing when i attempt to open it. fyi also, thanks
just uploaded the app for iphone 6. it opened, i created an account, confirmed via email confirmation...now it just keeps on crashing when i attempt to open it. fyi.
@hi su, you're investing in the process--not the product. good products take time, and this company is legit. they're working hard so the majority of us are happy with the final product, and we're happy to wait. so, from the rest of us backers to you, grow up
delays after delays. this "product" is still vapourware one year later. unbelievable
any chance to get some pictures from the production line or some final units?
stephen: you may be running an older version of android. the minimum version supported is 4.4. david: we're submitted the app for ios9 today. because of the upcoming release of ios9, and all of the developers submitting their apps, it may take a while for the app to get approved. hopefully its not more than a week. vincent: production has already begun but shipping won't start until near the end of the month. delivery will take a couple of weeks so you likely won't see your lock until next month.
when will i be able to get my lock? i saw something earlier that said about 2 weeks, but i don't remember how far it was in the comments. is it still about 2 weeks?
hmm, i found the app in the play store on my galaxy tab 8.4 pro, but no app in the play store for my galaxy s3. is the s3 not supported? i'll keep checking...
has the updated app been submitted yet? and if not when will you be submitting the updated app?
how is the app listed in the play store? i have not been able to find it.
jeremiah: based on your comments in the play store, it looks like you were able to resolve the issue by turning on bluetooth. we'll get this fixed in the next update. lyle: we're close! thanks for your patience.
jeremiah, you should probably contact support and let them know what phone and version of android you are running.  i installed the app on my samsung s4 running android 5.0.1 and it appears to be working with no problems so far. now that i have the app i am excited to get my locks... it's been a long process but i'm expecting a great product as a result!!!  :)
android app is live but crashes on login after registration
a pebble time app would be great! just wanted to show support.
thanks everyone. dennis, pebble time is not possible yet based on their software, but may be in the future if they open it up and if the demand justifies it. it's not a top priority at the moment. howard, email us at support@noke.com and we can fix that for you.
keep up the great work guys!!! <3!
@creator do you have any plans for a pebble time app? :-) no idea what can be done but i thought i'd ask anyway
hi, i need to change my shipping address but backerkit doesn't allow me to do this now. can you help me for this?
keep up the good work guys, i'm a happy backer and excited for all the work you're putting in. i'm not without locks in the mean time, just excited to have better ones!
luciano: shipping will begin in volume in about two weeks. shipments to brazil will take about 2-3 weeks.
i don't care enough to give apologies. haha. i just love this idea, fuz designs, the guys behind the scenes, and can't wait to get the product, not impatient people.
dear, after all, when the product will be sent to us? i'm in brazil and here things take a little longer to arrive. when you send for me? thank you,
olaf, yes, we will be adding apple watch support. we've created a demo of it, but frankly, with the current apple watch software, it isn't very great. the main problem is you still have to have your phone nearby because we can't access the bluetooth chip on the watch directly. so, here is how it works for now, press noke shackle, phone (with app installed and running in background), alerts the watch, you click on the unlock on the watch, it tells the phone, and the phone opens noke. not ideal. we expect the future versions of apple watch ios will allow us to cut out the phone and it will be much more useful. stay tuned. martin, thanks. david, updated app with ios 9 compatibility will be online before ios 9 is official. that's about the same time the locks will be arriving, so no worries there. we are making a couple tiny app updates along with the ios 9 compatibility. we will then push the update in a few days. then it takes a week or two to get approved by apple.
really mac? maybe you should read back into the other posts and in the update that they posted, before you run a comment that you have no idea of what your talking about.  also the software they released is not a beta. ios9 is in beta! i currently have ios9 on my phone. they also said it would be a couple of weeks, but they have plans to update there software so it would be compatible with ios9.  i'll take that apology now!
they aren't going to come out with that update yet since it's still only the beta. have some common since
i really need the update when the locked are shipped, because i'm currently on ios9 and the app crashes.  thanks
app is looking like a solid first go. can't wait for updates and the devices to arrive. :) oh and slow and steady shipping is ideal for me. i know that shipping costs can be rough so keep that money for the next lock design.
downloaded the app just now. didn't you state it would be possible to unlock noke and u-lock with apple watch? the ios app seems to have no watch glance. is it scheduled for a later version, or has that feature been dropped altogether?
please conclude now and give final date of delivery.
could we get a eta on shipping? thanks!
when do you expect to ship as there is now another smartphone being adveretised
please any updates
hi there, i completely understand that you had to push and push the delivery because of some unexpected incidents with the manufacturing of the noke. but i think your backers will appreciate more transparency in your communication. let me show you my backer experience. it's the first project i'm backing up. at the beginning you've planed to start shippings in february, then you pushed to another month, then another, july, august an then i can read in comments september...  once agan i totalt understand that it is the first time for this product, that it's kickstarter… but i think it can be more convenient to say that you don't know when you will be able to definitely start shipping or give us a range of time, for example from september to xmas. it can avoid vain joy of reading shipping starts in june ("cool i can use my noke with my bike in holidays"). i'm sure that you can understand my point of view. and guys, don't be vexed for that. i really support your job and efforts and i'm sure that the noke is going to be an amazing product ;) see ya!
hi, keep with the good jub and give us the best product you want to do, i think must of us (backers) trust you and tour products.
@creator - while it may be too late to consider this, i've been really impressed with dhl express as a carrier for projects out of asia. incredibly fast, great tracking and very reasonable for customs. given i'm talking about ks projects, i assume the rate is very fair. it might be worthwhile considering to make up for the delays. i know shipping using singapore mail is not going to get my noke to me quickly .... keep up the good work.
eric: per our comment just below, we'll be posting another update in the next week or so as we will have a clearer picture of where we're at then. we had a delay getting the tooling modified but the molds are expected to be ready next week for us to do our second pilot run. mass production is expected to start at the end of the month. this likely pushes shipping back another couple weeks (we were hoping to start shipping at the end of the month but it's looking like september now). we have received a string of good news from the factory on preliminary parts from molds that are ready over that last several days. things are coming along nicely. andrea: expedited international shipping is expensive with all couriers. $50 is low balling it. dennis, eric: happy to. we've tried to do that with all of our updates so you know exactly what the delays are. the short version is new, complex products come with lots of unexpected delays, especially when you have high standards. we could've shipped locks months ago if quality was not a concern but we want you to be blown away by your experience so you'll tell your friends about it and maybe you'll get a few more yourself. :) we want noke to be around beyond kickstarter so we really want to nail it.
in response to dennis ma.  i agree, a post mortem, so to speak.
@creators i'm just curious to mention.. once this ks finishes and everything gets finalised i was wondering if you could send out a little "conclusion". i'm wondering what you've learnt as a business how things occur in the manufacturing of a product and "what you could have done better" kind of thing.  i think it might be nice if you were to have another ks venture, it might help you keep your current clients knowing that you've learnt from this very long overdue project. ta :-)
about not more: "more than $ 50,00 each packs ... "
@creator, i don't want be inappropiate, please note, it's only my personal advice, but if you really pay over $ 300.000 for 6.100 packets (i suppose that weight will not overstep kg 1 ... ) contemplate to change your carrier !!!  more than $ 50,00 each packs ...   anyway have a good job.  best.
i haven't checked in on this for a while.   when will you be shipping to backers?
최시원: we are using a variety of shipping methods (fedex, ups, usps, singapore post, etc). you will receive a shipping notification via email with the shipping method used. if you have any specific instructions on how you'd like it shipped, please email us at support@fuzdesigns.com and we'll make note of it.
hi i'm korean.  how to delivery south korea ?
@creator, hope will all done before a public holiday in china from sept 27 to oct 10 (moon festival and national day).
@darkidris is correct. i knew when i backed this that it may take longer than "estimated". i am glad that these guys are not cutting corners with the project. i am anxious to get my lock also but development takes time. if you all do not have patience maybe kickstarter is not for you.
kickstarter is not a shop, folks. it is a place to add support for people, projects and ideas that you want to make happen. that then takes the creators time. sometimes that doesn't work out as well as you'd hoped but most often, it is worth the wait. like many of you, i can't wait and wish i'd had my noke earlier but if it takes longer to get it right, then it just does. amazon is a shop. kickstarter is a support network.  i've backed nearly 100 projects now. most have been successful, with only a few disappointments. most of the results of the projects have been a talking point for everyone who sees them.
erik, dan, david, crispin: while i completely understand and appreciate your frustration with the delay, i think you are reading more than what was said in our last comment. first, we did not say we aren't going to provide you with thorough updates on exactly what is going on. we will continue to do that. we will have a more clear picture of the timeline in the next week or so and once we do, we'll post an update on where we're at. the short update in the meantime is that the tooling modifications have taken longer than expected and have likely pushed shipping back another couple of weeks. fyi: we've already done one pilot run of 50 units and we'll do another pilot run next week of 250 units as all of the tooling is expected to be ready then. second, in our last comment we said we will be at the factory overseeing mass production by the end of the month so while we said we want to avoid giving you specific dates, we still gave you one (mass production is expected to begin at the end of the month). dan: expedited shipping to 6,100 backers will cost us about $305,000. i think you'll agree that the money would be better used toward the future support and development of your noke locks. again, we completely understand where you are coming from. we could have never foreseen these delays and appreciate your patience and understanding.
imagine this. you've commissioned a builder to do some renovations to your home, you're finally making the kitchen bigger and turning the basement into a man-cave. you've been planning it for a year and the work has finally started. you're getting excited that it'll be finished soon and you're telling your friends and looking forward to the party and finally having the waiting over. work seems to be going well, even if there's a few delays, but you're not worried because the builder and his project manager seem very professional and the quality is looking good from what you can see. but you want to make plans so you can be organised so you figure you'll ask the project what his timeline for completion is looking like. and he says: "we had a suggestion from [a guy] to avoid getting too specific with dates ... we don't want to make any promises ... we want to leave room for the unexpected." what's your impression of the professionalism of the builder now? yes, this is a silly example and i'm being overly dramatic. but i'm trying to make a point. we get that there's a lot of unknowns and it is hard to predict the future and you haven't done this before and yu don't want to disappoint us with bad dates. but whatever little information you have is still infinitely more than the info *we* have and we appreciate you're doing your best. transparency is all we are asking for, not 100% accuracy, just your best guess. because your best guess is way better than ours, and when backers don't have any info things tend to go from 'all ok' to 'the world is on fire' inside about 37 milliseconds (i've seen it on other projects, it ain't pretty). so i hope you'll reconsider your communication position and go back to your original approach of transparency, your best guess, frequent updates for timeline. because some of us do have plans for your product and even a shifting date is better than no date at all.
hummm, did i read your last post correct? 2 weeks to start shipping and 2 to 3 weeks for shipping. so we won't be receiving the lock/s until the middle or end of september? is this the correct timeline that you were meaning in that last post?
today it has been one year since you started your campaign.  i am confused that you stated in recent comment that shipping would take 2 to 3 weeks. i paid $15 for shipping and there has been a serious delay so far for already half a year. so i suppose you will not choose the slowest but rather the fastest shipping method to minimize any further delay.
guys...whoever gave you the advice to avoid specific dates probably didn't mean not keeping your backers updated regularly.  i get it...start up and sourcing always have hiccups. but the worst thing you could ever do is keep you customer in the dark.  please provide us with a formal update. thanks.
sergio: we have cancelled your order and issued you a refund. we're sorry to see you go and hope to see you back soon. crispin, matt, apit: noke will be shipping soon. we had a suggestion from one of our backers to avoid getting too specific with dates. i think that's good advice. that said, we expect to be at the factory producing our first mass produced units at the end of the month. assuming nothing unexpected comes up, things should get going around then. but we don't want to make any promises until units are in the mail. we want to leave room for the unexpected. we apologize for the delay. know that we are doing everything possible to get noke ready to ship. ulrik: android wear will be supported though not at launch.
could you provide us with any update on the project?
wow, 7 months after projected delivery date and we're still waiting.  this is ridiculous.
is android wear supported, so i can unlock it with my moto 360
hi, just following up on your reply to luciano: in your last update you said "delivering in august" but your comment below says "start in a few weeks" (and "few" is more than a couple) and then add 2-3 weeks for shipping, so that puts us basically in october. is this correct?! if so, that feels like another formal update to everyone is needed.
please refund me my money. i still have yet to receive your product.
luciano: shipping will begin in a few weeks. shipments will take between 2-3 weeks to arrive.
when will i receive the product? i am in brazil and i am an backer
david: not yet. the app has been submitted and is awaiting approval. we should get word back from them this week.
did apple approve the software for noke?
jacob: if you lose your device or its stolen, you can log into your account and change your password. many device manufacturers also give users the ability to remotely lock their device and/or wipe all data on the device.
great! i was just thinking of it as a way to stop remote attacks to an account. what about remotely unlinking a lost device?
jacob, we definitely plan to make the windows phone app universal. we may add 2fa, but likely not by launch. we will always send you an email with any account changes, so if somebody tried to change anything on your account, you would know about it. as an aside, i love the idea of 2fa, but in my experience, it isn't as useful as it should be. for instance, if somebody gets my phone and wants to change something on dropbox, icloud, or other services i've used, the second authentication is a text right to that phone, so i've never experienced any extra layer of safety. either way, we know it's something we need to include eventually, but for now, at least you'd get an email informing you of a change, so you'd know about any potential changes right away and you could contact us and verify your identity with the security questions to regain control of your account. i hope this helps.
will the windows phone app be universal? (so that it's available for windows 10 pcs and tablets in addition to windows phones? also, will the account system support 2fa?
tushar: the short answer is shipping will begin by the end of the month. for a longer answer, please read our last update: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/posts/1297495 we needed to do another round of tooling modifications to perfect the noke hardware
please let me know the date of delivery.
michael: the apple watch will be supported. when apple comes out with the second generation of the the watch os, it will be more robust. jacob and david: we don't have an exact date yet but once we've finished the last round of tooling, we'll have a good idea of when everything will ship. we are on track to begin shipping before the end of the month.
yes - same question as jacob. can't wait to use this in the gym. . . it will be awesome to walk up with my iphone and have it unlock my locker everyday. really cool stuff. . .
do you have an approximate date for when shipping details will be locked in? keep up the great work guys! best kickstarter project i've seen so far!
i can't remember if i will be able to use my apple watch to unlock the nokē soon or in the future? :)
great job team! take your time, no rush! we trust your vision and judgement. you're making an amazing product even better!
thanks for the update guys. for those losing trust. don't! they will deliver just like with other projects i have backed
take all your time. i want the product to be just perfect. ❤️ keep going your awesome work.
thanks so much for the update. wish other projects took care to update everyone.
raivo, we are perfectly happy to provide you with a refund. please email us at support@fuzdesigns.com and we will get it sent first thing monday morning. thanks so much for helping us get this far. thanks everyone for all your support. we really appreciate it. we will continue to work like crazy to make noke perfect for you.
thank you for the update.  i really appreciate your candor and willingness to only settle for the best. i can't wait to see how it turns out!
thanks for sharing the information in details.  looking forward to the completion of the noke.
in today's world of sending out betas to customers and expecting them to work out the kinks and pay for the privilege, it's great to see a company unwilling to settle for less than perfect. i for one don't want a second rate product that fails after a few months. i trust you guys and appreciate your honesty. keep up the great work.
is there any way how can i get my money back? unfortunately i have lost my trust in you and i'm not willing to wait anymore.
hi, thanks for the honesty, i think all of us prefer to wait and get a great product than just a good one. i bake a lot in kicstarter and not many time i met a creator good and honest like you, i'm proud to be one of the baker of this product.
thanks for the detailed information about what is going on. take as much time as is needed to get me the best product possible. almost every project i've backed on kickstarter have delays, almost none of them have kept me informed to the level that you have. unlike the damn kobe beef jerky(still can't believe i fell for that), i'm confident i'll actually get what i expect. keep up the good work.
thanks for the candid update. as with almost every startup, there are delays that - with hindsight - you perhaps didn't build in because of your enthusiasm at the start of the project. *unlike* many ks campaigns you've been direct and honest about them. that puts you way ahead of the pack. i'm certain the backers who understand what it means to support a crowdfunded project are with you all the way. good luck fixing those tolerances and i'm sure we're all looking forward to the next update!
hey, don't worry about the delay.  you have been informative and honest in your communication with us so it's perfectly fine.  i only need the locks so my kids can save time at school in september anyway. looks great! m.
david, big volume won't be until the end of august. update is coming in a few minutes.
this going to be the beginning of august or the end of august?
sim, i'm working on an update now. it looks like a few weeks. july just turned into august. the good news is we've been able to torture test dozens of units much more than we thought we could. they are performing great. the bad news is there are several parts with very tight tolerances and when stacked on top of each other, parts that are just .12mm off can add up to 1mm. the fact that these parts are all receiving various coatings makes this pretty difficult to identify perfectly until we have the real parts like we've had the past few weeks. so, we are having some units where things are just a hair too tight internally. we are tweaking tooling on these parts in question so we don't have any problems on mass production. for the units we've tested, we've filed small parts here and there to make them perfect, but obviously, this is not an acceptable long-term solution. i'll provide more detail and some photos in the update. we've held off a bit on providing the full update so we could accurately asses the time needed to make the changes. thanks for your patience once again.
would love to hear when shipping is going to happen. if you news of a further delay please share it.
sad to hear the product will be delayed.  but like you said, i prefer receiving a good working product, and not a rushed prototype.  having backed your products before, i'm confident you're doing the wright thing.
cory: we do plan on it but it may not be available at launch. maletone: we've made a lot of progress in the last couple of weeks but july is looking tough. we'll be posting an update with specifics shortly. we apologize for the delays. we could send you what we have but we know it's not good enough. just a little more time and you'll be much happier with the product.
is the shipping date july still? estimated delivery still says february, a bit of clarification would be excellent so i know where to ship my noke.
do you plan to support android wear?
eitan, we should be able to nail that down in the next day or two and we will provide an update with the final details of production. thanks.
hi, when the shipping start? can you give a specific date?
alex and alexander, the range is hardware limited to less than 5 feet. this really keeps things very safe. we've wanted to wait to say anything too specific until we had tooled samples because the aluminum prototypes would perform differently than the steel final noke. now that we have the tooled units for testing, we are confident you'll be pleased by this distance restriction. it will prevent people from messing with it unless they are within arm's length and it will prevent any accidental auto-unlocking.
@alex: from the campaign page: "if you have a specific reason to limit the range or turn off the auto-unlock feature, you can do this within the app." if i'm not mistaken the maximum range was more or less 10m, but i think walls will have a big influence on this distance as well.
great updates guys! keep up the amazing work!
are there already some test results on how close the phone has to be to open the lock? if i want to use the lock in the garden and it is unlocked by the phone from the house, it wouldn't be ideal.
david: most of the locks will ship from hong kong. the firmware is upgradeable. joshua: thanks for your support. we really look forward to getting your noke to you soon!
i have no idea why i backed this project initially because i didn't need a lock nor do i have a bike to use it with. but after all the constant updates, i was really impressed from all the updates ! looking forward to receiving it !
just out of curiosity, where are the locks being shipped from? if there are any firmware issues like someone figures out how to hack the lock or there is an improvement in the firmware? will there be away to update the firmware inside the lock?
ryo: it will be available in japanese. jared: yes. its not perfect because apple requires all bluetooth devices to go through the iphone to unlock (so its not communicating directly with the watch) but it does work. it's possible apple will open up the watch more in the next version so that the watch can communicate directly with devices like noke
will the noke work with the apple watch? and have an app with watch os 2.0?
do you support in any language? do you have any plans to corresponding language increases in its update? thanks you!
peter: please contact us at support@fuzdesigns.com and we'll update your order. thanks.
hi! i tried to go back and change the color for my locks, but it won't let me. can you help me?!
i can't wait for this. . . thanks guys!
michaël, yes, it will be translated for french and it looks great on a 6+. that's what i use as well.
is the app in french? do you need help for it? :) also is it iphone 6+ ready? haha
matthias, we expect to make our official submission this week and the approval takes about 10 days, so it will be al ready as locks start making their way to everyone.
hi guys, when do you expect to bring the app to the appstore?
larry, me too. i don't think you will.
end the frustration of losing keys? great project but most of the frustration is this taking so long! im hoping we dont get great communications in july saying it will now ship in august and then september etc...
alexander: i'm sorry for the delays. whenever we give a date, it's what we are on track for. if a problem pops up that requires unexpected work, things get delayed. it's the nature of creating a product that's never been made before. we add some padding to our expected shipping dates but it looks like we didn't add enough for this one. we just didn't anticipate the delays we've had. andrew and skippy: update on colors just happened. :) chris: thanks for the compliment! eitan: we're still on track for all orders to ship by the end of the month. shipping can take 2-3 weeks depending upon your address.
can you please give us deadline for she shipping?
ditto chris. i'm curious for the colours.
i actually think these guys communicate better than any other project i've backed.
hey guys,  good work cant wait to see the colours. everyone needs to understand this is kickstarter and not a large hardware shop. these guys took an idea and made something from this idea and are constantly improving it to help give us the best product at the end of the day, things are going to go wrong and have delays this is what happens in real life.  im sure lots of you have worked on projects that get delay to financial issues or others.  i've backed these guys for their first iphone 6 case and that product is fantastic!
what i find the most frustrating is that you keep promising a certain deadline; for example delivery starting at late june; for as long as possible and then you try to subtly change your phrasing; all padlocks will be shipped by the end of july; without properly acknowledging the delay. from reading the comments i think most backers understand the the delays but are frustrated by your way of communicating them. i think you should notify us from the moment you're not sure anymore to keep a deadline. that being said: i'm still very excited about the padlock and i appreciate the fact that you improved the first version instead of releasing a 2.0 version shortly after.
weisbuch & berten: we're very sorry for the delay. we are just as frustrated as you, if not more so. we're doing everything we can. we've spent day and night at the factory in may and june and we're making another trip immediately after returning from this one. we're pushing as hard as we can to get this out the door. the good news is we're very close. everyone will have a noke in their hands soon. regarding the soft case, this did not take away from the design, development and production of noke at all. the soft case is made by a different factory and our team worked on it while noke was in tooling and there was nothing we could do on our end. we have a handful of employees and we want to keep them busy and employed. we needed small projects like this to fill in the gaps. the good news is we'll now be able to focus solely on noke as there is lots to do at this point. we appreciate your patience and understanding.
not that i'm sticking up for them for taking so long. but here is some food for thought.  these guys supposedly made a lot of changes on the lock from suggestions to make this lock better than what they were selling in the beginning.  but, let's just say if that had delivered a lock to you back in february and there were some design flaws that you were not happy with. then you see them back on kickstarter this month with a new and improved noke 2.0. with all new kinds of features that you would have liked in your lock. you wouldn't be happy that you would have to pay them more money for the new lock.  i not happy about the delay either but it's a necessary evil to receive the best lock the first time around. question for the designer: is or will there be any way to update the software inside the lock?
guys, please. its a great product but this is just taking too long! i can see how making an accurate timeline can be difficult, but is 5 months over the delivery date... you would want a compensation too if you were in this position... and sending me a mailing to convince me to buy a new product... well, thats just provoking... just some feelings i wanted to share
hello i really like this kind of product but 6 month of delays!!!it s really too much we was supposed to get it on february !!we should have some compensation . regards
eltan: we are going to finalize colors tomorrow and expect to have them posted tomorrow. for more detail, see our comment below from two days ago that includes a link to the video at the factory. thanks for your patience on this.
hi, when you going to upload some new pictures of all the colors? i'm very excited to get this noke but more exited to get the u-lock
brett: no worries. just sent you an email to complete the survey.
i deleted the survey email accidentally. how do i access it again? brett
frederic, i think you mean the plating process. it is actually a very manual process. there are stages where they are moved through a bath mechanically, but there are still several steps and many of them are handled manually. it's quite fascinating. i'm very familiar with anodizing for aluminum. this is similar, but this has many more steps.
frederic, sorry, i don't know what you are asking.
thanks for the video! looking great! i guess for the future, this will not be done manually, or is it?
burton, sorry for the delay. i've been spending all day and late into the night at the factory and was unable to write a proper update yet. however, i am headed home now and i was able to throw together a very rough video of some of the finishing processes. i think you'll like it. the four finishes you see here are all for the "silver" version. we have a glossy chrome, brushed glossy-chrome, flat brushed-chrome, and a brushed nickle. the nickel looks yellowish and the polished chrome looks black. i can assure you the nickle looks very nice to the eye, but my camera had a difficult time picking up the correct silver color that it actually is. also, the bright polished chrome looks black, but it's a very bright silver chrome with a mirror finish. when i get home, we will pick the final finish and show you the other two colors so you can lock in your selection. give me a couple days. thanks for your patience. in the meantime, check out my rough video at the link below. remember, i'm not a photographer or videographer, so don't get your hopes up too high. stay tuned for the official update and color selection soon. https://www.dropbox.com/s/g30ty45g2i3r6i2/video%20jun%2028%2c%204%2043%2010%20pm.mp4…
still no pictures?
roger: we'll be producing a handful of units later this week and are going to pick the exact colors and finish by the end of the week. we have several different finish options and won't be able to make the final call until we see them in person. at that point, we will send out another update with high quality photos of each color. then, you may adjust your color selection. so, we recommend making your selection now to make sure backerkit works smoothly for you. if you have any problems, it will give us some time to help you through it. keep an eye out for another update with the photos, and if you want to change your color selection, backerkit makes that very easy. we won't lock you down until later next week. sorry we couldn't get you the photos any sooner, but we needed real tooled parts to make the samples and we wanted to try as many combinations as possible. we are considering bright chrome, brushed, brushed with bright chrome, satin, and some other finishes as well. they all look awesome and have performed really well in our abuse testing.
hello. i received survey, but would like to see pictures of all 3 colors before choosing. is this possible?
abdullah: all products will be shipped by the end of july but many of them won't be delivered until august. if you have your new address, you may want to use that or have it shipped to a location (work?) that will be the same in july and august.
when is the expected delivery? i am moving houses so my address changes in august. please let me know. i have already filled out the survey you sent out today with my existing address that is if the delivery is made by july. thanks.
anurag: that is correct. we ship anywhere in the world... for $15. international shipping is not free, in fact its almost always more than $15. sorry. peter: if you add a u-lock, will still ship your padlock as soon as its ready (so you'll receive two shipment: each product shipping as soon as its ready).
@creator when i add a u-lock as an add-on to my pledge, when will the regular padlocks be shipping?
@creator pledge says - ships anywhere in the world now its asking 15 dollars for shipping to singapore !!
kevin: i know what you mean. that keyfob definitely isn't the most attractive keyfob out there. :)
@creator - thanks for the clarification. i felt stupid even asking but for a second there i thought the key fob was that naff plastic thing with the "panic" button on it! you might want to repost the picture without that? if i'm that stupid there may be others... ok maybe it's just me then :-)
burton: we'll post it in an update by the end of the week.
where is the pictures of different colors so we can decide?
ryo: the app is named noke. we're submitting it to the ios app store later this week. the android app will also be available for download soon. nahon: all orders will ship by the end of july.
hi, i've probably missed something. i live in spain and just wanted to know when i will receive my noke? nothing else. fred.
never mind my comment, i saw your long answer in the updates :) thanks!
where can i find pictures of the different colours? thanks.
what app is the name of?
jean-stefane: simply click on the small upgrade button on the first page of the backerkit survey and select u-lock as your reward. you can then add back the other items you're hoping to get. jonathan: that seems odd. can you contact support@backerkiet.com. they should be able to help you. jared: please contact us at support@fuzdesigns.com and we'll get you taken care of. alx0363: both are nearly complete. we actually plan on getting the ios app submitted to the app store this week. the android app won't be far behind.
hi, news about android and ios app?
a bit disappointed the fob cost went up from $15 to $19. but glad we're at least at this phase of the game.
i'm having issues getting to the survey. i got the email but it's not letting me log in...any help is appreciated :)
@creator - i began completing the survey but couldn't find a way to substitute one of the three locks i backed to a u-lock. i might be missing something but i don't think do.
awesome backers: if you have a specific question about your order, please email us directly at support@fuzdesigns.com. it's easier on our end to help with specific issues via email versus kickstarters's clunky comment interface. :)
crispin: i forgot to answer your other question. we aren't offering a quantity discount on the keyfobs. sorry.
jos: if backerkit doesn't refund you the $15 let us know and we'll issue you a refund via paypal. or you could use the extra dough toward a keyfob? :) crispin: i've added a $10 credit to your backerkit account so you can get the cables at the quantity discount daryl: the photos with the fŪz logo are gray but the photo with the noke logo is silver. shipping to the us is free. international shipping is $15 todd: the body of the unit is made of a zync alloy. we'll provide details on the coating in the next update as that is being finalized this week. we may do different finishes for the colors. we'll definitely make it clear in the next update which color will have which finish. kevin: it's the silver noke :) frederic: i just added a complementary $15 credit ($5 for each cable) berten: international shipping is $15 and has been since the start of the campaign. sorry. noke and noke cables and mounts will cost quite a bit to ship internationally.
i just got the backerkit... i selected 1 noke and the cable and bikemount... as i paid for on kickstarter... postage was free all over the world... but still i have to pay 20$ more! what gives??
i've the same question as crispin regarding the 3 nokes with 2 bikekits. what is the status regarding this?
this might sound a bit daft; is the key fob the silver noke or the black plastic on the keyfob pictures?
congrats on the progress!!  i see there has already been one post re: color.  a picture of the three options would be great.  as long as we are going through the process, what is the body of the unit made from what is the coating and/or plating?  is it the same for all three colors?  (i apologize if this was already addressed.)
hello creator, are the pictures of the lock on the campaign page silver or grey? and i agree, seeing pictures of all 3 colors on the next update would be awesome. also, i have the ability to have my pledge sent to either the u.s. or canada,  i'm at the $138. level (2 units/cables/mounts), i can't recall what the shipping was to either destination… was it free to us but a certain amount to canada? can you let me know the cost of the shipping to both locations so i can decide which i want, thanks.
ooops, sorry i've just seen keyfobs are $19, so that's a typo in my message a few mins ago, i was going off the $15 price you mentioned during the campaign for the keyfobs, sorry for causing any confusion. so my question is the same, just with "is there any saving for us if we want multiple keyfobs or are they always $19 each?". cheers!
thanks a lot
hi, sorry to hit you with questions, i'm sure you will be tired from the flight to china and all the work facing you at the factory. so just when you have a chance to get to this, i know there's a while before everything in backerkit will get locked-down... on 18 sept in the comments you offered cable sets for $15 ("basically, anyone who ordered more than one noke was offered the ability to add cables for $15 each") so myself and quite a few others pledged $190 (at the $145 pledge level) for 3 nokes and 2 cable sets (and $15 shipping). how should we submit this, given each cable set is $20 on backer kit? (you also mentioned at the time that the cable sets would be $20 if we paid through backerkit, so everything is priced as you said, i'm just not sure how you'd like us to configure the $15 cables in backerkit). oh, and if i'd like multiple keyfobs (i'll need 3, one for each of my nokes, since they are gifts), might there be 'bulk'/'multiple' pricing for these, or are they always $15 each? (sorry for the cheeky question there!) thanks, and have a great factory trip - we're all looking forward to seeing the photos, i'm sure! :o)
when i select the netherlands as shipping destination, i need to punch in an extra 15 $. but if i use us to ship to (have a drop-ship there) then i have a credit remaining of 15$. if i use us to ship to, how do i get my money back ?
thank you for the updates will see photo's before completing survey. thank you
eitan: yes, the bike mount will come with the cable.
hi, if i already order cabel, do i get the bike mount as someone who order it in backekit?
welcome from china. i just arrived at my hotel and will be working with the factory this week. we will be producing units later this week and i'm also going to pick the exact colors and finish by the end of the week. we have several different finish options and i won't be able to make the final call until i see them in person. at that point, i will send out another update with high quality photos of each color. then, you may adjust your color selection. so, i recommend making your selection now to make sure backerkit works smoothly for you. if you have any problems, it will give us some time to help you through it. keep an eye out for another update with the photos, and if you want to change your color selection, backerkit makes that very easy. we won't lock you down until later next week. sorry we couldn't get you the photos any sooner, but we needed real tooled parts to make the samples and we wanted to try as many combinations as possible. we are considering bright chrome, brushed, brushed with bright chrome, satin, and some other finishes as well. they all look awesome and have performed really well in our abuse testing. now i just need to make some judgement calls in person. stay tuned.
hi fuz team! thanks for the update! patiently waiting for the backerkit survey mail. would be nice to have some pictures so that we can decide on the colors. wish you good luck on your trip!
if you look on their website you can see the mockup of gray vs black. however i agree, we do need to be able to see the pictures of the actual colors. what is the difference with silver vs gray?
hi, how can i order a key fob?
i agree, can you show us some pictures of the different color options, please. without it i don't know what to choose. thanks!
i too would like to see the color options before i choose and can i change one noke to a ulock? i understand it would cost more.
yes please let us see the colors before we choose, thanks.
i'd like to see renderings of the different colors before i choose!  please let me know if you have these!
the backerkit survey has no option to skip one of my nokes and grab a ulock with my credit.
in which order will the orders be processed and shipped out? largest quantities first or will the people who filled out the backerkit survey first be served first?
are there any images of the colour options?
ulrik: we just sent everyone the backerkit survey. let us know if you did not receive it.
@olaf eichler: regarding ce, you have looked at the lvd (low voltage), but there are other relevant directives that make a ce marking mandatory for this product. e.g. rohd, emc, rtte - see http://www.ce-zeichen.de/klassifizierung.html german customs knows about this, and yes, they will reject packages with offending content.
hi guys, thank you for your prompt reply. we stay in touch. best.
backerkit?  last time i heard from you was on the 26 may  it is getting hard to take the june shipping  date seriously
andrea, sorry for any confusion. shipping date has not changed since we wrote our update in march. backerkit is helpful for allowing people to easily select their colors, provide addresses and most importantly, make changes after submitting them. we did our first campaign for the everdock without backerkit and the experience was not great. hang in for less than a day and you'll have the update and backerkit invite in your email. thanks again for your patience.
sorry guy, but backerkit it's only another way to take time ??? i'm not interested for another padlock, 'cose i had already several way to update my order, i'd want only receive that promised .... months ago !!!  i'm agree with david m. no excuses but a real shipping date. summer it's yet beginning ... my opinion, launch another padlock and be so in late with your first project,  it's not so 'lovely'. have a good job.
everyone, i'm very sorry for the bad information regarding backerkit. we have been going back and forth with them to negotiate the best price we can. between both noke products (padlock and u-lock) we have over $1,000,000 in preorders. we wanted to try to get the best pricing possible so we don't "waste" your pledges on something that adds no real value to you. it's necessary and it's a great system, we just wanted to get the best pricing we could. it took much longer to negotiate than we expected. the good news is we signed the contract yesterday and the survey is ready to go out. it was ready at 6:00pm last night. given that it was a friday, we decided it best to wait to monday so it didn't get lost in your inboxes. i've already written the corresponding update. we will send them both first thing monday morning. i'm also getting in a plane in 20 hours to visit the factory as we make our first production noke. everything is on schedule in that regard. i assure you if this backerkit process was going to slow anything down, we would not have let it go on this long. be that as it may, i agree with all of you 100% we could have anticipated the confusion this may cause and we should not have tried to guess how long it would take to negotiate our agreement with them. sorry for the confusion and thanks for your patience. wish me luck on my trip. i'll be sure to send photos probably late next week.
multiple times in the last few weeks you have been tellingnus we are going to get the backerkit surveys what not. but yet we have no sign of it, nor an update, would much appreciate it if we see one of these soon, would much rather not her about it coming soon just too be disappointed...
david: i think they run on valve time ;-)  ( https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/valve_time )
yes i agree with david！
sorry, june 12th was meant to say june 18th.
i've only been to high school, but i'm curious what calendar and clock you use use over at fūz designs? i only ask because of the statements that you have made in the past; march10, 2015 "we will be sending the survey in a couple of weeks." march 19,2015 "when we send the backers kit survey for the padlock (which we'll be doing in a few days)" march 22, 2015 "we will sending out the backers kit soon ." april 27,2015 " we will send out the survey in the next few weeks." june 2,2015 "should be by the end of next week" referring to the week of june 8,2015 june 12,2015 "survey will go out in the next 24 hours." the lock is 4 months over due and you indicated it would be, to make improvements to the product. which i'm cool with.  but, don't tell me a survey/backers kit is coming and never send it. make sure your ready to send it when you say your going to send it.  with that said, down the road don't tell me your sending me the locks and make it another month or so.  i want to be clear. i'm not mad at you. i'm pointing out a simple mistake on your part. if you need more time just say so along with the reason why. don't keep people hanging in suspense waiting for something that you keep indicating is coming. just ask for more time and a reason why. people will just have to accept that.
hi creator. please refer to your comment on the long shackle version of noke. can you pre-order such from your website now? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/comments…
i completely agree with kevin.  this campaign has been long, but i have bender been worried or upset.  the presence of a creator giving updates or responding to comments takes very little time, but prevents all the drama i have seen on other projects. keep up the good work - looking forward to receiving my reward!
patrick: we're very close! david: yes.
will we be able to order more locks if we choose on this survey?
hi noke team, hope you guys can starting shipment this month. :)
david and alexander: sorry for the delay. update and survey will go out in the next 24 hours. thanks for your patience.
i am a little bit disappointed that there is still no update about the survey even though you said we would receive it last week. i hope this doesn't mean that the shipment will also be delayed. (just to assure you since intenation work not pas well in written text: i'm not trying to be rude, i'm just a little bit impatient and filling out the survey gives the impression that delivery will be a bit closer)
"the directive covers electrical equipment with a voltage at input or output terminals between 50 and 1000 volts for alternating current (ac) or between 75 and 1500 volts for direct current (dc). importantly, it does not cover voltages within equipment. the directive does not cover components (broadly, this refers to individual electronic components)."
when're you going to send the backerkit survey? could you please post a new update?
thanks for the kind words kevin! we aim to please.
hi guys, i just wanted to say that i've back a few campaigns now and you are by far the best at keeping us up to date and answering questions. other campaigns could learn a lot from your customer service skills. thanks again and keep up the great work. i can't wait to see what your next project will be! :-)
olaf: ce certification is required for all electronics (noke is an electronic device). ce certification only takes a few days and will not cause any delays.
@fridtjof: that information is not correct. neither do padlocks require ce signs (according to the eu directives and regulations for ce marking), nor does it say that customs destroys items without that marking. can you please clarify ? i wouldn't want to wait additional weeks for a ce certification that isn't necessary.
dear colleagues, please be sure to add the european ce mark for approved product safety to the item and to the packaging. additionally it should come with a printed declaration of conformity, including manufacturer's address and signature. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ce_marking if the ce mark is missing, european customs will destroy or return the items!
karl: you'll be able to give us your shipping address when we send out the survey. we will be sending it out in the next day or two. thanks for your patience.
hello, as i need to change the shipping address, were can i do this?
alexander: we'll definitely keep you updated on the development of the u-lock. also, the survey will be going out very shortly. thanks for your patience on this.
quick question: i plan to add an u-lock as well. i guess once the survey is send out and i add the u-lock i will also receive the updates concerning the progress? (once i buy something i get rather impatient, news about development eases this ;-) )
thanks for quick reply
stephen: we expect to have the survey out by the end of the week. yes, we are getting very close!
any news on the surveys and detonate dates for shipping
carlos, they won't rust or corrode. there are several materials and coatings that perform very well in the elements. things like zinc, etc. perform quite well in wet environments.
sorry to post here but i plan on getting a u-lock as an add on as well. what are the chances of the charging nodes to corrode or rust? i noticed they're left exposed and even the cover does not cover these emergency charging nodes. i'm assuming of course that it may rain at times while using the noke u-lock
temu: the cable is very strong. it is made of a braided steel and is 3/8" of an inch thick. rl: the chain comes in one length: 6 feet
@noke team, if i'm not forgot you said the chain will come with two length size to let us choice.
hi. how strong/durable is the bike lock chain you are offering with the noke? thank you.
@michael if there is one company i trust completely on kickstarter, it would be fŪz... this is my 3th product i backed, and they always delivered what they promised. they also react very fast to comments (they answer almost every single comment!) and if you happen to have a problem, they solve it very quickly.
skippy, we've already tooled the holder and we think you'll love it. we will show it in an update in a few days once we get some nice photos. we will have to see if ics is popular enough to make an additional mount available sometime in the future. thanks for the suggestion.
@creator: have you thought about making noke with cable ics mount compatible? ics is a system under saddles (e.g. selle royal) for easy installation of accessories (bags, lights ...locks?).
@michael: you are jumping to conclusions. you'd better read updates and some history in the comments section more often and precisely, than making such bold statements. if you do, you will realize what you just said in an impulse. it's up to you what you do with that insight. this creator is absolutely trustworthy, has a track record and already communicated early march (and even 4 comments back!) about a june/july delivery.
omg. it's already juneeeeeee!!!   you guys suck!!!  that's the reason why i did not pledge on your other project.  you can't even deliver your first project and you guys are already promoted the 2nd locking system.   you guys are a suspicious .  you make kickstarter bad for people who have legit products!!!!!
curtis, soon. we placed a sizable order with the factory that far exceeds the number of each color ordered on kickstarter so as long as we get the appropriate data before we start shipping, we will be fine. that being said, it should be by the end of next week. thanks.
shouldn't the surveys have gone out then?
stephan, sorry you haven't been getting the updates. take a look at the last few updates here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/updates we will be shipping late june through july. this is according to the schedule we outlined in early march. thanks.
how long will it take for you guys to finish the product... estimated delivery was feb 2015...
rl, no, you haven't missed anything. we are waiting just a bit longer before we send it. the longer we wait, the less chance we have to worry about people changing addresses, etc. thanks for making sure. we will also send an update when we send the survey as confirmation.
i didn't received the survey, is it i missed something?
jared: this feature already exists. simply turn off auto-unlock in the app. the only way to unlock noke with auto-unlock off is to use quick click or tap unlock on the app so nobody will be able to open noke by simply clicking it. they would need the quick click code.
can i make a feature request? basically, i would like to turn off the connection quickly to the padlock via the app (without turning off bluetooth) so i can throw my phone/watch into the locker and close it, take a shower and come back and use the morse code unlock. (this would allow me to throw everything inside and it not automatically unlock when clicked because i don't want that when i'm showering).
alexander, 1. yes. 2. late june. 3. a couple weeks. 4. september.
two questions: will i be able to use one key-fob for two different noke locks?  can we expect the shipping to start at the beginning of june or the end? and how long do you think shipping will take (to belgium in my case).  now that i think of it a 3rd question: i imagine that the u-lock will not ship at the same time as the padlock. can you tell me when you think the u-lock will ship?
personally, i wouldn't worry too much about noki. it looks like a dumb design, only suitable for in-house doors. leave your key in a lock, and put a motorized box around it to turn it!?!?!? no-thank-you. breakable with one firm kick, after which you have the key..... but i agree: they shamelessly piggy-back on your name; certainly worth a lawyer visit!!
jarrah, not yet. need to consult with the lawyers first. it's a shame. they actually backed noke so they should be aware of the confusion this can cause. hopefully we can resolve this amicably.
hi fuz, have you talked to noki? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1227497591/noki-the-smart-doorlock-for-europe their name seems confusingly similar to yours, for products of the same general type.
michael, nobody is saying you need to support the u-lock. i appreciate your skepticism. there's no harm in waiting for us to deliver the padlock before considering the u-lock. i think once you receive the padlock, you'll love it so much, you'll want to buy the u-lock if that's a product you may want. until then, there's no rush to do anything. as a reminder, we haven't changed delivery deadlines since march. in march, we said june and we still hold firm to that date. we've explained at length how we ended up 4 months later than we anticipated in august and begged for your understanding and forgiveness several times. the delays were two-fold. the first was because we changed to a manufacturer that is much larger and has extensive experience making padlocks. it required getting them up to speed on the project and redoing some of the initial due diligence. this can be painful, but it was well worth it. noke is significantly better because we made the change. the other 2 month delay was because it took us a little longer to make a few upgrades than we anticipated. that was our fault as well. we haven't tried to shift blame on either delay. if we had picked this manufacturer before we launched on kickstarter and if we had not made a couple improvements suggested by our backers during the campaign, we would not have been delayed. but, i can assure you these changes were worth the trouble. the quality of the finished product and the feature set are so much better than what we initially showed on kickstarter. again, we appreciate your patience with this. if we had further delays since our last suggested delivery date, i would completely understand your concerns today. however, the june date remains firm. as we've started getting tooled parts from the factory, we have more and more confidence every day that the june date will stick. in fact, i will be writing another update in the next day or two with tooled samples of all the metal parts :)  this is very exciting. that means every part has now been tooled. if you've followed manufacturing projects, you know there are a couple weeks of tweaking to make everything perfect, but the hard part (and most time consuming) is complete. i think once you see the photos in the next update, you'll share our excitement for how close the finish line is. hang in there. thanks again for your feedback.
why should i be support noke ulock when you can't even deliver on your promise for this noke? it's already may!!!!!
shez, yes, check out the update we wrote a few days ago: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/posts/1220611
any updated news on tooling and timeline for delivery of finished product guys?
ok cool, thanks fuz designs
grant: at some point, i assume so. right now, pebble hasn't finished any api to open up bluetooth 4.0 yet. they plan on it later in the year. i copied this from their latest kickstarter page, "(later in 2015) bluetooth low energy api. use pebble to control ble-enabled objects." once they do that, we can start working on something for it.
i assume you will support pebble too. think i already read that somewhere?
ma, definitely.
@fŪz designs will noke also support apple watch?
kevin, no worries. we didn't request its removal. derek, sorry, we wanted to send out an update last week but we had to move offices. our lease expired and we were unable to extend it in the space we'd been occupying for the last 18 months. i will make sure to get an update out in the first couple days of next week as the dust settles. the short version is that everything is still on track for a june delivery. in fact, our factory sent us a very detailed gantt chart right after chinese new year (this is when we sent the update aiming for a june delivery) and they have met every single date on the chart so far so we are more and more confident about june. there hasn't been much to report as they are still tooling. tooling is always a waiting game. everything is completely out of our hands during this time. again, the fact that they've hit every date so far is very encouraging. we expect to get our hands on the first tooled samples in 2-3 weeks. this is when things will begin progressing quickly. we will have plenty of photos at that point as we will be on the ground to take the first tooled samples and tweak our way to the final complete tooling. thanks everyone.
hi guys, i just wanted to clear up why my comment was deleted; i had posted about another kickstarter campaign, which i thought would be interesting to other backers. a member on another project complained about it and had all the posts removed. i didn't want anyone thinking i had posted something inappropriate or insulting. i thought the post would just be interesting to other backers. i wasn't trying to spam or gain anything by advertising etc. i just wanted to clear that up. thanks.
its been a month since the last real update... what's news ? do we have a shipping date ?
hi! when the noke will be sent? thanks
@creator thanks for the updates! i've been backing other kickstarters, and they've been really terrible at answering their backers. good to see you're keeping us in the fold. :)
chun, we will send out the survey in the next few weeks and you'll be able to give us your updated address then. emeric, we are still on track to deliver in june. may, in the next few weeks. kevin, thanks.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hi guys, have the survey been sent out? i didn't really seen any official email yet...
hi! when the noke will be sent? thanks
how can i confirm the reservation address information, thank you
ryo, we will be shipping asian shipments from hong kong, so it should be pretty quick to get to you once we start shipping in june. thanks
i live in japan. how long does it take to delivery? by airplane? by ship?
derek, we're getting there. we actually have a trip to china planned in a few weeks to test the tooling and make the first tooled samples. that is definitely what you're looking for. as are we. in the meantime, i suppose we could give you an update on some of the less exciting things. the mount for the chain is pretty awesome and you haven't seen it yet. the packaging also looks fantastic. the chain is complete. the o-ring tooling is complete. how about i get some good photos of all those parts and send out an update in the next week and then send another update with photos from the tooled samples?
time for a full update ?
kevin, yes, the survey will give you a chance to give us your current address. thanks
if we have a change of address can we change that?
zen & apit: on feb 22, we posted an update letting everyone know we pushed the delivery to june. you can read more about the update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/posts/1141282 we apologize for the delay and appreciate your patience and understanding.
my question is how close to the delivery date?
so when this is be available? how much will be delayed?
tan, it won't delay shipping at all. they will be shipped separately when they are ready. the padlock will ship first.
if i add a u-lock via backerkit, will this delays the shipping of the noke padlock or will they both be shipped together in june?
brandon, its 8mm.
hello guys! hope all is well with you. i had a fairly simple question come up. what is the circumference of the shackle of the noke? i was looking at toolboxes and realized i might want that info before shopping. thanks!
grant, yes, there is. we are going to send the survey in just a couple of weeks. we will have the u-lock available as an add-on there at the same price points as we are offering on the kickstarter page. thanks
is there a survey coming where can add the u-lock?
tino, we will post an android video demo on an update in the next 24 hours. brian, we will send the survey in a couple weeks. whatever address you put in there will be the address to which we will ship your noke.
how can i change my delivery address?
@dan: actually, there is sort-of a search function. if you click on the name of a poster, e.f. "fuz designs", you will see a list of all the posts of only that poster. that way it is quite easy to just read through only their replies!
stephen: 8mm
hello fuz,  what is this thickness metal u-bar?  this will be useful to determine how big a hole is needed for it to fit through.
dan, it is still june, but yes, we will be sure to put it in the next update. thanks.
hi @creator, could you consider mentioning in your next official update if the estimated shipping date is still june? it's a pain that there's no search function in the comments so we've gotta scroll and speed read looking for a mention of "shipment". thank you.
donnazwa, yes, we will give you the flexibility to upgrade on the backerkit. thanks.
i know we can add add-ons with the backer kit, but will we be able to change our pledge level..... ie. change from one noke pledge level to the 3 or 5 level to get the price break?
go for it ! :)
isaac, we are happy with either option. whatever is easier for you. backerkit isn't free either. besides, kickstarter's fees are reasonable so we don't mind payments my them. now that i think about it, if you add it in backerkit, they will be shipped together. that would save us some money in shipping which is our least favorite cost to pay :)
what better for you ? to be also backer of the u-lock or to wait for the backerkit survey and add the u-lock ? option 2 think it's the best for you because we don't go throw kickstarter
matt: when we send you the backerkit survey, you'll be able to add the cable and bike mount to your pledge as add-ons. you may be interested in the noke u-lock that is currently on kickstarter: http://kck.st/1xaf2sf you'll be able to upgrade to the u-lock via backerkit as well.
i had opted just to get the noke on it's own. i'm now interested in getting the cable and bike mount - do i have to wait until the public launch, or can i upgrade my pledge to the next level?
carlos: absolutely. the only differences between the u-lock and the padlock (other than the shape and the strength) are the battery and the alarm. the battery on the padlock is a coin (replaceable) battery and the battery on the u-lock is a lithium (rechargeable) battery. because we have a larger battery in the u-lock (made possible because of its size) we were able to include an accelerometer enabled alarm. quick click, sharing, tracking, revoking, etc are included on both locks.
are all the features you're including in the padlock also available in the u-lock?
troy, i think we will add the option of checking closures with the understanding it may not work each time if the customer uses it in a way where it's impossible to track. i like it as an option. regarding lock telling customer about quick-click history, yes, that is built into the app so it will send it to the next user who has network connectivity. thanks
how?  not april?? what the...  oh my god....ㅡㅡ ;;
thanks for the response about the "lock confirmed closed."  i understand your thought process, especially with how critical people can be when things don't work right - even if it is because of their actions (getting out of range before locking the device). i put in my vote for having some sort of indication that lets me know if it was locked in range - maybe a configuration option for the app (with some sort of disclaimer saying it only reports events while in range). i can't remember - is the lock history stored on the padlock and downloaded to the app when in range (to see the morse code open/closes)?
daniel, as we mentioned in the last couple updates, tooling has started and we expect to begin shipping in june. thanks.
when will i get mine?
sydney, noke is designed to be used outside and withstand rain with no problem at all.
sorry if this has been covered already, just wondering how weather/water proof the lock is. could it be used on an open gate/lock?
thanks for the quick response, can't wait to get the noke!
tristan, it isn't shipping quite yet, but it sounds like it will be soon. it's hard to tell without using it, but there are a couple features i strongly prefer about noke vs. this one. this lock doesn't have anything like quick-click so if your phone is dead, you need to get somebody else's phone, download the app, sign in and open it that way. not ideal, particularly with how often phone batteries die. the internal battery is also another issue in many use cases. if the battery dies, you need to get a micro-usb cord and some sort of external battery or power source to charge it. if you bring your lock inside regularly, this isn't a big issue. however, it you use it to lock a gate, warehouse, storage facility, or somewhere where removing it is difficult or even unsafe, you'd be in trouble. we thought about this a lot on our noke u-lock. we opted for the rechargeable because we put in a huge battery and because bringing a u-lock inside once every few years isn't going to create a security problem on a mission-critical application. worst case, you bring your u-lock and bicycle inside and charge it every few years. you won't be leaving a warehouse door exposed. with the noke padlock, we wanted the battery to be easily replaced, so you could always just swap it out if necessary. the app also doesn't look like it's as full featured and it doesn't look particularly great. those are just my quick observations without actually using it. thanks.
just saw that this bluetooth lock is shipping now, would be curious to see how it matches up with the noke!  https://www.thequicklock.com/product-padlock.php
likeicelemintea, we will be sending out the backerkit soon and you'll be able to add the key fob there. grant, u lock update is going great. we want to have food renderings of some various colors that won't be complete until monday. we will post the update then. thanks.
seen as you don't seem to be active in u-lock comments, how's the u-lock update going??
how do we add the key fob to our pledge
isaac, yes, we will get the necessary european certification so your insurance will acknowledge the noke padlock and noke u-lock. thanks.
hello fuz ! do will have certification for the u-lock ? because in europe there is some certification that need for claim insurance if we get rob with an u-lock. thanks
derek, that's why we launched the noke u-lock. while tooling is going on, there is virtually nothing we can do. once it is completed, we can make several tooled samples, refine the tooling to work out any tweaks, perform all the strength and weather testing, get all certifications, etc. we will be doing dozens of things as quickly as we can once the tooled samples start coming. in the meantime, we just need to be patient. sorry it's so boring.
so nothing at all to report for a month of work ?
derek, no changes since the last update a few weeks ago. you can see it here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/posts/1141282
can we get an update ? shipping dates ?
tim: not a problem. when we send the backerkit survey for the padlock (which we'll be doing in a few days), you can upgrade your pledge to get the u-lock. you'll be able to use the money you've pledged already toward a padlock and a u-lock instead of a padlock and a cable. i hope that makes sense.
hey guys!! quick question. so i backed the noke with the bike lock cable and mount. this was an additional amount for the bike mount. i can also see your new specific bike lock. i'd really like to purchase the new bike lock and not get the bike kit for the noke. is this going to be possible? otherwise i'm wasting $20 for something extra that i'm never going to use as the bike lock will make it redundant. thanks
troy, that would essentially be the same as how it would work with our history if we added the lock as an activity in history. when you open it, last thing in history is green. if you close it and you're in range, the last item would be a red close. if you don't see a red close, that means it's either open or it was closed while you were out of range. again, the problem is a user may assume it's open when it's been closed. not ideal but perhaps having the red work most of the time is better than it seeing it at all might be preferable. i'm sure you can see why we haven't decided for sure how to handle this. anything that is not perfect can be defined negatively and we don't love that.
as far as the locked position conversation - i can see it being nice to have a confirmed locked status, meaning it was locked while in range etc...perhaps a check box that is empty if it is unlocked or locked out of range.
oleg, 1. no, it won't lock unless it's in the proper closed position. 2. we have had a few discussions about this. it is easy to implement but it wouldn't be 100% accurate so we are debating whether or not to put it in the history. we may send a survey to get your feedback. we hate adding a "feature" that can't be guaranteed to be 100% accurate because then it gets negative reviews when it doesn't work each time. if you use the app on your smartphone to open noke, tracking the opening is easy because noke won't open without the communication from the app. however, if you walk away from noke or your phone dies while noke is open, or whatever, you can still close noke, but the app may not know that it closed. think about opening a shed or delivery door at a warehouse. the app tracks it, then you walk away and let people load and unload, then they close it while you are away from the lock. we would have no way of tracking that. if you looked at the app, it would still show the lock unlocked, even though it's locked. hopefully this makes sense.
i apologize if these points have been answered already: 1.  will the lock click into locked position if you press the loop down and it is not in the hole?  such as my current padlock can be "locked" but not be aligned and pushed into the locking hole, so you have to unlock it again and seat it properly. 1.  with the app can you tell if the lock is in the locked position?
michael, i understand your concern but noke is much different than other bluetooth devices. those devices are made with plastic and they place the antenna in positions to create the greatest range possible. noke is made from solid steel. just getting the bluetooth signal out at all is a challenge. our 10ft practical range is not something we've limited by software. it's just physics. we will perform several tests once the tooled samples are complete and we will revisit the range and determine exactly how far the production models will transmit. if it's over 10ft, we will add a slider in the software to adjust it. if not, we may not. hang in there. we will make sure the range is very tight one way or the other. the siftware solution is not difficult for us to implement. thanks.
that's my concern too, i plan to use three noke(s) on tool boxes bolted to back off my work truck and i know that my phone often connects to the bluetooth car-kit from our bedroom, so the possibility exists that during the night (we have had thefts before) someone could try the noke lock when the phone is in the bedroom and access my tools, so a short bluetooth connection distance would suit my needs.
jacob,  1. we may allow adjustable range. the main key is how effectively we can keep the range down mechanically. if it gets more than 10ft, we will add the ability to shorten it with the software. if we can keep it really low without an adjustment, we won't worry about adding the complication to the software. 2. yes on both 3. yes 4. through the backerkit survey, we will allow you to change from a padlock to u-lock by adding the difference in cost. it should be very simple through the survey.
also, if i ordered 3 padlocks, can i exchange one for the ulock?
a few more questions for both the padlock and the ulock: 1. will you be able to adjust the auto-unlock range? (on both?) 2. will you be able to upgrade the firmware? (on both?) 3. will the keyfob work for both the ulock and the padlock?
gid, i'm not sure i totally understand your comment about an add-on. during the campaign, our backers suggested some mechanical improvements that we agreed would improve the product. the testing took a little longer than we thought and we apologize for the inconvenience. but we didn't do any add-ons. the key fob is something we did with our software and and electrical engineers, it didn't slow down production at all. thanks.
i'm just disappointed in having to fund another project that pushes their delivery date hoping to squeeze out another add on. it's like buying a game and had to pre-order via snail mail then wait for the expansion pack to arrive. you guys throw in a tshirt or cap for the inconvenience of waiting we would be really appreciative of your effort on trying to produce a flawless product with extra features. forgive my sarcasm.
grant, at some point, i assume so. right now, pebble hasn't finished any api to open up bluetooth 4.0 yet. they plan on it later in the year. i copied this from the current kickstarter page, "(later in 2015) bluetooth low energy api. use pebble to control ble-enabled objects." once they do that, we can start working on something for it.
will there be a pebblewatch app too
jessie, we are looking into it.
are you guys going to make an android wear add on for your app as well?
andrea, the padlock will be shipping in june. there are more details available on our last update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/posts/1141282 thanks for your patience with this. it took us a little longer to work in all the improvements, but tooling has started and everything is locked in for june shipments.
good morning. no more info are provided by february on the shipping of the tool. i'm still waiting for the item and now i discover you're working on other products to be delivered in june!!! what does it mean?
alexander, you can make your own quick-click code as short as 8 clicks. for the ones you give people, we feel better about leaving them at 16 for safety reasons. you can email or text the codes directly to the user and it only works once, so its not something we would expect somebody to need to remember. it will just be something people need to copy. they have about 15 seconds between button presses, so it is actually very easy to enter the code without any trouble. also, if you do a click wrong, you can immediately start at the beginning again. no need to wait for a reset or anything. i hope this helps alleviate your concerns.
sorry my comment was not finished yet. i have a small feature request: is it possible to choose smaller one time click codes? for example choose 10 different clicks instead of 16, knowing the security implication but also making it easier to remember and less prone to mistakes.
sorry, my comment wa
i have a
@john -- exactly right. this campaign was funded seven months ago and i am yet to receive the padlock. now there is even less focus on this, as another product campaign is being ramped up. @creator how about focusing on shipping the core product and less on new products, shiny ces booths and key fobs. < / having a bad day anyway rant >
eric, we will be handling that with the backerkit survey. we will be sending the survey in a couple weeks. you'll be able to upgrade to the noke u-lock from there. this will be much easier than trying to do a credit and then have you make a new pledge for the u-lock. example: you'll get a credit for padlock and cable $79, and then you can add $20 to upgrade to the noke u-lock. hopefully this makes sense. please feel free to follow up if you need any more clarification. thanks.
what steps do i need to take to transfer my padlock order to the ulock order? i ordered 2 padlocks with 1 bike mount. i want 1 ulock with mount and 1 padlock with cables and a mount.
john, it wasn't an easy decision to launch the u-lock prior to shipping the padlock. there are two main reasons why we decided to do so: 1) at this point, there isn't much we can do with the padlock as we wait for the tooling to be completed. the only thing we can work on is the app and the backend. we want to keep our mechanical engineer, industrial designer, and manufacturing engineer busy and employed so they've been working on the u-lock while we all wait for the padlock tooling to be completed. 2) we want to give our backers the option to switch their pledge toward the u-lock. we thought that some of our customers might feel bummed if we shipped the padlock and cable for them to lock their bike up and then we immediately turn around and launch the u-lock. this wouldn't be so bad if there was a year in between but we will begin shipping the u-lock just a few months after shipping the padlock. i assure you, if launching the u-lock slowed delivery of the padlock, we wouldn't have done it. we appreciate your concern and understanding and thank you for your support.
how about you fulfill your commitments on this lock before kickstarting another one?
got it. we will have a long shackle version of the padlock within a month of launch. it's already in the works :) that will work perfectly for your application.
@creator.  i have resend the email at support@fuzdesigns.com
abdul, we are definitely working on other models, including bigger one for your gate. do you have any specific dimensions you'd like to see, or just generally bigger and stronger?
@creator. i was hoping for a bigger noke for my home gate but you launch u-lock instead. can you please work on a bigger noke.
the padlock will be shipping in june. there are more details available on our last update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/posts/1141282 thanks for your patience with this. it took us a little longer to work in all the improvements, but tooling has started and everything is locked in for june shipments.
i see the u-lock has been launched on ks. i have backed the padlock and i am wondering about a ship date?
alexander: we completely understand your frustration with the delay. we are just as frustrated as you, if not more so. i assure that developing the keyfob has not slowed down noke at all. as we mentioned in the update, tooling has already stated so we are officially set and shouldn't have any further delays at this point.
how about using your resources to get the core product out the door instead of lallygaging with key fobs.
lorenzo: we'll send out the survey in april or may.
when will the survey go out?
jacob: we'll see what we can do.
awesome one time code idea! (sounds like google authenticator backup codes a bit :d) would be also be able to disable the codes altogether if we don't want the feature?
i echo most, pretty impressed with the product and the communication.  maybe you can offer any disappointed investors with the chance to sell their investment to others (then let me know and i'll buy another)..... great stuff, good luck!
hi guys, i normally get a bit worried when kickstarters get delays but having seen the quality of your everdock i backed, i know the delays will be worth the wait. you can't rush perfection and i trust the noke will live up to your reputation. great job guys and keep up the good work.
alexander: quick click is like morse code (digits = clicks). we decided to make it 16 clicks for security purposes. keep in mind that sharing these one-time use codes is completely optional. you can give others access the traditional way through they app where they simply download the app to unlock noke (as long as they've been granted permission of course). agreed on the clarity of the shipping date. i'm sorry we missed that in the update.
its still not entirely clear how the one time quick click code works. you're speaking of digits but i thought the quick-click code was more like a morse code system. are the digits translated into long and short presses? and i hope it won't be a combination of 16 different presses? p.s. i'm a little bit disappointed by your lack of clarity in communicating delays. especially since you promised clear communication in the beginning. like tino i prefer to simply read that shipping has been pushed back to june instead of reading an additional 6 weeks and having to go look at the last expected shipping date...
jacob, good question. here is how we plan on implementing it. when setting up noke, you'll give it your own custom quick-click code. you can see how that's done in the setup video in the latest update. the app will send that code to noke as the master quick-click code. at the same time, it will send 10 randomly generated 16 digit codes that will be stored on noke. noke will only allow those codes to be used once. in order to share one of those codes with a friend, you will click on a button in the app and the app will email or text it to your friend along with simple instructions letting her know how to enter the quick click code. the concept is the same as sharing your code with somebody, but it doesn't require you to give away your master code. once you've gone through those 10 codes, you'll need to go near noke to generate more codes. before shipping noke, we will be able to see exactly how much memory is available after final firmware is loaded. we may be able to generate more than 10 codes so you can share noke more often without needing to refill it. i hope this makes sense. let me know if you need any further clarification.
could you explain how the one time quick click works? do i have to be near the noke to share one?
tino, thanks for your comments. i totally agree on the scope creep. i wanted to share the software updates and improved sharing features as a way of showing you how we were taking advantage of the extra time added to make the physical product perfect. the delays have been to prototype and test the physical improvements. we can assure you there will be no more changes there because tooling has already started. the extra time has allowed us to improve firmware and software to a level you wouldn't likely see on a first generation product. this obviously doesn't make up for the delays but we wanted you to know we aren't standing still. yes, june 2015 is the new delivery date. sorry for missing that in the update. julen, touchid can definitely be used to keep people out of your phone and thus the app if you turn auto-unlock off.
thank you guys for the update! i'm truly excited with all the new little additions (key fob especially - looks perfect) and testing. thanks!
i dont know if is comented but it would be nice to have compatibility with touchid
@creator: unfortunately your explanation about the length of the new delay is unusually vague..... it doesn't mention a new expected delivery date, but only vague words like "a little beyond the april estimate" and "added 6 to 8 weeks beyond what we requested { guess you meant "promised" there?} in november".  so far you have been very clear in your communication, so please continue that trend, also where it concerns bringing us bad news. we're big boys & girls! so here's my simple question: what is the new expected delivery date? is that april + 6-to-8-weeks = end of may, begin of june? please be specific to us! even though i fully understand that kickstarter projects have a nasty tendency to delay quite a bit, your customers want to plan round it. e.g.: the cycling season is typically starting in spring in europe. will we be able to lock our bicycles with a shiny new noke, or do we still use our ugly good old key-padlock? one more remark, speaking as an it professional: beware of "scope creap". i my eyes you also loose valuable time by constantly adding new functions that can also be easily added after delivery, through an app / firmware update. you will have to make those anyway, for various reasons. don't be tempted by constant changes: freeze it, and deliver it. love the fob though :-) kind regards, tino.
frank, yes, noke will have upgradeable firmware. dongdv, the key fob will be available on the survey. we will send it in about 6 weeks. s sen, as we mentioned in the update we are as frustrated as you about the delays. adding new features always opens up some uncertainty. we made our best guess as to how long it would take to implement the changes and test them. unfortunately, we were off on our estimates. it's all on us. we won't make excuses and all we can do is ask for your continued patience. because tooling has started, we feel very good about the our most recent estimated delivery date. regarding pricing, we raised pre-order prices on our website last week and will likely raise them one more time as shipping begins and the pre-order period ends. we haven't had any cost overruns, so you needn't worry about that at all. thanks for the compliment on the product. you're going to love it!
my concerns are same as several people which has already voiced regarding the continuous delays and also the price it has been marked for sale in the website. whether we have backed one or more our interest is the same . we really need firm dates and when i backed your project i did not expect such delays and the product been marked for sale at the same price in website.this is possibly been done to generate money by advance sales - but hey if you  are facing cost overruns we should know . the idea is fantastic so full kudos to that.
so how do we order for the key fob?
thanks for the recent update, and i enthusiastically support comments made by my fellow backers: can't wait to get my noke. given the ever changing technology landscape, will the noke have the capability to have it's software updated if or when necessary?
jacob, we can't wait to get it to you. i'm writing an update now. will post it in the next few hours. regarding your security question, we have decided to make it more granular than just using a slider. the main issue about security is allowing offline access to shared users. i'll be a little wordy here, but i want to make sure i explain everything completely. the owner of a noke is always able to access it whether he has an internet connection or not. this is something we feel strongly about. it would be pretty annoying/ catastrophic if you couldn't open noke on a boat or airplane, in the wilderness, etc. so you'll definitely want that option as an owner. however, when sharing, you may or may not want to grant offline access. we were going to use a security slider to try to simplify things, but we realize it's best to break it out and make sure you understand your options. offline access is something you'll want to grant to a secondary user if they will need access in remote places. the security concern is that once you share access with that person, if they are sneaky, they can put their device in airplane mode and never turn it back on. if you've granted them offline access and their in airplane mode, there is no way for our servers to kick them off. this is a remote possibility, but it is a possibility nonetheless. so, if you wanted to revoke access from that person, you'd just need to get near noke and "rekey" it. this would then revoke their access even if they are in airplane mode. so, for most secondary users, you'll just require them to verify access each time they use noke. this is called online access. but, if they need offline, you'll need to verify they have had their access revoked by checking into our servers. if they have been sneaky, you can simply rekey and revoke access that way. we have also decided to make the owner the admin and they are the only person who can share and revoke access and rekey, etc. they are also the only ones who can see other people's history. secondary users can only see their own history. hopefully this makes sense. please feel free to follow up with any other security questions. we have spent a lot of time thinking of all the possibilities and making sure we have the best solution available. ces and the other trade shows we've attended have exposed us to varying individuals who have asked us about nearly all the possibilities you could imagine.
just wondering how the security levels for sharing (low, medium and high) vary. can't wait to get my noke!
timothy: on nov 4 we posted an update to our kickstarter backers letting them know we had pushed back the delivery a couple of months. you can read more about the update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/posts/1031872 we are still aiming to begin shipping in april. we will know more in early march once workers return to the factory after chinese new year. thanks.
"once we begin shipping"...  do you have more specific time? many of us backers would like to have an update on the estimated shipping date, the last was a month ago...  best, timothy
eric: we will increase noke's price once we begin shipping. we will likely increase the pre-order price soon too. the kickstarter price per noke when pledging for the 2-pack is $54 each so your price was lower than our current pre-order price for two units.
i was looking on your website and saw you're taking orders for the noke, at $55 a piece for two.  under the kickstarter package i bought (2 for $108), it said that price was $70 off retail. why the discrepancy? thanks
glenn, bluetooth has 128bit aes encryption which encrypts all communication to and from it. we then have added another 128bit layer of encryption on top of that. we also have a custom protocol for communicating with the lock on top of all the encryption that includes unique session id's, session keys and a digital key that is unique for every lock. all which are required for a valid unlock command to be accepted. if they are not found communication is aborted and the lock disconnects.
@creators perfect! im going to assume you guys have also tried using ubertooth to try and see if you forcefully unlock noke by injecting malicious packets? is there any safeguards for bt packet injection, perhaps time-stamping?
perfect - thanks so much for that info! and if you need a hand with testing the app designs and journey pathways, let me know - my day job (when i'm not pledging for kickstarter projects) is a ux specialist. i'm sure a few other backers wouldn't mind helping with beta testing, too.  thanks again, your team is doing great!
crispin: good questions. here are the replies:  1) that is correct. we will have a better idea of exactly when nokes will be shipping once the workers return to the factory after the chinese new year break. 2) the fobs will be available for purchase when we send out the backerkit survey where we request your shipping address and noke color 3) the apps are coming along great. as with all software development, apps are constantly a work in progress. we continue to improve both the ux, ui and the overall functionality of the app each day.
hi creator, great to see you participating in the comments still, i am involved in a few other projects where the creator has pulled a vanishing act and things go downhill very fast among the backers! i had 3 minor questions that i was wondering if you could help with? 1) i pledged for 3 noke+cable sets, and one was a gift for a friend with a birthday in early march - i see from some of your comments here that nothing will ship until april, so am i right to assume it will be at least 4-6 weeks after early march before we begin to receive our shiny nokes? 2) re the fobs, which from memory were a stretch goal, but i can't remember if these were going to be a free addon or if we would need to pay more for these before shipping-time, could you refresh my memory please? (i'd like at least one for each of the 3 nokes i pledged, ideally.) 3) how are the apps for each platform coming along? (personally i'm most interested in the windows phone and ios apps, but i'm sure the android peeps would like to know about their one as well!) thank you!
chris, i understand your perspective and as with any legal or tax related issue, there are several ways to interpret the laws. there are also dozens of different countries we are dealing with. all of these countries have different laws and different interpretations of the law. we have chosen a method we have found causes the least amount of problems for the largest number of people. using this method as a default, we have found great results on over 10,000 shipments of various products to different customers all over the world. now, as for individual shipments, we can be more flexible. if you'd like a special method for us to ship your noke, please just email us directly at support@fuzdesigns.com and we will take care of you. thanks so much.
@creator: i have to disagree with your previous posting. you state that we are paying for goods we will receive. surely if this were the case we would be entitled to get our money back if we did not receive a lock. as you know this is not the case. we have given you money to support a project and you have kindly offered to give us a 'perk' by way of a thankyou. the 'perk' that you have chosen is a lock, it could just as easily have been a certificate acknowledging our support of your project (you probably would not have got as many takers but that is not relevant).  to sum up, the money is to support your project and the lock is a gift to us from you.
timotheus: good question. it is a little tricky. kickstarter makes it clear that you are making a pledge and not ordering a product. however, you are making a payment for a good you will receive. what we've decided to do is send as merchandise but lower the amount of the product since your money did go towards tooling and other production costs. we'll use a low cost (around $25) which should minimize if not eliminate duties and taxes.
i have another question regarding the shipping process and i'm sorry if this has been asked before: is it possible to declare the packages as "gifts" (value 0$), in order to avoid additional fees? i live in germany, and we have to pay huge (in sum about 30%) fees when we get something imported. it would be great if we could avoid that - i'm sure you can understand... best regards!
amande: on nov 4 we posted an update stating we had pushed back the delivery a couple of months. you can read more about the update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fuzdesigns/noke-the-worlds-first-bluetooth-padlock/posts/1031872 we are still aiming to begin shipping in april. we will know more in early march once workers return to the factory after chinese new year.
its feb!!! when is my bluetooth padlock shipping??
glenn, noke is not vulnerable to shims at all. shims allow you to easily open padlocks with spring loaded latches. fortunately, most new lock designs (like noke) are designed to eliminate the possibility of a shim opening the locking mechanism.
@creator are there any safeguards from padlock shims?
jacob: 1) yes 2) yes 3) we may not have it at launch but we do have plans to implement two factor authentication dennis: not a bad suggestion. it would make it bigger but it does give you a home for a backup battery. it may be too late at this point but we'll keep it in consideration for gen 2.
@creators i know this is a very last minute suggestion but... you know you're planning on creating a bluetooth keyring that you can unlock the padlock with... could this somehow incorporate a spare battery/holder that you could then touch against the lock to jump start it? granted it would make the whole keyring bigger. but it's just a thought. i'm guessing the bt keyring needs power so you might have already considered this i'm guessing. :-)
three quick questions: 1. if you disable auto unlock, will you be able to unlock on demand from your phone's app? 2. will all of the different mobile apps have the same functionality? 3. will you support two factor authentication for user accounts?
appreciate the quick response! i'll put some lithium batteries inside which should help keep the voltage operational. i will be very happy if noke can stand up to our canadian winters. it can get to -40f here with the windshield and i have to defrost our regular padlock with a hot water bottle sometimes because ice accumulates and ends up freezing the locking mechanism. the jump-start feature sounds solid if noke is ever too cold.
darth, we get the question about jumping into the dorr lock space a lot. at the moment, we are happy in the portable lock space. not as much competition and there is a lot of work to be done. we have already prototyped a u-lock, lock box, locker version and we have several other ideas after those. those will keep us busy for a while. if we perfect all the portable ones and feel like the door models still aren't where they should be, we may consider doing something there, but it's down the road a bit for us. michael, around 0f we aren't worried at all. we have tested below there and had good results, but as you've probably recognized with cars, cold batteries don't have the same power as warmer ones. we can't do perfect testing until we have tooled samples with all the right parts made from all the right materials. until then, we don't want to commit to anything. what we are very happy with is that in the event it just gets too cold for the internal battery to perform optimally, the jump-start feature will always allow you to take a battery from your wallet, pocket, home, etc and use that to power noke. it's a very effective backup.
is there any information regarding the operating temperature? it is currently -26c (-14f) with the windshield here in ottawa (canada) and i'm planning on using the noke for my shed. looking forward to receiving this! thank you, michael
from update #17: "we actually had a few door lock companies stop by and they were blown away at the speed with which we can communicate with noke. i think they may have been a little jealous." when the noke padlock is complete, maybe you would consider looking into doing a door lock.  i have looked at what's on the (door lock) market, and while some are better at a couple things than others, none of them seem to be best at doing them all.  using the padlock as a jumping off point, i believe you guys could come up with an awesome noke door lock ("maybe" with an optional key)!
@oleg27 yes i could not be happier with the superm.  i also look forward to the lock(s).  i backed for one.  but i will certainly change to 2 when they open up backerkit.  take care and have a good night.
@john ha!  no kidding.  got my speaker.  it's awesome!  i'm really looking forward to these locks.
oleg27 i think we always back the same projects.
thank you so much.
hideki: you will be able to select your color when we send out the survey before we ship in april. joshua: it makes us happy to see our backers happy. we are proud of what we've accomplished. kevin: oleg27 is correct. you will be able to order more nokes when we send the backerkit survey.
i believe they said they will be using backerkit so you will be able to add more locks.
great video from ces. it really demonstrates how fast noke is! i love the functionality of the app, i've been sitting trying to think of something to add but it all seems to be covered! i'm sorry if this has been answered recently but is it possible to order more nokies(?) or will that be an option when you send out the survey? i can't wait to see if you'll be developing a door lock next! thanks guys.
really anazing how quickly and perfect the lock is working! looking forward to it!
i saw pre-order at your site. i also want both of gray and black.
rl: the email titled 'regarding email from fŪz designs' was from us.
upon further review, we discovered someone hacked our email account. as soon as we changed the password, the problem completely went away. we are checking with google to see how our account was hacked and what we can do to prevent this from happening again. the individual was only able to access email addresses -- no other confidential information was accessible. again, we apologize for the incident and for any inconvenience it may have caused.
that's the point... it was a new email with the address typed manually. it still appears to have been intercepted.
received a email 'regarding email from fŪz designs‏' is it send by you?
we had planned on filming a demo of the latest prototype of noke and software today to send as an update. because of the time spent dealing with the email issue, we needed to put it off until tomorrow. sorry for the trouble. i will be sure to make it worth the wait. thanks everyone.
tom: we did not receive your email. you need to start a new email to ensure it comes to us.
guys - i *forwarded* their phishing email to your address by typing 'support@fuzdesigns.com' as per your website, and then got a reply saying the original email was valid.  you might want to either check that your above address isn't compromised, or update your website if your support address has changed.
backers: this is not a valid email. it is a phishing email and they are spoofing our dns and making it look like it came from support@fuzdesigns.com. if you reply to the email, it will go to the scammer, not us. if you start a new email and type in our email address, then the email will go to us. we are looking into what we can do at this point. for your information, we use google business for our email (this is a paid service) that is very secure and used by thousands of companies. we also use strong passwords. again, we are looking into this and will soon send out an email explaining that the email is not from us and backers/customers should ignore it and delete it. sorry for the inconvenience and thanks for your patience as we work through this.
just got an email from fuz, not sure what secure drive is though. tried opening it on my iphone but doesn't look like something i'd want to open, maybe spam?
got the same email and open it on my iphone. strange way for fuz to do this. not like there previous campaign. i for one will not reply until i hear in an update or something that its legit.
very suspect that their support team responded that it was valid. wonder if their email has been hacked?  no other way to reach them as i can see.
also got an email. deleted it, don't thrust it.
same mail arrived here. with a pdf attached, put impossible to open on iphone.
guys, there's a suspect email coming from you this morning with a supposed attachment, which in turn loads a suspect web page asking for my google details (presumably).  i emailed your support address and got a response that it was a valid email.  nonetheless - i'm not comfortable.  if this is valid please find another way to distribute it and/or confirm here.
don, i think it's about time for an update as well. i'll be sure to post one before the end of the day tomorrow. thanks.
any updates now that the show is over?
nice to ear this...my santa brought me a lg g watch r :)))))
kevin: we think it's a good idea. it's on the roadmap.
hi guys, santa brought me a sony smartwatch 3 for christmas (i've been a very good boy!) will you consider writing an android wear app to use with noke pretty please? :-)
timotheus: things are going great. lots of exciting developments. we will send out an update while we are at ces next week. if anyone is going to ces, we'd love to meet with you and personally show you noke. we are in the north hall -- booth #3623.
any update coming soon? especially regarding the shipping date...? :-) greets and a happy, joyous and successful new year!!!
i really can't wait this for lock considering i don't have a lock currently and i go to the gym and my work and use lockers at both..
michael: john is correct. you will be able to add-on nokes when we send out the backerkit survey. we plan on sending it about a month of two before shipping begins. great question and thanks for helping john!
michael yes i scanned the comments noke stated they plan to use backer kit so we should be able to add units. i want one as well. good question and have a good night.
i hope not asking the same question as someone else. will i be able to add an extra noke with the survey or do i need to preorder one from your website? as i have a need for one more lock.
thanks andrew. merry christmas to all.
merry christmas or happy holidays to all my fellow backers here. hope you all have a great day
rl: probably not this week but we will post an update soon. things are coming along really well. for any of our backers attending ces, we'd love to meet you. we will be in the north hall -- booth #3623. wishing all of our backers a happy holidays!
any x'mas update gift?
merry christmas everyone!
you are my first project on kickstarter. actually, i read about noke in a news article and found that you guys are here.i immediately signed and backed you guys. i think your product is cool and definitely deserves the awards and the appreciation you are getting. in fact after you sent the mail that the noke is available for preorder on your website, i have spread the word to my other friends who might have missed it on ks. however, i still found it disappointing that the noke is available at the same price at our was on ks. agreed, it makes business sense for you, as it is still 'pre-order' for you. but, for me, it looks like you see no difference between the people who 'backed' you to help set this up without even knowing for sure you will come this far and those who will now order through your website.
i haven't been participating in the discussion board. but i read through the comments.
merry christmas everyone :-)
in hoping the android version will have some sort of widget. :)
robert, thanks for sharing. i think you'll like our u-lock better. just hang in a bit longer.
just saw this article.  ulock is available now and is way cool.  they claim the battery lasts five years and it can be shared.  it has a 'proximity' mode that can automatically lock or unlock it within a 3 meter radius.  the only negative i saw was there is no manual way to open it if your phone battery dies. http://www.gizmag.com/ulock-smartphone-bike-lock/35150/…
henrik: we've designed noke to withstand rain, snow and ice but we have to wait until we have tooled samples to test it. once we've completed the testing, we will publish the results. thanks.
thanks for the info
as i live in sweden i'm concerned by rain, ice and snow! is the device tested under these conditions? if you submerge it in water and then put it in the freezer, will it unlock?
perfect !!!
edward, we were just discussing this today. we may choose to do it for ces so people could play around with the locks we have there. we will decide if it makes sense in a few weeks. frankly, without a noke, you can't really do much with the app. that's why we aren't in a rush to post it.
if at all possible could you put the app in the store so we can all test out the basic functions and help find any glitches
nevio, depending on how you use noke, you can have touch id support. if you don't have auto-unlock on, you'd need your fingerprint to get inside your phone and get to the app to unlock it. we could require touch-id (or password as it is setup now) to launch the app when you've logged out. assuming that is as easy as i think it is, i'll have the guys add that to the app and we can see how well it works. i assume that's what you were referring to, right?
hi! i'm looking forward to getting my noke, please add touch id support in future ios app!
matthew, yes, we are probably going to see a few of those over the next couple months. it really is an industry that's ripe for disruption.
hey guys! not sure, if its a copy cat but someone definitely ripped off your idea and just put up a kickstarter for a bluetooth lock. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/803297985/the-quicklock-system-nfc-and-bluetooth-locking-sys…  seems super similiar
and the copycat is gone!
you're welcome!
stevens: thank you for bringing this to our attention. we have reported it to indiegogo.
looks like a copycat!  check out noke on #indiegogo! http://igg.me/p/1024303
alexander, as the project concluded, we said we would send updates every 2-3 weeks. that is still the plan. as i pointed out in our last update, i waited a little longer than i wanted because i wanted to get all the details from my trip to china. also, as i mentioned in the comment below, my next update is scheduled for this week, so we are still right on schedule for updates. at this stage of every project, there just isn't enough to report every week. i prefer to keep smaller details in the comment section (as i have done over the past few days) and larger, more detailed information in updates. by putting smaller details in the comments section, we can keep the emails a little less frequent and people will read them. if we send updates too often, people stop reading them. it's a fine line, but we do our best to keep you informed without spamming you. thanks.
i must say that i'm a little disappointed in your communication towards us.  i have the impression that while everything was going well and when a little help from us was needed there was no problem in sending a mail every week. but once you hit a small bump in the road, the updates become a lot more scarce. i understand that you feel that changing the factory was better for the project but i find it more difficult to accept the long silence and then slip in the "bad" news. i hope you will keep us updated regularly, no matter if its good news or bad news.
rl, yes, we are aware of this. we are still hoping to get our kickstarter orders out by march. because of the size of our factory, productions won't be a big issue. the biggest unknown right now is testing of the tooled units and software by about 100 beta testers. of course we need tooled samples to do this. with some luck, we may be able to complete this process before chinese new year and get some units before. if not, we will use cny as an opportunity to test further and have even ready to go when workers return after cny. as i mentioned in a previous post, we will know a lot more about timing early 2015 as tooling concludes and we start beta testing.
all china factory will close from mid of february to mid of march for the long holiday of chinese new year, i guess will delay to april.
crispin, we did win people's choice. i put a note on facebook, in these comments, and the comments in the last request for support. i am planning on writing an update this week that will include a thanks for the support as well as details on the progress of noke. i was a little reluctant about sending a third update so soon because i didn't want to overwhelm everyone with three so close together. we feel pretty good about delivery by late march but need a few more weeks before we can confirm it. some recent progress includes a working fob (still need to add some of the functionality to it, but we are optimistic about that), gps locations being generated and stored each time you use noke, more improvements to the hardware piece as we work with our new partners. in addition to the engadget award, we also received a ces design and engineering award choosing noke as the best product in the wireless handset accessories category. it's been an exciting couple weeks. i'll elaborate on everything in the next update.
hi guys, from scanning the comments here it sounds like you might have some news about the engadget competition? perhaps you could let us know since you emailed us quite a bit about requesting our support for this. more importantly, could you please let us know any further info on the delay estimate; i ordered 3 and two were gifts for people with birthdays in march (risky, i know) so it would be a big help to know whether i definitely need to make other plans. thanks a lot, i hope the new factory can find ways to speed production for you.
max and others, we spoke amongst ourselves here and wanted to figure out how to deal with the shipping discrepancies. here is what we have for you. when we launched noke on kickstarter, there was no way for us to charge different shipping fees for different countries. the fact is, they can vary significantly. so, the best way for us to allow for the various fees is to charge an average. in contrast, on our website, we can offer different rates for different countries. in some countries, with the slowest possible shipping method, it is a few dollars less than what we charged on kickstarter. if that's the case for you, email us at support@fuzdesigns.com and we can get you a credit. thanks.
did not notice that it comes without the bike mount. still $4 less than what i paid... any different box contents?
i can't get over the fact that i can get a noke on your website for $65 shipped internationally whereas i paid $30 more ($94). :(
daniel, we feel that anyone who preorders is helping to get noke off the ground and deserves a reduced price. once we start shipping, the rate will go up. we do thank you for your support for the engadget award. we have a large following from all our kickstarter campaigns, family, and friends that deserve some credit as well. thanks to all of you. regarding the fobs, we are still working on them and expect to have them as an option by the time we start shipping. offering them for free is not an option. they are expensive. there are entire kickstarter projects that are just fobs.
besides, you won the engadget thing because of our support....
creator: granted, you referred to it in the image as 'early backer kickstarter' pricing... it still implies exclusive pricing, but you know what they say when you ass-u-me. perhaps you can still triage with special pricing (or inclusion) of the fob. it would definitely go a long way for me.
juan carlos, we should have a really good idea about timing right around the first of the year as tooling wraps up.
hey guys a few updates ago you mentioned pushing back the noke a month or 2 but do you have an idea after which stage you plan to announce a ship date?  after the prototypes or after tooling starts?    thanks and congrats on the award its well deserved!
congrats guys.
congrats!
congrats on winning the reader's choice award for the engadget insert coin contest!
daniel, i totally appreciate your comment. we actually didn't offer any early-bird pricing because we wanted to keep everything as simple as possible. we are maintaining the lower price through the pre-order period. once we start shipping, the price will definitely go up. rl, the $4.99 shipping on our website is a different type of shipping than we plan to use for kickstarter backers. it's slow and not completely traceable. it gets there, but you get what you pay for.
yes, ks pledge mentioned $30 off retail price.  and i need to pay $15 shipping fee but on your website only $4.99?
in the intro page, you specified that $59 was the "early bird kickstarter price"
slightly disappointed that the preorder pricing is the same as kickstarter... it seems that there is no added value it supporting believing in you earlier than later... $0.02
thank your for all your support and kind words. this was all possible because of you. carlos, the money will be put to good use to make noke the best padlock on the market.
since you won does that mean an extra stretch goal for us? ;) haha
congratulations!!
well deserved win.. congratulation!
bob, don't be a stick in the mud ;) i've been working my butt off. just spent ten days in china. flew straight here for my weekend. so i promise we didnt take away any time from noke to do this. we were invited by engadget and it was an honor to be here. it wasn't an award for finished products. it was an award for products not yet released. we actually met dozens of our backers face to face this weekend who were able to give us feedback on noke and the app. what better way to make sure it is perfect for you? i understand this may look like a distraction, i promise it's our last "break" for quite a while. thanks for keeping the fire under us. by the way, thanks to all of your votes, we did win! thanks so much to all of you!
stop trying to win awards and just build it. you don't have a released product to win an award for.
just voted for noke on "insert coin engadget award". all the best!!
backed a project suitable for hiking and biking :) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/884605357/funnell-eject-wear-new-design
thanks :)
rl: yes. to preserve battery life, noke is asleep when not in use. so, to wake it, you simply click on the shackle and it will immediately search for a phone with a compatible key.
@creator, i need to click the noke every time when lock or unlock?
dave, i see you asked about becoming a distributor. we are working on distribution discussions now and we will be contacting you with further detail in the next few weeks. thanks.
hi there, i already send you guys 2 messages, but no reply at all. are you guys receive my messages?
alx0363 and rl, not at all surprised. this market is about to get big very fast and thusly, will attract copycats. i can assure you from a quality and feature standpoint, ours is going to be at the top. regarding pricing, nobody is going to be able to retail a bluetooth padlock any lower than where we are. our kickstarter price is very aggressive. just consider the bluetooth door locks that all start around $220 and go up from there. thanks for keeping us posted. we always like to keep our eyes on what's out there.
i see a similar product from china, look like 90% same as noke but cheaper (half price) and will in the market at end 2014 - early 2015. of course i don't know the quality :)
ok but my note is: it seems very close to your idea and product...
alx0363: 0 backers after 2 days. it looks like he will have a difficult time getting it funded which is unfortunate. perhaps it has something to do with a launch date that is 1 year out. we expect to have future noke products (other models) shipped before then so i would stay tuned for what's in store.
have a look: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/439440267/sonus-raider… different form but same function.....
ryo: we are still on track to begin shipping in february. delivery should take 1-2 weeks from the day we ship.
i live in japan. do you take how long is delivery? at the same, or will from time to keyfob is as possible out selection? i'm sorry some even ask you a question.and, i'm sorry in poor english.
dennis, not forgetting about you at all. i'm actually headed to china in 38 hours. i wanted to write an update last week but figured if i waited until later this week, i would have much more to cover. until i write the update, i'd like you to know we have been workings hard finalizing all the 3d files, making app improvements, finalizing and testing the server functionality for sharing, we are a finalist in the engadget insert coin contest that we will be attending at the end of next week, we presented at a conference for the bluetooth special interest group, and much more. as i write this, it's clear to me, the next update is going to be a long one :)
how are things going? we haven't had an update in quite sometime. don't forget about us :-)
albert, we are definitely going to look into that soon. shouldn't be too tough to do.
hey fuz, are you guys planning on expanding your app to wearables? or is there even a point to that?
isaac, yes, it will be no problem at all to use one key-fob with multiple noke.
it will be possible to use 1 keyfob for 2 noke ?
jeff: we are going to do a lot of stress testing on noke, including a saltfog test which is about the worst weather you can throw at a consumer electronic device. we need to have a tooled unit to do this test so we won't be conducing it until late november, early december. we'll publish the results to our backers.
hey jeff i think the fuz team is busy and not checking this page often.  please send them a direct message via the "contact me" link to the right.  please let us know what they say.  others here may have the same question.
saw the comment about working in the cold, what about in the heat?  i live in the desert, az,  where can be 115f+ and would be curious how it holds up in the sun. thanks!
temu, yes, the cable comes with a bike mount.
@creators. do you have a bike mount with the cable? thank you.
tim, yes, we plan on using backerkit which makes it really easy to add items. thanks
hi guys! quick question! i went for the noke with bike mount reward but also wanted to get another noke without the mount. will it be possible to add additional nokes when we confirm our details? look forward to receiving them!! tim
alex, yes, after 5 missed tries, it locks out for 30 minutes and can only be opened with the app during that 30 minute period.
hi, probably a old question but not found.... after many tries of morse code noke block this functionality as a stolen activity? (sorry for my poor english) thanks alex
michael: we can embed our software on the key fob at the factory. we can't do that with fitbit.
but how work the fobkey? we can't store physical bluetooth adress permantly in the noke? (sorry, i speak french)
michael: the device must allow for the noke app to be installed on it. an app cannot be installed on fitbit.
could i use my fitbit to unlock the noke? :d
andrey: thanks for the words of encouragement. we are considering it. the space is starting to get pretty crowded but you're right, nobody seems to be doing everything quite right.
+1 andrey kurapov
guys, i really wish that you create a smart door lock (a separate project). i desperately need one, as all existing products (goji, august, kevo) doesn't seem secure enough for me (against manual picking in particular). i know you could do it properly!
yeah, figure that would be the case. thanks for answering.
kelvin, noke would need a cellular antenna, a monthly service contract with a telecom provider, and a very large battery to send out alerts if tampered with. perhaps we could consider that on another much more expensive and larger version but not on this product.
hi, not sure if this has been asked, will noke send out alerts real time to inform the owner someone is messing with the lock?
martin, we have thought of all those scenarios. let me hit them one at a time. keyfobs- functionality not confirmed, but expected- can be disabled when near primary user or can be disabled by primary user when primary user is near noke. noke can only record history of someone who has app and has permission to open it. anyone who doesn't have app won't even be recognized by noke. noke will relay history by using the phone of the user. if the user doesn't have data access, they will pass along their access next time they do. user access will be given at different levels of security. no security would allow a user access forever unless revoked by primary user who is near noke. highest security would require user to access our servers every single time they tried to open noke. a couple mid level security levels would require secondary users to verify permission with our server daily, weekly, or monthly. we are considering adding some memory to noke to store access via quick click as well as any attempted quick click openings. noke would then pass those along to our servers next time it is opened by an authorized user. hopefully this makes sense. we will detail all of this further once it is official and once we've been able to replicate it with the fobs.
is the noke going to be capable of recording the unlock history? would be great if it did in conjunction with the fobs. for example it would be great to see who has accessed your storage locker and potentially lock them out... guessing you need to be near the noke to disallow a key fob once enabled. same could be true for shared access to a friends phone as there may not be network connectivity to let you know that your friend has opened the noke.
thomas, we have already performed testing down to -20c or about 0f. once we have tooled samples with all the proper seals, we can do more extensive testing and test to even colder temperatures. we will keep you posted on the progress in about 6 weeks.
i am a backer however with the impending winter coming down on us, it got me thinking. how well are these gonna work for the application i was planning to use them on? i have purchased and full intention of using these outdoors. i live in a very cold harsh environment during winter months. days have easily gotten below -10• fahrenheit. sometimes even colder. it definately has a negative affect on batteries when it gets that cold. will these work electronically, outdoor when it's one of these cold northern midwest winters?
@hendra, you misspelled physics.
thanks hendra for clearing that up for me.
@ hendra- awesome!!!
@hendra lol that made me laugh. kudos
@ clint ... trees ... rivers ... mountains are made by god . .... the rest ... made in china!
beware ! ! ! !  it's made in china ! ! ! !
well done guys!! excited to see the updates :) the protective case sounds brilliant :d
happy for you guys! welldone! keep it going... :-)
thank you all for your support. this would not have been possible without all of our backers and we will never forget that. we are still planning on making the cover and will announce pricing as soon as we know the final costs.
congratulations on $650k! can't wait for my new nokes to come! like peter said, i would also really like a cover for them. any estimate for a price?
congratulations for securing 650 k and exceeding your previous record (everdock project). now the hard part is to wait for february!!
peter, if the interest is high enough, we will tool for it and make it available as an add-on in backerkit. we will make sure it is inexpensive.
i'm totally happy that this was such a success! i can't wait to get my pair of the noke. but unfortunately we didn't hit the second stretch goal. i was really hoping we get the free protective cover, silicone. is that offer still available to us faithful backers?
congrats! what a fantastic campaign
well done guys. that's a tremendous result, for a deserving idea. now you've got the funds to perfect it. gfi.
thank you, for what i am sure is an excellent product. i assume you will follow up purchases with a support service & a warranty on your products? good luck to you all, & thank you for the updates. looking forward to delivery.
sensational guys, i haven't been this excited about a product for ages!
congrats guys.
we will be sending out an update in the next 24 hours with all the details. the short version is, we continue to develop, we keep giving you updates, we will send the survey in a few months, you'll give us your mailing address, pick your color, chose add-ons, then we will ship your noke in february. for any questions, please feel free to email us directly at support@fuzdesigns.com
congratulations! can't wait to get one!
what now �
welldoneguys !!!
congratulations!
congrats fuz! can't wait for february :d
congrats!
thanks everyone! we really appreciate your support. you've all been so fun to work with. we can't wait to deliver noke to all of you.
congrats and there we go!
congrats with this great campaign. respect for your involvement
johan, yes, and through backerkit.
@creator can i assume it will be possible to buy an extra bike mount through you webpage later?
rl, that's a very standard size, so it will fit just fine.
thanks creator, my seat post around d.31mm, is that fit to it?
rl, the mount will be designed primarily for tubes the size of a seat-post. it will have some adjustment, but not enough to be used on the frame of a bike with thick bars. if there is enough interest in a shorter cable, we should be able to do it. we will follow up with a survey in a few weeks. alvin, thanks so much for your support.
hi creator, will you made shorter cable (1m) for us to choice? and the bike mount suitable thick tube or just for seat post?
thanks! pledged $190 for 3 nokes and 2 cables with $15 delivery :)
thanks, "creator" ;-)
mario, we met the first one and noke will be offered in the gray color and black. so, please, no worries there at all. we are just cleaning up the page because it locks in once the funding period ends in an hour. we want everything to be relevant to people who may stumble upon it in a few months. garrick, it will work for you too. basically, anyone who ordered more than one noke was offered the ability to add cables for $15 each.
hi...what happened to the stretch goals that were listed?
hello there.  you offered to dennis (6 days ago) to pledge $123 for two noke and one cable set (plus $15 non-us shipping).  was that offer open to anyone, or specifically for him?
alvin, you'll want to pledge $175 now because the cables will be $20 each in the backerkit survey we send out later.
i am pledging for 3 nokes ($145) and would like to buy 2 cables for $15 each. should i pledge the amount of $175 now or $145 now and then pay the $30 later? please revert quickly. thanks.
kc, you will be able to indicate it on the survey that we send out after the funding period ends. jitesh, we certainly won't vanish. make sure to check out our other two projects and you will see we continue to post updates regularly. thanks for the reminder though. i agree with you, it is always very important to stay engaged with the people who got us here.
@ creators just one request. don't just vanish from ks after the campaign is over. i have seen many projects which are really awesome but failed miserably after the campaign. even if you take out 10 min every week and keep backers informed. it will be taken positively.  good luck.  jitesh
i am getting the 3 nokes pack, so can i add another $15 to the pledge to get one cable? where do i indicate the extra cable?
ville-sakari, we have tested noke down to about 0f or -20c. we are planing on conducting more aggressive testing once we have tooled samples. we will definitely post those results. thanks
i was wondering how it will handle sub-zero temperatures. it seems that the battery this uses is a lithium battery, but we'll see. do you have any thoughts about this? this project is awesome, thank you fuz!
rashpal, we may consider offering different length cables if there is enough demand for it. i'll be sure to ask on a survey in the coming weeks. john, agreed, thanks.
fuz you could allow add ons like the request from utku, you would just use backerkit for final processing.  i am loving your project, and keep up the good work.
if there's any chance to have the bike cable in a shorter 1m/3ft setup that would be awesome, that fits my needs perfectly and reduces the overall weight.
utku, we haven't decided for sure exactly how that will be handled. as an add-on, we wouldn't be able to do the discounts on multiple units like we have on kickstarter now.
hello, i have 2 questions for you: would we be able to add more noke as an add-on before shipping? and would it be more expensive than now? thank you
kirk, the key-fob is not a sure thing. we are developing it now and will do everything we can to make it available at the same time we ship noke. assuming we are able to accomplish this, it will be an available add-on. we are fairly confident we will be able to do it. the features we would add to the key-fob (in addition to opening noke) would primarily be to locate the fob with your phone or find your phone with the fob. thanks.
so is the key-fob a go for sure? and what about the extra features you "lock" any of those down for the key-fob?
awesome, glad to see you guys aren't going the cheap way on materials and here to make a good product and not in it completely for money.
mac, we are using a boron hardened steel for the shackle that will make it quite resistant to bolt cutters. eventually, anything (especially a dremel) can get through a padlock, but we want to make it as difficult as possible.
almost forgot, i didn't see this anywhere either, how would the lock hold against bolt cutter/lock cutter?
mac, thanks so much for your help spreading the word.
yes thank you very much on the quick reply, proud backer, have posted it to all my social pages and each time got a few heads turned toward it! great job you guys!
mac, no problem at all. it will stay locked. you can then use an external replacement battery to give it enough power to open it and then replace the battery. check out the photos about half way down our page to see what i mean about the replacement battery part. you can also check out our last couple updates to read even more about it. thanks.
i have 1 main concern. how will the lock react to if the battery was to die? will it stay locked and be unable to open or will it unlock itself? sorry if this question was already asked.
1 more day!!
matthew, we haven't decided for sure, but it seems like a good idea. with a little luck, maybe we make it anyway and we won't need to worry about it. stranger things have happened.
hey guys!!! if for some reason we dont reach the 3rd stretch goal, could we opt to pay a few extra dollars for the cover?
jacob: thank you for your kind words. it is our pleasure.  kirpa: because you are ordering so many units, you can get the cables at $15 each
hi, i've backed 10 noke, would like to add about 4-5 cables, how much do i pledge in per cable?
thanks for answering all of my questions. i love your product and can't wait for it to be delivered! you really have the best support and are the most open about your development!
andrew, thanks. it's been a solid day. let's hope this momentum continues. we really want to do the cover. let's see how the next 42 hours go.
600k guys! awesome
jacob, what about auto-unlock on a per phone per noke basis? ex. auto-unlock for my phone but not my tablet.  it's on a per noke basis is this going to be managed through an account system? or through the individual phone/tablet? you will create an account on our servers (probably going to be amazon web service) that will handle all the secondary users to whom you give access. the primary data stays mostly on your primary device. will there be a way to remotely disable a phone/tablet if it is lost? yes, using the cloud service, you can revoke access from any device you like. can i protect the app with touch id? :)  we will look to add that now that apple is opening it up. if you have auto-unlock turned off, you can also use touch id or any password protection on the device to keep people from accessing your noke. if managed through an account system, will you support two factor authentication? i think the current climate is probably going to make that mandatory by the time we launch :) but seriously though, thank you so much for being amazing! my pleasure.
awesome! what about auto-unlock on a per phone per noke basis? ex. auto-unlock for my phone but not my tablet. is this going to be managed through an account system? or through the individual phone/tablet? will there be a way to remotely disable a phone/tablet if it is lost? can i protect the app with touch id? :) if managed through an account system, will you support two factor authentication? but seriously though, thank you so much for being amazing!
jacob, we aim to please. no apologies necessary for the questions. here you go: will i be able to use multiple devices to access noke? yes will you ever have support for windows 8.1 tablets? assuming it is just a simple port of the phone version, i don't see why not. how about only using auto unlock for some devices and not others? yes, you can make that specific to each noke. will i be able to use multiple fobs for one noke and one fob for multiple nokes?  yes. it's all set up in the app. keep in mind, we haven't promised the fob for launch, but we are doing everything we can to make it happen. will i need to be by the lock to setup a fob to access it? no, but the fob will need to be near a smartphone with the app on it to be programed to work with the specific noke. will i need to be by the lock to setup another device to access it? no, again, that is done via the app and then sent to the other device through the cloud.
by device i mean another phone/tablet owned by me.
:d thanks for the quick response! best support i've seen for any kickstarter project! i've got a couple more questions though (sorry): will i be able to use multiple devices to access noke? will you ever have support for windows 8.1 tablets? how about only using auto unlock for some devices and not others? will i be able to use multiple fobs for one noke and one fob for multiple nokes? will i need to be by the lock to setup a fob to access it? will i need to be by the lock to setup another device to access it? thanks in advance and sorry for so many questions!
jacob, yes, $15 is perfect if you've purchased 3 noke. no, you don't need to be near noke to give somebody access to it. you just do it in the app and the person is given access through the cloud.
can i add $15 for a cable if i pledged for 3 locks? also, will i have to be next to the lock to add someone to it?
rashpal, great question. we haven't finalized it for sure yet. with any metal except gold and copper, and possibly a few more, if you plan on doing anything different than just "silver" color, you need to use some method to add the color. anodizing is really popular with aluminum, especially if it is cnc'd. paint is a popular option. powder coating is a very strong option, much more so than traditional paint. chrome plating is another option that is commonly used on the shackles of locks and lots of other automotive parts. finally, electroplating is a common way to give a nice finish. we initially planned on using powder coating. it gives a very attractive, strong finish. it is used on several locks. it is very resistant to scratching or peeling, etc. much more so than anodized aluminum and many other finishes. however, after doing some research, i want to leave the door open to electroplating as well. i think we will ultimately choose powder coating, but i want to have the option to use electroplating if it is as durable as powder coating. once we get more samples and can start doing the torture testing, i think the winner will be obvious. thanks for the question.
thanks for clarifying the weights of the cable and mount. and can you tell if the black colour lock stretch goal option is inherent colour or painted black and likely to chip off in time?
frederic, thanks. we will make sure we continue to impress. leslie, sorry i must have missed this before. the shackle itself is 7mm thick. the distance between the shackles is 20mm. let me know if you need anything else.
2nd request - what is the width of the shackle - the sole purpose of this purchase is to secure my yard - without this information i will be forced to cancel my pledge
joining the party pretty late: as a nokia trainer, windows phone support was essential. :-) if this project is running as the everdock project, we are in for a fantastic ride!  that was my best backed project! a lot of updates, the best after sales service...
rashpal, sorry we have answered that a few times but have forgotten to add it to the faqs. due to your request, i just updated the faqs with this data: the cable will be approximately 6ft or 2m long, 3/8in or 10mm thick, and about 1lb or 450 grams in weight. the mount will add a couple oz or about 60 grams. thanks.
how much does the bike cable and mount weigh, in gramms?
thank you!!!
grant, you're right. sorry, got a couple emails about the usb cable we mentioned in our update and i made the wrong assumption. thanks. eric and temu, the cable for noke is about 3/8 in or 10mm thick. it is pretty tough but not ultra thick. we want it to be useful for about everyone without being too bulky. if you live in a really rough neighborhood, you can always get a beefier one and lock it with noke.
@fuz designs i think @eric might be talking about the bike cable?
i hate to ask a stupid question but where is information/link for the cable? thank you
jared, thanks for your continued support grant, once they finalize the specs, we should be able to make an adapter that will work like we did with the juicies cable eric, i don't know a lot about them but they should be similar. you may want to ask them directly on their page. thanks
question about the cables:  how secure are them?  how do they compare with options already on the market?
major question is going to be are the belay cords compatible with everdock ??
wow that offer to hugh was to huge to pass up.  upped to a 3 pack + 1 cable for $15.  now i gotta find more things to lock. hehe
jw, raising your pledge is perfect for now and then you'll be able to choose them when we send you the survey after the project.
hello i changed my pledge from 2 with cables & mounts to 3, but i don't know where to add $40.00 for 2 cables and mounts. is that am option i need to do after pledging is complete? thanks
maya: please send us a message via the noke page or to our email address at support@fuzdesigns.com and we can help you with your request.
i'm getting 5 locks, should $15 for cable? looking to add 2 cables
michael, we will consider it. hugh, because you are ordering that many units, $15 will be ok.
3 nokes already pledged. want to add one cable/mount kit. is it +$15 or +$20? great job on cnbc this am!
regarding the quick-click "without phone or key" opening procedure, may i suggest that you add, in addition to the morse code option, an option for the user to use clicks and pauses between clicks? that would be a more easy-to-remember way for numerical combinations, like 123: click, pause, click click, pause, click click click...
thanks guys. it would be nice if we could put those required markings inside the battery compartment.
congratulations on the cnbc coverage, well done! i'm so excited about this lock, can't wait for it! regarding markings on the product, a "ce" mark would also be required to be able to import it into the eu, along with a declaration of conformity - so that customs doesn't confiscate the product, as happened initially with the pebble watch.
fantastic job on the interview.
ramon, we would love to do it. we are running out of time, but we have put out a request. we will see what happens.
cnbc down, now hit up the today show.  i'm sure you guys have heard about the coolest cooler here on ks and when ryan (the founder) brought that thing on the today show, they generated an extra million dollars just on that last day of the campaign.  go for it fŪz!!!
check us out on cnbc: http://video.cnbc.com/gallery/…
timitheus, tanks for the compliment. we are planning on preventing quick click access for somewhere between 15-30 minutes after 5 failed attempts. bluetooth access would still work during that time, but not quick click. we can't push any detail to the owner unless the intruder is somebody who already has our app on their phone, in which case, it is probably somebody you've already authorized.
another idea regarding security... how about shutting down the lock for good after 3 failed attempts, push-notification to the owner, unlocking only possible with some kind of identification from the owner...? i think that'd be the best solution...? by the way: this really is a great product with tremendous potential and i am very excited about the lock!!!
andrey, thanks for the compliment, we thought our backers might like it. regarding the constant pressed condition, that is a very astute observation and we are already planning on that. thanks so much for your insight. made in college, thank you for the compliment as well. congratulations on the success of your project as well. it's about time somebody finally figured out a solution to that problem.
amazing product from an amazing team. super stoked.
and one more question: what will happen if someone intentionally keeps the noke in the 'pressed' condition (with insulation tape for example, or after hammer strike). will it constantly drain the battery? i suggest to have a timeout - go to sleep after 1 minute of constantly pressed button.
hey, guys! i just wanted to say, your idea with the battery contacts is super clever. awesome! now i'm pretty happy and feel secure with such an emergency option.
paul, great question. i love people who think like you. because there are just 2 possible options (long or short) your calculations are correct. also, because of that we have made the number of presses to be a minimum of 6 and a maximum of 16. 6 gets you 64 "combinations". we feel that is the minimum a user should consider. of course, 16 gives you many times more. in addition to that, we are having noke lock you out for several minutes once you've incorrectly tried 5 times. of course, you can still access noke with bluetooth after 5 tries, but no more quick clicks for several minutes. this will keep users at bay for a very long time as they are trying to guess the combinations. sfox, yes, we are adding some ics between the contacts and the pcba for overload protection. jared, thanks so much. we really appreciate your support.
great update.  i'm upping my pledge. like the thorough thought process @sfox and @paul sandhu
@creator:  i like the idea of being able to use another battery to power the noke if the internal battery is dead.  but with external access to the internal power supply circuit, have you added the appropriate internal circuitry to protect it against someone trying to intentionally damage the noke?  for example, what would happen if someone put 120v/240v ac on those external power connectors?
i love this idea and applaud you for bringing it to market. i just have one minor concern.  if i understand your description correctly,  there are five long or short clicks (2 options per click) to manually open the lock, which makes only 32 possible combinations (2 to the 5th power).   if the lock name, 'noke' is on the front, an enterprising thief could learn about the clicking mechanism online and quickly cycle through these options.   is there a black-out period between opening attempts to make this more difficult?   or perhaps i misunderstood the mechanism.   please advise. if i am correct, at the risk of making the combination harder to remember, how about a black-out period (perhaps after every 2-3 failed attempts, etc...) and increasing the number of clicks (eg 7 clicks would be 128 possibilities, etc...).  please advise.   sorry if someone else has already asked this; on quick review i didn't see it mentioned in the extensive earlier comments. thanks paul
see you on cnbc tomorrow at 11:45 eastern. thanks for all your support!
dennis, sorry about the postage. it's not cheap for any of us. on the bright side, your exchange rate is very favorable compared to those of us on this side of the pond.
@creator cool that's $138 paid for 2 nokes, 1 bike cable and uk postage. grr at having to pay more for postage :-( let me know how you get on with the "sold secure"
abdul, i just responded to your email. it would be a tough fit for that particular application.
@creator. just send my residential picture and dimension and some of my concern related to it to support@fuzdesigns.com kindly reply to it. thanks.
dennis, how about choosing the two pack and adding $15 for the cable. that would be a total of $123. thanks so much for your support.
hi i've back you guys with one noke and cable but i'm wondering how much it would be to add just another lock. thanks
drjholc, of course. we mentioned it in our update yesterday and will discuss further as we learn more about the apple watch. apple hasn't released the specs yet, but one can assume it has bluetooth 4.0 and we do know it allows developers to make apps, so it should be a piece of cake to make an app for it.
any plans to make an app for use with the apple watch?
paul, thanks so much for your support. we are certainly planning on it.
i am getting 2 locks now, but i really hope you do a heavier version later on.
thomas, sure, the price per unit for a 3-pack without cable is $48.33. just go ahead and select the 3-pack with cable and add $48.33 to the pledge level and that will get you the fourth noke. thanks for your continued support.
hi, i wanted to know if i would be able to add a noke to an existing pledge level.  im considering upping my pledge to the 3 noke with bike cable, but what if i wanted a forth noke without the cable?  is there any way to make that work without creating a second account?
abdul, i think i understand, and yes, it is no problem to unlock when placed sideways. if you want to follow up with a photo, just email us at support@fuzdesigns.com and we can go into more detail.
@creator.  can noke be unlocked when is placed sideways?  currently for a singapore residential gate the distance between holes for the shackles is 22mm which is bigger than noke if placed vertically.  i will provide you a picture via dm perhaps tomorrow.
jw: simply select the 3 noke pack (no cable) and add $20 to your pledge for each cable and bike mount you'd like. in your case, you will add $40 to your pledge.
hello,  i was looking to change my commitment from 2 complete kits (locks, cables, mounts) to 3 locks as you directed but i did not find any option to add 2 kits (cable and mount).  before i change my original bid can you advise please?  thanks jw
rl, thanks for bringing this to our attention. this is the 6th time they've tried this over there. we've been able to shut it down each time before it is really live but it is getting very annoying. thanks for bringing this to our attention.
@creator  scam on indiegogo?  https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/noke-the-world-s-first-bluetooth-padlock--6/x/7459157
dennis, we will definitely look into getting noke tested as a "sold secure" lock. they look like a pretty legitimate organization. regarding the encryption, it's pretty intense. scroll down to the bottom of our main kickstarter page and look at the faqs to learn more.
@creator i was wondering if your lock will be meet security standards? i.e. in the uk for insurance purposes, locks needs to meet the "sold secure" for us to be able to claim on insurance if required. do you think your locks would meet these requirements? also with regards to the app and keyfob i was wondering if it incorporated any kind of encryption (i'm sure you do but its just to put my mind at rest when i'm locking up an expensive item) :-)
@creator i saw you mentioned the peble watch in the comments of the second to last update.  that would be so awesome if the pebble could work with noke!!!
jean-stefane, a universal solution sure would be nice. hopefully we find something suitable as we research our options. thomas, we may be able to do something like that. we've thought about it and have a few concepts that could work. we will probably create a few mockups for all of you to vote one before we decide on the final solution. thanks.
@ creator: i had a question about the silicone or plastic cover goal.  from the image it looks like the cover can be sliped on or off while the noke is in the locked position.  is it possible to design the cover to slip on and off but only from the unlocked position.  that way someone cant just walk up to the lock and peel off the cover.
great update and very sound way forward! you guys don't disappoint. a couple of thoughts; first, i would love to be able to use my noke fob with other systems. i would love to use it with lockitron (when i get it - sigh - or use it for the presence features of ninja sphere. of course, it would also be nice to use other ble tags with noke, for instance tagr, or with the kevo fob for instance. i look forward to the days of a single solution .... i also like the idea of a shape that compatible with the blockey holder ... better yet, embedded in a blockey holder. but this will likely be beyond the timelines of this project.  but there is tremendous potential for collaboration :) thanks! i know you guys are working on a great product!
johan, we will consider all options, including seeing if any existing solutions would make for a good partnership. we have concluded our backers want it. now we have some time to make sure we do it right.
just posted an update regarding the potential for a key-fob. here is the short version. 75% of you want one. 75% of you want the extra functionality. we are 90% sure we are going to make it available, but we need time to prototype and test it. we don't want to add anything to our project, and let you commit additional money, until we are 100% sure we can deliver it. we assume we will be able to do this in the next couple months and we will let you know once it's confirmed. at that point, you will be able to add to your pledge using backerkit. we think this is the right thing to do. it keeps things simple and doesn't expose us or you to a potential issue where we find it just doesn't function exactly how we want it to. it also helps us avoid any delays if we find it takes a little longer than expected. thanks so much for completing the survey and providing comments and suggestions about this. like i said, we are about 90% sure we will do it and it should be no problem to have it available by the time we launch noke. we just want to be 100% sure before we make any commitments or take any money.
i like the key-fob.. but it'll be more awesome if u guy can design it to hold our other normal keys, similar to blockey. or better yet, just partner with them! so anyone buying blockey can have the option to purchase noke with the electronics implemented in their blockey, and those who buy noke will have the option to get blockey+electronic fob.. (hope u guys understand me, dont know how to explain it).. i think everyone will love the idea and its a win-win situation for both companies..
i like the key-fob.. but it'll be more awesome if u guy can design it to hold our other normal keys, similar to blockey. or better yet, just partner with them! so anyone buying blockey can have the option to purchase noke with the electronics implemented in their blockey, and those who buy noke will have the option to get blockey+electronic fob.. (hope u guys understand me, dont know how to explain it).. i think everyone will love the idea and its a win-win situation for both companies.. (hey both ur companies have similar name too! fuse and fuz..)
grant, no, don't pledge any extra money at this time. i'm going to send out an update in a little bit addressing our plans for the key fob.
do we add $15 now to our pledge for a key fob and if the idea isn't popular enough then will we be charged $15 anyways
ahmad, not to worry. we will get there one way or another.
i think the silicone or plastic cover is a must! please consider adding it even if you don't reach the stretch goal :) best of luck!
yes, or forget a combination or even have a key hole get stuck. we had that happen at our office last month. nothing is perfect but we will do all we can to assure noke is as reliable as possible.
thanks for the response i was expecting:). bit of the risk in the digital age i guess. but hey, in the analog world you can also lose your keys right:).
barry, thanks so much. as with traditional locks that may have an issue, some bolt cutters may be able to get you out of the jam. but one thing i can assure you will work is a dremel. those cut through anything.
as an earlier backer of your products i trust on noke being nothing more then perfect and if it breaks support channels will be excellent:). the thing is that in that one occasion it breaks and doesn't communicate anymore, how would one unlock it?
congratulations everyone on reaching our first stretch goal. we are very excited to make the black noke available and can't wait until we reach the next stretch goal to make the cover available. we really appreciate all your help. abdul, the distance between the shackle is 20mm and the diameter of each shackle is 7mm. yes, we plan to use a 2032 watch battery for the fob that will be user replaceable. barry, noke will come with a manufacturer warranty of 1 year that would cover anything like that. in addition, the electronics on noke should be very long lasting and last much much longer than that.
ok might be a stupid question or maybe it has been answered already. what happens when the noke dies? not battery empty but electronic failure?
@abdul the battery was my main question as well.
@creator.  also, is battery of the key fob similar to noke? easy to find and replace?
i really hope fellow backers support the idea of key fob especially does who live with the elderly.
@creator.  what is the in between hole width of noke?  i like to know it work for singapore residential gate which is 22 mm apart.
i'm going to have to agree with @renrid. there's nothing we will be able to say or do short of getting the @creator to make these a stretch goal to satisfy @cc. let's not make this a big deal and give him his opinion and respect his point of view
i'm aware of my options.   and i'm not a troll. i am a backer who doesn't want to be ripped off.
cc no ones forcing to pay extra!!
please, stop feeding the troll.
@creator patents wouldn't allow this to happen. but if they do in the future i'm sure they will learn from this and include it in the original price.
"if we were to start this project over, the cost would be the same and we would still make it something purchased separately so individual users with one lock wouldn't have to waste money with extra fobs. i hope that makes sense." it doesn't make sense. i don't think backers should have to waste money with buying extra fobs either. they should come with the lock in the first place. come on guys you had a clean campaign going to this point.
conscious, thanks. btw, how much do those other guys charge for their key-fob? i couldn't find it on their site?
i'm just saying... asking me to pay 25% more for the fob is ridiculous. you don't have to agree with the customer. and i'm sure you'll get many people forking another 25% out of their wallet for you guys. it just leaves me with a terrible taste in my mouth.  i really hope as a backer that you reconsider. i will continue to follow up with you guys until the end of the campaign about doing the right thing and turning it into a stretch goal.
conscious, that's where we disagree. i don't think it's necessary. personally, i wouldn't buy it. i don't need it for my usage. i'd rather get a lower price and not be forced to pay for something i don't need. further, we had over 4,600 backers who loved noke at $59 without a fob. if some people think having a key-fob for $15 )or an advanced fob with extra features for $20 is worth doing), then we are glad to offer it. plus, i'm sure there are several backers that will buy a few locks buy just one fob. if we were to start this project over, the cost would be the same and we would still make it something purchased separately so individual users with one lock wouldn't have to waste money with extra fobs. i hope that makes sense.
i am stuck between getting this lock and the new sky lock coming out for my bike.  anybody else considering between the two as well?  this would be a cheaper option but is it as durable and secure? https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/skylock-the-worlds-first-solar-powered-connected-bike-lock
your making us pay more than 25% more for an accessory that should have came standard... think about that.
you guys dropped the ball on charging us a whole 25% more for the fob. you should have included it in my opinion. it just doesn't make sense not to include a piece that should be included anyway. not you make a mess out of this campaign by forcing people to adjust payments and have to pay more for an item that should have been included in the initial launch of this project.
jacob, so sorry i missed you the first time. yes, we plan on using backerkit. they certainly make it easier to manage random add-ons and things like that. thanks for your question.
will you be using something like backerkit so that people can add on to their pledge over the reward price and get other things? (for example, get the two noke pack but add $20 for one bike mount.)
michael, don't give up on the open source. there was a little miscommunication between us about it. we are still very open to it. we just want to make sure we do it right. regardless of what we do, we will have some of you help us beta test it to work out the kinks. jacob, yes you can reassign it and yes it could control more than one noke. beat, i hear ya. we don't disagree. it's the doing it right part that we want to make sure we manage before we make any promises. conscious consumer, the amount of funds raised had nothing to do with it. this is an expensive item. it has a battery, a pcba, several ics, and a bluetooth chip. it's also going to require significant tooling and some programing. there is no way we could do this for free. all other projects that make items like this charge about $20. also, this was never planned. it was never on the radar until last week when we had a few people ask us about it. if we would have over charged for the noke by itself, we could have added it for "free", but we are already selling the noke at slim margins. as a point of reference, kevo (a deadbolt version of a bluetooth lock) includes a fey-fob (without the extra functionality we are proposing) but it costs $220. if you buy noke and a key-fob, it would cost about $79. if you feel like you need the key-fob, maybe you can just look at it as a $79 product with a key-fob included. that's still a great deal. james, we haven't decided on serial numbers for sure yet, but they will easily be able to remain separate for different users. you can combine them if you want or keep them separate. it all depends on how you set them up in the app. thanks everyone.
@conscious consumer they are already giving us a great deal with kickstarter prices as well as taking into account out ideas and desires for this project. how is it any less greedy for you to expect to get it for free?
is there going to be serial # or something to differentiate between 3 or more can't do passwords alike for security reasons .
the fob should have been included anyways. seems like a no brainer for people who don't want to drag there phones around or have to remember another password.   figure it out and get the fob added as a stretch goal, instead of tacking it on like the guy ryan did with the battery pack on the coolest cooler.   you know we all are invested in the product now, so instead of doing the right thing and giving us a nice stretch goal. you know you can charge us for this item because you know we are already passed the tipping point.   bummed.
that is wack you not including the fob as a stretch goal.  even after 400,000 plus in extra funding. greedy.
@low how chung and @creator: actually open-source security and closed-source security is an already deeply debated topic: all security experts agree that "security by obscurity" is bad security. a top security expert (bruce schneier) goes one step further: "security by obscurity means insecurity". an excellent short read from him is here: https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/02/the_insecurity_2.html definitiions: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/security_through_obscurity https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/open_security so, technically, open source is a no-brainer for security-devices. from a business point of view, it requires a good analysis and a bit of courage. i'm running a 100% open-source software business, and we're doing fine since almost 10 years. other heavyweights and lightweights too are doing fine too. so it can be a durable business-model. actually, as long as you engage with your community and treat it honestly, listening to it and cooperating with it, you'll do great. for most customers, open-source or closed-source won't make a big difference, but for opinion-leaders, and for a community like the one you gathered here on kickstarter, it will make a huge difference. so looking forward to your decision before increasing my pledge. hope you will make it before the last days. :-)
also, will you be using something like backerkit so that people can add on to their pledge over the reward price and get other things? (for example, get the two noke pack but add $20 for one bike mount.)
would i be able to reassign the fob whenever i want to different nokes? would the fob be able to be used for multiple nokes?
@low chong hung: open source means: more people can look for security flaws. if one is found, it is more likely to be reported and immediately fixed with open source than with closed source. in a project like this, probably even before the first main production run is shipped.  so open source would *improve* the security. closed source would delay the process, with a popular project like this, one can assume that the software would be reverse engineered eventually. then it depends on the people who did that if a potential flaw is just exploited, or also reported to the manufacturer. but then all the locks are in the field already. so: open source is better and more secure.
jw: simply select the noke 3 pack (no cable) and add $20 for each cable/mount you'd like. in your case, you will add $40.  low: good question. you can get arguements from both sides as to what is more secure. as an example, look at apple vs google's mobile operating system. apple's os (ios) is closed and google's (android) is open. apple would argue there's is more secure but google would argue there's is more secure. at this point, we don't plan on making noke's code open source.
i have no knowledge in programming.  i am wondering, will it compromise the security of noke if software is open source?
hello i have pledged for 2 complete kits ( locks, cable, bike mount) and would like to add a third lock (not cable, mount). do i add another bid or will there be an option to add addition product at the end? thanks
@beat: +1 on open source!  a security product that has reached this much attention already will not benefit from 'security by obscurity', but it will definitely benefit from community-driven improvements, as already nicely explained by beat.
wow $500k right around the corner.  keep up the sharing folks.  gonna bust past this one well before the deadline.
we are looking into the possibility of making the code open source. given that this is a security product, there are some pretty serious pros and cons for each and we want to make sure we do the right thing. we will keep you posted as we get closer to a final decision.
my mistake i got my projects mixed up. i have no idea if they plan on making it open source. my apologies for the incorrect information
hi ya @beat!!
@beat i was under the impression that the creator had already planned on making this an open source project
hi @creator, i decided to back your project too. oh, @asterix, you very active here too ? cool! and hi ! @creator, i have a question (asterix sure already guessed it lol): would you agree to make your project open-source software (both lock firmware and phone-application) if you reach 5x times your goal ? if you think about it, it would make a lot of sense: you would establish a leadership on an awesome new solution, wind down any security concerns by allowing all security experts to scrutinize your code, and be able to actively provide security updates as security technology evolves. you would leave wanabe copycats back in the dust, as you (and not another company choosing open-source at your place) would benefit from all community contributions that would be unleashed by an open-source license. and it would be a great strech goal. i for sure would double my contribution. hiding your software source won't make copy cats copy slower, to the contrary, copy-cats take the main ideas and implement them quick-and-dirty, they anyway won't bother trying to understand your software. on the other side, open-source copies and improvements will benefit you, as the development leader, as they would have to have the same license, allowing you to reuse improvements from others, keeping you the leader as long as you actively develop and improve your solution. finally it's also a win for your customers and the whole community here at large. just think about it, discuss it internally, look around, and let us know what your decision is. other large kickstarter projects (e.g. pebblebe) have agreed to my proposal to have a courageously reachable open-source stretch-goal, and reached it! tl;dr: open-source makes a lot of sense for security products, and is what makes companies embracing the small step true leaders.
gary: simply select the noke 2 pack reward level and add $20 for the cable. thank you for your support.
hi there - i pledged for a noke with the cable - would like to add another noke (no cable) - appreciate if you let me know how to solve - thx
cdyrssen, interesting ideas. maybe for noke 2. abdul, we are definitely considering a dongle you could attach to your keychain. it would be easy. we'd have to charge for it but it could be a nice addition. maybe we should create a simple survey on the next update to gauge interest. thanks for the reminder.
@creator. any update of creating a bluetooth dongle or smart key tag for the elderly? smart key tag similar to the url below which is used by havenlock http://static.squarespace.com/static/535ac4a6e4b01f84b6d34a73/t/53a266d8e4b0a181d6553bb7/1403152290253/… i have asked earlier in which the elderly doesn't have smartphone and certainly won't use the tap code.
i guess you wouldn't really need a secondary device to record that data? it could be stored internally on the padlock?
hey guys. just recently hopped on to this project and read through all the comments. there seems to be a lot of requests for some way to know if the lock was tampered with. i understand your points that an accelerometer would drain the battery. however, would it be possible to leave a separate device or dongle with its own battery attached to lock by its shackle that records this data for later viewing? this is just me thinking aloud and i realize it is not a perfect nor ideal solution as it would be yet another device to keep track of and charged, but just thought i would get the idea out to everyone and the creators for thoughts to chew on and dissect. this wouldn't necessarily be apart of this campaign but may be offered at a later date as an add-on for functionality. i haven't really explored any of the details of how it would work exactly but my intuition is that there could be merit to such a device. maybe it has its own bluetooth connection to the padlock and records anytime the lock is clicked without an authorized phone nearby? it would still have the limitation of not being able to send real time updates unless it had data/cellular service as well as needing to be recharged but at least it could inform you of any activity whenever you returned to your lock. i'm sure others with more experience could expand and change this design to make something useful out of it.
alexander, thanks. all good thoughts about the cover. we are still exploring options there. we certainly haven't locked down that part. as a stretch goal, we feel like we have some flexibility and we will probably solicit more input in the coming weeks. regarding strength and waterproofing, we have made several tweaks there that i plan to detail in an upcoming update. you'll really like what we've done. the shape is still intact but we improved the seals and seams and added internal bracing to make noke even tougher than before.
i just wanted to recommend clear for the silicon case. or tpu would be even better. especially while using this for a bike or outdoors. also i would like for improvements on the the water sealing and how rugged the noke is. only suggestions. thank you for your consideration.
nguoi, we are in the process of testing that and windows mobile right now. we should have a report in about one week. please check back then. wanna, your mobile is what sends the data to the cloud. same with secondary users.
@creator [wanna, history data is sent to the cloud and you have access to it as the primary user.] is that mean, the lock can access itself to  a cloud or my mobile which i use to unlock is connect to cloud to store the history log? and the same go to other secornary user will send history access up to cloud? yes, i prefer the idea that keep the lock batt long use more than year, rechange it every few months is troblesome.
@creators, i'm using blackberry z10.it have bluetooth 4.0.can i use app of android on this device work with padlock ?
asterix, gotcha. that makes much more sense now. yes, this feature would be useful for a lock that could communicate over long distances with cellular or other long-range rf transmission. in that type of lock, the added cost and hit to battery life would be negligible as well.
@creators, i heard that a thief can heat the lock and cool it suddenly to open it. hence my suggestion of alerting user of drastic changes in temperature. my suggestions are not for this ks campaign as i merely want to think aloud. i like noke as is and without any additions.
asterix, maybe i need some clarification on why we would want this functionality. noke can't transmit more than a few feet, so it couldn't give me the outside temperature when i am inside. if we allowed it to waste battery, it could theoretically save temps every hour or so and then tell you what they were when you walked up to it, but a weather app can do that. it could also give current temp when opening, but again, you are standing there, so you know current temp. you can feel it, or you can look at your weather app and it will tell you current temp. i think if we consider the cost of sensor and potential for battery drainage it is hard to justify putting a temp sensor in noke. perhaps i'm missing another benefit here.
sure, i would imagine such a feature to be turned off or on from the app.
@asterix: i would still prefer the lock to sleep all the time, consuming no battery power, until i push the shackle in and wake it up.
your ble chip might have a temp sensor. it's worthwhile to use that to monitor for steep temperature increase or decrease and notify users. it might be off by +/- 3c but might be ok.
johan: adding an accelerometer would change the design and dramatically reduce battery life and sending an alert would require a network connection via wifi (add cost, delay product, and would drain battery) or via a mobile network (would also add cost, delay product, and drain battery). we are not offering a u-lock. we are offering a 3/8" cable made of steel. it is strong but can be cut by a determined thief with the right tools.
hi guys. just pledged on your great project, been looking for something like this for a loooong time..anyway wondering if there's a way to put in g-sensor similar in car's dash cam that detects sudden movement..which will be useful if someone try to force break the lock. probably connect it to home wifi so it can send us alert to mobile phone? that'll be a lot of stuff to put in such small package but would be really great to have. anyway how strong's the u-lock? can it deter strong metal cutter commonly used by thieves? thanks for the great project. keep it up!
ramon, thanks for the ideas. wanna, history data is sent to the cloud and you have access to it as the primary user. you can also set up noke to send you push notifications when a secondary user accesses noke. secondary users would not have access to history. kirpa, maybe we will consider solar version in another version. at this point we aren't considering that as an option for the current noke. i agree, we shouldn't have too much trouble with silicone. if it is trouble, we will consider other materials like rubber or plastic. thanks
@everyone - given some work that i have done with silicon in the past, if fuz communicate  to their suppliers the specific requirements and conditions that the cover would need to be in, i think they should be able to find the right grade of material to handle it. there are grades and variants (albeit more expensive) which are designed to work in temperatures of even 170-180°c as well. you could also look at a plastic cover, abs alloy and/or ultem (high weather resistance) with anti-scratch additives. but do note they would definitely be more expensive...
@creator - i don't know how this will affect the commercials of the product or how practical it is, but what if its a rechargeable battery with a solar panel strip on one end of the noke that is expected to be the exposed side when used outdoors. for people using it indoors it wouldn't be as useful, but given that its a padlock, it should affect (i'm guessing) >80% of the users? (8 out of 10 people using a padlock on their bikes/shutters/gates sounds reasonable..right?) a solar charger strapped on permanently to the noke could perhaps means an extended life all the way till the battery literally cannot be charged any more which should pretty much be the useful warranted life of the noke. (~7-10 years?)
i like ideas of quick click and history log, even left the things alone those worth a kick. could you explain some more about history log, is it store in lockpad itself and send up to my mobile only as mine as master key and the other can get unlock but couldn't see history as their are slave key? look forward for luggage version too. don't know much about silicone stuff but i saw some ruin, as my town daily temperature easily to reach 40c.
how about this: an internal rechargeable battery that serves as a backup battery to the primary and build it onto the board since that area is protected (and may not be as susceptible to harsh temps).  wouldn't a lithium ion cell last a little longer too.  you could probably set this up in the software as well to only be used when the primary is depleted and to open the lock.  put a safeguard in there so laziness cannot be an issue. i dunno, i'm just throwing ideas out there.
asterix, we have been discussing several ways to deal with this issue, including what you're suggesting. each has its own set of tradeoffs. in your scenario, here are a couple potential issues that could be avoided with a different option (that has its own set of problems) user is so lazy, he never replaces battery and keep using the replacement until it dies too. defective secondary battery. battery too cold, etc. all options have pros and cons. we will let you know when we find the best combination of pros and cons. your suggestion may win, but i just want to let everyone know that none of the solutions are perfect. thanks.
one suggestion is to have two replaceable button batteries. one will be the main that will be used for locking unlocking. the second one is backup and will be used when the primary one runs out. the key thing is that the secondary battery circuit has to be closed by the user by shorting two external pins with some metal like keys. then the user opens the lock puts the secondary as primary and adds a new one as secondary. this will avoid having a usb port. also having to carry a battery and wires to connect externally exposed pins. having to hold this battery awkwardly while trying to open the lock.
christopher, i just added additional information to our faqs about the security protocols we use with noke.
daniel: the shackle secures the back in place when noke is locked. it is not easy to remove the back when locked. even if someone were to remove the back cover, the locking mechanism isn't accessible as it is separate from the battery compartment.
what secures the back / battery cover when the lock is locked... just thinking that it could be a weak point?
christopher, we are using a custom security protocol that will work in addition to the standard protocols already built into bluetooth smart.
just wondering if your implementing bluetooth smart security protocol or something different like public key infrastructure such as unikey is using?
rl, the cable weighs just over a pound.
@creator, what is the weight of cable?
david, it won't. when noke is asleep, it uses zero power. most door locks are always pinging a wifi router or the one that uses bluetooth is touch sensitive so it always has power running through it. it's a nice feature but bad for battery life. we designed around that with noke. the last update discusses that a bit as well. thanks
i just hope this thing does not chew batteries like my door lock does.  hopefully you will use a common size that is easy to replace.
alexander: that works perfectly. if anyone wants to get fewer cables than nokes, they can simply select the number of nokes they want and add $20 for each bike cable they want.
i pledged for the 3 pack noke set. but i only need one custom bike chain.  please allow us to add 20 dollars extra to get one. please and thank you
phillip: we are planning on doing a salt fog test. we'll be sure to publish the results.
a good test would be to leave a lock with the silicone cover out in the weather, be sure that its in a sunny position, ideally in the sun all day, and see if the silicone starts to break down with time. i would like to know the outcome of that test. high humidity could also be a factor. maybe humidity and heat are bad combination for silicone, i personally would never trust silicone again.
phillip: we haven't decided whether we will be using a coin battery or a rechargeable battery yet. david is in china right now finalizing the design and will update all backers as soon as everything is finalized. we will be sure to test the silicone to ensure it will hold up as well as possible. millions of padlocks have been made with silicone protectors so we won't be the first doing it. thanks for your questions.
which batterys your using? the silicone covers ive tried on both my cameras, first camera, after a yrar i started noticing the silicone was beginning to break down, it felt sticky, i removed the silicone grip, to find it had started to break down some of the material on my camera, inarticular the grip. i could not remove the sticky residue of my camera. my 2nd camera, a olympus tough tg2, was supplied with a silicone cover, its was only last week i also noticed it starying to break down after less than a year, luckily i removed it before it broke down to much. both cameras never left in the sun.  i can't imagine ehat silicone would do if left in the sun, as in a situation when using the lock to lock your bycycle.
phillip: thank you for your feedback. of course, there is no obligation to the backer to use the silicone protector. it was one of the most popular stretch goals are backers suggested in the survey we conducted but we understand that not everyone will use it. and yes, the battery is user replaceable.
are the battery user replaceable?
from my experiences,  i dont like slicon covers, they break down quickly, leaving a nasty sticky residue on youe device, that is virtually impossible to remove.  it might be the high humidity climate i live in, but silicon covers are nasty.
ante: that is a good idea. as you pointed out, it likely won't fit without increasing the size and would require a design change so we probably won't do it for this model. isaac: that is definitely on the road map. the website will likely be made available post kickstarter delivery. de wilde: the cable will be made of steel and will be 3/8" of an inch thick. a determined thief with the right tools will be able to cut through anything. olivier: we are close to making a decision on windows phone os support. we'll let everyone know in about a week.
please consider windows phones! thank you.
hi, great product.  i have a question about the chain.  is it in simple steel? can it be cut with a large steel cutter? live to hear from you regards jacques
is it possible to have beside the app a powerful log manager to view all history on your website ?
hey guys, have you considered implementing wireless (qi) charging? it would not take away from the aesthetics of the device (no external ports) and would be functional. i'm just not sure how much real estate is left in the noke after all the necessary modules populate it and how small the qi receiver coils can be made. let me know what you think
kenneth, good questions. before i answer the questions specifically, i'd like to explain how noke communicates. noke uses bluetooth 4.0, which has a very short range in our design. communication is handled by noke talking to your phone and your phone passing things along to the cloud and from there, it can get passed along anywhere, including notifications to another phone. noke is also always sleeping except for a few seconds after you press the shackle. if noke was awake to sense touch, it would waste much power. if noke had a cellular radio inside to contact you when it was being tampered with, it would cost much more, it would go through the batteries every couple days (like a cellphone) and it would require a monthly service fee from a cellular carrier. if noke had an accelerometer to sense movement, it would also use much power while waiting to be moved. so, if you or an authorized user opens or closes noke, then yes, you can receive push notifications. however, if a stranger touches noke, there is no way to let you know. so, all the things you ask would be very nice, they would require a large, very expensive lock that would need frequent recharges. that is not what we intended noke to be. maybe for a future commercial lock but not for this lock. ok, here are the answers to each question specifically. 1. correct. push notification can only happen when being used by you or authorized user 2. no, because would need accelerometer that would waste much power 3. yes. you can turn this on or off in the app depending on your preference 4. yes, you can access history in the app 5. yes and no. if it is opened, you will certainly know. however, there is the possibility, an authorized user could open it, walk away and then the lock be closed by a third person. you would not know the third person closed it. this is any unlikely scenario, but it's possible. thanks so much for your questions. i hope this helps.
i was thinking of using these for my warehouses overseas. just wondering if these features will be included or if you guys are considering implementing them. 1. push notification to smart phone when anyone tries to tamper with the lock. (probably not possible because the lock would need a smart phone nearby and connected to send a signal) 2. alarm buzzer anyone tried to tamper with the lock. 3. push notification to smart phone when anyone (who is authorized) opens the lock. 4. a calendar to show who opened the lock and when. and when it was locked again. 5. a feature where we can go on the smartphone app and check if the lock is locked (or if a staff forgot to lock it). i have lots more ideas for features but those will have to implement significant upgrades to hardware and will cause increase in cost and delay in production. so i've only picked those i felt were software based and probably could be implemented easily. as for the buzzer feature, i don't think it will require much cost. please let me know what you think.
daniel, i am told it should work but let's wait until we get confirmation about windows first. we will confirm both at the same time in about a week. thanks for your patience.
ryan, no problem to add the two locks to the five noke. sorry it's not so easy with kickstarter system. you can just add $40 to your pledge and we will figure it all out when we send you the survey. thanks so much for your support. for the christmas question, we thought long and hard about it before launching but we feel we are much safer testing and retesting than trying to rush it. we know it's probably costing sales but it is possibly helping us avoid a bunch of returns if we didn't get it perfect. i'm sure you understand. thanks again
i saw your email update. and you talked about windows, any idea about porting (or just using) the android app for us blackberry 10 users? without the app the note would be useless to me.
apologies if this has already been asked and answered, but i would like to add 2 bike mounts/cables to my 5 lock pledge.  is this a possibility? any possible way to fast track this product for christmas 2014??  sales would be through the roof .....
bdtry, very good point. we will still consider whether it's worth putting on the roadmap or not. as i mentioned before, it would certainly be a different lock. much smaller and less secure.
@ fuz regarding "we are definitely considering it. there seems to be some good interest. adding a key is definitely doable to allow tsa access. thanks for the suggestions." tsa locks are incredibly insecure. every single one of them has a key cylinder on it regardless of type because there are tsa "master keys" that will open every single one. there are only a few different ones so having a tsa compliant lock for travel would make it extremely insecure. there is also the fact that if they want to search your bag they cut the lock just as often as they actually find a manager that is approved to carry the master key set. usually it takes too much time to do that and baggage gets behind.
fantastic. thanks for the quick reply. i missed that if it was covered previously.
john: the contacts will not allow data in or out of noke. they will simply be a way to provide enough external power to jumpstart noke.
will the data connection allowing us to 'jump start' the lock be active?  in other words will it allow data in or out of the product. if yes it could be a vector for opening the lock by an unauthorized person.
jacob, the firmware will likely be upgradeable. we don't anticipate needing it as most features should be able to be added on via the app. regarding multiple quick click codes, we don't plan on doing that. the codes is set via the app and it is stored in noke until the primary user decides to change it (any change like this needs to happen within proximity of noke). if you just want to share, you'll use the app. if you give somebody a code and want to make a different one later, you can easily do it via the app next time your in range. thanks
oh and can i set multiple quick-click codes? for example, i'm sharing my lock with a friend through the app, but their phone dies. could i'm give them a quick-click code that could be one time?
will there be a way to update the noke's firmware for new features?
paul: a) the noke is made of boron and hardened steel, the same materials brand name locks use so it is comparable in strength to them and is susceptible to the same tools they are susceptible to. b) and c) we will only make one model of the noke for this campaign but we may make other models down the road.  hendra: the noke does not include a an alarm as it would require a data connection to send the alarm. a data connection adds a lot of cost (including recurring fees) and would drain the battery.
hello, do u have sirene/alarm/alert in case someone try to break the lock????
hi i think you have a great idea going, i have a few questions and a couple of ideas.  questions a) how robust is the body of the lock? right now i use 500 and 700 series american locks, which are big and thick enough that bad guys go for the chain or the hasp rather than the lock. would your locks resist attacks by commonly available sledge hammers and bolt cutters and some just prying the shackle out of the body of the lock? b)  could you make a square version of the lock about the size of a 500 series lock that could be used in work site tool boxes, where the lock really wouldnt be subject to a direct physical attack? c) a hockey puck style version of this lock that could be used on work vans and such would be really cool. my main interest is how the lock would stand up to severe prolonged physical attack because my main use for the lock is secure store rooms full of very expensive construction supplies
just to clarify, that would be a completely different product. it would need to be smaller, not waterproof, need a key to open, much thinner shackle, etc. we are not changing the current design.
travel lock in a separate project or as an option please. having a key slot opens up more ways to break lock.
@creator.  i thought you are not planning for a key?
we are definitely considering it. there seems to be some good interest. adding a key is definitely doable to allow tsa access. thanks for the suggestions.
+1 for the travel lock.
be interesting to see a travel lock, especially as it would need to be tsa compliant
brian: thank you for your suggestion. we will consider it as a future product.
fyi , i'd have interest in a travel lock for my luggage.
justin: we are considering it. if we can do it without risking security, we will do it. we can't guarantee when it will be ready at this point though.
at any point are you planning on releasing an sdk or api to be able to use third party locking devices with the key sharing system, i ask as i have been developing a similar thing myself for replacing the digital lock on my firearms safe (my desgin can use 2 factor authentication as well) and is currently using nfc, but the ability for all my locks to be managed and shared through the same system would entice me to move it over to bt4
jack: yes. that works perfectly.
if i wanted to get two noke's and only one cable, could i get the two noke (no cable) package and then pledge an additional $20 to get a cable?
jonathan: great question. we will conduct salt fog testing on noke. there is actually a lab right next door to our office that does it so it is very convenient.
will the noke be tested in a salt fog environment (especially seen near coasts)?
michael: we haven't decided whether the battery will be rechargeable or not. we are leaning towards using a standard replaceable battery though. we don't love the idea of using a micro usb port as it would take away from the aesthetics but we haven't completely ruled it out. abdul: that is a good idea. we will look into what it will take and determine if it is something we could add without delaying production of noke. frank: correct. if you want to lock up your phone with noke, you'll want to turn off bluetooth and use your quick click code to open noke.
how does it work, say if put all my stuff in a locker including my phone. would i have to turn off bluetooth on my phone so the lock would lock?
@creator.  i have 2 elderly who don't possess a smartphone and certainly won't use the tap code.  can you create a bluetooth dongle to cater for such user?  i am willing to pay more for such scenario
what about a recharging battery with a waterproof microusb port? then the internal design could be more intensive
@kevin i have a pebble too & i could write an app for noke ;)
david, the cable we will be using is 3/8 inch thick. it is thicker than what we have in the video and the photo on out kickstarter page. we decided to make it stronger but haven't updated the images yet. noke's size is very close to being the same size as an average padlock. it is unlikely to get any smaller without sacrificing strength and water resistance. we found it to fit in just about any space youd use a traditional padlock.
how solid is the fuze cable? can a thief easily cut it? also, are you looking into reducing the size and weight if the padlock? thanks
stevens, our pleasure. kevin, we will have to look into it.
i have a pebble watch and was wondering if you could get someone to write an app to unlock the noke as an alternative to the proximity option?
thx!
huuuuum....... i had always thought ks backers had a little more flare and insight? i quess at least 65% of you have no imagination:-( really black.....out of all the colors this group picked black? that's plain ass sad!! wow!!!!! why did 65% of you just handcuff the fuz design team? black...........really............that's our other color  choice?
stevens, we are happy to do that. just email us directly at support@fuzdesigns.com and we can get you one. thanks for your suggestion. jay, thanks. we will certainly consider one like that. don't forget, you probably know somebody who would love you if you have them a noke ;)
living in a small high up apartment, i don't have anything to padlock up but after the awesome everdock, i'm in for a dollar to keep track so when a miniaturized suitcase noke arrives next year (hint, hint!) then you'll let me know.
maybe you can add a coupon code for the everdock. missed that one and with the iphone6 coming my current dock becomes useless.
steven, thanks. i wouldn't worry too much. we should have no problem getting there.
it would have been nice if the first stretched goal was unlocked by 300k or 400k since the campaign already was funded by 100k. keep up the good work!
likeicelemontea, yes. i am writing the update right now :)
@fuz any plans on colors as a stretch goal?
terrel, thanks for the heads-up. we are certainly looking at this. we are making our own custom seals. we will make sure the materials used hold up to the elements (as well as lubricants). eric, the chain in the photos and videos is slimmer than the one we are using. we have upgraded the chain since we filmed. we will be sure to post some updated images soon. the new cable is 3/8 inch thick and 6ft long so it will easily go through both wheels on a bike. thanks
i just backed you guys. sounds like an awesome idea. i added $20 on top of two noke pack for the bike chain. i agree the chain looks pretty thin. can it go through both wheels? i have quick release levers on both wheels.
have your o-rings been tested with w-d 40 for longevity. this seems to be everyone's lubricant of choice in the real world.  once the o- rings fail the lock will go quick . does the supplier of the rubber o-rings, give you a expiration date or period of time from the manufactures date. you probably have specs on this. my experience has been o-rings don't last as long as they used to. like many rubber products ?  i'm very excited and glad to be part of noke thanks.
knight and kevin: thank you for your suggestions. the best place to submit your ideas for stretch goals is through the survey. thanks for you support.
what about having enough room inside the case to keep a small key or maybe a sd/micro sd card or two. that way you could use it as a secure storage device by padlocking it somewhere useful and when you unlocked it you could also access whatever you stored inside it too. you could offer a round disk made with cut outs for micro sd cards or maybe a standard key shape (possibly a shortened yale type house key) an let backers choose which to add or supply both as needed.
i remember backing a stylus pen and they offered those who were willing to wait a little bit longer for engraving. there were several backers who took this offer and were pleased with it. if it's something you consider i don't mind waiting longer to get it engraved or laser engraved. just a suggestion. great job with communicating with your backers btw, i wish other kickstarter's would learn from you guys.
jean-stefane: i guess i was trying to be modest. thanks for your kind words. we will consider your suggestions and see what makes the most sense. knight: engraving would be nice. it would be very difficult though logistically to have to matchup each engraved message with each order so that's something to consider.
i just filled out the survey and i was thinking that maybe engraving a name or nickname on it as a stretch goal would be cool. could be engraved on the back of the lock.
@creator - as a backer for your first project, i think you're selling yourselves short. not only did you deliver on time and communicate very well, but when your schedule squeezed on time delivery, you took the hit of shipping expedited to make sure all rewards arrive in time for christmas gifts! i could not be happier to back this project as well! i know i'm getting an excellent product from a great company! on the topic of revocation, maybe including a maximum time for a granted key, after which you need a network connection to renew the key would be an elegant solution, but you've likely thought of that already. the other way would be to use the "master" key to revoke any other keys instantly when the "master" devices connects to the lock. this would be a good solution while allowing locks to be operable in areas where there is no network connection. lastly, i love the idea of a stainless body as a stretch goal.
barryg: thank you. we are so grateful to all of our backers for their support. those are valid points. david and i have successfully launched two kickstarter projects already. we already delivered on time on our first product and we are right on schedule on our second (shipping next month). we regularly updated our backers on both projects and nothing will change on this one. david i worked together for years at zagg, a large mobile accessory brand, so we have lots of experience. we are confident we'll meet everyone's expectations and do so on time.
i've backed a lot of kickstarter projects, some great, some not so great... most over promise and under deliver instead of the other way around, and the ones that do over promise also are terrible at keeping us backers informed on a regular basis...  i'm excited to back and receive my nokes and hope you keep up the great communication once it has been funded and the waiting begins...  congratulations on a great design and product and surpassing your goal so quickly...  can't wait to also see what's next from you guys!!  all the best!!
justin: with the app, revocation will happen remotely as the server will be updated once access is revoked by the administrator. there are some concerns with the keys being phone or app based but we may be able to resolve them. the master can be revoked by erasing the data on the phone (via find my iphone or comparable android app/service) or by logging into another phone and changing your password.
@creator thanks for the prompt response.  i was just thinking about revocation done remotely. i can think of a number of scenarios where the ability to revoke access remotely would be great. the only way to do this is "key based", which means the phone or the app on the phone. so the fact that he master phone will not need to be authenticated every time it is use to unlock noke means you can't simply revoke the master phone access via the server. dilemma here since i too dun wish to limit my ability to unlock my gate to the reliability of my data connection provider.
rl: adding a motion sensor and speaker will add significant bulk and cost to noke and could significantly reduce battery life. the motion sensor would have to always be running and if it was used in a busy area, would constantly be going off. speakers that small also aren't very loud so it wouldn't be a very effective alert.
@creator, is it possible add motion sensor with speaker in noke, when someone move the noke that will loud.
@creator great question .... cellular radio communication ??? you have already replied  ..... now  i clearly understood that isn't possible .... anyway i appreciate your kind assistance and time granted to me. best. @john beale  in italy we say 'domandare è lecito rispondere è cortesia' that it could be translated 'to ask is permitted, to respond is courtesy' enjoy !!!
justin: access can be revoked via the app. this is how it will work: when you click noke, it wakes up and looks for a phone, after finding the phone, if it doesn't have access, the app will check the server to see if the user has been granted access. this will all happen instantly and requires a data connection. we have some ideas for how we can make it work when there isn't a data connection and will finalize them soon. once we do, we will share them with our backers. noke will not have a data connection as that would significantly increase the cost of noke and reduce battery life.
what about key revocation if phone is lost/stolen? since phone do not connect to server all the time, revocation will not be guaranteed. are there noke based rejection of keys on top of phone based revocation of keys?
lots of fun ideas being thrown around here :-).  just wanted to add to the gps question: apart from cost and power, gps needs an antenna exposed to the outside to work (not inside steel case) making the lock weaker. and for it to be useful, probably want cellular comm-> yet more power/size/cost and another antenna (same applies to motion sensor messaging). design is about tradeoffs.
andrea, how would we send the signal to your phone?
@creator hi again .... what do you think to add a motion sensor armed only when noke it's closed ??? if someone try to open or cut the padlock a message will arrive directly to smartphone....  it could be possible ??? thank you again. andrea
@creator thank you for reply. i appreciate. best.
giorgio and andrea, gps would consume toouch power, add to cost, and require cellular radio and monthly service. not ideal for this product.
anyway slim and strong are essential qualities it should have,according to me
the noke discussions are amazing things i had not even thought of. i have no bike but i am already counting uses for this device. might even work on my laptop if i could put a cable on the noke that would link. thank you guys.
hi guys, i really appreciate your idea so try to make it next best thing about all smart locks available at this moment. please add a gps module inside noke. in my opinion it would the best and really useful next goal. different colours ???? no benefit about safety. thank you. andrea italy
@creator hi just backed why don t you integrate a small gps module to track the noke position?
michael: we did. the bluetooth antenna is behind the bar above the u in fŪz, where the led is. similar to how apple puts their antennas behind the apple logo.
rechargeable should be good but must changeable and easy to buy in the market like cr2032
@creators: did you test the bluetooth radio performance while the pcba was fully enclosed in a 2-3 mm cast steel housing? that sounds like a pretty good rf shielding. will an iphone in my pocket still connect to the lock in my hand in this scenario? the iphone 5 e.g. has gsm/lte antennas outside around the frame, and the bt/wifi antenna behind a plastic cover.
michael: 1. we can make it thicker but we will probably stick with the current dimensions as per the diagram on our page. it seems to be the most standard, popular size 2. the current design incorporates a replaceable battery. we are considering using a rechargeable battery. we may take a vote on what backers want. stay tuned. 3. the app will alert when the battery is low with plenty of advance notice to replace it.
michael, 1. we could but we probably don't need to. 2. you mean rechargeable? we could do it but we would need to discuss with backers. 3. yes. take a look at the kickstarter page and the faqs. thanks
1. can you make it thicker? 2. will there be a built-in battery version? 3. will there a warning before battery run off?
kenneth: the best way to handle a scenario where you want multiple nokes but fewer cables is to select the reward level with the quantity of nokes you want (1, 2, 3, 5, 10) and then add $20 to your pledge for each cable you want ($20 for 1 cable, $40 for 2 cables, etc). unfortunately kickstarter doesn't work like a traditional online shopping cart where you add an item to your cart and then select the quantity, so we are forced to make arbitrary packages where the combinations are endless. thanks so much for your support and your question.
hi, anyway to get 1 noke with the cable and 2 more nokes alone. the rewards are made such that you either get all without cables or all with cables.  does not quite make sense and most people might need 1 with cable (as most people only have 1 bike) but they will still want more of these nokes for other uses.  please let me know if it's possible to come up with other reward combos, or "add on" amounts to any reward tier for additional nokes or nokes with cables. thank you
@rance, cool :)
physical pen tester = someone who tests physical security, such as locks, among other aspects.
daniel, absolutely. it's on our roadmap already. thanks
hi guys, this is really cool. is there a chance the noke technology could be expanded to u-locks now or in future projects?
justin, there are hundreds of different electronic locks out there. this isn't exactly brand new technology. noke will be tested and tested and tested until we are very confident with the reliability. as you mention, even keyed locks sometimes get stuck and need to cut ope. we simply mentioned that as an obvious last resort, not something you'll expect to run into.
what's a physical pen tester?
as a physical pen tester... i can't wait! >:-d
i've asked about what happened if there's a failure and was told that like any other lock, the only way is to cut it. should a mechanical way to open the lock in this circumstance be considered? like using a key? ha!
bruce, not a bad idea. we have another idea in mind too. we are exploring several and just want to choose the best one. all have pros and cons. the pros of your idea are easy to recognize. the cons are it would be a cable you could lose and for lightning, we'd have to pay a large royalty to apple. too cost prohibitive for something you should never have to use. also, i don't think we would even earn mfi certification for it because apple would frown upon it being a "charging" device. like i said, it's a good idea and would work, but we have a couple others i think you may like better. michael, cast steel then powder coated. we don't have any plans for stainless steel at the moment although it could be considered as a stretch goal. we haven't needed to use the body as an antenna. the standard antenna embedded in the pcba has worked well enough but we are testing other options now to see if anything is better. andrey, 1. i understand your point, but if you can't push in the shackle then how are you going to pull it open? i think this would apply to any padlock. 2. we currently have 2 buttons so i think we should be ok, but we are still doing torture testing. a reset hole may make sense. grant, the batteries would likely die about the same time. if the second one was just stored in noke, we'd need to have a way to switch the power draw from one to the other. regarding nanotechnology, we had a meeting with one of those companies yesterday. we will see how that goes.
nanotechnology for waterproofing the pcba
please make battery user replaceable. if you use two 2032 batteries, could you make one a backup?
hello fuz team, i'm still concerned a bit about the only option to wake up the noke by pressing it. what if one of the following is happend? 1) the lock is freezed (snowy / icy weather), so it cannot be easily pressed down.  2) the button itself malfunctions for some reason. i think we need some second way to wake the lock up. can it be an extra button, for example (near the led or at the back)? or maybe some 'reset hole' which can be activated by the pin (near the micro-usb port if it is added)? anyway i would feel much better if i have know that i have some emergency option to wake it up and unlock.
@creators, so the body will be made from cast stainless steel? that's pretty cool and sets it apart from other gadgets like the master lock combo locks. will the body parts become the bluetooth antenna, and also the "jump start" battery override contact points? a durable electrostatic discharge protection for that looks like a decent challenge.
have a cable that would plug into both the phone and the noke to link the phones battery power to the noke as another back up unlocking system - either providing a temp. power supply to the lock from the phone battery which can then activate bluetooth system or a direct link from phone/app to the padlock
renrid, we are considering that as an option. we'd need to get a survey of all the backers before going too far down that road as it would be a significant change. stay tuned on this discussion.
what about a rechargeable but not replaceable lithium ion battery ?
lim, lubrication will not need to be added. the factory lubrication should last the life of the product. the internals are isolated very well from the elements. we are also looking into extra waterproofing for the pcba if necessary .we have talked to a few specialists in that area already.
and also how about the care and maintenance of the noke padlock? how to clean and is it need to lubricate the padlock?  the electronic core element of the padlock is it water/lubricant proof? the mechanical side still needs to lubricated
lim, casting is how the steel is formed. the steel is poured into a mold. it is between 2 and 3mm thick depending on the part of the body. 10mm shackle would be pretty thick for this particular style lock. we can consider making a more heavy duty version in the future but i don't see us altering the current one at this point. it really would be a different type of product. thanks
okay, i already fill out the survey.  imo, noke a great product that combine electronic and mechanical. the tech that add to noke already great with all those stuff like bluetooth, quick click, server,etc after all those tech stuff, a padlock still have the mechanical side that needs to be consider for security. i'm considering about the shackle, the noke's shackle 7mm, can you guys make it to 10 mm atleast and make the shackle shape to hexagonal or octagonal shape to add more security from bolt cutter. and how about the body of the padlock, how thick is it? u mention earlier the body is made of cast steel, is it more secure than stainless steel. thank you
likeicelemontea, boron shackle and steel body
@fuz what is the noke housing made of?
lukeb2, yes, that is what the sharing is all about. lim, we just sent out a survey asking about stretch goals. that would be a great place to request that feature. that could be a decent stretch goal if we can incorporate it into the design.
will 2 or more devices be able to operate the same lock?
@grant, since the date given is an estimated date i generally add 3 months to that date for ks projects from first time creators to avoid disappointment. since noke's creators have been around the block a couple of times i am adding 1 month.
@everyone: how about hexagonal shackle for add security from bolt cutter? please comment
grant, we feel pretty good about february. early is always possible, but with all the testing we want to do, we don't estimate shipments going out a whole lot earlier than that. thanks for your support.
is there a chance it could ship out early, or is february a set date? i would love it in time for second semester!
john, i just checked out the sweloxx container lock and it looks like it would actually work perfectly with our current noke. you may have to hold your phone close at the bottom to make sure the signal gets through, but it would be enough. as asterix points out, that limit of range isn't really a bad thing in an application like this. in order to wake up noke, you'd just press up on the bottom of noke anyway, so you're standing in the perfect position. that's a very cool device. thanks
i am also all for open source. that would be awesome. if you want you can count me in for the beta, i am a software developer and quite familiar with these kinds of protocols...
i am sure our resident lock expert @bdtry might find a way to beat the sweloxx container lock :)
@john, attenuation of bluetooth signal due it being inside metal case is actually a good thing for the lock as one needs to be close to use it. also not open it when being 50ft away.
such an interesting design that i paid $1 just to comment :-).  how forgiving is the bluetooth reception when the lock is all or mostly inside a thick metal shroud? for example search "sweloxx container lock".  a small padlock has its limits but putting noke in that type of system would improve physical security against bolt cutters, sledge hammer etc. for industrial applications.  no key or dial means the lock could be almost completely embedded.  what about a completely flush panel with no lock even visible; pressing some part of it somehow pushes the shackle and allows unlock. "smoothwall" security, could it be done?
oleg, great question. we are actually going to do more and more scientific tests. our factory has some really great weather testing machines for water, salt, temperature, durability, etc. what i can tell you now is i cranked our freezer as cold as it goes and left noke in there for a couple days and it performed just fine. this is also just a prototype so it doesn't have the best seals, the strongest and thickest metals, etc that we will get with the production model, so i think that won't be a big issue. finally, the fact that you will be able to jump noke if the battery dies also helps alleviate those concerns because a cold battery is the most likely issue if we end up in record setting cold. i hope that helps. asterix and michael, we will certainly do what we can do open things up. as i mentioned, we just need to make sure that we don't compromise security in any way by doing it. i've talked to a few of you offline and at the very least, we will open it up to some of you to help us test things. beta testing and debugging are a very important part of this whole process and we will want a little help from some of you. thanks
the only thing stopping me from ordering this right now is the question about how it performs in the cold.  with temperatures easily averaging -25c(-13f) some weeks in the winter months where i live i would like to know if it would keep on working. :)
i second @michael, open source would mean more public scrutiny and more holes found. although i couldn't fathom why it took so long to catch the heart bleed bug.
@jared are you implying that open source firmware would reduce security? why?  i believe the opposite would be true.
@jared are you implying that open source firmware would reduce security? why?  i believe the opposite would be true.
jake, i think i know what you mean. this would be more of the latching system than a padlock, right? i've thought something like that would be nice too. i've got some ideas. could be fun. that's going to have to wait for a while because we have a couple other locks on the roadmap already.
here's a problem i would love to see solved: the ability to open a gate from either side. for example: we have a walking trail just off our property. it would be nice to be able to lock or unlock the fence gate from either side. maybe a future product?
ok thanks. changed to 3 noke and will get the bike stuff later :)
anders, absolutely. we plan to use backerkit, so adding a bike cable will be simple then. thanks
@creators will you sell the bike mount and cable in your web-shop after the kickstarter?  because optimal for me would be 3 noke and one bike mount/cable.
grant, we should have an update with stretch goals today. skippy, we've talked about that a couple times. noke's range is not that great so it's unlikely, but you can set the app to give you an alert every time it opens and/ or if this scenario is likely in your use case, you can reduce the range of the bluetooth or turn off auto-unlock completely. turning off auto-unlock would make it impossible for this to happen. great question. daniel, a tsa approved noke would be a good follow up product. as mentioned already, the current noke is overbuilt for that application. we'd need to make one with a smaller shackle and a key for them to get inside. thanks everyone. hope you're having a great day!
neither seem like good ideas for security reasons.
a luggage lock with a 7mm shackle? that would be a bit bulky, right? and for me, no tsa access, please. in electronic locks i would rather prefer an open source release of the firmware, so that i can check for myself whether any government agencies might gain access or not.
have you guys thought about making the unit tsa approved? i would like to use it on my luggage as it seems like an amazing lock for when you are travelling. making it tsa approved means they can open it without breaking it if required by authority.
hello, if i close noke on my bike (or something else), i turn my back on it and leave and the bt is still in reach, how do i prevent someone else who has waited for that occasion (for instance in a dense crowd and someone knows i have noke, because that person has observed/spied, to just click once on noke and grap my belongings and go? in other words: can i disable/enable, right after closure of noke through the app, or is it always on and do i have to close bt manually myself? also, i wil not be using noke for sharing it with others. for that, i'd like to see more secure use cases. thanks for your reply.
@creators, how interesting! i didn't know that!
so excited, any stretch goals to get your incredibly cool product to me sooner. would be great in time for second semester (january) and so so so excited i searched for days to find some smart lock or fingerprint lock or something and this is more genius that anything i noticed. thrilled and i smiled ear to ear watching the demo video. what a conversation piece and cool product over all. best of luck and backed within 3 minutes! ☺️
asterix, i thiu that's what you meant. you'd be surprised to know that app went through their servers. it was not a phone to phone transfer. it just felt that way. that's how cloud servers should work.
i meant phone to phone transfer of keys. there used to be a app called bump which transferred data when the phones where bumped together. just like handing a real key the virtual key is given by the owner to the guest through phone-phone communication through the noke app
ron, thanks so much for your support and thanks so mich for sharing noke with others. astrix, i'm not sure what you mean exactly.
@creators, can a "bump" style guest access possible instead of using your servers?
great comments and great responses for the creators. everyone i have mentioned this lock to is excited about it. i too like that there isn't a keyhole.
1. may be possible if you have physical access to noke. if not, we are limited by how often we require the secondary user to access the server. but, theoretically, if the highest level of security required the user's app to get permission from our servers every single time they accessed noke, then yes, we could revoke them "instantly" or at least never let them open your noke again. 2. we are certainly looking to add computer access. that will be a lower priority than our app, but it will certainly happen. we don't see that being too difficult. thanks
thanks for clarification. sorry, i didn't had a chance to go through your previous response before the comment. i did just now and made it clear.  1. other than the slider in the settings for the secondary user- will i be able to terminate their access immediately (from my app) instead of them getting refused from the server? reading through your responses, i think it is no but i would like to know if this can be implemented.  2. for the primary user, in that unlikely scenario where everything fails ( app not working, phone dead, forgot combination, no other smartphone etc)- i like the idea of calling in. also would like if it is possible to login on a computer to get access to the lock. thanks
second guess, thanks so much for your continued support. we are looking into it. let me start by saying the primary user doesn't need data to connect. the secondary users are the only ones who may be susceptible to this. make sure you read the past several posts i made yesterday and today to get my thoughts on the matter. overall, i think the best approach is to require the app of the secondary user to verify permissions on a regular basis but not necessarily every time they access noke. maybe hourly, or daily, or weekly depending on the scenario. we could possibly put a slider in the settings of the app where you chose the security level from low to high. low security would only require the user to check in with the server relatively infrequently. higher security would require it more often. the reason we need to do this at all is so you can revoke access from the secondary user if necessary. i hope this makes sense.
you guys are developing a loyal fan base!! i am a third time backer!!.  just a quick question and request. you said yesterday "we are considering allowing the app to maintain a code in the user's app so it doesn't require communicating with our servers, but we have not decided to for sure how we will handle this." any progress on this? i would really like noke to work even if there is no internet access. thanks
@bdtry that was my point, i just didn't think it was neceserary to mention every possible way to disable it :p also keep in mind sharing guests key is optional and still far more secure than giving someone a physical key to a traditional padlock which can be duplicated in any walmart or home improvement store.  lock picks are also far smaller than bolt cutters and this lock is completely immune to them.
bdtry, should i be impressed or should i call the police right now? you sure know a lot about breaking into padlock ;)
@cory simpson if you want to go that way, in reality a pair of croppers/bolt cutters would be way more likely than a dremel. dremels and grinders make noise which draws attention. other methods are a screwdriver or crowbar through the shackle and the keep twisting the chain or cable until there is no slack left and then force it around more to break the lock or chain/cable. the same can be done when it is attacked to a hasp of some sort. a pipe wrench on the body of the lock works wonders for this and is still silent.
grant, that's funny. sorry for the mixup. we've talked to the kevo guys and they are great guys but we are not affiliated with them in any way. we are fŪz designs and our awesome lock is noke.
@grant kevo is a smart lock from kwikset
is is "noke" or "kevo" you have referred to it a few times as kevo. did you also invent that?
@stevie now we are getting somewhere.  again, i have no idea of the programming end and if it is feasible within their code (or timeline) to accomplish this.  that goes back to what i was saying about a click sequence with some sort of authentication.  or some feature that could be enabled via the app, only when the lock was physically open.  so something limiting on the local side.  i can dig it -- but i can't program it heheh.  maybe they can (or they have a better idea).
@jared: absolutely no problem, in the contrary, it is an interesting discussion. to your comment: i am not sure why this would require any change in the database on the server side. the idea would be very simple: the app communicates with the lock to tell it to open, anyway. this requires some kind of authentication of the request. the lock could maintain two keys internally: an owner's key, and a guest key. a second command could be added which is only  available with the owners's key. that command allows to disable and re-enable the guest key access. simple software solution.
@stevie i hope you understand i mean no disrespect.  i completely understand your viewpoint.  my personal retort is that given that it would require complete control targeted at a specific lock at each instance.  while i also understand the possibility of a buried trojan horse in the server, i don't consider it a long term problem because again, it is something that someone could overcome with a dremel or boltcutters.  i also understand how your specific encounter would lead you to that stance. to that i would suggest, without the knowledge of feasibility a hardware button (or click sequence) that would limit the pairing of app to server for someone other than the originally paired person.  after such a setting, the original owner would have to login (or unlock or repair) within range of the lock in order to disengage.  otherwise, again, the only other way is complete removal from the server database completely -- however i could see the issues with re-nicking of problematic customers "i want off" "oh no, why can you not help me?"
agree cory.  but this is the time to ask the creation team about ways they may harden the lock.  at first the creation team thought a back being accessible was a good idea.  after backers pointing out the insecurity, the creation team redesigned the lock to only allow access to the back only when the lock is open.  these kinds of questions are good.  fuz may not make the perfect lock, but with our ideas they will make the best one possible at this price point.
cory: you may be right. still, for me the option to disable the server completely would be very interesting.
i think some people need to step back and realize this is a padlock. as much as you may think some mad hacker is after your gym bag, a dremel is a far more likely scenario. also, no matter how wildly successful this kickstarter is, or how well this sells on amazon afterwards, it will not have nearly the penetration for "targeted hacking". let's get back to reality people. padlocks have never done more than keep the honest people honest. if you are using one to protect something highly valuable then i would suggest you rethink that. .
thanks for the answers. jared, please let me explain the problems i have with this. like many others i lost any trust in anything which is cloud based over the course of the last year. how many routers have been hacked, how many big companies have been hacked, how many backdoors or problems have been found (heartbleed anyone?) some of them probably planted on purpose? that's one part. the second part is a bit more concrete: recently someone broke in my car and stole the airbags from the inside. the lock was not damaged at all, no traces whatsoever of how they got into the car. the insurance refused to pay because of missing traces, claiming that i did not lock it properly. only the fact that they cracked open over 20 cars in the same night in the same street without any traces saved me. apparently they hacked the rf keys... the insurance just couldn't claim that all 20 owners left their cars open by coincidence in the same night. all the same brand. so they had to pay. this is an example where it is better if the lock is actually cracked open by physical force. at least i can see and prove it. another example is the hack of the hotel locks (look for arduino hotel key hack). the knowledge about how this was done is now very widespread. not sure if the manufacturer fixed that in the meantime (if they even can?!?). but at least it was possible for a long time by pretty much everyone. such knowledge spreads very quickly nowadays. i recognize that these hacks were possible without the cloud. but the server adds yet another attack vector to the locks. if the noke becomes very successful, maybe there will be a market for the hacks...
it's not like hal that remotely unlocks the airlock and lets you fall out to space. they actually need an accomplice near your device that has to get the app, login, and then use it physically next to your lock.  that person also needs to specifically be prompted for your account.  otherwise the lock remains closed. now i get the idea of your lock thief roaming the country for the 2206 current backers, but the fact that it isn't like a home security system over the web that remotely locks/unlocks doors, that helps.  ie. burglar can't just unlock everybody and cause pandemonium -- he has to send it to specific people with information on the location of your lock, specifically.
personal thoughts there: @stevie, my thought is that doing so would require your removal from the server database entirely.  otherwise, in your complete hack scenario, anyone on that database could have their lock compromised.  there are failsafes server-side (usually) to a complete hack to data, but i see your point.  armageddon come, you would have to not be on that server at all because how else would you stop another device from accessing data and prompts that are provided by the server.  again, this seems like an extreme scenario and all devices that were sent codes eventually would be traceable to some degree.  i.e. someone would have to target you specifically as the server would have to be hacked, then specific data for your specific lock would have to be sent to a specific device that is physically near your lock for it to unlock.  if they're going through all that trouble, a pair of bolt cutters does the job in 10 seconds.
stevie, got it. we can look into that. i'll keep you posted.
sorry i was not clear. what i mean, is it possible to disable the possibility for the server to grant others access to the lock. for example the app which is paired to the noke tells the noke to not accept further access attempts even if they are granted by the server.
stevie, if i understand your question correctly, the answer is yes. you may pair the primary user to noke without a server at all. the server is only needed for secondary users.
this is a great technology! my only concern is - as always - with the cloud. as i understand it you basically have the master key to all the nokes. as someone mentioned, servers can always be hacked. do you consider a way to configure the lock that it only opens for my phone, using some shared secret, basically disabling all access granting by the servers?
jared, very good thoughts. thanks for your thoughtful insight.
even at this price point, while high, i personally couldn't see the use of making this user replaceable, sans the battery.  even as a consumer, i want these locks as tamperproof as possible.  i'd say no key (locks can be picked to some degree) and no user replaceable parts.    i would rather have you charge me, say $20-30 and refurbish the cut shackle, put new parts in, reflash the firmware, etc. i do like the idea of a secure access with challenge questions that people could call you in to remote unlock.  and honestly, maybe there is a fee for that, because it keeps people from being irresponsible, and it also keeps people who would try and beat that system from trying too often (especially if you have to take down a cc).  on that note, an automated online system like banks use for that sort of thing is a good idea as well.
asterix, making many products modular is a great idea. save parts, cost, the environment, etc. with noke, we will look at that but it doesn't lend itself to that very well. we need it to be impossible to open without destroying it. if we do manage to open it without destroying the internals, we'd want to be very careful about what parts we want to reuse because you just don't know how much damage may have been done to those parts. as responsible inhabitants of this world we all share, we will look to do this as much as possible. in the interest of security and delivering a perfect product every time, we will need to be very careful about this. the removable shackle is something we need to explore. it would be a nice way to get more use out of a lock that may have needed to be cut for some reason, or to allow a user to extend the length of the shackle for a particular application. we will keep you posted on this one if it's doable without compromising the design, security, and timeline of noke.
fair enough for me guys. :) thinking aloud to see how one can replace and repair noke, have you thought of modularizing the noke's electronic and mechanical sub systems ? also looking at uncoupled shackle. i've seen that on locks before. this way if some one calls you and they are locked out and their noke is bricked you may be able to send them a replacement shackle and a electronic subsystem. then can then get a locksmith to cut the shackle and replace the parts and send you the old board for you to debug? just my 2 cents.
asterix, as you mention, noke is different, but the values of a company remain constant. we worked at another tech company that showed us that treating the customer how you'd want to be treated is always the right thing to do. we have taken that philosophy with us to fŪz designs. fortunately for you, you can review our history with our everdock project. check the comments, the updates. you can also read comments on amazon. we have never rejected a return request for any reason. life is too short for us to be jerks to people and ultimately, good customer service always pays off in the end. so, the fine print will continue to say 1-year. beyond that, we will always do what's right. obviously, each case is different but our past works speak to the way we will continue to run fŪz designs. i hope that helps.
your other products are not like this. this is a mission critical product. you might want to rethink the warranty for this product. what would your answer be when someone calls you within 1 year and says my locks not working and i tired everything what would your answer be after 1 year. you can be honest and is appreciate it and still be a backer.
asterix, all of our products, including noke carry a one year manufacturer warranty against defect.
@anurag, we have cars today that don't have keys to open or start. we rely on technology to work. if it doesn't we fix it.  adding keys to this while helps feel better and safe is not the wemay forward. @creators, please talk about warranty. what happens if someone has locked out and nothing works. what would you do if they contact you ?
anurag, noke would need to get larger to accommodate it, plus each extra way to get in is an extra way to break in so we are trying to limit that as well. something we could also do is allow you to phone us, verify security questions, and give you quick-click code. do you think that would solve the problem you describe?
thanks for such a quick response !! but i still think you guys should consider having physical key again. for any emergencies - atleast people will have one permanent solution. if my phone is dead n i forgt combination and could not find anyone with me with a phone then??? what i am saying if implementing a key is not huge task then better go fot it !!
ron, we are continuing tests and pushing lower and lower. we haven't had any problems yet. we are using a lithium battery so that may be helping. we will keep you posted. the good news is with the ability to "jump" noke, even if the battery did have an issue for some reason, you could open up and put a fresh (and warm) battery in. anurag,  1. nope. they aren't sharing a code. there is no code. the secondary person logs onto the app with a username and password. this is the username you authorized. once they are logged into the app, that is when noke will respond to it. i hope this makes sense. 2. no, we considered it but don't think it is necessary. if you forget something, app isn't working, phone is dead, you forgot combination, etc. you should be able to find another smartphone, login with your username and password and then open that way. if you also happen to forget username and password info, you can reset that through the app exactly like you would with a website where you answer security questions to verify your identity. thanks so much for your questions.
@creator i have couple of questions: 1.) if i authorize 2nd person by sharing code to unlock noke - can that 2nd person authorize 3rd person by sharing same code? 2.) is this noke lock will come with stand key and will behave like normal locks which can be unlocked using physical key - why i am asking this is consider a situation where coz of some bug or anything my app is not wrking or phone is discharged n i even forgot my combination code to unlock. in such situation what to do?
hi guys - did you guys complete the cold tests yet?  i do live in us's siberia (minnesota) so if you could put a working lock in the freezer for a week+ and the try it and tell me if it works that would be great, many times it isn't the gizmo but rather the batteries that fail in the cold. somethings we have to use lithium batteries since they are void of liquid that can freeze and fail a battery, our long cold exposure zaps the hell out of battery stuff here.  love the jump start idea.
asterix, we are working on these tests now. they last a really, really long time, especially when you consider they don't even complete one revolution each time you use them. ck, they are very durable in those conditions. we have silicone gaskets on all the seams that will keep water out. we are actually meeting with a company tomorrow that does waterproofing of pcba's to see if that could be useful.
@michael, i understand now. thanks. @creators, got it. i am assuming there is a lifetime for the motor in years?  also have you done tests where you can tell us what the lifetime lock/unlock cycle is? stress tests where you keep locking and unlocking repeatedly to the point of failure.
plan to put this outside the gate. how good it is for waterproof (raining), under the hot sun, and other extreme weather?
kirpa, thanks so much for your generous support. i think the questions are great. your point is exactly why we need the app to at least periodically get permission from our servers. that way, they will lose permission once the app reaches out to our servers and is denied. in a perfect world where there is always data, we would make them do it every single time they attempt to open kevo. in an imperfect world, we could require this at set intervals. if they shut off data, once the prescribed interval ran out and they couldn't get permission, they'd be refused. thanks
@asterix, in general, to have a motor in an electronic lock is a very good idea, much better than a solenoid that would also act when hammered on from the outside. a motor on the other hand is more difficult to manipulate from the outside (if shielded properly), that's why high end safe locks also have them.
thanks  for the clarifications, and yeah, you definitely made it all the more clear. i see why the noke app would need to check the cloud for access control changes for that particular user. love the amount of thought gone into it. i'm in for 10 of these =) also, sorry to rattle on again, but i see a potential bug here. basically if a shared user and i have a fallout and i revoke his/her access. they could switch off their data so that their app data never updates to reflect that change and still unlock the noke and run away with the contents in the meantime? that also makes me wonder if there would be some sort of emergency reset to change the progression of codes with a different random set? i'm not sure if i made sense there, but hope you could understand what i meant.
@ceeator i see what you are saying. noke looks great. a fellow backer in superm turned me on to you. looking forward to getting my hands on your lock.
daniel, yes, thanks again. let's see what interest we can drum up. we will also look into feasibility on our end.
@ creator  i know i emailed already but i thought i'd post here so more people can see and hopefully show interest. but as long as the android app is 4.3 (or less) and doesn't need google play services it will most likely work on blackberry 10 devices. it won't take much to port it. plus it will add more user base. also starting in the fall the android amazon app store will come preloaded on blackberry devices thus making it even easier for us to have the app. i'm willing to help or test ect to make it work on blackberry 10 devices. (i have the z30)
astrix, in the exploded view, the motor is directly under the "ball bearing." the motor turns to allow the bearing to move in and thus allow the user to slide the shackle up. the motor is necessary to lock and unlock noke. it duplicates the motion that is usually done by your hand when you twist a keyed lock.
@michael, i did not see a motor in the exploded figure of noke? where is it and why is it needed?
greetings everyone. looks like we made it through $200,000 while we were sleeping here. thanks so much for your support! ok, let's get to the questions. looks like we have 2 more votes for windows phone. we will send out an update regarding stretch goals in a day or two. stay tuned. michael, regarding magnetic shielding, you are correct. we are planning on using shielding and perhaps sourcing specific motors that are resistant to this type of attack. initial testing confirms this shouldn't be a problem. thanks to mark who sent us a message about this. again, you guys are awesome. kirpa, here goes: 1. the codes change to prevent sniffing attacks 2. i tried to answer this for you yesterday in #4 but it may not have been totally clear. i'm happy to discuss any of this further in email if you like as well. you can always email us at support@fuzdesigns.com and we can get into more detail, attach photos, etc if necessary. anyway, the primary user will always have access to noke with no data connection required. it is the shared people who we may require to have data access. we can do it without data and we can still have rolling codes for shared users as well. so don't get too concerned about that part. the reason we may require data access is for control. as the primary user, you might want to revoke access at some point. if we don't require the secondary user to connect to our servers at least on a somewhat regular basis, revoking access becomes a problem. does this make sense? so, simple solution is to require secondary user to confirm permission (with data connection) each time they use noke.  optional solution is to give secondary user access in predefined chunks of time and then require them to confirm access with our servers at set intervals (hourly, daily, weekly, etc). does this make more sense now? sorry it is a little tricky to describe here. 3. yes, as described above for secondary users. again, for primary users, this is not a problem at all. 4. nope, no problem for primary users. 5. we plan on using amazon cloud for our servers. this is a very popular method for deploying things like this. robust, reliable, co-located, etc. however, in the event of a meltdown or a hack, the secondary users are the ones potentially affected. the most likely worst-case scenario would be for them to be denied access rather than a random person being granted access. thanks for the love. we have thought through just about everything, but as we talk to all of you, we continue to find opportunities to tweak noke further and further toward perfection. thanks for your help with this. john, i see what you're saying, but my biggest concern with tap is battery life. if noke is waiting for a tap, then an accelerometer is slowing sucking away at the battery. if noke is waiting for a button press, it doesn't have that same issue. further, if i'm riding my bike, it is being "tapped" over and over and this could further complicate things. we will explore tap further, but i'm not sure it makes sense for this particular product. perhaps a different version of noke that is specifically designed for other uses would make the most sense.
windows phone users and other non-ios and android phone users could use the tap function.  then as the product takes off or ble moves to more platforms, it might be added to your devices in future.
like roel, i am a windows phone user so without the support for my chosen platform i would be forced to pull my pledge.  since i would not be able to use the noke.
seems to be a lot of paranoia about security and permissions. come on guys/girls it's just a padlock. it's not like it meant to secure fort knox? i mean how expensive can one push bike be haha
stretch goals  $200k free silicone cover $250k colors
stretch goals<3
the locking mechanism looks very similar to the master lock dialspeed.  so unless you implement an effective magnetic shielding around the motor, the lock would be vulnerable to evil magnets... are you planning to do that?
hi, just have a few more clarifications specifically to point (4) that you answered. scenario (as i understand it):  permission given to a friend via the app. friend goes to lock. tries to unlock/tap, app checks noke (your?) servers if permission is granted for particular noke, if yes, it sends (encrypted) the permission signals to the app that relays it to the noke and which then opens it....right? question:  1. is the permission signal a stagnant/fixed key? could a b/t listener record the conversation and then later play it back to the lock to unlock it? or would the key be ever changing based on some seed & time (like used in  a lot of offices). those are more secure for the same reason right? 2. if there is no internet at that point of time when it has to open, then the noke is pretty much dead without any way to open it right? (if it can't ping your servers, no permission relay possible..) 3. for (2), is there a way to offload the permission on to the phone for later use, or especially when the warehouse/storage center where the noke is used is out in the wild, or when you're travelling to another country and data services aren't guaranteed, or when you're out on a hiking trip with no cellular signals? 4. is this case scenario valid also for the owner assigning the permissions as well? i.e. if there is no internet, or services are down, then i can't unlock my own noke 'cuz i can't ping your servers? 5. so if yuz servers are hacked (yes, if nsa and cia servers can be, anything can...right?) would that mean that all the nokes out there could potentially open all at once? (sounds like a si-fi scenario with rebels proving a point huh? :p) looks like already a lot of effort and brainstorming has gone into this, and kudos to your entire team for that! wishing you guys a lot of success. cheers!
a vote for windows phone support... without, i will have no chance to use it.
this thing looks awesome!  it is probably the fastest i've ever clicked "back this project"!  can't wait to have one for the gym.
roel, i wish i understood it well enough to explain it better but what i can say is that it is very secure. bluetooth 4.0 or bluetooth low energy, as it is sometimes called, incorporates a 128-bit aes ccm encryption algorithm. i hope this helps. thanks
thnx for the quick response. as for my question about the exhange of information that leads to the unlock, i'm trying to probe the level of security here. so how does the lock authenticate the unlocking device? is this a challenge-response based verification? if so, what key lengths are involved? or is it non-cryptographic?
roel, we should know for sure about windows phone in the next week or two max. thanks for the vote. the app just runs in the background (even on ios devices). the verification happens inside the app. when you press the shackle, noke wakes up, looks for a device with the app. the app checks to see if it has permission to open the specific lock. if it does, it sends the request and the lock opens. this request is sent over a secure bluetooth connection. this all happens very quickly (about a second in most cases). thanks
a vote for windows phone support here.. without it i'll have to revoke the pledge. by the way: what will trigger the unlock? just the presence of the bluetooth device (based on the bd address)? or does it require your app to run? if so, is there any real cryptography involved? challange/response from lock to phone?
email sent! thanks!
justin, just checked it out. looks good. send us an email at support@fuzdesigns.com patrick, thanks so much for your support. i think the easiest way to do it would be to wait until we send out the backerkit in a couple months and you'll be able to add them then. you could always increase your pledge by 20 each if you prefer. thanks again.
apologies if this was covered and i missed it.  just pledged for a 5 lock pack and would be interested in some cables.  i don't need 5 cables too!!  any way to increase my pledge incrementally to add cables, say 5 locks and 2 cables for example? great campaign!!  congrats!
i would absolutely love to be a part of the app development and/or design. message me if interested! my portfolio link is in my bio on here i think...
jared, i love it! next time you're in vegas, just shout out, "i'll bet you're using a noke!"
this is gonna change magic shows for escape artists forever. hahahahha
bradley, gotcha. that's where we may have had a disconnect. the reason we want you to click the lock is because it is asleep all the time. it only wakes up for a few seconds after you tap it. the sleeping is why the battery lasts so long. if we kept noke awake all the time, battery life would suffer.
in regards to limiting reporting via nfc, couldn't it just be set up that an nfc tap initiates the same bluetooth ping that the click of the lock does? this way it is using the same communication system, just starts with nfc rather than the physical click? just spitballing...
hello everyone. after getting some sleep, i'm ready to get back to it. before i do that, let me once again express my thanks to all of you for your generous support. you are all awesome! kane, not a bad idea but it would require an accelerometer or something like that and then memory inside to store the event. then it could share it with you when you got back to it. however, what it couldn't do it alert you in real-time. that would require some sort of cellular radio that would kill battery and cost a bunch (including a monthly cellular fee). so, this is not high on our list of things for this particular lock at this price point. rl, no, we use a much better method for anti-shim. if you take apart most locks like you show, they use springs and they are very vulnerable. we use ball bearings and a twisting mechanism that makes shimming impossible. bdtry, exactly brick, you think you're concerned about my gun. that was my wife! i was very nice to her while we shot that scene and all the way until we returned the gun to its owner :) tom, we are deciding on upgradeable firmware. we could wirelessly upgrade the firmware without needing micro-usb. benefits to upgradeable firmware is if we don't nail everything the first time. downside, it costs more for the parts. stay tuned. jared, great question. as mentioned earlier, the only communication noke has with you is when you unlock it or when someone with whom you've shared access unlocks it. the way it works is when someone with whom you've shared access unlocks it, the app sends notification to our server and it is stored in history and can send you a push notification if you have that set up in the app. for most uses, the push will be great, for others, it could get annoying. ben, we will be updating our kickstarter page in the next couple hours to reflect this but as we mentioned in the update, the back will only be removable when noke is unlocked. jared, thanks for helping out. rl,  1. we will do several drop tests in the next few weeks. drop tests will only scratch noke. it is very tough. 2. hammer is unlikely to cause any damage. a few flat strikes on solid ground with a sledge hammer will eventually cause some trouble. the same can be said for just about all padlocks though. 3. we are looking at ways to reduce what those contacts are connected to reduce the possibility of such a thing. 4. when you've shared access with someone else, they click noke, it looks for a device with the app and is looking for permission. that device will then ping our servers, get permission, then send the unlock signal to noke. this is also how the reporting happens. we are considering allowing the app to maintain a code in the user's app so it doesn't require communicating with our servers, but we have not decided to for sure how we will handle this. as with anything, it has its benefits (no need for data connection) and its drawbacks (less control by the lock owner). stay tuned on this. we will likely ask all of you in an update in about a week or two.  5. we all use similar tech on our garage door openers, car doors, etc. it is very secure. can people with enough determination hack it? probably. can you pick a normal keyed lock or combination lock? yes. again, after destroying several commercial locks in the past months, brute force is likely the biggest risk. 6. bluetooth security is pretty impressive and noke would work great on doors in workshops, etc. the tracking and sharing are perfect for commercial applications. need to give a delivery guy one time access late at night? piece of cake. adam, yes, and 7mm angelo, i loved knight rider and the a-team, etc. my family would watch those shows religiously. it is cool to see this tech come to life. seriously, think about the last time you used a key to open your car door. we will be taking all of this for granted in just a few short years. asterix, correct and correct bradley, i don't see this as something we will be adding to kevo because it does limit the reporting options, etc but i could see nfc being a great technology for a padlock. thanks everyone
@bradley, got it, i understand the use case  now.
@asterix, i understand that not every phone has nfc, this would obviously be for those who do, and i also agree that it doesn't solve help if you want to put the phone in a locker (which is solved by switching it to a code only mode as put forth by the creators in an earlier comment). however, this would be an option for the individual who locks something in their home (ie - a gun case as is shown in the video) and does not want it to be able to be opened simply because they are nearby, but also doesn't want to have to complete a click code. i do see that it is not a lot of users, but nfc is also not an expensive antenna to add and it would then only require some additional programming to add a click code/nfc combo to the mode options.
@bradley, not all phones have nfc, they have an option to turn off the auto-unlock feature and even if nfc is supported it does not help if you want to put the phone in the locker while going to shower in the gym.
i would love for you guys to add an nfc unlock option as a stretch goal. this would allow a non-click code option that also doesn't allow for a lock to be unlocked just because the phone is within the proximity of the lock.
@jared, you are correct that the lock communicates only when the phone is in range and does not otherwise.
@tom wyne, i am guessing they will have upgradable firmware and with bluetooth they should be able to upgrade it over the air without need for cables.
such a great project.  ok guys, can't contain my giddiness here b/c you know how tablets were 'invented' years ago by looking at old episodes of star trek?  not sure if you're aware but years ago i was watching netflix episodes of knight rider and kitt, i kid you not, unlocks a key-only padlock for michael from hundreds of feet away when prompted by walkie talkie watch. no internet back then, no networking, how in the bejeezus does that happen...suspension of disbelief i guess.  anyway, your project immediately make me think of this hilarious scene and i can't believe this functionality is now plausible and i love it. sorry i couldn't find the clip on youtube for you, i looked very hard!
hi, two quick questions, 1. does this meet all safety regulations regarding the bluetooth 2. what is the diameter of the metal at the top so i know whether it will fit on my locker thanks!
oops....sorry, replace camera* with lock
hi i'd like to know how the camera would react in a number of ways.  1. basic drop test survival from various angles and heights 2. damage from say a hammer from someone trying to break in. would the electronics go all fuzzy and open/lock up? 3. if the port is exposed, could someone with malicious intent just slide it open and fry the internal circuitry by either flooding it with water or dropping in acid through a dropper? 4. if i assign someone else to be able to open the lock, how would the lock know? or is the lock just looking for an encrypted "key"? 5. if (4) is true, could someone listen in on the bluetooth conversation with a listening device and record the app/phones response for authentication to get the lock to open? i'm all in for the tech, but i'm just hesitant about exposed electronics and the actual safety of the bluetooth standard. in my (limited) experience, i haven't seen bluetooth devices work out too well in security applications in the long run. hoping this is different. also, are these big/strong enough to be used on shutters like in workshops and storage spaces to replace those heavy padlocks?
i want to know the electronics will be secure or not after drop test.
@ben they were looking to remove that easy access option for that reason.  they are thinking to change it so its inaccessible while locked.  check out the latest update for more info.
i'm stoked with this product, so i'm a backer of x5 units.  just wondering about how easy it is to change the battery? meaning will the ease of access to replace the battery reduce the locks security? cheers ben
i assume primary communication is via bluetooth. so i'm a little confused as to how the app communicates the status/updates of the locks status.   does this mean then that the app will only update when you're within range? or does it communicate another way...or am i not understanding the limits of bluetooth? my concern is my perception that the battery and unlock alerts/shares will only be in retrospect the next time you click the lock (activating the pairing).  if, in the interest of saving the battery, the pairing is limited to times after the lock has been clicked, how does it give a live status update?  i could potentially see the bluetooth pairing with another mobile device and unlocking trigger data to be sent via the app which you subsequently receive the alert via the app on your device; but how would the battery alert you since no interaction occurs except after click?
just a thought, will it have upgradable firmware?  inclusion of an internal micro-usb would presumably support that.  i'm thinking of bug fixes, but might also be useful for future enhancement or upgrade of the bluetooth stack?
holy cow.  right around 1 min 24 seconds and you know this video wasn't made in brooklyn.  vo -  "one time passcode...." b roll - woman unlocking a handgun
@bdtry, thanks :)
@rl no, those combination locks are different. these locks appear to use a ball bearing locking system that is shim proof. it was developed at least 40-50 years ago.
@creator will noke used same as this anti-shim system? that's look are not really safe http://www.youtube.com/watch…
another feature that should be pondered is the ability to see if someone attempted to gain access while you were away. possibly, prior to the blue indicator light appearing, have a red indicator light flash. the same concept safes use if a intruder tries to gain access multiple times.
kane, great questions. no fee like kevo. bluetooth 4.0 will be around for a very long time and likely be backwards compatible for years like bluetooth 2.0 is still. regarding strength, i'd put ours at about a 7-8 on their scale. thanks
the lock is compatible with bluetooth 4.0. with technological advances becoming an everyday occurrence, what happens when bluetooth 4.0 gets a makeover? will the lock therefore become obsolete? i currently use the best locks (as far as strength) i could find. how might these locks compare to non-bluetooth competitors as far as strength and durability? master lock rates their locks on a scale 1-10 on how difficult it may be to cut. how would you rate these. one last question. with kevo, kwikset's bluetooth deadbolt, when you want to send someone a "key" you have to pay a fee for each key you send. will a similar policy be implemented?
asterix, we will certainly have a cover for the port. alexander, that's a great suggestion. we will look into that. i think that's something we could add. we should be able to extrapolate approximate battery level to keep you informed. that really is a great suggestion.
i don't know if it is possible, but would like some sort of battery level logging to occur automatically. i don't want to have to remember to check the battery level when i am at near the lock. instead, i want to be able to bring up the app on my phone and check to see how the battery was doing the last time i locked the noke.
also if going the micro usb route need a way to close  it using a rubber insert like in cameras or something to be able to make it ip 65
knight, we could probably throw one in the box for you.
@creater, to be honest i don't have micro-usb cables. all i have is my lighting cable for my iphone. that's it lol. i'm not a gadget type of guy.
knight. we are going to consider a few options but micro-usb is the smart choice. you probably have dozens of those cables lying around, so it should be no problem at all.
congrats on getting funded. i read the update and i'm intrigued in this "jumpstart" you mentioned, i hope there won't be an accessory that i'll probably lose and won't be able to unlock the noke if the battery is dead.
nathan, we think that would look pretty nice as well.
i vote for a black noke. i seriously would want to switch to that. the idea of this lock to me is to have the security of a lock, but eliminate the hassle of putting a code in and remembering it. its supposed to fade into the background (like apples touch id). having a stealth black option would only help to further make the lock discrete.
grant, thanks. ramon, thanks, a silicone port cover would be a good solution to keep the port water resistant as well. similar to galaxy s5, etc bdtry, excelent questions. i'll hit them one at a time. regarding being first, that one is debatable. inasmuch as they didn't get funded, we feel pretty good about being the first one available. regarding the idea of it, they weren't first with that either. on a side note, theirs was a bit of a cross between a padlock and a carabiner. they reference that a bunch in the video. it was a much weaker design as the shackle just slid into an open "c" shaped opening rather than a circle shaped hole. in any event, i think theirs w as very cool looking design. ok, on to the other questions. -"sniffing" is not something that has been reported as a big problem with other bluetooth locks so we don't see that as the biggest concern. bluetooth is inherently safe. i'm sure with enough persistence, it is possible but i would guess a dremel would be an easier way to get inside. -there is actually a piece of metal that interacts with a notch on the shackle that prevents it from being pushed down too far. the switch moves approximately 3mm but the shackle can only move about1.5 to 2 before it bottoms out so it won't knock the switch off the pcba. -7mm -planned 2mm but we will test strength and adjust accordingly -we plan on using steel for the body -electronics will be very secure. we are also considering adding dampening materials if it seems necessary -when the shackle is pressed down, it pushes a piece of metal into a slot on the back to prevent it from twisting -check out our update. based on feedback, we have decided to change that thanks
@bdtry, rolling uuids
@asterix sniffers can be very small, if you use it on a bike or a locker somebody can hide a sniffer on the bike next to you or in the next locker. and not everybody has to be a sophisticated hacker, the ones that would use this kind of attack would be the ones specifically targeting these types of locks.
@bdtry, one has to be very close to sniff as the range is 10 ft only. it can be set lower as well. also if they use encryption and rolling uuids it's difficult. not all people are sofphesticated hackers.
@asterix, by definition it is a padlock since it has a shackle. http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/padlock
@bdtry, that is not a padlock. that's a lock that's all. they did not get funding on ks.
also, it is not the worlds first bluetooth padlock. http://teolock.com/
let me expand on the battery jumping thing from previous posts. one thing that may cause problems especially with water resistance ratings is an opening for insertion of a pin and i think the best solution is for you guys to bundle some sort of jumper with the lock and you can either use qi to charge it or just put a simple terminal on the bottom or back of the lock that the jumper can attach to and power the lock with a aa battery or something.  you could even make this device like a unique key that would open the lock for people that don't want to connect to their phones or their phones are not available.  just another option i'm throwing out there and btw congratulations on hitting your goal in less than 16 hours.
so, i have a few questions. i am from a forum of lock enthusiasts and we are quite interested in your lock. here are some questions and concerns that have been brought up. what about "sniffing"? the communication between the phone and the lock? could the signal be duplicated? if you use the lock in the same place every day it would be simple to put something near by to catch signals. on the bottom of the heel of the shackle (long end what you call the shank) there is a button to activate the lock. what if somebody were to come along and give the bottom of the lock or the top of the shackle a good smack with the hammer? would this break that switch and render the lock inoperable? how thick is the shackle? how thick are the sides of the lock and the face plates? are they strong enough to prevent somebody from smashing the face of the lock and destroying any boards? what material is the body and parts going to be made of? a cheaper zamac alloy for parts and similar can simply be melted inside the lock with a torch. you showed the lock on the back of a trailer. what kind of testing have/will you do to determine if it can handle the roughness, shaking, bouncing, vibrating, etc that being on the road can present? will all the electronics be secure? when taking the back off to replace the battery, it appears to screw off. how is it held in place? what if somebody took a pair of slip jaw pliers or a money/pipe wrench to the back and tried turning it off? you also said that you can use a pin to replace the battery when it is dead and you can't open the lock. will a pin allow somebody to remove the rear cover? this would mean anybody could remove it and attack the lock from the inside. rendering even the beefiest lock childs play to break into
i would have to agree that we should keep the design streamlined. and hopefully the battery algorithm is accurate enough that you should get enough warning to change battery. jumping noke with micro usb sounds like great idea congrats on being funded so quickly!!
asterix. my thoughts exactly. and on that note, it looks like we just got funded. we will be sending out an update shortly, but i just want to say it here as well. thanks to all of your generous support. for your comments and suggestions. it really means the word to us and we will do everything we can to make you proud to say you backed an awesome fŪz designs product.
congrats!
noke not nike
yeah, i pledged for another ks where they expose pins and let user connect an external battery to jump it. or may be a micro usb port that can be used with charge banks. i like this as it might give nike much more structural integrity and not having to carry a pin
asterix, we can create one tomorrow. however, based on popular feedback, we may move away from that and just keep back closed unless unlocked and let users "jump" noke if battery dies. keep an eye on the update in the next couple hours. i believe this is a more secure solution than we originally planned. this is the type of thing that makes kickstarter so awesome. user comments and feedback can really help us nail the details. thanks
awesome.  <$1000 away from the goal.  stretch goals...stretch goals :p
@creators, a gif for the battery open using pin please?
@voon, accelerometer, while very useful, drains battery really quickly. also can give false positives and can quickly get annoying.  what these guys have done is brilliant in that ble is used only for opening operation.  it really means no battery used for locking and after locked and after opened states.
voon buang, great questions. 1. noke is not really designed to work with home automation products. those usually use wi-fi, z-wave, or zigbee. noke uses bluetooth. if the devices you're looking at support bluetooth, they might work with noke, but don't plan on it. 2. not really applicable. that being said, if you give access to somebody and they open the lock, you will get notification and it will be recorded in history. 3. na.  4. you can set the alerts to tell you any time it opens, so if that happened, you'd get an alert. thanks.
q1. can this lock work with any home automation system to remote control the lock through internet? (e.g. the stack box https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1561203377/the-stack-box-a-smart-home-controller or ninja sphere https://ninjablocks.com/ or smart things http://www.smartthings.com/) q2. if q1 is possible, then we will be able to get notify through internet if the lock is open while primary device is moving away, or open not by primary device, or the lock is not locking properly, or unauthorized open, or open by any other authorized device, or....etc. q3. if q1 is possible, then including an accelerometer can help to increase the home security system. e.g. we can get notify if somebody touching the lock. q4. will the app sending alert if the user walk away from the lock in open position, as a reminder to the user to close the lock when he/she is away?
wow only been two days and you'll be funded!! great job as usual, glad i got the heads up from my previous backing
awesome! thanks for your fast response
jaime, standard watch battery. right now, we are using a 3032 battery. we may consider using 2 x 2032 batteries because they are easier to find in retail stores. they would last just as long as one 3032. astrix, i totally agree on the stretch goals comment. we have done this before so we know what works and doesn't. things like painting the lock a different color doesn't slow things down a bit. having a developer work on a microsoft phone app for us would not slow us down. maybe making a silicone cover to protect your lock and your bike wouldn't slow us down. it's those types of things we are considering. we certainly don't intend to change the lock in any significant way. astrix, we have a prototype. it works great. however, you couldn't pay me enough to take a sledgehammer to it. once we make tooled samples, we will gladly show you some torture test for you. it should be fun. the pebble watch thing is something we can look into. to your point earlier, we'd need to see enough interest to justify spending significant time on it. let's see how it goes. thanks
you know one thing that'd be cool is to allow pebble watch to open the lock.
can you please show a gif of using the pin to replace the battery. also another video of taking a sledgehammer to noke if possible. sorry to ask but i want to understand the failure point. to prevent hacking i might lock it and remove the battery if i am overly paranoid. also have you checked of any methods to brick the lock by erasing or corrupting the nvm on noke?
while we are are interested in stretch goals, @creators, please be responsible and be steadfast on what kind of goals are possible without delays and scope creep. remember that we like the product as is and that's what we are currently signing up for. i am sure you being veterans of ks will know this and won't let it happen. i just saw a second time ks creator got lost and people asking for refunds after getting close to 800k.
what kind batteries does it take?
stevens, thanks so much. we are already thinking of a couple good ones. please continue to help spread the word. the more we raise, the easier it is to throw in more features and add more functionality in the apps (including things like windows phone support). thanks so much to all of you for all your help!
nice project with a cool design. this campaign will hit the ceiling! you can start thinking about some stretched goals, you gonna need it ;p
henk, yes quick-click won't be set up until you enter in your own preferred code. i still think it's a good idea just in case, but we certainly won't force you to use it. jared, no problem at all. noke stores this information in non-volitile memory, like a usb memory stick so we won't need to worry about that. good question. thanks
sorry if this was clarified, but looking at the recent comments, i'm not sure.  regarding battery life and replacement.  i understand from your comments and description that if the battery dies, it is still manually replaceable and will remain locked until it is opened via one of your click or bluetooth connection formats. however, is there a point where the security information is lost as well?  ie. if my battery die and i don't know for say 6 mo., when i put the battery in, will the security information still be stored there and recognize my pairing or click code?  perhaps its just my lack of knowledge on the way that type of information is stored.  passive storage like a usb stick?
great project., although it is a bit funny to remember a quick-click when one is forgetting combinations (one thing noke is about to solve) :). q: is it possible to deactivate quick-click?
michael, we are currently doing those tests on noke as we speak so it will be a few days before we can say definitively. based on what we know now, i think -10 or so should be just fine but we need to do these extra tests to verify really low temps. stay tuned, we will let you know the results of these tests shortly.
what is the operating temperature for this unit? i'm planning on using it for my shed outside and it can get as cold as -40c (-40f) in the winter
rl, it's designed to go there as it's the most standard part of most bikes. you could probably mount it just about anywhere. we will include a shim to adjust to a few different sizes and it also has a small bolt and nut that will allow it to accommodate a wider variety of sizes. but, it wouldn't fit on a really thick post very easily.
the bike mount only fit on seat post?
sorry for the slow reply. we were just on our local nbc news showing off the noke. we will post a link shortly.  andrey, we will certainly do quite a bit of weather testing. we expect ip66 or ip67 for dust and water resistance. we also expect noke will handle heat and cold well because it is using a standard watch battery, but we will need to get tooling done before we can confirm exactly how hot and cold noke can handle at the extremes. ucheltmel, we will be using backerkit for the surveys so if you pledged for three noke today, you could add the lock on later without any trouble.
nvm i read what you said...
this sounds like an interesting device, a quick question though. what would happen if your phone became dead and you forgot the quick click code, what to do then?
please test noke outside in different weather conditions. actually i want to use it outdoor in summer and winter. there can be a relatively extream weather conditions such as snow/ice and the temperature down to -30 degrees celcium. i wonder if it can be used this way?
i have pledged for the noke 3 pack, but also want just one fuz cable and bike mount to go along with it. is there any way for me to pledge for these additions? this is a great project and i'm super hyped up to get them!
maurice, thanks. it takes just under a second in most cases. it's very quick.
hi, greetings from ireland. i backed the everdock and everdock duo and love them! how long does it take between clicking the noke and it opening, is it instant or is there a delay with the bluetooth interaction with the phone? also would love to see colours if it's anything like the everdock this is going to rock! wishing you continued success. maurice
thanks for the help astrix. that range will be able to be reduced by the app of necessary. also, you can disable auto-unlock if necessary to avoid unintentional access.
brilliant!! thanks for the sneers @creators
@logan 10ft
how far is the range for the bluetooth? i don't want someone to get into my storage unit while i am sleeping in the house next door.
just wanted to show my interest in a windows phone 8 app
marc, colors are a possibility as a stretch goal. stay tuned.
astrix, 1. correct 2. minimum 6. maximum 16. 3. noke waits for 2 seconds and then flashes a red light 4. stop pressing button, wait 2 seconds for you to see wrong code and then start over 5. yes 6. great idea. we will look into this. shouldn't be difficult 7. noke is always designed to locked if anything goes wrong 8. that's how the mechanics are designed. it uses no power to stay locked 9. agreed 10. something like that would be pretty cool. we actually have a design that works with bluetooth and/ or key. we may make something like that in the future, but it will certainly need to be a different product. thanks for all your questions.
ok, let's get these questions answered: standby battery usage is almost nothing. that's why we have a button inside to wake noke up. it is not using any power at all searching for things. so, if you don't use noke for an extended period of time, it will last much longer. we aren't prepared to say exactly how long until we've performed more tests. small improvements in pcba design and components can improve all of this even more and we are still refining those areas. as mentioned in the faqs, you'll have access to the battery compartment with a special pin.  if the battery dies, you can just replace it that way and then open noke the way you normally would. if you forget code, or lose your phone, you may reset it by downloading the app on another device and resetting the password like you would if you lost your password on any traditional website. of course, if the bystander has a smartphone, just download the app, login, and you'll be all set. we will look into using rolling uuids diff, good question. the noke only pairs to one primary device. you must give other devices permission through the app. noke won't "pair" to multiple devices in the way you'd expect. bluetooth 4.0 has a much different process of communicating than traditional bluetooth. you don't need to go to settings or anything like that. astrix, i'll answer your 10 questions in the next post so this won't be such a long post. hang on one minute.
love this thing! just bought three. will there be color options?
what's the standby battery usage rate for the lock. i.e. if i lock it and not go near it how many years can it hold charge? it won't notify since i am not going to be nearby if its going to drain out right ? so what happens to the lock if it completely drains out and i come back after 3 years to my storage unit?
what happens if i lock my phone inside my locker and forget the quick-click code?  get a bystander, install the app, log in and open? doable but might be hit by the umbrella is  the bystander is a old lady :)
also,  do you use rolling uuids ? you should if you don't. also use encryption? also the cloud feature should be optional
so does the phone send a password of some type to the noke? or does it just unlock it because it's paired? what's to stop others pairing and opening it?
thanks for the prompt answers. 1. so if i turn off the auto-unlock feature the way to unlock it is to use quick-click right? 2. regarding quick-click. is there a limit on how long the code should be?  3. how do you indicate a wrong code?  4. how does one clear a wrong click and start over?  5. can you use the led to act as a visual aid with the quick click 6. agree that thieves just throw the lock or leave it. the finder function is more to use if i misplaced the lock somewhere in the house. you know when we hold it in doing something and someone calls and the cat takes it and puts it under the sofa :) 7. so can i drill through the lock and disable the electronics ? if so what does the lock know to remain locked in that state?  8. the lock should clamp shut when there is a catastrophic electronics failure due to shock by hammering or direct intrusion as a result of drilling. 9. yes having an accelerometer is a huge drain on the battery and if implemented should be allowed to turn on/off from the app. 10. i want a smaller lock to use on luggage a and one that also has the tsa key so that tsa doesn't take a blow torch to my luggage. this can be infinitely challenging at this stage of the campaign and difficult to consider but one that can be very useful not to take keys on travel.
matt, thanks so much. great idea on the fingerprint scan. it's not possible in ios 7 but i believe they are working on that functionality in ios 8. this should be doable. no promises until we better understand what ios 8 can do, but i feel pretty good about the possibility.
loved your first two projects...best run kickstarter campaigns i've backed. on another note... i don't know if this is possible in ios yet but i'd love to see the noke connection request on the lock screen, then use fingerprint scan (or passcode) to unlock.
love it! great work!
audrey. before launching, we wanted to be careful about resources and we weren't sure if demand would be high enough for windows phones. however, based on initial requests, we may need to do something about windows. i think that's great. we've actually had somebody email us already volunteering to create a windows phone app, so chances are pretty good. we will need to verify this over the next couple days but i'm cautiously optimistic. juan carlos, there is a battery meter in the app and it will give you warning when it gets low. it will give you about 2 months warning so it shouldn't be much of a problem. there is a manual way to get to just the battery and replace if necessary.
any chance of implementing a battery meter for the app?
sorry if this was answered already but is there a notification when the battery gets low or is dead?  how can you unlock the noke if the way to replace the battery lies in unlocking it?  is there a manual unlock?
windows phone support is desperately needed. i hope the wp app will be released some day. it would be much more convenient for my family since we have wp users. anyway the whole idea is really great! p.s. hope you will also test the lock at low temperatures (e.g. with the ice on the lock). good luck with the campaign!
asterix, great questions. 1. two solutions to that. one of which we failed to mention anywhere else, so i apologize for that. you can always turn off auto-unlock in the app if you need to. updating faqs to reflect this. you can also reduce the range of noke in the app. 2. click works as long as noke is charged. primary use of quick-click would be if you lost your phone or battery is dead on your phone. another popular use would be to lock your phone in a locker. just turn off auto-unlock and use quick click to open it. 3. we could do it. another problem with finder function is if somebody used a dremel to break your lock, they aren't likely to be carrying your broken lock around with your bike. they'd just toss it in the trash. that being said, we will look into this functionality. it may be fun just for social purposes as well as bike sharing. 4. steel 5. not a bad idea. biggest problem is it would constantly be using a little bit of power, thus reducing battery life a little. the other issue as far as reporting theft is it would need a phone close by to transmit that it is being tampered with. putting that functionality in the lock itself would be very expensive and really bad on the battery.  6. i'll update the kickstarter page when i get to the office in a couple hours with approximate weight and dimensions. 7. pretty well. it can dent similarly to traditional padlocks. we plan on using a powder coat finish which is very durable. 8. the electronics and mechanism are physically separated so we don't anticipate any problems there. also, it's more of a grease that is used for lubrication so it doesn't spread much. great questions.
just read the faq. have some questions 1. so if i use this to lock my trailer and i am in the car can anyone open the lock since it's less than 10 feet?  2. does the click code open mechanism work even when the battery is not drained? in other words can i use either the phone or the click code to unlock it. 3. like @ramon asked do you have a finder function in your app to search for the lock when i've misplaced it. i know the range is small and it's a bummer for the finder function. 4. what is the external metal casing made of? 5.  it would be nice to add an accelerometer to detect movement of the lock and/or sawing. 6. what's the weight? 7. how does it perform with drop tests? can it get a dent 8. what about putting oil to keep the movements smooth. will that affect the electronics.
@grant. both of these company's are great communicators. that's why i back them. great product too.
knight, yes that's easy. we have a little switch in the app that allows you to use "auto-unlock" or manual unlock where you press a button. sorry, i should have mentioned that before. i can see where this would be useful.  grant, i'll update the faqs to address this. short version on quantities is you should be able to adjust your pledge to any of the pledge levels if you want to upgrade. rl, thanks, the lock is going to use hardened boron for the shaft so it will be very string. we are planning on a 3/8 inch thick braided cable that is also very strong. all locks are still susceptible to being cut if someone is determined enough, but our solution is very secure. juan carlos, thanks. let's keep spreading the word and see if we can get there today :)
9:00am launch day and you are about 1/4 of the way there.   that's awesome!
@creator, good idea, but how strong are the lock and cable?
@fuz design please update rewards menu for add-ons. eg if we want to add a lock to existing pledge levels that don't include them. say if i pledge for three noke's but want to add two locks. please add to faq also
i just backed this lock and my first concern is what dave already mentioned. i would rather unlock this via the app instead of just being near it. i wouldn't want to go past the lock and it unlocks it. will this be an option?
@ kemar nice to see a fellow nudeaudio/everdock backer
@creators. just back the noke. the everdock was a great experience, so im backing the noke. the everdock and super m were some of the best experience i had on kickstarter. go noke.
juan carlos, thanks for your continued support. you're awesome. larry3000, good question. i'll go update the faqs now. we anticipate it will be approximately 2m or 6ft.
can you let us know, how long is the cable?
another awesome product, i'm signed up for 2!   thanks again fŪz!
dave, yes, you'll be able to share access with others easily within the app. and, if they make you mad, you can remove it too ;)
ramon and lee, thanks for your continued support. you're going to love noke. george, yes, we will be using backerkit when we process everything, so adding additional chains will be a piece of cake. thanks. kelvin, what you're suggesting is a great idea. it shouldn't be too difficult to do something like that. dave, i've actually been corresponding with somebody on engdaget about that and i'm about to add it to the faqs. we have purposefully limited the range of noke to 10ft. that will eliminate most instances where you would have a problem being close enough to noke that somebody could unlock it without your knowledge. in addition, we will allow you to get notifications when unlocked and also reduce the range to the point where you phone needs to be right next to noke to unlock it. these features will make noke even more secure.
also can you pair more than one device! my partner should also be able unlock the gate with her phone as well.
i am concerned that i may be "near by" and therefore anyone could unlock it. could you have an option so you have to click "unlock" in the phone app to unlock the device as an alternate to being in range? i would use these on my house gates but sometimes i may be close to the device but in the house.
hi. noted you added a cool feature to replace a dead battery when locked using a pin.  may i know if this method is only workable when the battery is completely dead?  if not, it would not be secure isn't it as a pin access will be available at all times?
my first suggestion since this is using ble, include some sort of tracking to the app very much like the tile or pebblebee (here on ks).  including tracking into this would be excellent if you forget where you parked your bike as you can use ble to pinpoint where it is exactly.
looking forward to this.. when time comes, please allow us to add cables to our 5 pack! thanks..
abother awesome idea, good luck !! :-)
another awesome project!  looking forward to my new noke.
you guys have no idea how this was my easiest kickstarter decision ever just based on how my experience was with you guys on the everdock.  this is a game-changer you guys have here and i cannot wait to get mine.  i don't even have a use for a padlock at this time but i'm getting this because i will make a use for it.  we will definitely talk about additional features as the days progress.
dmitriy, i noticed that. that was quick! thanks so much for your continued support.
i am enjoying a number of your docks in my house and i am proud to be the first backer in your newest venture.  good luck.
