http://tempsreel.nouvelobs.com/galeries-photos/culture/20150911.obs5665/grand-format-il-a-photographie-1-000-arrets-de-bus-de-l-ex-urss.html
hello. when it will arrive to me in russia? :)
same here from germany. very nice book, thanks again!
good things take a while. arrival confirmation from germany, 2 books arrived in excellent condition today. thank you!
just picked up mine in sweden. awesome!
received mine (belgium) in perfect condition. great piece of collection. ghostly places that inspire. thanks for sharing all your time, work and efforts ! thanks a lot m. herwig
mine came yesterday (slovakia), thanks very much!
mine came in yesterday, to finland, in very good condition. thanks!
received mine today (in belgium) - wonderful work; what a unique project - thank you!
got mine in taiwan! awesome!
just got mine in singapore, south-east asia. lovely work, thanks for a great project!
got mine yesterday, beautiful, stylish book. quality! (netherlands)
i got mine today (france). very nice book. i only have to complain about the package who is very light. hopefully my book was undamaged.
this book is just the most wonderful record of how even the most humble of structures, in the least likely places, can be packed with inventiveness, personality and sheer joy. i bloody love it, thank you christopher.
received my copy a few days ago. my girlfriend (who's been to russia) and i love it!
if anyone got three extra copies, they're mine...
got my 3 copies + print. all i can do is second what most everyone has said already- wish i had ordered more right away... @christopher, do you think it would be possible to get more printed??
got mine in the mail yesterday.  looks great and loved going through it!  very nice quality.
mine arrived today - just gorgeous! the book is well done, and the photography is an amazing work of art. i have to second dezarii, and say i should've ordered extras.  if you have excess you need to sell, just send a message. so glad you did this!  thank you
my book arrived today and i love it – every page is beautiful. my only regret is that i didn't purchase extra copies.
just got my book today, and i am totally blown away. it is perfect, really really well done. thanks so much for putting this together!
my two copies of soviet bus stops arrived today. they are absolutely brilliant! the quality of the photographs is superb, both technically and artistically, and the book itself is beautifully put together. all in all a terrific project that is visionary and obsessive in the best way. i am very pleased to have backed this project.
hey guys i thought we'd have this by now? awesome book but i'm going away in early september and back in mid october, any chance it will be delivered before or after that? i don't want it sitting on my doorstep for a month.
looks awesome! really leoking forward to getting the package on my doorstep :) fantastic work.
the books are all printed, and i have seen an advance copy of it and i am very pleased. the full shipment will shortly be on their way to me by boat from china. i should have all the books mid august and will post them as quickly as i can. here is a sneak preview of the book on the facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
hi, the wait is forever, any updates on my delivery..
it’s still 2+ months to delivery, and the last update says that everything is in order, so i’m not too worried. would be good if we can get updated on any major happenings once in awhile though.
author just updated: "personally i can’t wait to get my hands on the final copies" ...not as much as me, not as much as us....
disappointed at the complete radio silence since this was funded.
updates?
concur! i'd be thrilled to see any additional reward or refinement of the book itself.
congrats!!!!!   since you are 5x the goal, are you planning any added gifts to backers :)  or (better yet) expanding the book somehow?
do sad that no reward at all are left, never saw this on any other kickstarter.
will all of the reward of this project be gone!?
i drive past some of these fabulous bus stops here in armenia regularly.  so glad chris has immortalized them before they disappear.
i have to say i'm quite excited for this. i spent three weeks of my summer last year driving through ukraine and russia, and the diversity and originality of all the bus stops i drove past.
i love the idea! just sad that the book is "only" 128 pages short ;)
so bizarre.... yet so awesome...
you made it!!!
well done for day 1!!
