it's been months since the international supporters were promissed the option of buying a year's worth of replacement filters. i've responded with the requested details, but nothing happened. i like soma, however for months i can not use it as anything but a carafe. if there was no clear plan to serve international supporters, then you should have stated so in the campaign instead of turning your back on people that helped soma take off.
hi, i have not received my filters as promised. what is going on?
sorry .....but this is funny... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
just tried it as a goldfish tank / bowl  looks funny
using  it as a vase now. best job for it
hi kickstarters (and happy march)! since 2012, we have been determined to test the soma water filter to the best standards, but also in a way that would demonstrate the most accurate every-day use capabilities. we are so excited to announce that soma has passed the gold standard of water filtration! the water quality association (wqa) tested soma to nsf/ansi standard 42 requirements for materials safety, and chlorine, taste and odor reduction. we then reached out to pace analytical to test more specific contaminants both at epa contaminant regulation levels and at nsf standard 53 levels. the soma water filter has been third-party verified to reduce lead, selenium and arsenic levels! we hope to continue to test more contaminants moving forward, but this is a great start! thank-you so much for being patient with us through these early days. we are so happy to finally share the great news with you! raise your glass, the soma team
@amy i hope that we were able to help resolve the situation! let us know if you need anything else.
when we had to create an account in order to get our kickstarter rewards, you said the credit card we entered would not be charged unless we purchased additional items. i have not purchased anything beyond my ks reward, but my card has been charged by soma. i tried emailing you, but haven't received a response. please contact me so we can resolve this unauthorized charge - issue a credit to my card & delete my account so this can't happen again.
my apologies - i never noticed you sent requests for my address back in august.  thank you and looking forward to receiving the product!!
@jared thanks for letting us know about your soma! i will be sending you an email about the status of your product. we are working hard to ensure that our product is living up to the soma name. we will make sure to alert the kickstarter community on any updates that we have.
i still haven't received my early bird special. am i one of the only backers who hasn't received anything yet or are there many of us?  also, when can we expect all the kinks to be worked out and receive our beautifully functioning filters in the mail?
good job on passing standard 42!  now will we hear about standard 53?
hi everyone! thanks for being so patient! we can't believe a year has already gone by since we received funding from our kickstarter backers! (did we mention how great we think you are?!) 2013 was an exciting year, with product development and the launch of the soma carafe. we learned a lot about starting a company, and developing a passionate team. a year later, we are eager to continue growing, and to extend the knowledge of the soma brand. while we want to continue expressing our gratitude to you, here are the updates you are looking for, regarding filter certification and lid functionality: – the water quality association (wqa) has officially announced that the soma filter is tested to nsf/ansi standard 42 requirements for materials safety and chlorine, taste and odor reduction! we are currently undergoing more independent third-party testing to validate other more rigorous in-house filtration tests. we are working on revamping the website, so with that will come more updates and a better presentation of information. :) – we have received a few messages regarding the functionality of the soma lid. we are currently testing a sample set, to ensure that we fully comprehend any issues that may be occurring. moving forward, we hope to address these problems that this small group customers may be experiencing. as we move through 2014, we hope to update you more often! in the meantime, if you have any questions please reach out to us at hello@drinksoma.com, or check out our support page www.drinksoma.com/support – the soma team
@gene thank you for your comment. i have had a similar experience and was beginning to wonder if it was just me.
i wanted to love my soma, but a few months of daily use have left me disappointed. + the lid doesn't operate as it should. it requires too much water pressure to force the top flap open when filling the reservoir. and the little spout flap is a joke (i end up with more water on the counter than in my glass). the folks at soma sent me replacement lids, but there's no difference. + the glass of the pitcher sweats terribly. i'm always mopping up after my soma. + the form factor is attractive but doesn't feel good in the hand. a great idea poorly executed.
a fecking update would be great
so at this point, should i assume that the certification failed? i'm guessing you guys are working on the filter now to make it better... to provide a solution for us if the certification did fail, and get properly certified.
does anybody else have issues with how the lid works? my initial lid didn't open when adding water to the unit and has an inconsistent pour profile (making it difficult to fill up a water bottle)? they sent me a new lid which worked well for a few weeks but now has the same issues as my original lid. i assume it is a function of how the lid is designed and probably not a product suitable for me, maybe i will have to go back to my brita. anyone else having similar issues?
i wanted to love my soma, but this version has fell massively short. the main problems i have are: - shipping filters from the us the way they're currently being shipped is not working... two of the filters which came with my soma were smashed open (the insides all over the place), and my replacement ones were also smashed open (i had to pay for them to be delivered too due to customs!) - what a waste of money... - after the water has sat in it for quite a long time, especially after being in the fridge i'd note, there is a clear plasticy taste to the water which has not gone after regular use. ea's are likely leeching in to the water and producing this taste, so i don't feel particular comfortable drinking the water. - speaking of the fridge, it's awkward (yet beautiful) shape means i had to adjust my fridge shelving to make it fit... doesn't fit in most standard fridges (especially european style ones) - there is quite a bad damp, musky smell which comes from the soma when you smell inside where the filter is after a few days of use... i wouldn't be surprised if you cracked the filter open that mould would be growing. do not get this problem with brita. again, this puts me off use. - it takes quite a long time for water to filter through... have to fill up 2-3 times. this is minor, but still a pain. maybe the soma v2 will be better, but for now, this was an expensive glass carafe!
@soma: a month has gone by since the last update. any word on nsf certification yet?
got my soma today, really a gorgeous design. sits nicely on my desk and looks pretty sweet alongside my mac. well done guys!
fairness update: the filter simply stopped working (no throughput) after ten days. emails to soma were answered in due time (not quickly, but they were not ignored). three weeks later i receive a new insert and a new filter. so - kudos for the response to the problem. there appears to be an honest effort to resolve problems on their part. however, other than being a container for filtered water for my dogs and cats, i will still not use this for human consumption until the filters are nsf certified. (and you dog and cat lovers, don't bitch about me watering the animals with this prior to certification - not one of their butts has an nsf sticker and that action has been going on for years without ill effect).
so i have a new use for the soma,,,i use it now as a ....wine  decanter... i found the filters don't work and with no nsf certification yet i don't trust it as a water filter might use it as a vase in the spring
do you know when you going to ship i was ask so many times to give my info but never received the product
hi everyone -- thank you for being so patient with us. things have been crazy - in a good way -here in the office. we were happy to meet @danielstrickland today. thanks for coming by and checking out our space before we move to our larger location!  also, an update on certification -- our supply chain manager just informed us that the certification body visited our manufacturing site today and it went well! this is one of the last stages of the process, so crossing our fingers that we get results ever so shortly. we are just as anxious as you all are! :)
as the most important aspect of a water filter is how well it filters water, soma should really be putting all other activities other than filtration certification on hold.
it turns out that the mold in my pitcher was totally my fault. silly me, i left the paper instructions inside the receptacle and the filter still inside its wrapping. so it turns out i haven't even been filtering my water. dana at soma was kind enough to give me a new filter and tell me about my error without making me feel like a total idiot. thanks, dana!
went to refill my soma and i too noticed black dots on the inside. i'm hoping that it is just the contents of the filter that has leaked out, my old brita always had bits of charcoal or whatever in the top, but i am concerned it it is mold. i washed the filter before thinking of taking pics. i do wish it was slightly bigger to hold more water, and that there was a way to tell when to stop filling. with the trap door its difficult to see how far the water has filled the top, which can result in overfilling. it would be nice to see the filter quality test results too.
after posting my previous comment,  saw on drinksoma.com that the filter should last for 40 gallons and that the carafe holds 48oz.  if that is true, one fill a day should not deplete the filter until  3.5 months have passed:    128 oz./gallon * 40 gallons / 48 oz. = 106.667 fills    128 oz./gallon * 40 gallons / 60 days = 85.333 oz./day    85.333 oz./day * 7 days / 48 oz. - 12.444 fills a week.
after seeing the mold comment, i took my filter out to look at it.  found a vertical crack in the wall of the filter 180 degrees from the flat side. it is now over 2 months since i received my unit.  let's see how long it takes for another filter to arrive. i no longer get a dribble problem, i just pour slower.  mostly, however, i fill the unit and put in in the fridge in the only place it fits and then transfer the water to other glass pitchers so i can start another round of water filtering. wish there was a way to easily detect when a filter is depleted, or some guidance on how many uses one should get out of a filter.  since i can not get filters in a store and have to wait for a new one by mail after two months, i am concerned that my filter is no longer working.
pretty much echo what jeffrey said. my soma sits unused in its original packaging until nsf certification is completed.
well it's been 5 days i guess soma has written off the kickstarter backers.
a review -  let’s begin with what soma is supposed to be: 1)	beautiful – they got it covered. the carafe design is pretty. the shape is fine and the look is sleek. point for soma, they met that goal. 2)	functional – it has to hold and dispense water and it does that. the lid is ingenious, falling open when water is run into the top and closing when you pour. as you pour the unfiltered water does not escape into the filtered portion. i have been able to pour all of the filtered water out completely without the messy dribbles some have experienced; perhaps i have a carafe that has no flaws on the lip. point for soma, they met this goal. 3)	operation – the filter just flat stopped working after 10 days. bad filter medium? faulty filter? maybe. i'll grant that a new product has growing pains and beta tests never uncover all flaws. for the record the water put into the filter comes from the tap. we’re not talking pond water on a survivalist episode. no points for soma because its raison d'être is absent. 4)	safety – big negative here because there is no nsf certification and no third-party certification telling you just what gets filtered, where the impurities are retained, how long they are retained, what by-products are not filtered, the rated life of the filter (months, gallons), or what exactly you are filtering for (and more importantly, what is not being filtered). negative points for soma here. result of review: i cannot recommend soma to anyone. i will not use it until the safety issues are resolved. it would be unconscionable to do so in that i cannot honestly assure anyone that the product does anything except hold water. this brings me to a final point. there are no federal regulations regarding the design or effectiveness of water filters.  but california iowa, massachusetts, and wisconsin have regulations and requirements for some types of water filters installed, sold or distributed in their state and manufacturers are supposed to submit data that their filters meet those statutes and regulations. has soma done that? are they covered by any of those state rules and regulations? i don’t know and only soma can tell us. soma professes to the aspirational goal of filtering water (“our aspirations, to bring health and happiness to millions of customers”) and the implication is the water will be filtered and their filtered water will be good for you (health). that is not an unreasonable expectation on the part of consumers. but soma is very careful in their kickstarter communication. i went back and read/viewed every update and they make no claim that their filter actually filters anything. there are only two statements that address filtering: contaminant survey results we took a survey two weeks ago on what our kickstarter backers thought were the most important items to filter. the order of priorities are: chlorine, lead, mercury, and arsenic. most importantly, thanks to your feedback, we realized that we need to expedite initial testing that we can share with all of you. we're engaging an independent testing facility this week that will allow us communicate the levels of contaminant removal. we're expecting this to be completed in august, and we'll keep you in the loop as the tests develop. we're also going through the process of certifying soma in line with nsf/ansi international standards 42 and 53 (more info here), which is a lengthy but important process. [july 25 update] filters  one of soma's most frequently asked questions is: "what contaminants does the soma filter remove?" our very own david beeman--who created water formulas for starbucks and peet's--has performed in-house testing on the soma filter. until we complete our nsf certification, we're restricted legally from making health claims, but we'll be able to share details soon. in the mean time, we wanted to get your input. the third-party tests for each contaminant need to be performed independently and sequentially. each takes 3-4 months, so we need to prioritize them. for example, should we do lead, mercury, chlorine, or arsenic first? which contaminants are you most concerned about? we'll expedite those tests first. go ahead and reply in the comments, or shoot us an email at hello@drinksoma.com. [july 11 update] they know about filtering and the safety aspects, but they have not acted. maybe the filter works. maybe it actually filters and retains serious contaminants. but maybe it doesn’t. who knows? but until there is actual test results, this product may be no better than running water through a sock. for the record, this is my experience and opinion and your results and conclusions may vary. soma could announce and publish testing data today and negate all my concerns, and if they do, it will be my aspirational goal to post an updated review immediately.
just got an email from soma - they have the audacity to pretend they have never heard from me :)  amazing! would anyone be interested if i started a website for our soma stories?  could have it up and running pretty quickly - i'm convinced i'm not alone here...quite funny how these guys operate
hi kickstarters --  this is the first time out of our 5,000+ customers that we have heard of mold growing on the filter -- we are eager to get to the bottom of this! we are continually working to improve and grow. that being said, we have been working hard to improve the international kickstarter experience -- as you are special select group of international customers that even have the product! :) if you are having any issues at all with your soma or your filters, please inform us via email at hello@drinksoma.com. we are happy to deal with any issues you throw at us; simply let us know :)
just an fyi, soma only hired their supply chain manager in july (when the units were supposed to ship) - for anyone who's wondering where their soma is.  if anyone is looking for more info on who runs soma, there is more info on linkedin.
liana - you're not alone - gave up dealing with "the soma team" months ago, but now that the product is in the hands of many, i can't say that i'm missing it much.
received my soma and a bill for $30 for duty and taxes. i would have thought that was included in the international price....
daniel: can you post some photos?
oh man i better ck mine
small dots of mold have developed on the inside of my soma's filter. has anyone else noticed this issue?
on september 19th, i emailed soma after update #21 saying that i hadn't received my soma yet. heard nothing. i followed up on september 27th saying i still hadn't receive my soma, nor has anybody emailed me back. now, i get update #22 saying soma is "now available for everyone" and i still don't have mine... nor have i heard back. today (nov 1), i sent yet another follow-up. very disappointing. like one person posted below... what's up soma????
hi there -- if your filter is not latched in, water can seep between the filter and reservoir causing some of the unfiltered water to leak through the pour hole during filtration.  please double check to make sure that your filter is securely clipped underneath the lip of the inside wall of the reservoir. if you are still having issues after you trouble shoot this, please feel free to let me know. we will figure this out together! cheers, dana & the soma team
ok is my filter not working or what the water goes through the filter so fast i dont think it is even filtering the water is this right ? my waater goes through the filter so fast it can not be working right
received the redesigned filter, and to my joy no more dribbles from the gasket/from the flap!! thanks
hi there! it has been an amazing past two months post launch and we most definitely could not have done it without you all -- our most supportive customers. we are happy to say that we are no longer backlogged from the excitement of launch. we are just as excited as you all are to receive the data from our third party testing facility. it is currently in their hands now, so we are patiently waiting to get the results back. for the time being, please know that david beeman (who created the water formula for starbuck's and peet's) has done in-house testing and found that the soma filter performs as well as or better to other comparable water filters in the market. for those of you who are having any problems -- this definitely should not be happening! please email us at hello@drinksoma.com and we will work to mitigate your issue. we are happy to help solve any issue you have at all. :)
i'm concerned about my health. i've been drinking soma everyday since i got it a month ago. maybe i'll go back to drinking fiji until testing confirms health concerns.
as others have mentioned, and i quote from a post a few below... "the water tastes like plastic." -- very disappointed. i've ran soma through the dishwasher and the taste is still there. it's way worse after being in the fridge for a while or sat out. i'd be very concerned drinking this water on a daily basis - clearly contaminated with plastic/ea's... even my normal brita filter doesn't have this issue, so very disappointed!
and today this.... hi terry, thanks for purchasing a soma. we are currently on backorder for 10-14 days. we can't wait for you to receive your soma, and when we have product available, we'll ship to: , , raise your glass, -the soma team then,, today in the post from fedex i think my soma arrives ,,,yea (one of my filters seame to be leaking tiny ( what looks like seed out ) of it ) dose anyone know what this is ..is it broken ? someone at soma need to look at there shipping program
still waiting for the results of the 3rd party certification before i use soma for every day drinking.
here is what im getting... oct 9 hi terry, thanks for providing that information. i went ahead and updated your account to push your order into our backend. i wish i could say otherwise, but from a production standpoint our launch was too successful. we have been ramping up production, but unfortunately are currently backlogged on filter orders. please excuse the slight delay on filter orders as it may be anywhere between 7 - 14 days before your soma is shipped. we're so grateful for your support as a kickstarter backer, and are so sorry about the delay. an email certainly does not do our embarrassment justice, so please give me a call or send me an email if there are any issues. thanks for understanding oct 10 hi terry, thank you so much for providing your address. i went ahead and updated your account to push an order through. i wish i could say otherwise, but from a production standpoint our launch was too successful. we have been ramping up production, but unfortunately are currently backlogged on filter orders. please excuse the slight delay on filter orders as it may be anywhere between 7 - 14 days before your soma is shipped. we're so grateful for your support as a kickstarter backer, and are so sorry about the delay. an email certainly does not do our embarrassment justice, so please give me a call or send me an email if there are any issues. thanks for understanding oct 11 hi terry, the long-awaited event finally came -- we dialed in our international carrier and entered your orders to be shipped immediately. unfortunately, due to the success of our launch and timing of assembly for your special orders, we created a backlog of filters. untimely to say the least. that said, we've acknowledged the problem and your order will ship out by tuesday the 15th. we're so sorry about this. we're so grateful for your support as a kickstarter backer, and regret that this insane delay has fallen on our most influential customers. an email certainly does not do our embarrassment justice, so please give me a call if there are any issues or if you would like further explanation. best, two points they did not send out a survey here on kickstarter,,,why ? and can i buy a soma online and get faster than been a backer here?
nice to know when it finally does arrive, i'll get to pay additional charges!  oh joy!  thanks soma team!
hi vanessa, saw your comment and want you to know you are not alone! i've had ongoing conversations with a number of members of soma, all assuring me that my soma was arriving momentarily, have received many reasons for the delays.  this campaign has been the worst i've backed on kickstarter.
hi all -- so sorry for the slight delay in posting. a few of you all mentioned that your soma is dribbling when you pour. we recently improved the design of the reservoir (which now includes a soma logo on it). the dribble may have to do with how your reservoir is sitting in the carafe or an issue with your pour flap. please email us at hello@drinksoma.com and our customer service will help you deduce what your particular issue may be. rest assured that we are feverishly working on our third party certification. as soon as we have the results, we will post them on our website. stay tuned for updates. if you have any other questions or concerns about your soma or the whereabouts of your product, please do not hesitate to reach us at our hello@drinksoma.com email! :)
we received our soma few weeks back. love the idea of the coconut water filtration system. after that it's not so much fun. this product is definitely designed in california for people with california sized homes.  yes ours dribbles too when you pour water. it is also annoying that you can't figure out how much water to put in before it rides up the side and causes more spillage.  it doesn't fit in our refrigerator nor does if fit under the faucet to fill, so we have to tip it on it's side to fill it. nice idea bad execution.
any update on the filtration tests?
i've had my soma for 2 weeks now.  i love the design.  it looks beautiful and is easy to carry.  i just don't trust my kids to handle it.  the water did have a slightly off taste the first day or so, but it has since dissipated.  the water now tastes very crisp and fresh.  on the other hand, i've noticed a few design flaws. 1 - it took a few tries, but i now know how to properly fill the pitcher.  i have to fill the top chamber and let all the water filter through, then fill it again and let it filter and then fill the chamber a third time but only half way.  once the water filters, the entire bottom of the pitcher is filled with clean water.  the first few times, i over filled and the water line rose above the filter.  on my old brita, i just filled the entire top chamber once and that was enough to fill the whole pitcher. 2 - the pitcher dribbles water creating a mess that has to be cleaned up.  i've found it easier to just remove the filter and pour the water out and avoid the mess altogether. 3 - the pour valve sometimes get stuck and won't open.  when this happens, water pours out from the sides making a big mess.  again, i've found it easier to remove the filter and pour the water out. 4 - i drink a lot of water and the soma doesn't hold a lot of water.  i would have preferred a slightly larger pitcher, so as to not have to refill the water so often.
strange that my comment from sunday was deleted. i still haven't received my soma. any word? i've had 2 emails from soma reps, starting a month ago, saying i would get my soma "any day now." i emailed the rep separately on sunday and still have had no reply. when can we expect to get our soma's? i'm really disappointed with this whole process. amazing that a coworker was able to buy one before i even got mine (and i paid for mine back in january!). what gives soma??
mine dribbles more then any nba player i have seen on tv.  water does taste good though, just have to pour over the sink if i don't want to have to clean up afterwards.
me too! i just received my soma and i ended up paying 41$ in duty fees. it's almost the retail price not cool. i wrote to soma about this. to be continued.
umm i ended up having to pay ups $37 bucks . not sure why? i know im in canada but i thought i had paid that when i backed it? and mine also trickles.
i love how gorgeous it looks! but like others i find the dribbling to be an issue. also, the water tastes like plastic. will this dissipate?
hi, i have not receive my soma. you mentioned i will receive it in 5 business days on 11 sep. so far i have not receive anything or update on this. not even shipping or tracking info. appreciate if you can let me know the status. thanks.
anyone else from canada have problems with ups?
well my brokerage problem is almost fixed. after going between government offices today i was finally able to get my package cleared, for a grand total of $0 instead of the $30 ups tried to charge me. once the ups offices open monday i can send them the paperwork and hopefully they'll complete the delivery. a few problems i found when dealing with customs: 1. the package was sent as a commercial shipment. i am not a business, will not be selling soma, and i'm not using it for business, so why is it not a personal shipment? it just adds extra headaches to get that sorted. 2. rather than shipping to my real name as was filled out in the surveys, on my payments and so on, the packages is addressed to "noisebot noisebot". it took some explaining that noisebot is my username on kickstarter, not the name of a company or the name of a person. i hope that this can be sorted so i don't have to deal with this every time a new filter is delivered. my name isn't noisebot, i'm not a business, and i don't want to have to pay $30 every time a replacement filter is delivered.
having the same dribbling problem, super annoying to clean up after trying to pour water out..kinda hard to tell when to stop when filling water. otherwise beautiful unit and water tastes clean!
(i agree with philip melemed's comments too.)
i see others are having the same problem - mine trickles too. if i bought from a store, i would return it. i hope you have a way to fix it for us and the future.
mine arrived.........i have the same issue as dan, water trickles out when you pour. i did find it to be less of an issue when it's like 50% full but at a 100%, trickles every time, that's pretty annoying.
question to soma regarding noisebot comment: what is included in canada special deal?  i was expecting all-in price.. did you do all the paperwork right? when ups brings me stuff from amazon.com, they just leave it at the door. how come noisebot have to pay extra (whatever it is).
i still haven't received anything nor a notification of a shipment???
well i got notification that my soma has arrived at the warehouse, but now i have to deal with brokerage. please do your canadian customers a favor in the future and ship with usps rather than ups, ups wants to charge me another $30 for delivery/brokerage fees, so now i have to go down to the cbsa and clear customs myself. apparently there was "power of attorney" documentation missing as well, and ups thinks i'm a business.
hi did you ship mine ? please let me know thanks terry
hey, i actually did that twice already, tried the site, that didn't work, communicated twice with a wonderfully nice customer service person....but no soma. i am sad.......
hi all - so sorry for all of you who have not received your soma. looks like about 50 people somehow slipped through the cracks of our backend and their somas were not shipped on time. we're working around the clock to fix this, and are shipping everything out early next week. if you're one of those people, please write us at hello@drinksoma.com (we have a wonderful full-time customer support person now) and we'll take care of you. everyone else, hope you're enjoying your soma!
i am glad you have hit the jackpot but where is my filter? have you sold my unit too? from http://greatist.com/health/news-soma-water-filter-091913 "as of monday, september 16, soma water filters are available for sale to the public. since launching drinksoma.com, del ponte says the company has sold thousands of the $49 filtration systems."
@y. chung - great! we'll keep you posted.
arrived today.  beautiful unit and great packaging.  the top label came off so i was not exactly sure how to open the pitcher (i did not know where the (x) was supposed to be.  you may need better graphics or labeling outside of the filter unit. the only place it fits in my refrigerator is in the gallon-milk-bottle shelf in the door, otherwise too tall; less than 1/2 inch shorter would be ok.  i do get a dribble when i pour if the glass pitcher edge is not over the edge of the drinking glass.  so how do i tell when to stop adding water?  i expect i should only fill to where the water level is below the filter unit. is that right?
i received my soma last week and love it! quick question: has anyone else noticed that the pitcher dribbles out water when pouring? if so, anything i can do to fix it? if not, is mine flawed?
my friends have all been impressed with soma, its beautiful design, and taste.  the only last remaining hurdle for me/them is the filtration tests.  i want to feel confident that this water is just as healthy for me, as it is beautiful and tasty.
aloha david & mike, i look forward to receiving my soma.  :)  all of my mainland ohana who are environmentally sane and want cleaner water are asking about the filtration.  back in july you posted that soma filtration was going through testing but i do not remember results being posted.  could you point me to those results? malama pono roger
got my soma - thanks!  would love to see the results of the ansi/nsf 42 & 53 tests!
hi matthew - thanks for the thoughtful note. ansi/nsf 42 & 53 are the two certification tests we're currently undergoing. we can't wait to communicate the results, but until the tests and certifications are complete, we can't make any claims. right now, we're undergoing expedited testing with an independent third-party lab, which will allow us to state which contaminants the soma filter removes and at what levels. this should be completed within the next couple weeks. what we can say is that the soma filter was designed by the top water filtration expert in the world--david beeman (who created the water formula for starbuck's and peet's)--who has done in-house testing and found that the soma filter performs as well as or better to other comparable water filters in the market. we'll keep you posted. thanks again matthew!
hey soma!  big congrats on getting the first production run into your backer's hands. wasn't easy, but i hope it will be rewarding... in more ways than financial return! i've been doing a small amount of research on water quality standards and what really makes water healthy, and am discovering a lot!  you're probably aware of the ansi/nsf (public health & safety organization) certification for standards 42 and 53, but did you know that many water filters on the market are only tested for standard 42 (aesthetics, taste & odor removal), and not for 53 (the crucial test for commonly found volatile chemicals, heavy metals, pesticides & other harmful agents)?  -here's a link to a list of contaminants removed by ansi/nsf 53 certified filters: http://www.healthywater.com/filters.html looking more into these water quality standards (from sources i trust) is really making me reconsider just how purifying/detoxifying the soma filter will initially be. it sounds like it's been a slow road just to test for a few specific chemicals, while there are a multitude of other health concerns piled up behind these. for the record, brita filters are certified ansi/nsf for both standards 42 and 53! will my conscience tell me to keep brita around after soma arrives in the mail? or will i have good faith by means of ample proof that soma is actually raising the water bar? time will tell.
hi david - great suggestion. the contest will also be on facebook. stay tuned for details - we'll send out another update soon!
hi mike- got your email today about the #drinksoma photo contest. great idea to spread the soma love! i have one request- please include facebook in your contest. i have twitter and instagram and don't use them any more; plz include those of us that use the biggest sm platform! thx.
hi terry - yes, very exciting shipping update is on its way :)
any updates on shipping,,its september
@y. chung - update is on its way
any updates on shipping guys?
@paleeta - just checked our database, you're all set. @alex - shoot us an email at hello@drinksoma.com or a message in kickstarter?
hi guys, i don't want to put my credit card number in again. is there any other way i could give you my address? best, alex
hi guys it didn't ask me for a credit card when i set up a login from the email. did i do something wrong? not that  complaining but...just thought i should check that it worked?
@jason @jeffrey @dara - we hear you loud and clear. apologies for the headache. we just sent each of you a message. if anyone else has concerns, please shoot us a note at hello@drinksoma.com
yeah, asking for a credit card for delivery of kickstarter pledged rewards is lame.
no credit card for you. use my address as configured. if your product is worthwhile i will contact you for filters after the initial filters are used.
hi  your form to input my most up to date address requires a placement of a credit card on file. i would prefer not to do this. please use my address you have on file from kick starter. regards dara
@audra (and anyone who would like to update their shipping address) - we'll be sending out a form to all our kickstarter backers in the coming weeks to input your most up-to-date address. in the meantime, if you'd like to send us your address, shoot us a message in kickstarter or an email at hello@drinksoma.com and we'll store it in our database. thanks!
hi soma, we have moved and i need to know how to change my shipping address when you mail out our carafes. help. looking forward to seeing the results of your filter testing and actually recieving our soma! cheers!
@barbara. thanks for the note! after all the feedback from our kickstarter backers, we're expediting the filter testing with a third-party lab so we'll be able to communicate which impurities (and at what levels) the soma reduces. fingers crossed, but that should be done before ship date. we'll keep you posted!
oops... meant to say should not shock a backer
wow!  tough room.   if you keep to an aug 2013 delivery that's pretty good performance on kickstarter.   establishing new production, shipping procedures is always a learning adventure.  30 days out should shock any backer.  if i absolutely have to have it on a certain date, i order off of amazon!    i am concerned that you're shipping before thoroughly testing the filter....?
@froshea: thanks for the note and a valid perspective to keep in mind.
the meat of the matter is safe to drink drinking water. your design is not in question. your design is what got the support that it got, so cut the crap. clean, safe drinking water is where your design is focused. or have i missed something? and, minerals in ground sourced drinking water are good for us. necessary too. filter the chemicals and that fluoride and you'll be doing just fine. stay focused.
hey all - apologies for the delayed responses. we'll do a better job of regularly checking and responding to the comment section from here until launch. @brian @ryan - great feedback on the video showing the soma in action. we're shooting one now that we'll send out as part of next week's update (this week's is on the way!). @kevin @thy @jeffrey - we heard you and we're listening. our apologies for not acknowledging this directly. after reading your comments, we had an involved internal discussion about sending out more product updates, and last month, we concluded that we had to change course with our kickstarter updates. hopefully that's been reflected in our last 3 updates. from now on, our updates will not only be more frequent (we're shooting for one a week), but will be product focused. again, thanks for the feedback - it was a tough pill to swallow, but you guys helped us inform our community much better than we would have on our own.
i would have to agree, on the below as well, i have also wondered how it pours without anything falling out.. and have also wondered if i would be willing to pay for any filters beyond the first 6 months.. i guess if nothing else... i guess i got an interesting shaped vase.. albeit an expensive one..
+1 regarding these posts below me. i will not be subscribing for any extra filters beyond what i get in the ks package.
yep what jeffrey just said... i was excited to get a new update about the soma product.....but to find out it was a survey about your url...ummm
this is the most spasmodic, disjuncted project i have ever been involved with on kickstarter. i grant that the delivery date was always stated as july of 2013, and for that reason (and that reason only) i will not complain about the incredible lack of communication on the part of the soma crew. i will, however, complain about the little communication we have gotten. i believe that the somaites have already become the corporate shills they have stated they never want to be. "please help us name our url!" pandering? i'll let you decide. it appears they have already sold out to p&g or j&j and have turned over all communication to the media hacks. before the latest non-update ge got this gem: "we'll be sending you new logos and color schemes to get your feedback later this month." welcome to the kickstarter focus group for soma. in january and february there was "the survey" in which 900 people took part (i am sad to say i was a sucker, too). what were the results? well, they were stunning in their lack of findings, but they kept us busy. that seems to be the soma reality - bread and circuses for the masses - no facts, no details, nothing interesting. just keep 'em occupied so they don't bother us. i hope you get very rich tim, then you will never have to deal with us, the unwashed masses again.
hi soma i will be out of us in mid july and will mot be back until the end if august. so if you guys ship by the end if july soma will be sitting outside my door for a month. is it possible to delay "my" shipping for a month? thanks
after seeing the recent video, i'm curious about one aspect of the soma -- how it pours!  this hasn't shown up yet in any of the videos (as far as i can tell) and i'm concerned about the white plastic piece falling out of the glass pitcher when you pour.  as this is something that was brought up as a problem with current filters on the market, i'm curious how soma has solved this.  thanks!
anything new?  more updates please
why isn't the update in your kickstarter project? its nice that you are showing us about your travels and helping out but what is the progress of the actual project? did i miss something? because that update wasn't anything about the actual soma we all invested in.
i fully agree that with many people that there needed to be more updates. now they are updating us via email as they said in their april 2nd update which personally i prefer to logging in to kickstarter. if that isn't the way you prefer your updates then let them know. as we expect communication from them i think it is also only fair that we read through everything before pledging. they originally estimated that the project would ship by july and being a glass carafe and filter there aren't likely to be too many updates aside from the newly announced charity side. if you didn't read the proposal in the first place it doesn't seem fair to shake a fist at it now. and threatening to "make sure everyone i know keeps clear of soma unless and until some contrition occurs" is a rather strange stance seeing as they still have 2+ months until their original projected ship date. let me be clear that i think everyone should be free to share their opinions (as i am doing now) i simply don't see why people are upset, or what they are looking for.
@kevin - thanks for checking in. we sent out our last update on april 10th. it was our first update sent out via email instead of through the kickstarter platform. our next update is scheduled for wednesday, may 1st. we hope you enjoy it!
@soma "@rj. point taken. i'll now be checking this page daily and i accept your challenge to post an update at least every three weeks". last update was april 2. challenged failed.
thx for the update! looking fwd
awesome guys! :) i'm glad you're on-board with scheduled updates and checking the comments page. we can't wait to hear about how the process is going and perhaps get some pictures as well.
@rj. point taken. i'll now be checking this page daily and i accept your challenge to post an update at least every three weeks. thanks for pushing us to be more awesome! can't wait to show you guys what we've been working on. - lion
thanks guys. i would think if you had issues, you would at least check the comment page instead of relying on a 3rd party service to do it for you. can you make it a point to update on a regular basis? maybe post a minimum of once every 3 weeks? that way the backers know when to expect an update rather than cause an uproar. the more updates the better though :)
thanks for the update; glad to hear the project is moving along.
dear @jeffreyprice, @y.chung, @thyleds, @brandonallen, @taylordecastro, & @rj, and the rest of the kickstarter community, please accept my sincere apologies for the lack of communication. mike, our ceo, has been traveling almost constantly, and we are otherwise a very small team. we moved to desk.com to manage our incoming communications, but have been experiencing hiccups, and only just saw all of your comments. just so everyone is clear, we are indeed still on target to meet our july target. please also know that we have heard you. kickstarter is a community, and you guys deserve to know what's going on. it's not cool that's it's been two months since our last update, and i'm going to make it a personal priority to keep you updated as often as possible. thanks for calling us out, and thanks again for all of your support!! you guys are amazing, and we absolutely wouldn't be hear if it wasn't for you. thanks again, lion
very disappointed in soma management team. please fulfill your pledge. that you do not see fit to even acknowledge the bad feelings you have generated speaks volumes. instead you provide a "something great this way comes" message. i hope you make millions on this project. for my part i will make sure everyone i know keeps clear of soma unless and until some contrition occurs. as others have said, this is a social funding site. if you can't be sociable, then borrow money from some angel investor fund. they will take 70% and will not care about your ability to communicate. oh, wait, you came to us because you wanted to keep control of your product. straighten up.
where is our update?  it's been 2 months since the last one...
update?
kickstarter is loosing credibility with me until there is a way to guarantee updates and product delivery
hey everyone. i hope all is going well and can't wait to hear how things are going! keep up the good work.
the lack of communication for this project is horrible and very upsetting. the last update was on january 22nd regarding a contest to win free filters and last comment was on february 25th stating "@y. chung - new update coming this week!!" we are now into march and have no communications on how the manufacturing process is going. some of us are probably wondering if you just took our money and ran. it does seem that way with the lack of communication going on. kickstarter is a social site where a project tries to raise money for their project. as a project owner, you should know this and be more social and communicate with us more. set a schedule to post updates and people will be fine but a lack of communication is not good. example: make a commitment to post an update once very 20 days - even if there are no updates and you are saying things are going well, no delays. giving us some pictures of the manufacturing would be nice. @soma - take a step back and be in our shoes and you'll see what i mean. 2316 backers gave you a total of $147,444 and have not heard from you in over a month (project update). you promised an update is coming on february 25th and none came. last twitter update was on february 25th and no posts on facebook. please post an update stating what you have been done since the project ended on january 11th. can you also post your project timeline? still able to meet your estimated delivery date of july 2013?
hi there mike and team, i really hope that all is going great. looking forward to your next update.
people. a little communication with the fan base is in order don't you think?  many of us fund a project because it simply appeals to us. us. we are not "investors" and appreciate being a part of a new project. in many ways it becomes our project. if you can post updates multiple times when seeking money, once a month after being funded sounds reasonable.
@alex, i don't believe a survey for shipping address has been sent out yet. some folks wait until they are close to shipping the product to get the most current information. hopefully soma is doing this.
@soma - hi guys, congrats on everything. i might have missed it, but i never actually filled out a form to receive a soma :(   . i only did the "win a free year of filters" survey. is it possible to send me the shipping survery again?
@soma - where's that update? would love to hear how the process is going.
@y. chung - new update coming this week!!
new update coming soon?
patrick, there is a link to the backer-only survey in our page of "updates" (link above). thanks for checking in as we'd love your feedback.
were we supposed to receive a survey?  i don't remember seeing one.
hi all!  sorry for the delay in responding to your comments.  we hope that by now you have received the survey and read our latest update.  we appreciate your support!! if you'd like to order more somas, we'll be taking pre-orders on our website (www.somawater.co) soon, so please stay tuned.  you will be receiving your rewards by july.  we're so happy to have reached our fundraising goal- a huge thanks to all! cheers, emily
hey mike, when does it ship? can't wait. congrats!
is there a survey that's supposed to be sent out?
any new updates?  it's been about a month since the last update...
is it too late to adjust my pledge from the $50 reward to add another reward?
congrats on your funding success! a big thank you for sharing your secrets of success on tim ferris's blog.
hi, how can i get more sets? i am an international backer and have back 1 set at $75.
@taylor-- thanks so much for the support!
love this idea. simple, elegant, and green solution. best of luck to you all and your new endeavors!
awesome!  i just updated my pledge to $150.  as a side note, i had created two new accounts but deleted them in favor of my main account.  thanks and i'm looking forward to drinking clean water.
@abram- awesome, thanks for your support!  please click on "manage your pledge" and pledge an additional $100 dollars for the $50 reward.  we'll get the two extras shipped out to you or whoever the gift is for.
i've already backed soma for the $50 reward.  i'd like to get two more rewards.  what's the best way for me to do that?
oh cool. thanks for the response!
@david, the vegan silk we use is called ahimsa.  what's special about this type of silk is that when it is harvested, the process does not harm the worms, as is often the case with other types of silk.  thanks for your question!
i am curious as to what vegan silk is? how is it different from other silk?
yong-soo, bottled water is normally always carbon filtered.
thanks for the info david.  sorry for sounding ignorant, but have there been studies done on whether or not drinking filtered tap water such as brita and soma is detrimental to one's health in general, compared to bottled water like fiji?
man, david beeman just schooled me on water filtration. that's pretty cool.
just caught a typo in my comment. i meant to state "sodium chloride" not sodium chlorine (salt) in my post. my bad
kris hinh, i wanted to respond to your comment on the tds level.   tds levels will remain the same as this is a carbon based filter. carbon is for removal of chlorine and chlorine by-products like thm's. as stated, we have not used deionization resins for tds removal as they would not be compostable and if not replaced frequently at high cost and environmental impact they develop a fishy taste. as to claims, once we have third party certification we can announce them. tds levels vary from location to location. san francisco averages around 75 to 140 ppm of total dissolved solids, new york around 20 ppm, los angeles varies greatly on the source from 220 ppm to 650 ppm, seattle 45 ppm, vancouver canada 8 ppm. no tds claims were ever mentioned and will not be addressed by this filter due to the inherent environmental impact. this filter is meant to deliver great tasting water by reducing chlorine and disinfection by-products with proven detrimental health effects as listed by the epa as primary regulations. tds is listed by the epa as a secondary standard at 500 ppm  and listed as nuisance chemicals.  if tds removal is important to you there are systems like reverse osmosis that offer tds reduction. deionization for home use is expensive and uses polystyrene resins to ionically exchange acid (h)and base (oh)for minerals. h  and oh (h2o)are released when minerals are captured on the resin which gives it the name ionic exchange, one ion for another. i thought i had made the use of plastic filtering media clear in the video, my bad if it didn't come thru. reverse osmosis is by far the better process for home use as even though it uses water to make low tds water the membranes last for years and consume no energy other than water pressure to function. current water usage for home ro units is now as low at 1:1 as water is still essential to wash the high tds waste water down the drain to prevent costly membrane replacements. d i resin used on high tds water becomes exhausted rapidly and if used past the optimum acid/base charge on the plastic produces a fishy smell and a ph change in the water. tds varies greatly, has no mandatory requirements as set by the epa while chlorine or chloramine is present in all public water supplies.  you may be referring to softening resins used by many counter top manufacturers but softening resin even though made with the same resin is charged with sodium chlorine (salt) that it releases in exchange for calcium but this results in elevated tds levels as two sodium ions are released for each calcium ion picked up on the resin. the same system used for whole house water softening. there are other regenerates used other than sodium chloride for scale reduction but none address the primary goal of soma which is to produce a high quality fully compostable filter, free of oil based plastic for great tasting drinking water. the first of its kind.  sorry for the delay in responding to you as i just became aware of your comment. thanks
congratulations on a brilliant product, soma team - clearly a winner!!
glad to support a local sf project! i'm really looking forward to seeing the finished product in hand!
i am going to be backing out of this project. stay tune and watch for an opening in the $45 pledge level. my questions regarding the tds meter reading from the filter has been avoided. i just wanted to see what is the ppm (parts per million) the filter filters out compare to tap water. i just got a pm from soma, but cannot share that info. what i can say is, soma is not being transparent with their filter results. the soma water filter will filter just like the rest on the market like pure. it *might taste better or the same. soma filter does look very nice, which is what i like about it, but thats all it is. a nice looking water filter that filters water just like those other pitchers, just that its a glass pitcher. good luck to everyone who back this project. it will be an expensive water pitcher in your fridge.
waiting to see the test results of the filter. what is its tds readings? so far it seems like the filter hasn't been made as the results have been avoided or the test results are too poor to post. it's a great product, but wonder why its so difficult post the tds readings from the filter. it's best to be clear, honest and not hide anything from backers. hate to see this as another one of those kickstarter projects that disappoints in the end.
hi @sara, thanks for your pledge!  please email us at: holidays@somawater.co with the recipients name and address, and we'll send a card out for christmas.
thanks @yrmis!
hi mike!  i just adjusted my order to reflect two soma's - i need one as a christmas present. how do i go about arranging a christmas card being sent to let him know?
wohoooo soma reached their goal! we knew it is such a needed great product. with the reputation of the filter designer they have in the team water quality should be awesome. thank you for doing this. congratulations to the soma team!
congrats on reaching your pledge goal. now soma will be available to all backers. many people are asking if you can increase the quantities in the $130 level, i know that you can or you can create another $130 level.
i hope you will update soon with detailed results of your testing.
@daniel- great! please pledge for the $130 reward and add $10 for shipping to canada.  if you're giving them as gifts and like us to send cards to the recipients, please email us at holidays@somawater.co. thanks! @kohl- thanks so much for your support
congrats on a great project soma!  can't wait to get this carafe to my house.
i'd like the 3 pack in canada. can you set me up? thanks, d.
thanks for the love @ jena! @ kris- we hope so, too! thanks
because this project is in the "design" category, multiple units is possible. if it had been in the "product design" category, then kickstarter will put this project on "hold" or cancel it completely. i'm sure with the new news, this project should get funded pretty fast now. good luck.
beautiful concept and campaign, and your update video (with buttons to click) is the best one i've seen!  congrats!
@david- thanks! you're awesome! @ivan- yes, if you pledge more for a particular reward, we will send you the corresponding number of somas! @kris- we appreciate all of your well-thought-out comments.  as soon as we have put our filter through of of the necessary tests, we will post the results here and on our website, www.somawater.co. thanks!
if you look at all the projects that i have backed, you can see the options are there to double the pledge level that you are currently in to increase the amount of units. i might back out of this project soon, as i am waiting to see the tds readings from the filter. we all want this, but we all don't want to be scammed of our money if the filter doesn't really do anything at all or not much of a difference. like i said, if this filters well and the tds readings are very good compared to tap water, then that is great, but if it does nothing much at all, then its going to be a very expensive glass pitcher for display. if i don't see a tds reading result before the end date, i will back out of this project. everyone can buy a tds meter, try it.... test your tap water, then test it will a bottle water, then test it will a filter water from those water filtration places. you will see that bottle water, the ppm will range from 130 - 180 ppm (tap is usually about 260 - 380 ppm). filtered water from a filtration water place uses ro filtration and will results in 000 ppm to 005 ppm. the soma, cannot be compared to an ro system, but would like to see how much of the pollutants it really filters out, those heavy metals. only a tds meter will tell you.
ok does the creaotr accept kris' proposal of increasing the amount of pledge to increase the number of rewards?
$100,000 is a cool goal and everything, but 1,000 backers is more amazing in my mind. that's a thousand true believers. congrats guys!
@kris, thanks for the suggestion! @travis, you're awesome!
how many records can soma break!
not jim, i mean soma
with all the current and past projects that i have backed, in order to get additional units, we simply double our current pledge level for 2 units. example, i pledge at the $40 level, if i wanted two units, all i needed to do is add an additional $40. so if your at the $50 level, then you double your level by adding another $50 to your current level. in the end, the project creator will see the amount and send you as many units as you have paid. this method doesn't break kickstarters rules, and have been successful with many projects now. maybe jim will approve this, but other projects are doing this method now.
thanks for all the love @david @talls and @yrmis! we wish each person could make more than one pledge, as well.  if other family members have different kickstarter accounts, then each person can make a pledge from their own account.  thanks again!
hi guys i feel the same way! i would have bought at least 10 for holiday presents. if others feel the same way, please voice it out so kickstarter considers changing their policy. i feel this limitation really cripples their ability to fundraise and maximize the use of this platform.
hey guys, this product is awesome and we love supporting it! so much that we want to gift it to our siblings for christmas. the thing is that kick starter doesn't let you order more than 1 pledge per account. any way to get around this? thanks and wow you're moving so fast towards your goal!
oh never mind i found the information hehhe.
hi i was wondering when we can expect to get our soma once the kickstarter is(not if!) successful?
@kris – totally makes sense, and we really appreciate you taking the time to write such a detailed reply. once our filter has been finalized, we will be running it through every test imaginable and will post our findings here as well as at www.somawater.co. thanks again for your support!
@soma, - thanks for trying to answer my question the best you can. one of the most important factor in a water filter is not just in the taste, as most filters will produce a ok taste. what is really important is what the filter.. filters out. the metals, pollutants... etc. anyone can purchase a tds meter and test their source tap water. mine during winter is 220 ppm (360 ppm during summer). with my or system, i get 1 ppm, now that is pure filtered water, filtering out all metals and harsh pollutants. because a or system is costly, i made an attempt to try the "3m under sink filter", reviews say it made their water "taste" better than the pitcher. the "3m" filter didn't filter the water much at all, what it did was "improve" the taste of tap water using "carbon" as its only filter material. from my test with my tds meter with the 3m filter, my tap water is 220 ppm, with the 3m filter installed for 4 months, the reading has been at a steady 218 ppm, that's only 002 ppm that the 3m filtered. that water from the tap does taste better, but it didn't remove the heavy metals found in tap water due to the metal pipes and other pollutants from the tap source. i have remove the 3m filter and trash it. continue to use my ro sysytem filter. you will be surprise when you change out a ro system filter, the filters are filled with rust, and other nasty stuff that your eyes cannot see in tap water until it gets filtered. i think its important to see what the soma's tds readings are. i don't think a certification matters as the 3m is also certified but filter nothing much. if you can get access to a tds meter and just give us a reading from the tap and then from the soma, this would be very helpful and can save us time and possible frustrations with this filter once we receive it. hate to see bad review on the soma once it get release as we are all expecting really great water quality since david beenman is creating this filtration. in the end if this filter isn't delivering the water quality, then it will be a very expensive "glass water pitcher" sitting in the fridge. will be waiting and hope to see some tds readings before this project ends.
@mario- thanks for your feedback! it's the first of its kind as a water filtration system.  as for its effectiveness as a filter, soma has partnered with david beeman, one of the top water filtration experts in the world, to leverage his 35 years of experience creating water formulas for global brands like starbucks. david has created a filter that is on par with, or in some cases more effective than, other filters at removing contaminants.
thanks so much @abe and @ nicole! @yong-soo, we will let you all know as soon as we are certified. thanks for your comments!
please post those details once you are certified in an update so that we can all see it!  i am also curious about the water quality after filtration.  i've been buying bottled water because i can't trust the filters out there on the market out there.  would love soma to replace all these water bottles!  thanks!
@kris, thank you so much for the great questions! 1) the carafe is 10.7 inches tall, weighs 2 pounds and holds five 8-oz glasses of water (1.18 l) 3) you'll receive your new filter in the mail once every two months 4) it works faster than some of the most common pitcher based water filters on the market 5) soma has partnered with david beeman, one of the worlds leading experts on water filtration. he made sure our water tasted grate and was filtered out many contaminants. we are in the process of getting publicly certified so we can't say the exact results of our tests. we'll be able to post these details once we are certified.
@soma - hope you can try to answer all the important question that i have asked. thanks.
love the sleek, plastic-free design and am excited to see soma come to market. thank you so much for rethinking the horrid brita pitcher.
dunno about the quality of the water filter but regarding the design this looks totally like my chemex coffee maker. (http://www.chemexcoffeemaker.com/) and a coffee maker is a kind of a filter too, so the product might be nice, but not as "beautifully innovative" as you say.
i'm a backer :)  love the product.  i also am excited to see that you guys have previously backed 25 other projects.  you really contribute to the kickstarter community.  good luck !!
@travis, @caen, @jake, @stephen, thanks so much!! you guys rock!
great jobs guys!  only problem is going to be all those britas in a landfill somewhere.. bet you didn't think about that. ;) as a fellow creator, i'll be following your updates closely. jamie + the stact team
brilliant! happy to be a supporter, and can't wait to use it. i understand the apple design/marketing model but it only goes so far with me - would love to see the white replaced with black. any reason that would be a bad idea?
i'm from los angeles, ca and i love visiting san francisco all the time. there are lots of great creative people living there and this is another one of those really cool products. i have been an ro system user for many years at my home. i transfer the waste water to the plants outside automatically, so no water is wasted. i just have a few questions. 1) what is the volume of the filter / how much does it hold in liters 2) how many times does it filter per. filter. 3) when do you know when its time to change the filter? 4) how fast does the filter works? 5) have you tested the water quality with a tds meter. what is the ppm? thats all the question i have for now, and proud to support such a great product.
outstanding product actually made me join kickstarter.
such an amazing design and concept. i can't wait to get this product :)
incredible design, product and team. i am so excited about this. it is a no-brainer to back this-i need this product.
you just solved my eco-parents need a holiday gift, problem. bravo!
epic.
thanks for your support @theodore and @michael!
awesome project!
woot! finally an answer! i hate my brita! you nailed it on the head. very excited for soma.
@david - thanks for the great question. subscriptions will be $15 every 2 months, delivered to your door :)
nice work. i want one. just one question. do you know how much the ongoing subscriptions will be?
