i never got mine another kickstarter scam!
am i the only one having a problem with the pen getting stopped up? it happens constantly and we have to remove the nozzle and take a needle to try and chip away at the plastic and then manually push the new plastic through in order to get it moving again. we have to repeat this process several times during each use. that has taken the fun out of using it. it's more frustrating than anything.
i got nothing too, but 3doodler 2.0 is selling in hk now, what is going on?  http://www.the3doodler.com.hk/
i didn't receive anything, too... what is the problem????
i'm not quite sure how this works... but shouldn't 3doodler be reporting to kickstarter the following for copyright infringement or trademark or pure copying? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/3dformer/3dformer-a-pen-draws-3d-models-in-air-instantaneou probably none of my business ... but ...
hi, i also one of the early pledgers in jan 2013 and never received anything from you guys as well! tried to contact your cs, had a few replies. then no response after that. can you please contact me via this email : spagetti_07@hotmail.com asap?!! thanks!
@julie, li, and jonas - please contact us at cs@the3doodler.com, as we do not regularly check this comment wall for messages.
hi i pledged $85 euro a long time ago. and never received anything. i live in belgium... what could be the problem? grtz, jonas
why i didn't receive anything?
my son was so excited to recieve this as a gift for his birthday earlier this year after a long awaited release.  unfortunately, his excitement and fun only lasted a few months.  by early summer it stopped working.  what a bummer!  i loved all the great projects he was making and his creations were becoming more and more involved.  though he did use it regularly (3-4 times per week) it was always put away properly and well taken care of, i do feel it should have lasted much longer.
hi sam - have you tried here? valuebasket.com.au
was thinking of buying some of the accessories mentioned in the latest update, then discovered that as an australian i'm geo-blocked from the store. and further realisation that no one in australia seems to be listing any of the accessories. so if i get around the block using a vpn, will  you guys ship international?
did anyone use the doodler to doodle anything on transformers, eg the autobot decepticon insignias etc?
@bryan vanalmkerk imitation is the best form of flattery... its china! if its good elsewhere and is already proven to be popular with the masses... it wont be long before there is a "pirated" version out there...
not very happy!  did not receive anything, ever!
just saw this at a hk store : http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/__57901__3d_drawing_pen_w_filament_and_power_adapter.html
sorry typo. 'feeds a lot better'. the real 3mm spool (im using abs)  gives me constant feeding, and the curving from the spool is fine for the feeding, some bending with just muscle power to straighten out helps but not necessary, and certainly don't need waste the time on the cutting and heating to create the straight filaments.
but price not better than 3doddler right. and the construction looks shoddy. i think with so many orders to fulfill i hope it's just a matter of time to prepare the shipping for this huge backlog. btw the filament in the package is 2.85mm so a bit shortchanged...? and i have tested that the real 3mm of the spool filament feels a lot better and more constant. wobbleworks i think most of the non-feeding and jams come from the wrong 2.85mm diameter of your supplied filament.
this thing never worked right and now theres knock offs in china, same size, shape and everything.
anyone tried using standard spool filament? its really expensive to buy the sticks and shipping is terribly expensive also.
hello 3doodler, what about contacting the people who provided you part of your 2.3 million $ budget and never received anything (working)?
got my pen today finally. (estimated delivery: nov 2013)  however without the 10 extra bags of plastic that i paid extra for :/
i still did not get the printing pen, has been 5 months!
come on already! i was supposed to have received my pen in november of 2013. please send me my pen or my money back!
hmmm, i'm worried about all the problems people are having. mine would quit while drawing (light would turn red) and you had to stop drawing and wait for it to warm up. i sent an email. several days later they responded, apologizing for being slow. said they had to check with engineer. quite a while later i inquired again and they responded that it is a known problem and to send it to an address in new york city. did as requested. tracking number shows that a note was left at the address. 13 days later it is still at the post office. customer service has not responded to my multiple inquiries about the delay. this morning i mailed a letter to the address i shipped my pen to. hope something happens.
some guy called sean emailed me once or twice to double check address, which i confirmed. silence since then, no replies, no 3doodler. nothing! what gives?
the 3doodler is on sale here in the uk now at maplin - the electronics specialist stores in london and elsewhere for £99.99 ($170.49). a bag of plastic is £9 ($15.35) as i recall. (http://www.maplin.co.uk/p/3doodler-3d-printing-pen-n00ds)
@sabine, thanks for the info but unfortunately too late. they informed me they would send an invoice. i actually believed that, i waited and never heard back from them. fact is, i never received it and never got an answer back and customs in portugal do not have it anymore either.
hi i'am still waiting on the 3doodler. do you intend to deliver it sometime soon?  refund?
@maarten: ww told me they don't send invoices for kickstarter projects but austrian customs accepted the amazon payment confirmation too. i sent all the e-mails from kickstarter and amazon and it was okay.
i asked for an invoice the 19th of february to be able to unblock the message from customs. only 13th of march i got an email back telling that my message was badly labeled in your inbox but you would send out an invoice that same day.  never heard anything back, never got an invoice. there is not much more i could have done and by now the package is probably destroyed by customs. what should i do now, any chance of still receiving anything?
saw this on a dutch / german shop: http://www.conrad.nl/ce/nl/product/096271…  an other look a like
now there are knockoffs on ebay, look exactly the same.  thats whats bad about chinese manufacturing.
@alexandre faria: if you have a tracking number check what it says and also check your spam mail. some backers receiving an e-mail form customs and this often ends up in the spam folder. if you have not received a tracking number contact ww directly at cs@the3doodler.com
hi! i am still waiting for my 3doodler and backup plastic! starting to loose my patience, where is it? i am a january backer!!!!!
i got my pen now, i was a february backer. so it seems that the delivery process takes a lot of time. still they did say in en email in january i think it was, that it had shipped out...
ce info - test verification of conformity print your own copy here http://the3doodler.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/test_verification.pdf  -- more info: http://the3doodler.com/terms-and-conditions also inside the package is guide to use the pen that has the ce info, it will be on the side standing upright against one of the walls- almost hidden if you do not look for it. page 3 is english ce, german ce is on pg 6, etc
this is one is the third now (not second)... with "transport" delays.
@maarten @mjoão afonso new update from portugal: it's here with me. finally!!!! after sending all the payment emails (from both kickstarter and amazon) also in jpg format the pen was freed from customs (and they opened the box to confirm the content). yea, it took 2+ months... in my case: second project, second delivery, "second plus" month arrival. need to be very patient.
my original 3doodler was lost by usps in december.  my new 3doodler showed up today.  i played with it a bit and it works as advertised, although i'm really bad at it.  it's a neat gizmo. you guys have to realize that this is a company that originally planned to make what,  300 of these things?  then they got pledges for 100 times that many.  of course there will be substantial growing pains.  it has certainly taken them longer than anticipated to get 26,000 customers satisfied, and haven't geared up properly.  but the product will get there.  eventually.  just be patient with a company that experienced orders of magnitude more exposure than they were expecting.
it's been a month and a half since i was told my doodler would be sent out..... and that's the last i've heard. really wishing i never bothered to back this project. it's proving to be quite the unsatisfactory experience, and it seems i'm not alone.
@nial, those issues were a real problem with portuguese customs. at long last and a lot of email exchanging later, i finally got mine today!!!! and yes, if you don't get your package out of customs, portugueses customs do  destroy them after a month. they don't either keep it or return it. that's the rule. but my troubles are over by now, hopefully. i'll let you know how it works...
people... kickstarter is not a shop!  you are donating to kick start a product or company and you get the product as a reward. there are no refunds. however wobbleworks are offering full support to people with faulty units which is above and beyond what most companies do here! the doodler box clearly has both the ce and fcc certification marks displayed which is what is required. the paperwork inside as well as the pen and psu all also have the identifying marks as required. those issues should be no problem if customs open the bag and take a look. if you are having problems you need to contact wobbleworks on their customer service email as soon as you have an issue. its no good waiting 3 weeks before asking for paperwork since customs only hold items for 21-28 days before returning to sender.  they wont be destroyed, that is only used for illegal items and fakes etc.... @adrian - if your nozzle is blocked with abs then soak it for 24 hours in acetone then push a pin or similar through it to clear. if its pla then hold it with pliers and heat with a lighter and again push a pin or piece of thin wire through and work out the molten plastic. acetone wont work with pla.
mine work for 5 min.. then the nozzle  stop working, clogged up with the filament. hasn't been able to get it to work since... followed the instruction on the web and the piece of instruction sheet exactly. felt cheated.
3doodler was blocked in customs in portugal, sent a mail asking for an invoice to wobbleworks llc straight away. got an answer to apologize for the delay in answering and that they would answer that day. never heard anything back. i guess my product is sent back or destroyed by now. since i could not recuperate it, how should i get either the product or my money back now?
@mjoão afonso the package is still there. i received a mail last week saying that i needed to send the payment note with the material bought... i sent the email from amazom but they didn't like it. i really don't understand their request because what i sent it's what i've been sending to customs with kickstarter things...
@sabine gross, thank you! i'm going to try and talk to them. i'll keep you all posted.
@mjoão afonso: i need to check the 3doodler box but on the pen (i am 99% sure) there is the ce certificate which is the certificate of conformity to eu electronical/electric rules. i had no problems with the customs according to the ce they only needed some kind of invoce (they accepted the amazon payment confirmation). in the manual they point out that the certificate is for download at https://the3doodler.com/terms-and-conditions/ but could not found it there... they are actually rebuilding their homepage and i guess it was lost somehow.
@sabine, there is no problem with the invoice, they accepted everything, but keep telling me i need a certificate of conformity to eu electronical/electric rules. do you say it's inside the package?
@jplouro, one month? forget about it, they should have destroyed it by now. they asked for those 3 things you mentioned, and then for the certificate of conformity to eu regulations. i've sent them the first documents and i have asked the 3doodle company for the certificate. they didn't bother to answer me. so, ive given up hope, and i've decided that i'll never back anyting else. that was the end of my crowdfunding career, since i already had a problem with another project: food huggers. i won't get caught again. that's it.
maybe we should arrange some kind of law suit appearantly there are hundreds that have not received the pen, although they have claimed it has been sent out to everyone...
haven't received my pen yet. please pay me back my money or send me the pen i have paid for.
i have not yet received my pen, and i have got some emeils from them, but they don't reply my emails.... in one of there last updates think it was nr 36 they did say that all the pens had been sent out and if one had not received a tracking number one should contact, i have but no response what so ever...
@ mjoão afonso hi my pen is already at portugal customs for 1 month. they have asked for 3 things: nif + aviso + amazon payment. at the moment the problem is for them to receive these docs. i'm having problems reaching the mail box they indicated internacional@ctt.pt. i'll post an update if things go ok... or if they also ask for a certificate.
hi... i backed this almost a year ago, was scheduled to receive my etsy artwork back in august and still have not received it eight months later. at this point i just want a refund...
hey guys i still have not received my pen yet. should i be worried? as a result my 3 sons have secretly ordered one for me as a birthday present donut looks like we should be having two. that is if my first kickstarter one ever arrives  graham bishop regards graham bishop
hallo till: du bekommst von amazon eine e-mail nach abschluss des kickstarter projektes. da steht folgende adresse drin: https://payments.amazon.com/home einfach mit deinen amazon-zugangsdaten einloggen und entsprechen nach datum (24.3.1013 wars bei mir) suchen. ich hab dann auch noch den kreditkartenauszug beigelegt (alles bis auf die nötigen infos geschwärzt, inklusive umrechnungskurs). ich habe auch ein schreiben beigelegt, dass dies eben kein kauf, sondern eben crowd sourced war und es deswegen keine rechnung gibt, ich aber die auszüge über die bezahlung beilege. ich habe auch noch das kickstarter e-mail mit der pledge-amount beigelegt. das haben die anstandslos akzeptiert - wichtig ist eben, der bezahlte betrag, damit die davon die nachzuzahlende ust ausrechnen können.
@sabine gross: ich habe auch mit dem Österreichischen zoll zu tun. ich finde nur nirgendwo in meinen mails die zahlungsbescheinigung von amazon. kann man sie noch irgendwo abrufen?
@mjoão afonso: besides the required ce certificate for europe what kind of certificate do you need? thought the only one needed is the ce which the 3doodler has - it's also on the pen. austrian customs asked me for an invoice but accepted the payment affirmation from amazon.
i'm really sad about 3doodler. i pledged $75+$10 and i'm going to loose the money. the pen was shipped but is being held at customs. i need a certificate that i have already asked for, but i didn't get any answer from the 3doodler team. which means, portuguese customs are going to keep and destroy it. that was the last time i ever backed anything... so, backers: next time you think about backing any project, remember my case...
wobbleworks got back to me and will ship the correct power adaptor. for some reason the chinese messed up and sent me a uk power plug despite my us address. no worries. with this many backers i expect a few hiccups.
today my 3doodler arrived, much to my surprise as i had never received any shipping or tracking information. sadly, it arrived with a foreign power adaptor and i can not use it. i have emailed wobbleworks about getting the correct power adaptor. hopefully this wont take months to correct.
the last update stated that all 3doodlers have shipped. this is a false statement. as i hadn't received mine, nor any tracking info, i contacted them as instructed. i was informed that they had run out of the plastic and were waiting for more supplies and that mine would be shipped as soon as the plastic arrived. wobbleworks needs to release another update to clarify this. not all 3doodlers have shipped contrary to their last update, so if you are also waiting you should contact them directly.
@william you post in a public form, you get public comments. get over it.
my problem is... customs. they're not allowing the pen in unless i send them a certificate of conformity to european rules. what now? are you sending me one? thanks.
@william: you are not a customer, you are a project funder with all risks. if ww were not able to manage everything and in the end there is no money left to get you the reward there is nothing you can do about that. no law suit or letter to kickstarter would get you a refund. that's the way the cookie crumbles.  kickstarter is not an online shop it is a funding platform and every money you invest is venture capital! i think that's a big problem because a lot of people don't realize this and are complaining about things which are normal if you buy things in a (online) shop. you fund an idea and hope that the creator will manage to invest the money properly so you get the first products in order to your investment.  kickstarter => no risk no fun, no regulations (beside kickstarter rules), no refunds, no warranty (some projects offers dead on arrival warranty). store => safe, regulations about refunds and returns, warranty according to countries law.
easy martin don't express your opinion here you might get called a dick. @trogdor kiss my a$% my comments don't concern you.  i didnt ask your opinion, nor ask for your thoughts. @darby d i have gotten over myself.  i agree my bad.  previous campaigns allowed me to buy multiple rewards so i assumed it was the way it worked.   i learned my lesson.  in research it looks like kickstarter changed there policy on purchasing multiple rewards in 2012.  right around the time this campaign went down.  search the web there are a lot of people upset about the way kickstarter changed this policy in the middle of campaigns. i guess i go by the old word philosophy of doing the right thing!  if one of my customers called me and said "hey we accidentally overpaid your invoice"  i would look and see what happened and send them the refund they overpaid me.  not say oh well sorry mr customer.  we have some small language in our terms section at the bottom that says if you overpay your invoice we get to keep your accounting oversight. company's with that level of service go out of business imho.... anyway i am over my rant..  i learned my lesson.
well we got ours finnally and to be honest it's pretty much junk, the work manship in what they have sent us is sloppy and bad, it can't even pull in the plastic and it gets stuck most of the time so using it is pretty much a waste of time and it's noisy like hell about 40db from the fan ratteling around (definetly not stable). great idea miserable implementation of the final product.
@william yeah, just like you didn't read the tos either or project rules. go ahead, be a dick.
*the multiple orders were for gifts, so it's allowed as along as it's a different account still.
@william - get over yourself. i placed multiple order with multiple accounts. the rest of the world seems to know - as it was in the updates and i have seen it on other kickstarters. you will not be getting your money back.
@william: they posted the information all along the faq and on march 22nd in an update which was still during the funding period where you still can change your pledge amount because no money has been transferred yet. kickstarter rules limit the amount of items per account due to categories like technoligy. some bypass that by creating multiple accounts which i am not aware if this is allowed by kickstarter. but kickstarter will not change the way you can decide how much money you want to pledge. they can't limit it because some are giving more than necessary with a smile. if i have extra money i also be happy to round the pledge amount up and i guess some will do that too. i actually read every update of the project because i funded it and wanted to know the status and what is going on - also during the funding period. on your own behalf you should read those updates. you get e-mail notification about every update and don't even need to go to the kickstarter page to read - it is all in the e-mail. noone has time to read through all the comments that's the reason there are updates where all necessary information are made public.
i don't have time to read though all the comments and crap that was posted.  by the time they posted this amazon would not refund this money. kickstarter should fix this by fixing the pull down $ amount for each level and making a donation pull down option. regardless they got overpaid by a lot of money and should refund me the money.  its the right things to do for a stand up company..
@william good luck - according to update 10: 5. multiples: as explained a number of times and in our faq, we are abiding by kickstarter rules: one reward per kickstarter account, and no multiples. additional funds will not equal additional pens. so if you have pledged extra funds in the hope of receiving additional 3doodlers, please withdraw those funds before the kickstarter closes.
@william you got whacked by one of my concerns with many projects. although ks officially limits to one reward in most cases a lot of projects bypass this by just allowing a doubling or tripling of a a pledge and there is the assumption [written or unwritten] that you'll get the multiples. i always get written confirmation of the agreement before i go that route otherwise it is just an assumed 'extra' donation. do you have any conversation saved regarding the multiple pledge levels? i could see this being especially sticky on the early bird levels where quantities are strictly limited...might want to scan all updates and forum messages for references by the creator to allowing this practice.
sent this to kickstarter and amazon.. really unhappy with wobble works customer service skills. i pledged $495 @ $99 each to get five (5)  3 doodlers in a kickstarter campaign.  the manufacturing of this items took almost a year so that is why there is such a long delay in filing this complaint. i was shipped one (1) not the five (5) i paid for. since i was not shipped the 5 paid for i would like to be refunded the difference four (4) i did not receive.  i am owed $396.00 for the 4 additional 3doodlers i paid for. i contacted the seller who said they will not give me a refund for the items i did not receive.. i explained to them that in other kickstarter campaigns allowed me and others to pledge more money to receive more items in that rewards section. if this was the case then kickstarter should fix the price per pledge so you pay only the amount for that one item! by leaving the payment field open it leads people to believe they can pay more to receive more of that item. its simple i did not receive the items i paid for.  there is no disputing this.  i simply want my money back or the items i paid for. its hard to believe a company i helped fund so they could go in to business would treat there customers like this..  what happened to customer service?? looking at the comment below it looks like a lot of people are getting the same treatment. well see what kickstarter and amazon say about this.
i received the pen last week and i just test it ! it works well and even if i'm not good, this is very exciting !
the pen is great!!!!! thank you!!!
have wobble works gone on a long holiday by any chance....?  trying to contact them about a non-delivery of my reward but not getting any repsonse at all..... wobble works.... are you there, be great to resolve this with you?
february 20th, nothing, this wait not worth it
extremely unsatisfied backer here. pen is defective. customer service asked if i would send a video of me using the defective device. i have sent two requests for a return address. over 26,000 other people like me were dumb enough to back it. i want wobbleworks to replace my current defective device with one that actually works or give me my money back. i think that is a fair request.
received with thanks. haven't cracked it open as waiting for next christmas with the kids.
well we get told on tracking that they could not delivery it, and my wife is home on maternaty leave, so somebody was at the house all day. waiting to see what happens tomorrow.
hi, i'm another abandoned backer here, waiting for my kids 3doodler and trying without success to have a clue of the solution. my last thread not answered yet via messaging: enric feb 3, 2014 hi amanda, via http://www.trackmytrakpak.com/p2p_trakpaksearch.rp says: 06/01/2014 12:12 held customs awaiting payment - lhr ccl apart from the bad news that now i have to pay more, when i contacted them at info@ccllhr.com about the problem of not being able to pay the 25.76 euros via visa electron (the only one i had) they had such a poor customer service that didn't answer after several messages. now the system says: sorry. that payment request has expired. error code: e99dmre so it seems that via trakpak the item is there waiting for more money in concept of customs, while via custom clearance our 3doodler is gone :( please how could i proceed now? can you contact them or just re-send the 3doodler in another way? i'm ready to pay more if there's no other option, but please via an effective system... cheers, enric feb 17, 2014 hi again amanda, sorry for insisting but my kid really wants the 3doodler, i paid already for it, trusting you and your project. please tell me how to solve this in order to get if finally. enric
hard to use
my pen arrived like a month ago (forgot to comment), works like a charm! cheers from chile!
my pen was stop at customs and was not able to pay for the fees before they returned to you. how do i get it now?
my pen arrived a week ago, and doesn't work.   (heating element doesn't get hot.) i've sent multiple emails and have had no response.
i have a issue with my pen.. how i contact you?.. thanks
i just used my 3doodler for the first time. it worked for 20 minutes then the fan stopped working. what solutions do you have, if any? i worked with it the shop at my art college with an instructor. we watched the videos before beginning. if this is normal and there is a fix for it, please let me know. otherwise, i want to return it. emilie
received mine in canada yesterday. my only complaint so far is that the slow extrude button gets stuck under the housing. it's quite annoying, especially when you're trying to stop it and it just keeps going
my 3doodler was broken out of the box. wobble works wants me to pay to have it repaired. this pen is defective by design and i do not think a replacement will work any better. there customer service is the worst i have ever experienced. i believe we are the victims of fraud. i urge everyone with a problem to file a complaint with the new york states attorneys office. with enough complaints they might fight wobble works on our behalf.
man, wobbleworks did a very poor job shipping these pens and communicating that. so here i was, wondering where my pen is and i started to come here and looking at the updates and comments. when i read all the complaints about that scam-like customs mail, i checked my emails and found just such a mail in my spam folder. and even after reading it, i certainly would have categorized that as a scam. i mean who hires a company that stops the package mid-transfer and expects the receiver to pay customs and additional fees before the package is even in the same country as me? today was the last day to pay and it was by pure chance that i managed to do it in time. and it was more than what i would have had to pay at my locals customsoffice. based on the numerous complaints here ww knew about the problems for quite some time, but instead of making an update and informing all backers or at least sending the international backers an email, they only made some half-hearted efforts to answer in the comments section. it is not my duty to check some comments section to find out that i would have to pay some fees in advance. i just hope that when i receive the pen, that they put more effort into the hardware than into their poor communication and logistics skills.
mine has arrived in prague, cz. i'll test it at school tomorrow.
i may have a lemon here. it sorta works off and on. the fan doesn't seems to spin and i get a bit of grinding or unpleasant noise. the plastic sometimes comes out and other times it doesn't. many times it seems i need to give it a hand by pushing the material thru manually. :/
finally it arrived today morning :d <3 it
>.< damn it hit post to early wanted to say disipointed that i didn't get to play with my awesome new toy. :(
so i have emailed and i'm not sure if i'm just using the wrong address or if there is any way i'm going to get a response on here, but i'm a january backer, and it would appear that my unit is broken. i took it out of the box and i turned it on and immediately there was this buzzing sound like a broken motor, and i couldn't see the fan blades spinning. i used a little plastic in it wondering if it just needed to start up once you were using it, but neither of the extrude buttons seemed to be causing a different speed and the fan still didn't go, and the plastic wasn't controlable, so i just gave up and turned it off and put it back in the box. i know your probably already backed up trying to help other people who still havent gotten thers, but i'd like to know if i can ship mine back and get a replacement. very very disiponted
@jesus vasquez: they acutally did inform you in the faq https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen#project_faq_48202 they say: "i am afraid we cannot be responsible for any customs issue or fees, but please do send us a note at the time of dispatch and we will try to accommodate you."
@jesus vazquez: sorry that you had to wait so long, unacceptable shipping delay....but: yes, you paid for shipping, not for the custom fees. two entirely different things. woobleworks could have informed you about that, but it is not their responsibility to do so. it is your own fault for being ignorant about your countries import laws. so please inform yourself about the rules and regulations that apply when ordering from outside the eu or stop pledging other than eu projects.
hi there, im a backer from the netherlands. i want to comment on a couple of things. first, i was supposed to receive my doodler in september, and just received 2 weeks ago, in january,very late. also, when i got it, i had to pay 20 euros extra for customs!!! i find this unacceptable as when i did my pledge, i payed already for the international shipping, and you guys did not specify anything about that. would have been good informing the costumers about that before hand, don't you think??? if i could, i would glady return my doodler for the 85 usd (doodler+international shipping) + 20 euros of the custom taxes.  on the other hand, 3doodler could refund these 20e that the international buyers had to pay by sending the equivalent in abs plastic. just an idea to keep they people that funded and believed in your project happy. in the end, we costumers were not properly informed.
my 3doodler dud not work on arrival. i emailed and messaged over the last week. waiting for a response! it does not work and i hope you are sending me a replacement pronto!
@ryotaro ishikawa: just be patient, it is on its way. the tracking won't be updated if your local postal carrier has picked it up. try your tracking number at their home page. if you also read below comments, you will see most of us had the same problem.
november backer, just finally got to try to use mine today. worked for about 30 seconds total, and it now appears dead. i followed the directions exactly. so disappointed. :/
i haven't receive my delivery, im a january backer, after months 3doodler sent me a tracking number, the products is on overseas delivery status from jan 22, and so fasr nothing, i live in switzerland
hi, i've used the 3doodler 3 times and it worked out nicely. but on the 4th use, the light went straight to blue (abs) without it turning red for heat up time. the tip is not heating up. is there a reset i am not aware of? the fan and feed still turns on when the slow/fast button is pressed but it will not heat up. please advice what to do next. thanks.
received my package! nicely packed and all. yet to look and play with it in detail. just realized (pointed out by a fb friend) i got pla instead of abs. not a major issue. will count strands later haha. #posthoneymoon :)
@robert, i think you may have missed your window with ebay. with ebay and paypal taking about 6% each or so and it being sold elsewhere...you will just lose money
a long waiting 3doodler is finally arrived at my door step. at the 1st view the packaging is very impressive. will give it a try later and see how is the pen perform. thanks ww for all the great work and design.
ugh... still waiting to have my problems and concerns with the 3doodler addressed. communications taking far too long. weeks between each email, and each email just asking to set up a skype to talk with them, which i can't do. how many times must i say this? i'm beginning to think that just selling it on ebay before the prices go down might be my best option. seriously, it's taking way too long.
i just wanted to say iv had my doodler for a bit now and love it. now i'm not making any fancy art but i got it with the intention of using with my miniatures. here's a link to where i used the 3doodler to make a stream of beer flowing from the keg. it came out great and it was pretty easy. thanks 3doodler. http://i.imgur.com/glvcdqx.jpg
plastic info of the day: ww repacked the plastic. each pack hase now 25 strands of plastic instead of 10 due to the 3doodler box to fit in. this means you get 5 x 25 = 125 strands of plastic at the $99 pledge (or with upgrade) and all other get 2 packs of plastic 2 x 25 = 50! you can see the plastic vatiations here: https://s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/projects/285394/posts/613763/image-335035-full.jpg… tracking nnumber info: if you have not received a tracking number, check your spam folder first just to make sure you have not got an e-mail from "cs@the3doodler.com" (see also update #34). if you still have no tracking number you can contact ww via e-mail: cs@the3doodler.com - it is reccomended to use this e-mail because they will not regularly check kickstarter due to their new website and customer support. problems or defective pens:  if your pen stopped working, you may want to try some of these problem solving solutions: 1) check if the nozzle is clogged or otherwhise blocked. take a look at this page http://the3doodler.com/faqs/ at "maintenance & troubleshooting". summary of this faq: try to use the fast button and give the strand of plastic a little push. that mostly works to unjam the pen. if that won't work, remove nozzle while hot (so be careful that you won't burn yourself), reheat with a lighter and pull out the melted plastic from the nozzle. blockages in the tube can be pulled out or pushed back into the heating chamber. if you don't want to handle a hot nozzle, remove it and suck it over night in aceton. don't forget to turn the pen off after you tried this. 2) if [1] did not help, concact ww via e-mail: cs@the3doodler.com. they will contact you what to do. be patient for an answer they may receive a lot of e-mail because of the repacked plastic confusion or of missing tracking numbers and i guess that it is first come first served but everyone will get help to have fun with your 3doodler!
i, in canada,  have also received no information re: tracking! please let me know what's up
my tracking link does not work, but i still have the number. can anyone tell me what carrier they used to ship?
hello, why nobody answer, i have not receive anything, no tracking number , nothing,  is it much to ask for an answer!, i'm feeling cheated, please respond! i live in switzerland, anyone from kick starter or 3d doodler?
february backer - mine showed up today. i've put one stick of abs from 3doodler through - worked well, but i'm obviously going to have to work on my technique. tried to put a section cut from a spool of pla through, but it didn't work well - the feed motors don't seem to be strong enough to straighten the pla and pull it through.  i'm going to have to work on that also. glad to see a successful completion here.
thank you for your update, sam. my apologies then, been long time since i read the updates and didn't see any mention of changes of bags in the comments, so naturally i thought the worst. thanks again for clarifying that. good luck with your creations, folks.
also, i've been playing with the one my boyfriend got me for a couple months now - totally rocks for d&d minifigs.  i have a whole army of them now, and just make new ones for battles (like i will be later today).  so much fun.  my dad loves the one i got him.
@simon, erkan, etc the original 10 bags of 10 strands (10 colours and 100 strands total) was changed to 4 bags of 25 (10 colours and 100 strands total) for ease of packing, a bonus pack of 25 strands of metalic, glow in the dark etc was then added as a bonus. this has been mentioned in several updates, and repeatly in the comments.
so as sabine has said a couple times, they repackaged the plastic, so you got more than you backed for, just in fewer, larger bags (5x25 > 10x10).  as for contacting them, you'd probably be better off emailing them at cs@the3doodler.com, since they've mentioned a few times ks has been dropping messages.  i don't know if it applies to comments too, but either way, contacting them directly would probably be better.
ok, i'm a february backer and i received my pen yesterday, however my order is incomplete, i should have received 10bags of plastic however i only received 5 packs...
also i too just got 5 bags of plastic, with 2 of same colors, but i won't bother with it. i'm just happy i got mine.
well isn't it my life in a nutshell... after complaining here and other places, what did i come to found in my mail later? a pickup letter from my post office! never thought to check my tracking on my local postal agent,so i was quite surprised. :d i paid my customs declaration upon retrieving the package. sorry to hear you people still have delays on your doodler, but my understanding now is to not always trust the tracking. it's on its way. check with your local postal agent, they should could help you with the tracking. kinda sad that people of ww doesn't respond tho, they have made a great product but have yet much to learn about customer service. the big question now is: what should i create? :)
soooo.... i am a december backer.  was supposed to receive the pen in time for the holidays according to my pledge level.   well after being told in early december that it had shipped.... no pen by xmas!  no problem... my daughter's birthday is january 7th.... well nothing received by then either. on january 9th i sent yet another email and received on january 21st the following... "we are very sorry about the delays. while going through our shipping partner, they noticed that your order was missing part of its plastic. they pulled it aside without letting us know, and just now got the plastic for it. your 3doodler will be shipping out this week if it hasn't already, and we'll get you tracking information as soon as possible." i then actually received a tracking number the next day.  the only problem is that was the wrong tracking number!  i received a different tracking number after pointing out it was going to the wrong zip code.... well long story short.... they put someone else'e name and street address (i believe in new york) onto my town and zipcode here in oklahoma.  well needless to say... the package was undeliverable and is now in dallas on it's way back to wobbleworks???  it's almost comical now... what is sad is that the pen is now available from online retailers. i understand this is a start up company, but there is no excuse for unprofessional behavior such as blaming other people and also posting statements about shipments when in fact, they haven't shipped.  from other comments i know that i'm not the only one having problems.  hope everyone that has received a pen is enjoying them.  i'm just hoping that my daughter's pen shows up by next christmas now!  lol
can you please tell me when the pen will arrive, i am a january backer!!!, haven't heard any news from you
is disappointed. have not yet received my pen and now it is possible to buy in stores here in sweden. why send out the products to the stores before making sure that those who supported the project gets it.
not that it is a big deal...but since thinkgeek can now sell them means that they already have them in stock...thus meaning that they got a shipment of pens before the feb backers did. i am making something out of nothing though...
now being sold on thinkgeek - http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/1927/
thanks for reply, i see you're from netherlands. mine was recieved 15/jan/2014 09:22:07, so big chance they got in the same hub.  if all shipments go through the uk first, then mine should be there too. did you get the customs e-mail too? i havent yet, and checked my junk folder too but nothing there either. kinda puzzled and frustrated now. :(
hi erkan, for me it took 3 weeks. here are some selected lines from the tracker output. mine was in singeapore at the same time as yours, so you may receive it very soon.. 1 week from pickup to singapore, 1 week to get in europe, and 1 week within europe (customs?) confirmed pick up request	8-1-2014 14:45	hong kong pick up arrived at origin hub	10-1-2014 17:23	hong kong despatched to overseas	11-1-2014 9:15	singpost item received by transshipment hub	15-1-2014 9:23	singapore arrived at overseas	23-1-2014 10:43 delivery successful	30-1-2014 13:40
hi guys, how long did it take to get your 3doodlers? i ordered to norway and my tracker still says it was lodged into transshipment hub at singapore on 15. january. i know it takes long time overseas from singapore to norway, so i just wonder how much do i have to wait? does it take a ship 3-4 weeks to reach europe?
got my 3doodler today! happy! i just made my first 3 dimensional doodle, and it is all the fun i expected. just a small amount payed for customs into the netherlands (to the postman - no paperwork)  but that is to be expected. the unit is a bit more noisy and much less heavy than i anticipated. thumbs up for ww. they got many more units out than planned initially and also shipped ahead of schedule. i can't wait to see what they'll do next. 4doodle?
i am keen on the new accesories and counting when they will be available and what they will cost. :)
and now you can buy the 3doodler through normal channels....just found this: http://www.coolstuff.se/3doodler
99$ = 5 packs of plastic with 25 strands other levels (without upgrade) 2 bags with 25 strands...
plastic info of the day: ww repacked the plastic. each pack hase now 25 strands of plastic instead of 10 due to the 3doodler box to fit in. this means you get 5 x 25 = 125 instead of 10 x 10 = 100. 25 strands more fun!
just receive the pen but only 5 bag instead of 10 bags. $99
hi all - a quick update to let you know that all kickstarter pens completed shipping last night and should be in your hands soon. a whole month ahead of schedule! we'll be sending trackers and a full update soon. we have also noted that uk customs has decided to apply vat and import duties to a number of 3doodlers. unfortunately this is out of our control. we did all we could to minimise the risk of extra charges for backers, but these charges are legitimate and it is common for vat and duties to be applied to imported goods. the kickstarter platform is not nuanced enough for us to pre-charge for vat, hence our faq where we noted that these fees may apply to some backers. for those of you getting emails referencing aln limited, they are one of our logistics partners and this is a genuine email and not a hoax. as we have seen already, once these charges are paid to customs your pen will be delivered to you very swiftly. for european backers, we have been importing pens to europe via the uk, which is where the vat will be levied (one and once only), and why you have also been getting emails referencing aln and the uk customs collection.
how do we find out if our pen ever shipped?
have to say it's really dissapointing that because of the customs declaration paperwork applied by shipper we now have to pay an additional 35usd to get the pen. particularly as i even emailed you guys at the start of project to explain the lawful way round this issue!
hi received this - you have recently placed an overseas order from the ebay platform that has been shipped using the approved service called 'trakpak™'. the parcel reference / tracking number is: jjd0002250760025806 e-tailer: aln limited goods purchased: 3d pen total value: gbp 60.69 in order to release your shipment from customs, import charges as detailed below have been incurred. so that your order may be delivered promptly, there is a requirement to pay these fees. payment should be remitted to customs clearance limited, the authorized clearance agent of trakpak™ is this it???
hi just wondering if they've been shipped as i've got a suspicious looking email asking for cash via the ebay platform for a 3 d pen. so not sure if it's you or not
i backed with 2 account they write down 50$ for first package and i paid about $6 + $6 for handle+tax another one is 100$ on it (yes it 100 not 99) i paid about $6 + $10 for this one i have to pay for fixed handle charge it's about $6 on every package
.... 5 bags of plastic with more plastic in one bag than first stated. thx for your quick response ww
feb australian backer here, got mine today. thanks! everything in there as advertised and no extra customs charges~ was a bit of a pleasant surprise though because i had been waiting for a request for current address and thought it had been delayed due to backlogs etc.  no biggie as i'm still at the same place. :)
feb backer and my pen arrived today! :)
@sergio gavilan saez: james lamb also received such an e-mail and ww confirmed that this is real and it is custom clearence you have to pay. you better try to pay it but some had problems with their credit cards or bank transactions. @romain: please refer to my comment few below: you got more plastic than announced just repacked to fit into the 3doodler box.
today, i recibe this mail "estimado sergio gavilan (0235) número de solicitud de pago: 63817 usted ha hecho recientemente un pedido internacional, desde la plataforma de ebay, que se ha enviado mediante un servicio aprobado llamado 'trakpak™'. el número de referencia/seguimiento del paquete es: bpi0014hk00002347001 minorista de internet: aln limited artículos comprados: 3d pen valor total: usd 99.90 para poder emitir el envío desde la aduana, se han producido los gastos de importación que se detallan a continuación. para poder proceder a la entrega inmediata de su pedido, es necesario que se realice el pago de estas tasas. el pago debe remitirse a customs clearance limited, el agente de aduanas autorizado de trakpak™. gastos relacionados entrada a aduana  9.60 impuestos de importación  0.00 iva de la importación  16.22 total  25.82 visite www.cclpay.com para realizar el pago de los cargos en línea. le informamos de que el pago debe hacerse miércoles 12 febrero 2014 a más tardar ya que sus artículos solo pueden permanecer en la zona aduanera durante 14 días, después de este tiempo se devolverá el envío al remitente o se procederá a la destrucción de la mercancía. atentamente, revenue collections team customs clearance limited unit 1, metro centre st. johns road isleworth middlesex tw7 6nj tel: +44 (0)20 8231 0900 fax: +44 (0)20 8231 0901 email: enquiries@ccllhr.com www.cclpay.com customs clearance ltd es un agente de aduanas autorizado de trakpak™ en el reino unido " this is my 3dodler? why 99,9$ why in uk im in spain. in ebay? this is a fake. please response
january pen arrived today in luxembourg. but only 5 bags of plastic.........
hey wobbleworks!  our pen and plastic arrived, thanks so much!  i had completely forgotten about it, so it took a trip to our old home in alaska, then made its way to where we are now.  such a nice surprise to find in the mailbox!
on my package there was no information about the price at all, so the customs contacted me to send some information. and when i asked the cs for an invoice they told me that they don't ship invoices for the kickstarter project, so i had to send the amazon payments confirmation. maybe ww started to send price information with it and mixed up some prices for the packages or the customs looked up in the internet what it may cost and on the preorder homepage there are 99$ for the retail price...
$99? i only pledged $85,  does that mean you have been generous and sent us extra's? must admit i wasn't expecting an additional $36.00 in vat customs etc. does rather put a dampener on the whole thing. i am now dreading what the 3d printer scanner project is now going to cost me!  a lesson learned!
@sabine i'm already try that and 100% sure that there is no plastic in the tube or nozzle coz i can see through it , i already contact the support for both case and still waiting for answers ;)
guys, i expect the vat/import duty, no moans on that. however you've put the value down as $99, $15 more than i pledged - that's extra vat to be paid... that's not cool.
@tanapol: it seems that you have a jam or clogged nozzle. let it heat up and remove the nozzle but be careful because it is really hot! then reheat the nozzle with a lighter and try to pull out all the reheated plastic which is left in the nozzle. if you can't buy some aceton and soke it in over night. look into the tube of the pen when the nozzle is removed and have a look if ther is some plastic that could block the pen. if so you can try to push it back into the heating chamber. if all that won't help contact the support cs@the3doodler.com - concact them also for the missing bags of plastic. with the 99$ pledge come 5 bags of plastic.
another problem is backed 2 pens both on $99 first box came with 5 bags of abs but another box came with 3 bags of abs
@dreadjaws   i retrieve the previous strand completely  before putting a new one and both are abs @rodney as your recommend  there is no missing tooth mark on my plastic  i think it's should be some gears that not contract directly to plastic  anyway now, it not even move anything in or out but only very noisy sound that came from my pen when i push a button or even  both buttons
@j.w. the last one asked some days ago and i think you need to click "load older comments" to see it because a lot of other comments has been posted since then. so i will post the plastic question/answer everyday as long my last post is not visible anymore... hope i don't forget when i'm on holiday... ;)
hi sabine thank you for your fast answer. i'm really sorry that i asked the very same question as hundreds other. i looked through some pages at the comments and the updates here using the find function of the browser and also the faqs on your website. but i did not find an answer. i hope your answer is helping also others... ;-) kind regards
@j.w. you are one of 100 who already asked this but ww pointed out that they repacked the plastic to fit better in the 3doodler box. so you get now 5 packs each with 25 strands of plastic which means you get 25 strands more than your pledge say (pledge: 100 strands of plastic in 10 bags)... i think i will post the plastic bag size "problem" every day so everyone can read it before posting that question...
hi 3doodlers i just got my 3doodler. it looks great and i am enthusiastic about it to bring it into action. why i am writing here: i went for the 99$ "new year's color-tastic" pledge where it is stated that i get 10 bags of plastics. but no matter how hard i count, i only can find 5 of the plastics in the delivery. did i miss something or are the other 5 bags of plastics still to come...? thanks for an update
@nial i agree with your comments about import tax.  i'm fortunate that it doesn't affect me.  on the other side of the coin though, is the argument that by assisting to fund a ks project a person isn't buying a product, rather they're being potentially rewarded for their money being pledged.  that reward could be considered a gift, as opposed to a purchase.  i don't want to argue semantics, if you want the product, then pay the cost.  i'm just pointing out that there are other points of view. @dreadjaws putting one colour in after another is perfectly acceptable.  i've done it, and ww have done it in several of their videos.  the only issue is that you'll get a mix of the two colours for a short amount of time. @tanapol out of curiosity, have you tried inserting a piece of plastic, drawing for a few seconds, then ejecting it and checking the plastic strand for teeth marks ?  i wonder if there is a gap missing in the marks on the strand at regular intervals which might suggest a broken tooth on one of the gears or a gear that wasn't punched out properly. watching your videos gave me the impression that one of the gears is slipping every second when trying to pull the plastic through.
jeez! all you people moaning about paying vat/import tax... get a grip!!!! this is not down to wobbleworks to sort out for you, it is 100% down to your governments rate of tax on imported goods over the value of $xx. everyone knows that you have to pay vat on items coming into the eu from outside and you should always take that into account. a rule of thumb is that for any item from outside the eu worth more than about $25 upwards, you will need to pay a further 20% to your country's customs for import tax/vat plus a handling fee of around $12 to the delivery agent for handling charges. its just the way it is! it is always the buyers responsibility to check their country's rates and arrange payment, exactly the same as ebay or if buying from a non eu store. sometimes companies cheat (like ouya) and mark packages as gifts and lower the value on the customs declaration in order for it to miss charges or only be charged for a small amount... this is highly illegal and companies who practice that kind of behavior can face serious (really serious) trouble including huge fines and even confiscation of goods. it can also effect the buyer as if a package is found to be way under valued on the declaration or marked as a gift when its a retail buy then that package can be taken and destroyed, rts or you can be forced to pay a large fine/penalty to be able to get it once discovered. customs in most places work hand in hand with most other countries customs and postal services and can soon alert all eu entry points for cargo to be on the look out for packages from certain companies or addresses if they discover a large amount of fraudulent declarations from a single place of one product. when this happens, eu customs will attempt to stop and hold all matching packages and then make contact with the sender and customers with the likely outcome a large fine for the sender as well as packages returned to have their forms filled in legally. ww are doing the right thing by declaring the items at the right costs. other projects that have done otherwise are just waiting to be busted for tax fraud and are putting customers items at risk! @ people with problems... please remain patient! you have to remember that now is the busiest time for the company with 80% of the rewards shipping out as well as them gearing up for both retail release and the new accessory packs to go into production. there are some small issues that are causing people some problems but are easily sorted.  the most important thing is not to bombard ww with emails every day as it backs up their system with the same people asking the same things daily rather then getting to the people who have been waiting the longest and by doing so you are making your own wait longer! the guys are swampped so please just back off and your issues will get resumed asap!  ww wont leave any backers in the lurch and i know personally that they are working through the list of issues with people (some requiring skype or telephone conversations to talk people through some easy fixes). the filament drive speed being different on different colour plastics is not the motors but is likely being caused by the small melting point differences in different coloured plastic. the trick is just practice and you will get to know which colours do what. a small tip if you are getting abs coming out far too fast on certain colours is to set the temp to pla and it will lower the temp and make the plastic slow down a little. likewise if some pla is really slow then try putting the temp to abs and see how it goes. jamming plastics can also sometimes be resolved by setting the temp to the other setting. also keep your nozzle clean by buying some acetone and soaking it over night in a sealed glass bottle to dissolve any clogged up plastic. also try heating it with a lighter and using something very thin to clear any blockages in the small hole in the nozzle. one thing for sure is that model v1.1 needs to have a small temp adjustment knob to be able to back off and add more heat when needed to the standard settings giving about 10-15% play each way. finally... someone mentioned about not being able to rub out a mistake on a sculpture... sure you can, just buy yourself a pair of fine nose angled wire clippers and just carefully snip away any mistake, if a little is still showing then just go over it with the heat to flatten then apply the main colour to cover it.
hey, guys, i forgot to tell you, but i already received the doodler!  it's amazing, i love it so much i'm going to purchase one for me later (i'm not sure if i mentioned this, but i purchased the original as a birthday gift for my mom, i will be giving it to her tomorrow, sans the one strand of plastic i tested it with, of course). @tanapol i saw those videos and it, maybe i'm wrong but, it looks like you're mixing colors.  i think you're not supposed to do that, you need to retrieve the previous strand before putting a new one.  maybe i misread the instructions, but isn't that harmful to the pen?
i am a january backer. has my pen been shipped out to me yet?
i got this problem, here are videos : http://youtu.be/51kb-1yvc2s and this : http://youtu.be/po1hphigncm it's keep stop working every 1 sec with a click sound then working for another 1 sec then stop and keep in this loop, after 5-8 times of stop it just completely stop, no filament was move still wating for response from cs
i am having the same problems as tirinium and herbert, and i have been attempting to contact wobbleworks for almost two weeks with no response. i hope that i am contacted soon, because i don't want to end up hearing anything like "you've had your 3doodler for over a month, so it's too late to send it in." (that's hypothetical paraphrasing, of course). until i'm helped, i really can't use my 3doodler effectively, so it's just... sitting there. =[
i received my pen, but the tip doesn't have a hole in it?  anyone else have this problem?
@ herbert, i had the same problem but then with abs, feed is inconsistent at high speed, low speed doesn't seem to work at all. also have the curling on plastics on the tip, and plastic tends to get stuck sometimes so need to press it with and other stick to move it forward. also once the end of the plastic has entered the 3doodler i cant seem to reverse it. on the other hand after a few hours of work i found it came out better then before, so perhaps you need to work with the device a while to break it in.
i have received my doodler, and it works all right, with one minor problem: the feed is a bit inconsistent - the speed can vary quite a bit every time you put out a strand (using the same speed as before). sometime the stuff comes out slow, sometimes very fast (again: using the same speed / feeder button). i don't know if this depends on the color of the pla, or if you wait longer or shorter between drawing lines, or something else, but it makes precise work very hard - since you cant really erase strands it is quite easy to ruin a little sculpture with a strand of plastic that was to long / died in mid-air, or got bent. the slow feed / speed is more unreliable than the fast speed. quite often no pla emerges at all using the slow feed, especially when you don't use the fast speed in between. also the molten pla tends to curl up at the nozzle if you do not stick it directly to something (paper, another pla-line, ...). all in all it is a nice toy, but it somehow seems that it is not in a final stage, it should be a bit easier to use, be more consistent and precise as a tool. you might get better with a lot of training, but out of the box you are pretty limited what you can actually create with the 3doodler - most things look a bit random.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
pen cam in, will test it this afternoon. import tax came down to 20,56 euro for the netherlands. so other backers from there be warned to have the cash ready on delivery.
a lot of frustration here...i think ww should at least post something on this comments section to acknowledge late or missing deliveries and technical issues.  i got my pen in january as promised (one of the lucky ones) and had to pay import duty so for those moaning about the import duty - tough love! as people have posted before they cannot be expected to know all counties rules and tax charges and sometimes you get lucky and don't get hit other times you do... i do think however that wherever a kickstarter project reaches it's goals that maybe it should close and not allowed to get bigger. many of the projects i've backed have been delayed or encountered issues because it's become to big to handle...the less popular ones who get their targets and not much beyond rarely have these issues...
seems my pen reached overseas (amsterdam) from singapore 5 days ago so i hope i get it soon.
my pen was never delivered by the courier you used and frankly your customer service to sort it out has been awfull. six emails and no answers. last e-mail pre christmas and nothing since. such a shame as i expected better
as backer from the canary islands, an independent customs territory, i don't have to pay european vat, but my 3doodler is also in great britain by ccl, and they don't answer my mails. i asked also wobbleworks, yet without response.  they should have sent the 3doodler direct to the canary islands, and i'd like get a solution without paying what i don't have to.
hi. i am a january backer, as is my coworker. we both listed our shipping addresses at the office and he got his about two weeks ago... i still haven't gotten my pen or even my tracking number... please help me! thanks
@craig: the problem with vat and import duties is that the countries laws don't consider funding so for them it is a product and for them you have to pay. accordind to law you also have to pay customs if you just receive a paper with an idea you pay money for. ww can not think about all laws of all countries. you shoukd know what is law and estimate vat and imoprt dutoes before  you support the project just like you should know when you buy on ebay or on an online shop. i asked before supporting of it would get ce certificate for eu import because if it would have not got it i would not have been able to import. i asked on every kickstarter project before i back it so i don't throw money away i work hard for it. i backed also the buccaneer and expect more vat and import as for the 3doodler because it has an certain amount for which import duties need to be paid which i have not for the 3doodler. so i calculast with that when i will receive it becuse this is the law and i cannot change that.  no online shop will pay that for you and they point out that you are responsible for that.
@wobbleworks- super excited that pens are starting to arrive in the uk and can't wait to have mine. this is one project where i am more than happy to pay the customs charges- absolutely worth while.
it seems very bad that you now blame the kickstarter program for your own mistakes. and also saying that the kickstarter program has no refund policy is just plain ridiculous. this has nothing to do wi them now! the kickstar.ter campaign was for you to deliver an idea to the masses and for those willing to fund your ideas! this is not an online shop, never has been, so your statement about backers buying from kickstarter is wrong! people give their hard earned cash to fund and idea! not to buy a product. yes, most ideas have an end product and most campaigns offer an insentive to back the campaign in the form of a product, but ass u me-ing that all backers know that they will have to pay vat and duty on these gifts is out of order! there is simply no way you could know that, and you did not mke that clear in you communications! i am very unhappy that you are unwilling to refund me for a product that i don't even have and can't even access, because you think i should pay for import duties and vat on a product that does not yet have a real commercial value because it has not been sold, and the "sample" you sent to me is not a commercial product, you did not sell it to me, i did not pay for it, therefore how you can send it out with a commercial invoice is ridiculous. as for blaming kickstarter for not refunding me! holly crap, you guys are meant to now be a business, with business skills, you should be refunding me and a whole lot of other people it seems for a very bad product! and about customs fees and such, wobble works should have thought about this! not fob me off with some crap excuses...
so i've received the ccl notification and tried to pay them but none of my cards worked. i'm in germany, wrote them an email, they didn't react in any way for over a week. now the pen will probably be sent back and i won't see it in my lifetime... so that went well....
@freed: where are you from? the shipping date is an estimation because it depends on many things. first october batch was sent end of october the second batch sometime in november. it takes longer for some countries and then there is your cusrom laws which could also lead to  delays. some mentioned they got an w-mail. maybe your e-mail program mistook it as spam, maybe check your spam folder. contact the shipping partner according to your tracking number. i am also a first october batch backer and mine tracking number still says that it is at customes though i received it mid nobember... i received a letter from the customs instead of an e-mail but it took 2 weeks or longer until the tracking changed from left country of origin to arrived at border of destination country and then i got notice from customs. maybe you missed the custom notification...
ok!  awesome amanada at 3doodler, recovering from a pneumonia, was able to resolve my problem, which turned out to be an error on my wife's kickstarter account and not 3doodler.  she was very nice and helpful.  my guess they will get to all of the problems really soon.
just received my pen today. thanks!
i am a jan and have no pen yet
seriously. january backers have already received their shipments. have any other october backers been robbed by wobbleworks too?
this is absolutely ridiculous. i am an october (yes, october, i.e., 3 months ago) backer and i have not received my pen. wobbleworks has not made any effort at all to help me out. all they've said bogs down to "tough luck, we've already shipped it." and what does the tracking information say? "departed transit country." wow. really fucking informative. give me back my money. i don't care about your stupid pen anymore. just give me back my money.
@craig i agree that they really should have  employed a couple of part-time customer service people for this period. i think with 20+ thousand 3 doodlers out there they are probably a little overwhelmed, even with a failure rate of 2 or 3% that's an awful problems to fix. however about regarding the duty, i'm not surprised when i get stuff delivered from overseas i expect to  get hit with duty to pay about one in two times.  it happens, and short of getting the government to change the law, i don't see a lot that can be done about it
@stewart mine smoked briefly at first. i think it was the pla that it had been tested with burning off as i was using abs. the brown i think is the burning pla. if it keeps doing it after the plastic that you're trying to extrude has started to come out then i would worry.
looking at the messages, i think you guys need to take some of your investors money and hire some support people to sift through all the issues and then do som research on shipping. secondly, it seems you need to take the device back and re engineer it as lots of people have problems with it.!!!!!!! sort it out!!!! i would have rather you take another 6 months and made it well, paid a proper shipping company and then sold it in stores to make money, at least that way we would have a good product and be happy to have backed you, at this point, we are not!
why then has no other device that i have received from kickstarter funding have i had to pay customs duty on? why is this device different, and why were we not told that actually if we participate in funding this product, if we want a final finished on the we would have to pay another 30% on top on our kickstarter bid to receive it? this is outrageous. no to mention rubbish from your side! i received my ouya and gamestick without ever having issues with customs! i received my podi-m dock again without customs issues! in fact all items that were gifted as part of a campaign, or where the company pre-paid customs fee globally then we did not have to! i refuse to pay for the import of this device, and am appalled that your team decided to only reply with a one line reply, blaming the local countries government! the device will eventually be returned to you, please refund my money!
@stewart sandler mine smoked for a few seconds (at a guess 10-20), and yes a little bit of plastic came out.  the 3doodler was factory tested to ensure it worked prior to shipping.  if i had to guess, i'd say it was pla plastic being heated to the abs setting, burning it.  otherwise i have no idea. the brown liquid sounds concerning.  mine has never leaked any kind of liquid.
my october pen has still not arrived (and according to usps not even shipped), and i haven't gotten a response from their customer support since november. even the responses on this forum saying they would get back to me have gone nowhere. i'm making one last attempt through their cs email before looking into what other options i have to get my money back.
just got it today.  is it suppose to smoke before i've even put in the plastic?  some dirty white and white came out first when i had put in black.  also, some kind of brown liquid started to bubble around the base of the tip.  is all of this normal?
wow just received my 3doodler here in france ..estimated delivery january ! on time ! nice packaging, will try it this week-end with my kid ! thanks a lot !
actually robo3d "wall cling" vinyl was for pla.  i haven't tried abs on it yet.
received my 3doodler but it can't even power up. lodged a complain by email 2 weeks back but still no reply!
december pen arrived yesterday.  small fan sure is noisy... i hope that doesn't indicate a problem! one thing that robo3d has discovered (i haven't tried it yet) is that abs sticks well to "wall cling" vinyl, so if you're looking for a build surface other than tape, you might want to try that.
i agree that their customer service sucks!!!.  i have sent numerous emails here and at the website.  no one gets back to you.  this is terrible!
i have not received my october pen yet (months of delay) and i am trying to contact wobbleworks for more than two weeks. this is a complete lack of customer service.
i've been trying to contact wobbleworks for a week upon a deffective 3doodler i received to no avail. great customer service.
if you use the new link and add with http://www.the3doodler.com/blog/type-project/"type" (replace "type" with actual category e.g. http://www.the3doodler.com/blog/project-type/build/ ) you can access the categories...
@mercedes: thanks. really looks like they changed part of the site but forgot to update all links...
ok i searched around and it looks like they might have updated their site and i think the new link is here: http://www.the3doodler.com/blog/project/ you can find some stencils there.  i didn't see the original stencils area.  ps. if you click on "build" it gives you the 404 error page not found.   so just look under that link and look under recent projects.
i just checked and can't access it also.  i think the video, gallery, and stencils are offline.  it's probably something to do with the menu link on that page.  if you mouse over the "link" nothing happens.
anyone else having trouble with the stencil webpage? when i try to access http://www.the3doodler.com/projects/ i don't see any stencils anymore. last time i accessed this site there were lot of stencils to download...
this is the 3rd different way i've tried to contact 3doodler regarding my device which stopped working shortly after i received it, despite following the guidelines provided. please help!!!
unfortunately the orange writing on the new scotch painters tape i recently bought does transfer some to the bottom of the plastic doodle :(  i wish i had more of the old tape left! but the random old masking tape i tried is also translucent, costs way less, and also removed fairly cleanly from the 3doodled plastic!  so i will probably use masking tape in the future instead of painters tape.
day 27:  quantium says the package has left singapore.  canadapost says it was delivered.  my wife says it is sitting on the kitchen table.  now i just need to find a way to pay for all the plastic that we're going to be using.
looks like some of their other tapes have words printed on the tape too, in the video on amazon the "delicate surface" tape has something printed on it.  that is disappointing,  i hope the colored writing doesn't get picked up on the 3doodle.  i'll try it later this evening after i get home from work and get back to you. painters tape is pretty much universally blue colored so you can tell it apart from other tapes, it looks like scotch even named theirs "scotchblue painters tape." i have some old masking tape that is also translucent, not sure if a 3doodle peels cleanly but it doesn't have writing on it, so maybe i'll try that tonight too!
sabine, the tape i'm using at the moment is tape i bought 4 years ago, but it was almost gone so i picked some more up at a local store, so i don't have a direct url.   the product number on my new roll is #2080el, i just opened it to make sure it is the same as my old roll... my new roll has the number and "scotch blue edge lock" printed over the actual tape in orange, yuck!  it is still translucent (not transparent, so you can't just draw with a pencil, dark black ink from a permanent marker, it also works over black ink from my printer.  i would recommend not getting the "edge lock" if possible so those words don't get in the way.  i'm still going to use mine because it is better than the other brand i picked up, "duck clean release" was a few dollars cheaper, but it is opaque and lots of blue fibers get stuck on my doodles. someone else mentioned another kind of tape that worked for them a few months ago, but i don't remember what it was and i don't know if it is translucent.  i just grabbed what i already had around the house :)
@peter bakker: please contact the support by email cs@the3doodler.com or by the contact form http://www.the3doodler.com/contact/ . they are not that active here on kickstarter since they have a own website with faq and so on.
hello, sorry to bother you but i don't get any reply on my comments. i'am a december backer and haven't recceived my pen or tracking code. can you answer please???
@chris humphrey: how do you know that they just left it? showed the tracking number "delivered" and you have not been at home? if uk courier yodel left the package in front of your house because no one was at home i guess they don't have a signature of you so they messed this up.  than it is the fault of them. have you tried to contact them first? ww actual gives the package to the courier and they are responsible for them as soon as they get hands on them. ww can't influence any of their work flow. all ww could do is contact them and argue with them if they had delivered or not but you are the one who can verify your signature in that case. contact the courier and see what they have to tell. have you used this email to contact the customer support of ww cs@the3doodler.com ? some use the kickstarter "contact me" site but ww stated that they want to use the cs-email address for support. you could use the contact form on their website and you get an auto-response with your text in it so you can be sure they get your request http://www.the3doodler.com/contact/ .
i emailed customer services 10 days ago and still have had no response. my 3doodler was left at the front of my house by the uk courier yodel. it mysteriously disappeared and i am out of pocket by £80 including the dreaded customs tax and associated charges. i can't even get someone at 3doodler to help me sort this out. how can it be called customer service if they don't help their customers? please, if anyone from 3 doodler reads this, contact me to sort this mess out asap!
@carrie cosby: thanks for the tip with the scotchblue painters tape. i found some on amazon but i could not find a colour description or if it is translucent. on the company's website it says blue for the one i found on amazon. do you have a product number so i could use this for a search? i bought a picture frame and use the glass as underlay so that i don't ruin my table due to the heat of the tip. i would like to use the tape on the glass so i can put the paper with the stencil underneath it, if the tape is translucent. thanks. @greg jennings: yes ther should be a power adapter. if you don't have on in the box, write an e-mail to the customer support cs@the3doodler.com and aks if they can send you one or the specification so you can by some in a local store to get it faster.
im on jan backer  and got my pen today :) (thailand)
@riley dumouchelle.  thanks for the hint to check with canada post.  unfortunately on their site all it says is "international item has left originating country and is en route to canada" and that was 8 hours after it entered the transhipment hub in singapore.  26 days and counting since it left singapore.  i think i want to start a kickstarter project for shipping kickstarter projects.  this is the third consecutive item for me where the shipping of a product has been significantly delayed.
received mine today. not sure if i missed something (update/comment), but shouldn't there be a power adapter in the box with it?
still have not received mine. can you update?
no, i don't work for wobbleworks, i'm just a happy customer and a reasonable person.  to prove that i'm not a "paid shill" i will say something that no paid customer service person would type on this forum, you sound like a 3 year old having a tantrum in a grocery store because his mom won't buy him the right brand of cereal.  by your own admission wobbleworks has tried to satisfy you, and you simply refuse to be pleased.  it is just a 3d printing pen, it will be okay, when i'm upset i like to eat some chocolate. if my pen didn't work i would be thrilled to skype with the wobbleworks staff to get it working faster than waiting for shipping back and forth.  i actually did have a problem with my pen and customer service responded to my email within hours.  i also understood how kickstarter works before pledging.  and i will be buying additional plastic from wobbleworks for several reasons: a) i would like a small amount of lots of different colors instead of one spool of one color, and b) i wouldn't need more plastic if it wasn't for wobbleworks invention, so that is loyalty, and giving them more money means they have more available to make more cool stuff that i might also like, such as the new pen tips they are going to offer in the near future. tips for working with the pen that have helped me:  i'm using scotch brand blue painters tape to draw on.  i like that brand for 2 reasons, it is faintly translucent so i can put it over a paper and sharpie drawing and re use over and over, and the plastic sticks to it minimally when peeling off, unlike regular paper and other painters tape i have tried. make sure you start by pushing the pen into the surface so it sticks, or you will just make a curled up mess.  after you've drawn a bit you can pick the drawing up and hold with one hand while drawing with the other. push gently on the end of the plastic if and when it jams, and a bunch will shoot out, don't do this over your drawing as it will make a mess.  my cats like plastic spring toys, so i am reusing those messes by turning them into cat toys! practice so that you get used to the fact that no, it doesn't have a perfect speed, and yes, the amount that comes out does vary and yes, i really find that to be rather annoying myself.  it is still pretty darn cool and you can still make awesome stuff with it with some practice.  we pledged on kickstarter to give wobbleworks money to create something that didn't exist before, they might make a better model in the future, or this might be as good as it gets, who knows.  but i for one am happy with what i got, i can't afford a 3d printer, so this is still magic for me.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
creator wobbleworks llc. on jan 5 hi lane - we shipped x5 bags to $99 backers, each with x25 strands. so a total of 125 strands. originally it was x10 packs of x10 strands, which would have only been a total of 100 strands.
omg...read please this is brought up way too much
i found 5 bags of mix colour pla inside the box with the pen.  is it a mistake or what reason?  i supposed to pledge "full 3doodler pen, plus 10 bags of plastic (each bag a different color)" cwchan
@donald jessop.  check your local post office website.  i'm in canada and when i check canada post it says that it just arrived in my local city(should be at my house in 3-7 days) but the original tracking site still says singapore.  tracking does not cross borders with a lot of shipping companies.
taxes are a thing. so are import duties, customs brokerage charges. the reason that you have to pay this, and it wasnt included in the pledge itself is simple:  there is no way of knowing exactly what you will be charged.   two people ordering identical goods at identical times can be charged different fees even if they live in the same city. and thats just for one country.  it would be a mess to have 300+ "canada backers!", "mexico backers!", etc. pledge levels. nearly every international online order will be at risk for tax and duty.  from everywhere.  thats just the way the world works.
@james lamb - any import over a certain value with attract import tax (20%) i guess they can't know all the countries rules on this and as a backer we should know ourselves what we will have to pay on top of the value of the product (we pay it though if it's from within the eu)
@ james lamb - yes this is genuine i asked the same question earlier this month. good old uk import tax!!! once i payed it arrived pretty quickly though i did get a letter from them also (though it seemed to turn up after i has paid them!) stating the same information as in the email. i have mine now and played with it for about an hour and am pretty impressed though it's going to take some practice before i do something decent with it
is this genuine? if so, why no mention in the pitch. i presume i have to pay it?... dear ...(3858) payment request number: 61659 you have recently placed an overseas order from the ebay platform that has been shipped using the approved service called 'trakpak™'. the parcel reference / tracking number is: jjd0002250760024010 e-tailer: aln limited goods purchased: 3d pen total value: gbp 60.69 in order to release your shipment from customs, import charges as detailed below have been incurred. so that your order may be delivered promptly, there is a requirement to pay these fees. payment should be remitted to customs clearance limited, the authorized clearance agent of trakpak™ charges due customs entry £ 8.00 import duty £ 0.00 import vat £ 13.47 total £ 21.47 please visit www.cclpay.com in order to pay your charges online. alternatively, you can call our customer service team on +44 (0)208 231 0900 and we will accept your payment over the phone. please be advised that payment should be made by tuesday 28th of january 2014 as your goods can only be held in our customs bonded area for 14 days, thereafter we have to either return to sender or pass for destruction. should you have any questions, please call our customer service team on +44 (0) 208 231 0900 or email enquiries@ccllhr.com. opening hours are monday to friday 0900 - 1800 yours sincerely, revenue collections team customs clearance limited unit 1, metro centre st. johns road isleworth middlesex tw7 6nj tel: 020 8231 0900 fax: 020 8231 0901 email: enquiries@ccllhr.com www.cclpay.com customs clearance ltd is the authorised customs clearance agent of trakpak™ in the uk
@mkas my 3doodler arrived via hermes yesterday. no tracking through hermes though, since their tracking form rejects the trakpak reference number as invalid.
@jesus.  for me it's been 26 days and it hasn't moved from singapore.  took a week to go from hong kong to singapore in the first place.  as a november backer i was hoping for same year delivery.  now i'm just hoping that i get it.  unfortunately, as seems to be the case with very successful kickstarter projects, the actual fulfillment portion seems to be a major problem for the organization.
got my pen today and it works fine. really neet to see all that technology packed in such a small package. extrusion works fine even if you have to be patient some times for it to heat up again. used some 3d printer abs plastic with no problem. hope all other backers will get their pens and doodle.
hi, i received my 3d doodler tracking number, at its been 10 days that hasnt moved from singapore, i want to know some information please, cause its many time for a package to stay in one place, and its not normal. some help please
@ oliver: there is a dhl label (as i said) but it was somehow handed over to hermes
i am a jan backer in south germany and received my pen right now, but paid customs several days before. i will open it asap. @oliver: it was delivered by hermes
i was unable to pay to customs clearance using their website, i sent an email a week ago with no response, don't waste your time with emails. i just placed a call and had it solved in 3 minutes. have your payment reference number prepared and your credit card. customs clearance ltd. phone number: +44 (0)20 8231 0900 * * i don't know how phone numbers work in great britain, i had to omit the (0) between the brackets, it didn't work with it. i hope it helps.
received mine today in australia - thanks!
yea that's true, we paid 24$ por 2 bags and that is even more expensive than the shop. @wobbleworks what can you say in regards to that?
november backer here. finally got my doodler and it's pretty awesome!
another hurrah! today's post brought an attractive colour basket safely packed. posted by wobbleworks on 2 jan. i'm assuming that this is the etsy special creation, not the ele mckay.
for those trying to placate the $99 backers about how much plastic they got: a friend of mine and i were at the same $75 level, but i upgraded for $24 because i thought 20 strands wouldn't last all that long. i expected to get five times as much plastic as my friend, but when the packages arrived he ended up with 75 strands in 3 bags, while i only received 125 strands in 5 bags. i upgraded for the extra 80 - 5 times as many - but only received an extra 50, which turned out to be less than 2 times as many. the price i paid for the two extra bags i received was even more than they cost in the 3doodler shop... ($24 vs $20)
edgar: most likely it will be returned to the sender. hopefully ww will get it back, then i guess you will need to pay to have it re-shipped to you. in future, i strongly suggest you call instead of waiting for email replies when it's something as urgent as that, particularly when you are dealing with a large company who want your money (who are therefore usually fairly happy to take your call). holly: i never got to try mine properly but one thing i did learn from my brief experience as well as from reading both about the 3doodler and 3d printing in general, it's important that it sticks slightly to the surface. if it doesn't stick, you're likely to have problems like you described. try using a different surface like a piece of paper and pushing it in slightly when it starts so it sticks. and there are more reviews etc now then there was when i got mine, you might want to read and listen to these. sabine gross: thanks. that means those who paid the $24 more actually only got 3 more bags, 75 more strands or 1.5 times more compared to the 8 more bags, 80 more strands or 4 times more it was suggested they would get. a bit disappointing imo even if it's $6 cheaper than it would cost in their store and they gave us more than promised. (although the 125 vs 100 is a little misleading. they said the strands would be 1 foot. they are actually about 25.5cm meaning they promised ~3.05m and delivered ~3.19m so they didn't really give as much extra as the 125 vs 100 implies.) particularly since even the $24 price is grossly inflated compared to reputable 3d printing filament supplier. they could have at least thrown in another bag to give those who paid $99 a bit of a fairer deal. unless they have a very bad deal with their filament supplier, it surely wouldn't have cost them more than a dollar or two considering the price reputable filament suppliers can sell small quantities for. still it's kickstarter so i guess we should have realised the added extras probably weren't going to be really as much extra as suggested.
oh, sorry, should have read more of the comments first. :-) "as has been repeatedly mentioned: you got 5x @ 25 instead of 10x @ 10. you got 125 instead of 100. they just re-bagged for convenience." all is well :-)
hi, a november backer here (in northern germany). received my 3doodler this week -- but instead of the 10 bags of abs i pledged for, i only received 5 bags. please clarify. thanks and all the best!
hi tet yong lee, unfortunately it is too late now. i do not think they work on saturdays... and tomorrow was the date line... what now, it means i lost my money?
@maijo: doesnt matter. likely not shipped yet.  will ship soon.  and then you wait for shipping times. (once its in the mail it will take a while to arrive) quoted from most recent update: coming up soon all remaining pens will ship by the end of january. that's right, even february pens!
hi, i still have not received the 3doodler. i am not sure if i am part of the february or january cycle.
@holly - are you using pla or abs? i have had some issues with pla, but overall okay - i was able to make a bike with some time, but when i used pla...it worked great. much easier imo
@jonathan:   do you routinely leave your stove on when you leave the house?  do you leave your car running in your garage? no.  you turn off "dangerous" things when you are not using them, because you arent (i hope) an idiot.   the whole point of this thing was that it gets hot enough to melt plastic. so dont stick it in your mouth or stab it into your arm, and you'll be fine. it heats up and cools down fast enough that it should not be an issue for anyone with half a brain. as for paying to ship for repair: thats how nearly every company handles repairs.  you pay to ship it back to them, and they pay to return it to you.  deal with it.
i received it - my son was so excited. it doesn't work well at all for me. :( i wish it did. when the stuff finally does extrude out of it - it just piles up directly onto the metal tip in a wad or chunk and i am unable to make anything with it. wish i could get a refund and give that cash to another project on ks.
since i don't plan on using my 3doodler in my sleep i think i'll be okay.  i've been using mine without the protective cover and haven't burned myself once.  i made a bunch of xmas presents with it as well as stuff for around the house and have already placed an order for more plastic.  if i keep an open mind and think about how it can be used within the limitations of varying speed and amount of plastic coming out at a time instead of expecting it to behave the magical way i wish the 3doodler would behave i am much happier and able to do unexpected things.  i can't wait to order the new tips when they are released!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@tet yoon lee: i guess you get tow as announced but instead of just 20 (old package size) you will get 50 strands in sum. when you have a look at this image from an update https://s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/projects/285394/posts/613763/image-335035-full.jpg… you can see the different packages which will be shipped.
@william knebel: it has happened to me from time to time mostly when i used black and switch to another color. black seems to clogging the nozzle more often than other colors. most i could prevent clogging by gently pushing the stand of plastic into the pen - don't force it just a little help for the plastic. i bought a screw-wrench in size 6 and a heat shrink tube. i used the heat shrink tube to wrap around the wrench so when i take of the nozzle and heat it up the wrech is not getting too hot to hold. ww announced with the new nozzle set they will provide some tool for easy remove but we need to see if it will be fire-proof.
i was a $75 dollar backer and rec'd 5 bags of abs plastic with 25 plastic pieces in each bag. however, i may have upgraded along the way t get the other plastic. honestly, i am not sure but i can say i rec'd the 5 bags.
just wanted to pass along, i followed the faq for problem pens and took off the top, heated, then soaked in acetone to remove stuck piece.  i also dug out a very long piece from the inside of the 3doodler.  all is working again.  i hope this does not happen again.
one question, does anyone know how many bags of plastic those who paid for the $75 3doodler got? i know those who paid $99 got 5 bags.
edgar:  btw if your problem is with customs clearance limited rather than uk customs, i would suggest you contact them instead. again, i'm surprised if they didn't provide a contact phone number when contacting you but if they really didn't a simple search finds their website and contact details in the form of a phone number are not only in the contact page http://www.customsclearanceuk.com/en/contact.html but also at the top of every page.
christopher seaton: what fee are you referring? the £8 sounds like a customs handling fee and almost definitely have nothing to do with delivery. that fee would very likely be solely responsible for paying for the cost to the agent and/or the government incurred from the customs clearance process. in other words, if your parcel has cleared customs and did so in a timely manner, you've more than got you fees worth. delivery delays after the customs clerance (or before the customs clearance), well the payment for the delivery process came from ww's deal with their shipping agent. it doesn't come from the customs clearance fee. since you paid us$10 for the delivery (in addition to whatever cost is built in to the purchase price) you may or may not have a beef with ww if your shipping was really unreasonable for the price. although i expected shippers are still recovering from the christmas and post christmas rush so it's probably only fair to be a little generous.
edgar: is there no number you can call? that's usually the best thing to do when it's urgent and you still haven't received a reply to your emails. a quick search online find http://search2.hmrc.gov.uk/kb5/hmrc/contactus/view.page… although i would have thought they also provided contact details when they asked you to pay.
paul seccombe: i've heard holding it upside may help. i've also seen it suggested to shake it although that sounds riskier and you may want to check with 3doodler that it's okay. either way i suspect it's slow so i would try it for at least a minute, particularly if you've been extruding for a while. i've never gotten to unload mine since stopped extruding not long after i first started with it
anyone had problems retracting the plastic?  the pen appears to extrude ok but i can't  unload the plastic afterwards.  i'm pressing both buttons and the led does flash.  i've tried to email support but no reply.
got my 3doodler in the uk and have just given it a very quick first run: http://www.alt42.com/2014/01/3doodler/ no issues with customs.
@darby d - do you have twitter? i can tweet you once i try it out. it came in on friday and i might be able to use it tomorrow
dear wobbleworks, many thanks for continuing to ignore me. no pen, no reply to e-mails. this has put me off kickstarter and impulse buying/backing in general for good... valuable lesson, i guess. :)
dear sirs, my 3doodler is also stuck on the english customs and it has been impossible for me to pay. i have even ordered a new credit card with no luck. i have spent 3 morning at my bank and even tried paying from one of their computers. no luck. saturday is my last day to make a payment. any ideas? the bank tells me that if at least we had a bank account we could make a money transfer but the customs people never replied my email.
i'm a january backer and now the proud owner of a 3doodler!  uk customs cleared it the day i paid and it was delivered rather efficiently by yodel. can't wait to try it out.  surprising lighter than i anticipated.
@simeon herbert: take a look at http://www.the3doodler.com/project/ there are all stencils so far and still getting more.
i'm unable to pay to customs clearance ltd. using their website "sorry, payment has been rejected. due to our anti fraud policy we can not accept the payment based on the billing information you have provided" everything should be fine, after their website cclpay.com gets the confirmation from my bank they end rejecting the payment because according to them address information does not match exactly. i'm tired of trying all possible combinations, must be something with special characters that are handled differently. i've sent an email to customs clearance with no answer. did anyone have the same problem?
i'm an october backer too and have not received anything. moreover, there's been no reply to my e-mail dated december 15, 2013. very bad form.
is there anyone from wobbleworks to answer my question? i'm an october backer and i haven't received my pen yet. it is january 2014 now. can i know when would i get it? i've sent several kickstarter in-site mail to you several times but nobody replies me. i was told one month ago that my shipping info was missing from your database and you will send my pen to me in next shipment.
@matt:  as has been repeatedly mentioned:  you got 5x @ 25 instead of 10x @ 10. you got 125 instead of 100. they just re-bagged for convenience.
i backed at the $99 level to receive a pen plus 10 bags of different colored plastic, but received 5 bags of mixed color.  i sent a ks mail message last week, but no reply as of yet.  next steps?
@erica, sorry to hear that. i only got a tracking number because the delivery company wanted the customs payment and so sent me an email with it in. :/
@christopher seaton you got a tracking number?  i live in new york city, december backer, and not even a tracking number, let alone a delivery.
i'm a disappointed december backer in the uk, still waiting for it to arrive / be delivered. been waiting several days now since paying the excessive £8 fee and £13.47 vat. the vat isn't an issue, more the fee. tracking just says "out for delivery". i don't understand how trakpak can charge such a large fee and then provide such a poor service. shame as it puts me off back future ww products if they choose to use such an awful international delivery agent.
hi, my pen just arrived, cannot wait to play.  there were no templates in the box - can we download them from anywhere?
thank you sabine
@william knebel: take at the faq page on the3doodler.com there is some trouble shooting. it is possible that the nozzle is blocked with plastic. screw it off heat it up with a lighter and try to pull the plastic out of it. if this is not possibel buy some aceton and soak it in. if all this does not help contact the support at cs@the3doodler.com . the two methods described worked for me. some people also mention to try to give the stand of plastic a gentle push to get the blocked plastic through the nozzle.
http://www.the3doodler.com/3doodler-accessories/ < demoed @ ces
just a further note to my original post.  i do not think anything is stuck in the 3doodler. however, the pen does seem to grab the abs but then it never gets further extruded.  the plastic at the end has a few scrape marks like grabs but not moving through the pen.  still not working but nothing stuck inside it, that i can tell.
jan. backer and just rec'd my 3doodler.  worked for 5-10 minutes, took a break now a piece of plastic seems stuck somewhere inside the machine. no matter how long i run the machine with additional abs, it does not go through.  also, the feed button sticks in either position for a long time and will not shut off. i realize this is early in development but my 10 year old daughter is very disappointed now that things don't work. any ideas form the 3doodler folks?
@joseph serrano do you have a blog or website that you will give a review of the pen at? i would hate to keep checkin in here to see how the other plastic did...
woo hoo! i got mine last night, but because of the bcs game, i did not get to play with it. suprisingly lighter that i thought. good job.
@wobbleworks: in your next update, can you remind people about the 5x/10x bags of strands?  there are way too many people who dont seem to get it.
@thomas and others: thats how every online purchase i have ever made (that ships from another country) works. you pay ____ to get your parcel itself from point a to point b.   rather than having to estimate what the cost might be for 80 different countries, and charging a separate amount for each, shippers typically leave customs, import fees, and vat to the receiver because: your item might not get flagged / inspected.  no customs fees your item might not require any import fees / vat your item might look suspicious and flag everything. so vat, xrays, customs handling, brokerage, the works. too long: didnt read --  you can order 2 of the same thing, shipped same day, same time, different boxes, and be charged differently.   the receiver always pays incidentals.
count me as one who is less than impressed.  the speed is too inconsistent to draw a straight line without a swiggle or two.  i am still not exactly sure if this is in the feed switches, or variations in the plastic strand itself.  as someone who has extruded tens of thousands of tubes of caulk over the years, i have to say that a manual feed would have been a much better plan.  i realize you didn't want it to look/act/work like a hot glue gun, but a manual feed would have solved most of the problems i am reading about. it would allow you to feed at the speed you want, instead of feeding at the will of an (apparently) quirky electric motor/switch.  i wanted this "tool" for model making, with the goal of casting the resulting model using the "lost wax (plastic) method."  so far, i cannot see this being even a remote possibility.  wrt the other complaints, i didn't find the noise or fumes to be a big deal, but then i am used to working in dirty, noisy environments.  it;s too bad that ww's main goal appears to be shipping a product, rather than perfecting a product.
@stephen: yes correct because they changed the package of the plastic to fit into the box so you don't get 10 x 10 you get 5 x 25 packages of plastic.you get even more than stated at the beginning of the campaign.
hi i've received my doodler in the post today but my pledge was to include 10 packs of plastic but i've received 5 packs of plastic, is this correct?
i am an october backer, and finally managed to get my hands on my 3doodler today. yeah, it was a long wait, but it's finally here. fortunately, my 3doodler is not defective whatsoever, but i agree with the ones who say that the extrusion speeds are not constant. sometimes slow is unusable, and fast comes reaaaally slow and suddenly spits a lot of plastic. another thing is that when you are not pressing anything a little bit of plastic makes it way out of the nozzle. the fumes are managable and the sound is not overwhelming at all (videos on youtube make the sound appear louder, it really isn't). so thanks, wobbleworks. p.s.: i sent you an email to cs@the3doodler.com and never got a response.
i'm part of the dec batch, but i still have not received the thing yet. could you provide me with a tracking so i can check with the local carrier? thanks!
sometimes you are lucky and customs does not stop your parcel. somtimes you are not. for me it is much cheaper to pay the eur 9,60 handling fee, than to drive to the customs office wait up to an hour and drive back. adding the 19% vat to that amount and you have the additional 30% fee. perhaps we are even lucky(?) because normally the vat is on the total value including the shipping costs. @ww stop "customs clearance limited" from transgiberrishing the mail to german. it really reads like a scam. even in english i would have been sceptical until i went here.
i'm not happy that after paying extra for international shipping that i am now forced to pay an unexpected and unadvertised extra extra to actually get it through customs. i have previously backed and received a more expensive kickstarter item that came from usa without incurring an additional fee, so why is it being asked of me now?
@m mason - it is not a scam. this is one of our shipping agents.
@oliver - it entered  the eu via the uk, so the gbp number is legit.
@mkas: i just want to make sure that this mail is legit. where did you find dhl mentioned? it doesn't say anywhere in the mail i got. and one thing is a bit fishy: when i click on the payment link in the mail, i get this amount breakdown: total: £25.76 breakdown of charges duty: eur 0.00 vat: eur 16.16 entry fee: eur 9.60 so the total is in gbp? has to be a mistake, otherwise this doesn't add up! maybe i'll give them a ring tomorrow...
@oliver: i received the same message with the same amount ;). i contacted ww, but i think we have to pay the customs. i can only assume that it will be delivered by dhl as it is mentioned with ccl.
i'm in germany, and i got a similar mail from "customs clearance ltd" - in german. the valeu of the pen is given in gbp, but the tax and handling fee is given in eur (amounts to €25.76). i also thought at first this was a phishing mail, but, and just the mention of a "3d pen" made me think it could have something to do with the 3doodler. anyone know which parcel service will deliver these in germany?
not yet. planning on getting some off a highly recommended ebay seller once i get close to running out.
has anyone used plastics not from ww? how did they do?
the customs clearance fee for the uk sounds about right,   its quite normal for parcels from overseas (outside eu) to be charged duty on entry.  i was expecting it (and i think the kickstarter small print mentions it as being our liability somewhere too) eg. parcelforce charge between £8 - £13.50 handling charge plus the actual duty owed ( in this case vat on $100usd which works out at about £12.12)
thanks for the confirmation russell. i'll give it a shot. the customs clearance company should really improve their email communications, they're barely distinguishable from a scam.
for all those in the uk, i emailed ww last week when i got the same email from aln limited as i suspected it was a scam. ww emailed me back my tracking number which i matched up with the details in the aln email. i paid the charge and i have just had my 3doodler delivered just had a quick check and it does seem to work all ok. hopefully get some time to play around with it in the next few days and make sure it all works as it should.
hi wobbleworks i'm in the uk and have had the same import duty message. can you put a post up either confirming that it has been shipped by aln limited? like others if it is the genuine import duty i want to get it paid and get my pen, but if it isn't i want to know that as well.
as per the previous post, i just received the same email from uk customs requesting £21.47 to release the 3d pen from holding.   did anyone else actually expect to get hit with this sort of additional cost?  (1/3 of the value of the pen). consider this a heads-up for those still waiting.
hi wobbleworks, i've received an email that looks very much like a phishing scam, but some of the information was accurate and some was wrong. it said the package was a 3d pen, but the information they gave listed it being an ebay purchase. they said the sender is listed as "aln limited". can you just confirm whether this is company is the name of the one who're doing your fulfilment please? i am expecting to have to pay a customs charge (which they're listing as £21.47, for others interest), but i want to confirm this actually a genuine package before i pay any money. the reference to '3d pen' is the only reason i suspect it might be legitimate.
hi you when you are going to start selling or take orders on your web page?... and delivery time.. thanks.. im a backer
hi lane - we shipped x5 bags to $99 backers, each with x25 strands. so a total of 125 strands. originally it was x10 packs of x10 strands, which would have only been a total of 100 strands.
anybody get the 10 bags of plastic they were supposed to?
@lorenz, please message us at cs@the3doodler.com and we'll track this down.
congratulations on your shipping numbers!
hi, i am one of the "delivery by nov13" backers but havent recieved anything yet - is that correct?
@drmaetsro - please message cs@the3doodler.com and we'll troubleshoot for you.
hi, i have recieved my pen but after using 2 single strands of plastic, it has stopped working. the unit does "grab" the plastic but stops after 1 cm. when i remove the plastic i can see some linear  marks on the plastic (like gear marks). what can i tried to contact you but don't have any contact information. thanks.....
...and the package was waiting on my desk for me when i got home this evening!  no surprise customs duties, i'm happy to report; canada post is usually pretty good in this respect anyway.
@wobbleworks llc. laura said courier in china does not have a website to track my shipment with. so how can i konw where is my pen???
@andrew: thank you. canadian november backer here, it apparently left singapore on dec. 16 and i was getting worried.  if yours is landed now, odds are i should see mine within the next 2 weeks. it really sucks about canadaposts lack of interemediate updates.  usually you'd see at least 'inbound', arrived at customs, cleared customs, etc.
quick update from a canadian october backer.  my shipment left singapore on dec 3rd and just today (jan. 3rd) appeared here in ottawa "at local delivery facility" in my shipment tracking info. it took a month and there weren't any intermediate tracking updates, so it looks like these things are slooooowly making their way thru our postal system.
yes! now have both my 3doodlers. just waiting for my two "creations".
@ymilord - i have flagged your query for cs. it's a tough time of year but we're on it!
had received my 3doodler 2-3 weeks ago, but just had time to test it. some comments: 1) work as stated, except for the first heat up time that is a lot more than the 1 minute writen in the user guide (abs at least). 2) take getting use to "master it" ... still working on that :-) 3) there should be a variable speed, or at least a third speed. slow is too slow to get a constant and thick enough flow, and fast is, well, too fast to control it well. 4) plastic tend to get "cold" quite fast when not using the pen for more than 25-30 seconds. you then lost the small amount of plastic that is in the tip, and can mess up your work a little bit (abs at least). 5) the external mount should allows the pen to be mounted on a standard tripod.
got my doodler, my girls love it and have been having a blast with it. the sunglasses were a nice first project for them. nice product and great job on the execution.
i'm a november backer, still havn't received it yet.  but judging by a different package from singapore, which took just over 3 weeks to arrive, assuming my 3doodler shipped on dec 5th, + 4 weeks, + an extra week for christmas/ new  year delays, i'm hoping to see it in the  mail box early next week, if not tomorrow.
received my color-tastic + sellers on etsy special pen on 3 november after paying customs. no etsy special yet though. also ordered artist's special (ele mckay) + november colortastic but have nothing yet although it's 2 months after i received the october pen.
i should have received my pen last october. three months later and i'm still waiting. i sent them an email more than a month ago and they replied with what seemed like automated bs. i recently sent them another email and they didn't reply. perhaps because i asked for my money back? what a waste of time. i'll probably never back another project again. and this was supposed to be one of the "safe" ones.
what's the delay on the support response time? i sent an email a while ago and have not gotten a response. i've also sent a message on here too.
november backer from bc canada. just received on new years eve. orders are coming from singapore and are forwarded to hong kong before getting to canada.
@martin - please email us at cs@the3doodler.com. this is likely an issue with adaptor from what you say. @rob - those are legit emails and that is the 3doodler.
hello, i received my 3d doodler today however it doesn't turn on and the ac when plugged in makes a weird chipping noise. how can i get a replacement? or get this fixed????
and just to be clear i am from mexico, so i want to know whats the matter pls
hi, i am a backer of december, and still havent received a single notice about my 3d doodler, i dont have tracking, and the year has ended and still no info, so whats going on .-.?
@paul - spot on! @natasha - from asia, so sadly pick-ups aren't an option @lawrence - if it's in the usps system then usps have it and are responsible for it, so this is just them blowing you off as far as we can see. i will check your ticket and see if we can get this moving again.
@wobbleworks hi i received a mail from customs clearance stating that: "you have recently placed an overseas order from the ebay platform that has been shipped using the approved service called 'trakpak™'. the parcel reference / tracking number is: *deleted e-tailer: aln limited goods purchased: 3d pen total value: gbp 60.69 in order to release your shipment from customs, import charges as detailed below have been incurred. so that your order may be delivered promptly, there is a requirement to pay these fees. payment should be remitted to customs clearance limited, the authorized clearance agent of trakpak™ charges due customs entry £ 8.00 import duty £ 0.00 import vat £ 13.47 total £ 21.47" is this correct? if so who is actually delivering this as i cannot access this via the trakpak website as you need a logon and password (and no option to create one) ??????
@wobbleworks i'm in atlanta, ga, and the tracking status says: "arrived shipping partner facility" which the usps told me means "this item has not been released to the usps." that label has now been archived, because it's from october 24. so a label was creted with a tracking number but it never shipped and you guys keep claiming otherwise, and have completely stopped following up on the problem, as my last response was november 20 from laura.
@natasha - china
maybe this has already been asked and answered somewhere, but where are the pens manufactured/being shipped from? i'm in massachusetts, literally 15 miles from boston.
@stephen i'm from canada too (october backer). mine was between singapore and canada for approximately 15 days before "it lend" all of a sudden in my city. at this time of the year, these delays seems normal, at least for this project.
november canada backer here.   im starting to get worried.  my tracking number (on canadapost) has been "left singapore on its way to canada" since the 16th.  15 days without any tracking updates is a bit rediculous.  help?
have run about 6 strands through my 3doodler (still getting the hang of it but looks like should be fun), however it has now stopped working. i determined that the psu has failed.   is 'cs@the3doodler.com' the correct email to report the issue too please?
@alberto - your mailing situation is pretty unique and we're just very glad you have your pen now.
@vincent - what does the tracker say? please message cs@the3doodler.com and we'll help where we can.
@lawrence, we would't have a tracking number if it hasn't shipped. i can only imagine the pen is in a hub right now and on its way. are you uk based? if so customs has been playing havoc with us and slowing things down but we are almost done with resolving things.
so i got my 3doddler today, and fired it up, per the user instructions using abs. it works, but i'm getting a ton of black/brown smoke from it, particularly when not pushing the extrusion buttons. and i know the abs will emit some fumes, but wow! is this a pretty normal experience? i had to sit the thing outside just to let it cool down, the fumes were so bad.
mine supposedly shipped in october, and i got the runaround from customer support claiming that they were attempting redelivery, even though the tracking # clearly shows it never shipped. i haven't heard a word form them since november 20, and they have not replied to my latest query dated december 17. at this point i just want my money back, but i'm not sure how i can go about that. shady operation.
@vincent be patient. i am an october backer and haven't received it yet, it has been more than a month since i got the tracking number and more than 5 weeks since it "dispatched"
i got my 3doodler on saturday - november backer at first i was quite disappointed as it was not a fun experience...then i started to get the hang of it... i only wish that it would not extrude plastic when i am not holding the button...it will just come out slow when i set it down for a break. speeds and amount being extruded are inconsistent and the head of the nozzle is not surrounded completely...i might take this up with ww to see if it can cause issues in the future, but it has been working well sometimes i find that when you are using it if you give the plastic a little push then it will work much better. not too forcefully though...the plastic then extrudes at a nice pace. i made my name...a ball...and i am going to make a stand for my note 3 phone today too soon we will begin making the castle...boy that may take a while to finish. i may have to get some abs plastic for that as pla sticks too well to my glass table...sometimes causing it to break when i am trying to peel it off i suggest peeling it on before it completely hardens
@natasha - ebay seller - great reviews and us made plastic of high grade with fast shipping 1 kg spool - http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/ebayisapi.dll… 1/3 kg spool - http://www.ebay.com/itm/171169005670
i don't suppose anyone can recommend an abs filament supplier in ma/new england?
how about an update? thanks!
november backer here. no 3doodler yet two weeks after getting my tracking number. why is it taking so long? at this rate, it will be 2014 before i get it...
hey so i just got my 3doodler and love it! i've been doodling all morning!  but i did notice one thing.  feeling a little daring, i decided to use the pen without the rubber cover/endcap and noticed that as i was drawing, the plastic actually leaks through the threads where the nozzle screws into the body and looks like it would create quite a mess if not cleaned up after a couple of strands go through.  anyone else experiencing this?
@ courtney horne,  have you tried some wd40 ?  spray some on a cotton bud (q tip), and rub that on the tip around the join.  give it a minute and see if that improves the situation.  i wouldn't do that when warm or hot.  it's flammable (aaah good memories).
@sabine gross, unfortunately i already tried it with the pen warm (and hot and cool as well) to no avail. i used a socket wrench, an adjustable wrench and pliers and got no motion with any of them. i am beginning to think my nozzle must be crossthreaded or something.  i initially thought i was missing some trick but after considerable effort tinkering with it and googling for other peoples experienes i can't find any explanation for it not budging at all.
@courtney horne: try to remove the nozzle when the pen is heating up. it is easier when it is warm but don't forget to turn it off when you removed the nozzle. i used a wrench no. 6 (hope that this is international, i am from austria).
i already emailed customer support but since it is the weekend i was hoping another user with a similar problem may see this and reply sooner.. i attempted to remove the nozzle to deal with a blocked 3doodler (as instructed in the faq online) and the nozzle will not budge at all despite trying multiple pliers and wrenches. has anyone else had trouble getting the nozzle off? i am afraid to try any more because it is already starting to round off some.
@ pete & max, inventors of 3doodler i just received my 3doodler here in northern virginia and as a december backer its right on time for me and i could not be any happier!!!  thank you very much!!!! i am going to make a youtube page making things with the 3doodler and my buccaneer 3d printer (still waiting for it :( ) i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors!!!! -jenn
hi guys! if you read my previous posts and got curious, the only answer i got from wobbleworks about the delivery problem was, unfortunately, an affirmation that they could do nothing to help and a "tip" to contact usps, even after my saying that i'm not in us right now. just to let you guys know, i had to send a notary certified "retrieval authorization form" to the company that receive and manage my packages and mail in miami, and they sent a representative to pick up my 3doodler at the local usps office. it seems to have been all ok, the package is in their possession and scheduled to ship to me in my country on jan. 03. i had to spend some money to solve it, but i did it. without wobbleworks help. the only disappointment so far was that wobbleworks could have it solved to me for free with 1 phone call do dhl, but they didn't even acknowledged the possibility. i hope my 3doodler doesn't break, because i don't foresee a good future relationship with wobbleworks if i need support.
@jonathan - how about i pay for shipping and you send it to me rather than throw the thing away?
my 3doodler is broken. it never worked. i have had difficulty getting wobbleworks to make it right. after paying 100$ for my broken 3doodler wobbleworks is requiring me to pay for my own shipping for repair. wobbleworks seems to think blockages and clogged pens are a normal part of how the pen works. i see this as a design/manufacturing defect but i'm afraid wobbleworks thinks its normal. my concern is that because this pen seems to be defective by design, a replacement probably won't work for long if at all. this is why i want a refund. other people have received a second defective pen after returning them for repair. according to wobbleworks, clogs and blockages are normal. you need to remove the tip with pliers, soak the tip in acetone, use good strand to push out the previous color, wasting plastic. if i had known the 3doodler had very high maintenance needs like these i would not have backed it. i'm throwing this piece of junk out. as far as i'm concerned wobbleworks stole my money. at least people who buy this retail will be able to get a refund unlike myself.
@joseph serrano - thanks again. i used the ks message system earlier, but i'll try this e-mail you suggested too. yeah, now i remember an update where they filled us about ks messing up the messages... nice of you to mention their e-mail! i'll post here when this is sorted out to let you and the guys know about the outcome. cheers!
@katja, thanks for the info re: plastics. i just received my 3doodler and was surprised to find only 5 bags of plastic instead of the expected 11, and had just come here to ask about it. if not for your comment i probably wouldn't have scrolled far enough to see the 'official' response.
@alberto - email them at cs@the3doodler.com and they will be able to help you. they hardly check this section
@joseph serrano -  thanks for your input, but i live more then 4000 miles away from florida. i just have a mail forwarding service stationed there. if i knew the 3doddlers would ship directly from china, i would have it being sent directly to me in brazil. but as wobbleworks operates form boston, i figured it would be shipped from us, so i did as usual and supplied my us postal address. i was told by someone at the mail-forwarding company that the sender (wobbleworks) would just have to call dhl and file a complaint about the shipment, and they should be able to correct the issue with usps, who could have the package delivered in a few days. i hope someone at wobbleworks can do that for me. wobbleworks guys? pretty please?
@alberto - it seems that you will need to pick it up at the local post office. i would call the post office in florida to see what you can do
kevin, if you pay attention to your backing it said ten bags each with their own color.  you recieved all ten colors you were originally going to get (black, red, yellow, blue, white, brown, light blue, purple, silver) plus 5 strands each of the bonus colors, (for abs that was glow-in-the-dark, and fluorescent orange, yellow, green, and pink)  they never said how many strands were going to be in each bag, but you were supposed to originally get ten colors as each bag was it's own color, but because of the stretch goals you also got a mini pack of five more colors.  they just changed the packaging so that your colors weren't segregated.  it's all copasetic.
a little disappointed that my november backing still has not arrived in time for christmas :/
kevin, quote from wobbleworks: you have x5 bags with x25 strands each rather than x10 bags with x10 strands each. that's a whopping 125 strands vs 100. cs are normally pretty responsive, but would have sent the same message - you actually got more plastic than you ever expected. happy doodling
was i suppose to get 10 bags of the color abs plastic? i only received 5
@armadillo, your pen is probably okay, mine did the same thing.  the yellow stuff seemed to be a bit of clear yellow plastic that was already in the pen, presumably from factory testing to make sure the pen worked.  mine was "jammed" pretty much right away too.  use the fast button and push gently on the end of the plastic to help it along and that should get a bunch of plastic to squirt out and free up the jam.  you can also take the tip off with a wrench and soak it in acetone, but pushing on the plastic gently is faster and seems to work for most people who have posted here :)
hi there i finally received my 3doodler and opened it immediately but- after the first pen it is stuck!! :( the second pen just wouldn't move.... btw - the first pen left yellow burnt line at the first few centimeters ? thanks anat
hi! merry christmas, guys! now to the point: i'm really sorry to say that "we have a problem". i want to know what kind of shipment wobbleworks asked from dhl-usps. i don't live in us, but i have an address there to where i send all my us mail and packages, and then my things are periodically consolidated and shipped to me in my country. i've been doing this for years and it has never failed. the thing is, my 3doodler arrived today at the local miami mail office and, instead of being delivered or scheduled for delivery after christmas, it shows as "arrived at pick up location" and now it is "ready for pick up". i don't know what to do about it. for me, that's the same as it still being in china... i expected to have it delivered, not "dropped nearby" my delivery address. can wobbleworks, please, do something about it? my bi-monthly shipment is scheduled for january 02 at the end of the day, so i really hope that it can be delivered until that day. otherwise, my next shipment will be in march... i will really appreciate any help in this matter. cheers everyone! i'll keep my fingers crossed here. i can't wait to get my 3doodler!
merry christmas everyone.  i hope people are enjoying their 3doodler's.  it's cool to draw with.  it certainly takes a fair bit of practice.
*almost* here! according to the tracking info, my 3doodler left kentucky at about 4pm today. with any luck, i should have it thursday or friday! :-)
i started to get worried that i had somehow gotten missed in the december shipments today, even sent a message.  however, about thirty minutes after the message was sent, my mailwoman delivered my 3doodler.  ofcorse, then my husband and son both told me to put it under the tree and wait for christmas! lol
@zachary - that is awesome dude! make a few and sell them on ebay
love the pen wobbleworks llc.! works awesome. made a desktop stand for it today at work. here it is --> https://grabcad.com/library/3doodler-stand-1
there is a reason that it is more expensive is because you are getting multiple colors. it only makes sense. on the main kickstarter page they give us many links to other sellers. you do not have to go through ww. just note that when you go through other places...you are paying a lot for one color. you are here finding every possible reason to argue with them and things like this are a two way street. they are trying to figure out a way to help you and you are only being negative. it is irritating. how can you base their whole company because of one defect? you think that every television that sony sells works perfectly? issues are going to happen. many have a 3doodler that is working fine. so please stop the banter and contact ww to have your device repaired/replaced. $100 is nothing to whine carelessly about.
if you go to the website and do the math you will realize that replacement plastic comes out to .40$ per strand. this seems to be very expensive. i should have bought a big box of crayons. i would have had more fun for a lot less.
while my 3doodler doesn't work _exactly_ as i had hoped (we all thought it would be magic, didn't we?) it is still a really amazing piece of technology for the price and i'm absolutely loving mine more every time i use it, thank you wobbleworks! i've been happy with everything i've backed on kickstarter, this is an amazing platform for people to get stuff made.  i also frequently buy from small businesses and individuals on websites like ebay and etsy where there isn't often a specific phone number to call... it is great to be able to get something unique and/or before it is available retail, and almost every business that works that way tends to be grateful to people for supporting them and very helpful to their early customers.  don't give up on wobbleworks guys, the 3doodler is great with a bit of practice and learning curve.
"so you are right, we don't allows refunds for kickstarter orders, but we have been providing pretty much rolls royce one to one personalised service for the handful of backers who have had issues, service that goes beyond any normal retail situation, and exactly in recognition of the support you provided us in launching this" if this were normal retail i would have returned it for my money back. i find it somewhat funny that until i started posting here the only "rolls royce one to one personalised service" i received was being told i might have to pay for the repair of a product i was not able to use and that i can only get service if i make a video and schedule a call via skype.
dear jonathan - as far as i can see you have now been provided a return address within the usa for the pen and we'll do our best to turn the pen around as soon as possible, or, if no remediable, replace it. you asked what the repair cost would be. as we also make very clear in our terms we are responsible for product defects. so if this is indeed a product defect we'll repair or replace at our cost. if this is a user-generated issue (which we have not been able to ascertain), we have generally been carrying out all repairs gratis. so please take the no refund policy (very standard for kickstarters) on context. in the very small number of issue cases users have had pens replaced and repaired at no cost to them. in cases where users have damaged their own pens we have also been known to carry out all repairs for free and only charge for shipping. so you are right, we don't allows refunds for kickstarter orders, but we have been providing pretty much rolls royce one to one personalised service for the handful of backers who have had issues, service that goes beyond any normal retail situation, and exactly in recognition of the support you provided us in launching this. now let's get your pen fixed or replaced as soon as we can.
no one should ever do business with a company that does not have a phone number.
@daniel. i value my privacy. i don't use skype and i don't give out my phone number to strangers. your the business that sold me a defective product. your the ones who need to have a contact number, not me. my 3doodler has never worked. i followed the instructions and it extruded about an inch and stopped. after your first response i tried all the suggestions you gave me but it did not fix it. your own website says refunds are available for everyone except kickstarter backers. we are the ones who helped you launch this product but we have less rights than a normal consumer.
dear jonathan - we have multiple ways to repair, replace and troubleshoot the small percentage of issues arising. if only you would actually talk to us we'd very gladly help. we're here, please drop us your contact details and we'll get you fixed up.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hi jonathan - the purpose of asking for a video chat or a call is so we can diagnose the issue and help you better. perhaps something got lost in translation/communication, but if you message cs your number or skype details we'll get online (or on the phone) to troubleshoot with you asap and work out the best plan of action to get you 3doodling. the main reason we can't give you a number is because we want to make sure the right person at our end is able to contact you, and with us being spread around right now and the holidays upon us that is a bit tricky. but rest assured we will get you doodling, we just need to take some very basic first diagnostic steps so we can figure out the fastest and most efficient way to do this. nobody has said you'll have to pay for a repair, just that user-caused defects result in user's paying for shipping (very standard) while product defects will be covered by us (also standard). let's get on the line and chat please so that we can do our job and have you creating. daniel
my 3doodler is broken. it has never worked. i want a refund. if that is not possible then i need a repair but your customer service agent amanda will not provide my the info i need for a repair. she said my only options are to create a video or schedule a time for you to call me. why won't you refund my money? why won't you give me the info i need to ship my defective product back for repair. why won't you provide me a phone number to call to resolve my problem? you sold me a defective product and now you won't make it right. you are telling me i might need to pay for my repair even though it is defective out of the box but won't provide me a return authorization number so i can actually get it fixed.
cs answered really fast.  ok, so this is how the packaging goes it seems.  so everything is here. ziv
@ziv - the question went to customer service 12mins ago. boy do i wish we were that fast! we're fast, but not 12mins fast! response coming at ya (yup, under 14mins).
@ziv - you have x5 bags with x25 strands each rather than x10 bags with x10 strands each. that's a whopping 125 strands vs 100. cs are normally pretty responsive, but would have sent the same message - you actually got more plastic than you ever expected. happy doodling!
hi guys.  am i missing something? we went with the $99 tier. we should have gotten 10 packages + the extras they promised.  i have 5 bags.  was something changed? did i miss an update? i sent a question to the customer service but as they ignored my last one i figured i should check here with other backers. ziv
@sabine thanks for the info.  i'll find out in about 36 hours how loud it can really get. i'm not sure the fan would get much louder, but hearing the plastic pushed through the gears might increase in volume.  i'm not that fussed at the noise.  i don't work in a cinema or a library, so 'keeping the noise down' isn't a big issue. i'm excited like a little kid at christmas... i am curious if my model is slightly different to others.  some people have been saying that their slow button gets caught.  mine is a microswitch, and i barely have to press it down for the button to 'click' (which is correct for a microswitch), so i have to wonder how people are managing to get their button stuck ?
@rodney n: the noise every one is talking about starts when you use plastic. for me it is not that loud and during doodling i am so focused on the work that i don't hear it anymore. the noise is a good indicator if the pen is working properly which means it is feeding the plastic to the heating chamber. no noise mostly means you have to put anther plastic into the pen or it is jammed. either way it is easy to get the pen back working :)
it's alive !! er, it's arrived... awesome work ww. i plugged it in, powered it up, and let run for a second without plastic in it. there was a tiny bit of smoke as it heated up, other than that, pressing a button seemed to make it run.  the fan turned on, and i could hear a gear going as well. i was surprised that the fan wasn't as loud as i thought it would be, based on peoples accounts.  i honestly thought it would be like a small jet engine taking off.  it wasn't anywhere near as bad as that.  overall i thought it was pretty quiet.  it makes a high pitch whine, but it's not deafening or anything. now to wrap it back up for santa to deliver it to me on christmas morning.
hi all - please email cs@the3doodler.com with any problems. we have fixes for almost every issue. if you are having pen problems, whether mechanical or user generated, we want to solve them and have you doodling as soon as we can. we no longer check this wall as much as we used to as we sadly cannot be as attentive across every available channel. as you'll also see there are a lot of people out there having wild times with their doodlers, and we want exactly the same for you. in fact we're committed to making sure that happens!
i received mine yesterday and it worked fine for about half a stick of plastic. now it stops extruding for long periods of time and when it does extrude it is not at a constant rate and it only extrudes for a couple of seconds before it stops again. overall this is very disappointing and i don't see any troubleshooting section on the website. i waited a year for this product and it stopped working on day 1.
@andrew good to hear that they got back to you. i'll hold steady and keep experimenting for now and hope another update is released from ww that covers common problems.
upd. regarding slow extrusion on slow mode i mentioned earlier: ww replied that they will look into the problem and will offer some possible fixes to that. thanks for the fast answer, daniel.
just received the most dreaded news a backer can get so close to christmas...usps tracker said delivered, but there was no doodler near my house nor in my mailbox...quick call to the local usps distribution center yielded nothing but 'claim missing package' with the shipper...i am at a lost for next steps...
sorry, got a confusion with date, but it does not change the fact that the model shown in video is clearly pre-production one or an early version.
@robert griffin i've noticed that on this video http://www.the3doodler.com/videogallery/3doodler-speed-settings/ it extrudes pretty well on slow, which makes me think that we got some kind of jamming problem already... or worse. the video was posted on 10-03-2013 so this was a very early model, which i suppose was released right after the one shown in the ks promotional video... so in theory it should work worse than final model.
just got my 3doodler today.. doesn't work at all. won't extrude any plastic. is there a support service set up yet for torubleshooting/returns?
plastic extruding at different thicknesses*.
i'm also experiencing the same problems: plastic not extruding after several seconds, plastic extruding at different speeds, etc. if it doesn't work properly soon, i may have to ask for a refund. i'll hope for the best, though. i've really been looking forward to the 3doodler. @jonathan darwin: i feel the same way about the videos. they didn't release a single moment of video that showed the actual speed, which is very misleading. it only would've taken 10 or 15 seconds to demonstrate the actual speed (as well as the loud sound from the fan). the videos seem to have been designed solely for promotional purposes to sell more 3doodlers, without any emphasis put on informing people of their actual performance.
@sabine im ok with this on fast, but on slow i have some problems. i just cant use it at all. here is a video demonstration: http://www.youtube.com/watch…. once again, extruding very well on fast, except occasional pauses, so this is not a blocking/jamming problem. any fixes for that?
@andrew: yes, when i am workimg over an hour tjan it needed to reheat more often with a pause where the led is blinking red.  also on the fast button it isn't extriding smoothly - it always switches between a lot and less plastic. i mostly use the slow button which works pretty fine.
@stuart could you please elaborate a little bit. mine works as follows: on fast mode, button being held constantly: steadily pours for 2-3sec, then stops for a 0,5—1 sec. on slow mode, while button is pressed continuously: slow (for me - a bit too slow) extrusion with a stop after each 2-3 sec. but when i apply some pressure while plastic is still sticking out, it extrudes as it should without any interruptions and the speed is decent. this also works for a fast mode, removing any pauses while constantly extruding plastic. do you have a similar situation? thanks
@jonathan darwin: i cannot follow your warning. i received mine and it works. sometimes it gets jammed and did exactly whast they told you to get it back to work but youneed to remove the nozzle first which is easy because it is like a screw. i also soaked it over nigjt in aceton for complete cleaning especially on the outside where molted plastic was glued to it. according to the shipping costs i never found a new or small company to pay a return because they cannot afford it. if it's really broken that can happen to you if you buy at amazon due to the amount of produxcts produced, a little amount is sometimes faulty but it is due to mass production. try to heat the nozzle and pull out the plastic while hot and repeat until you got it out. @videos: for me it was always clear that it was speed up because they always said that the big eiffel tower took hours of work like all the other stuff. i will make some video too and also will speed up because noone is interesting in watching hours of video... @baolu shen: remove the nozzle and take a look into the tube. if you can see the plastic try to pull it back from the head. maybe it is easier when you let the pen warm up a bit and thwn shut it down and try to pull the plastic out with a pair of tongs or to push it back up the pen with a long solid stick.
warning! if it is not to late i strongly urge all of you to cancel your orders. the 3doodler does not work. i think the company knows this and has legally protected themselves from liability. my 3doodler does not work. the return address on the package is someone's apartment and i noticed that the terms and conditions on the 3doodler website were plagiarized from nest.com. i know this because they forgot to remove all references to the site they stole it from. they will not give me a refund. they say i will be liable for shipping if they determine it is not defective. they told me to soak it the tip in acetone overnight and to heat the tip with a match or lighter to try and fix it. they won't provide me a phone number to call but instead want to set up a time for me to skype with them and they want me to record a video of my problem. this is totally ridiculous. i suspect a lot of disappointed people after christmas this year. if it's giftwrapped for christmas i suggest opening it to make sure it works before giving it as a gift. i also feel we have been misled by the videos. if you watch them more closely you will notice that the video has been sped up so you are tricked into thinking it works faster than it does. they also seem to always show completed projects in front of a solid color background or from an underneath perspective. this is to give you the illusion that it creates projects bigger than it actually does. i have never felt more ripped off in my life and i only hope i can prevent someone else from loosing 100$
hi, i forgot to cut the residual part of the plastic after removing and inserted it the other way. now i cannot insert any new plastic in and cannot get the remaining out. any idea how to fix it? thanks!
henrik - the only difference is that you get one color for that amount...it may have been a little pricier, but you get more colors also...i think the pen itself is worth 99 bucks so plastic is extra joy
got mine finally! looks great but has not tried it yet as it is a christmas present. but i felt a bit disappointed with only getting less than 160g (with packaging weight) of filament more  for $24 more ($99 pledge).  as i can buy ~1kg for the same amount.
@andrew, i've found the slow seems like a pretty decent speed most of the time. it might be nice to have a third speed between fast and slow, but overall, i think it works pretty well.
received mine yesterday, thanks so much can't wait to see what i can create.
did anyone already manage to track it via trakpak?
i tried to track my pen via trakpak (link in your mail: http://www.trackmytrakpak.com/ ) but it always says i have to log in! there is no possibility to register (?)
it's just me, or its a bit too slow when using abs on the "slow" mode? it seems to extrude very well on "fast", but it takes forever to extrude even a 2 cm tall line using back button...
hi.... as a november backer i am a little disappointed that i will not have it on end of  december.... or will i ?.... why is it so difficult do send out tracking numbers?  the project seemed to be so good in time ... (my 3doodler was meant as a christmas present...)  hope it will come here at all... is that possible that december backers allready have it in australia.... and november backers in germany still wait for it? is there any possibility to check if it was sent out to me? (is it really sent out in singapore? why then do us backers pay 10usd less than the other backers...;) kind regards  harald
i got my tracking info a few hours ago.  ww have shipped my pen via toll global express.  according to the tracking, it's already in transit.  i'm hoping to see an update late tonight showing it's touched down in sydney.  that would mean a monday or tuesday delivery. if that's the case, then it will definitely make my christmas !
@chip if they're shipping via camel and tuna as some people suspect, then mine should arrive sometime in the next few weeks.  some aussies have had theirs couriered out, so there is a slight possibility of seeing the 3doodler sometime this year. if it's via hong kong or china post, i might as well give up now.  around this time of the year, both of those postal services get so swamped it can take upto 12 weeks for items to show up.  i've had plenty of past experience with those postal companies around this time of the year.
to clarify, i'm very satisfied, and i love the 3doodler. i just felt a bit misled is all.
i got my 3doodler! everything is working great so far (i think), but i've only used it for about 30 seconds... i didn't want to wake anybody up... from a different room. with doors closed. maybe i have a dysfunctional one? i really wish that more emphasis was put on the noise that the exhaust fan makes. i don't, by any means, regret buying it, but i've had an image in my head for months of sitting at a coffee shop after i've had some practice with the 3doodler and creating a work of art. finding out that this isn't possible because of the noise this little guy puts out is a real disappointment. i really would have been okay about it if i had known, but even after receiving the 3doodler, it wasn't easy finding a video that actually had the sound of the 3doodler that we are receiving. in fact, i still haven't found one...
never mind!  i got a email asking for a response, back in april of 2013.  that must be it.
hi, according to update #32, all the addresses for january shipping have been locked down, but i don't remember getting an email to confirm my shipping address.  i backed for delivery in january.  could someone please let me know?  thanks!
@rodney - check update #32 dated today - they claim that all december pens have shipped...  woo hoo - mine was december also...  six day (or less) shipping from boston to atlanta seems totally possible for mine - i may have it in 2013.  i can't wait!
@will that's my guess.  i'm a december backer and received my 'address confirmation' email a little over 3 weeks ago.  there's only 6 working days left this year, so i can't see anything happening in that time.  oh well, maybe it'll arrive in time for my birthday in january. wobbleworks haven't even said anything about december pens being shipped, so i can only guess that they haven't.
i just want to know when will we have acces to a forum to share tips, problems, and cool pictures.
my 3doodler arrived yesterday. it extruded about an inch of plastic and stopped working. the build quality seems horrible. i'm still waiting for a response from wobbleworks.
if we haven't received any emails by now, will we probably not be getting a pen in december?  or is anyone else in the december group receiving pens without emails?
november backer here. i got tracking info on december 9th, from "cs@the3doodler.com" the shipping info was a small spot in the upper left corner, but 98% of the email was tips & tricks and things. i say this, because i could see where someone might miss the tracking info, and think it was just an email about some tips and ideas. nothing showed up on the tracking information until a few days ago, and now, it's marked as "out for delivery, so even when you get tracking info, it might still be a little while before anything actually starts moving. i still plan to doodle a little mailbox to go on my desk, so i can get my "checking the mail" fix, without getting weird looks from my mailman as i stand at the door waiting for him.
if you are sending tracking numbers how would you send them?  curious when you do get to the december shipments
no tracking number or shipment notification email for me (us east coast november backer), but mine just arrived in the mail today!
i'm not sure what happened but i just received mine yesterday and after playing with it for a little bit, the top started to smoke and then the plastic part at the front began melting.  i turned it off of course but am not sure what to do now!
just got mine yesterday. i was a november backer on the us east coast. got a tracking number for usps on dec. 9, which never updated with any info on usps's website. it was a pleasant surprise to come home to! the whole thing was smaller than i imagined (a good thing!) and i only did about a half hour of doodling sans stencils (no printer at home). but it worked well, after a few early jams, & didn't take too long to get used to. excited to try some stencils i'm printing at work today.
received it today in belgium with no customs.  haven't received the tracking number yet, nor a mail saying that it was in delivery. but it is there.
the package said 50$ value, so i thankfully did not have to pay vat on the full amount but with custom fees it was 30$ extra. free world trade....what a joke! :)
mine arrived in sweden yesterday! finally! :)  (october backer) so roughly 14 days from when singpost said it left their hands until it arrived. i really miss the feature i wished for, variable extrusion rate. fast is often too fast and slow is often too slow or not extruding at all. but apart from the extrusion rate, i'm a very happer camper, having a blast with the 3doodler, great work ww! :)
that's just the international postal lottery.   they sometimes fail to spot parcels to which they should apply import dutys/vat.
@ruggeri (and everyone else) very strange, some people have to pay taxes, others don't. a friend and i (who live in belgium too) didn't have to pay anything. i don't get this...
i recieved 2 packs of blue green yellow red black and 2 packs of white brown light blue purple grey and 1 pack pink green neon yellow neon glow dark. i understand and thanks my daughter is trying it out now. great job and i am very excited and happy. happy holidays. wobbleworks llc. says: hi damon, we originally said we would send ten packs of ten strands (100 strands total, 10 colors). since then we have reconfigured the packs and have sent out 4 packs with 25 strands each (still with 10 strands each of 10 colors). as a kickstarter backer, you also received a free bonus pack of plastic (the unique pack) so you now have a total of 125 strands, not 100! -amanda
actually jonathan, it did update once, just before it arrived at my house. no tracking reporting arrival in vancouver, customs in and out, etc.
@marie awesome! so was the canada post tracking ever updated or did you just receive it while it still said it was between singapore and canada? i'm receiving mine at a mailbox and i need to visit there to get it, so tracking would be useful :)
just received it! tracking between singapore and my home town was useless. will try it this weekend probably!
wait? i have to open the box?  yeah. i'm pretty stupid.  i found them.  everything looks great and i love the bubble packaging it came in.  sorry for the confusion on my part.
@andrew (and other color-tastic backers) - we originally said we would send ten packs of ten strands (100 strands total, 10 colors). since then we have reconfigured the packs and have sent out 4 packs with 25 strands each (still with 10 strands each of 10 colors).  as a kickstarter backer, you also received a free bonus pack of plastic (the unique pack) so you now have a total of 125 strands, not 100!  these packages are inside the box.
received mine today, but no sign of the bags of plastic.  are those arriving later?
sooo... dec 16th, i still don't have a tracking number or anything (november backer). should i be contacting someone?
@marie @jonathan - try putting the tracking code in canadapost » http://www.canadapost.ca/cpo/mc/default.jsf… , mine is possibly going to arrive on friday...
thanks for the tips @sabine!
@carrie cosby: you need a program to edit the template. it was created in adobe illustrater. so you need either illustrater or a similar program which can handle the ai files. i don't have a mac but i use inkscape on my windows computer and it is available for mac. what inkscape does not support are multiple pages or export to pdf. so i made all the graphics in inkscape and exported them as png and put it into a word document where i used the header and the bottom of the stencil (you need to install the font of course). it is a bit pedestrian but it worked for me. i uploaded the stencils but were not cleared yet - i guess they have a lot to do with the shipping...
canadian november backer here. if your tracking via quantiumwhatever hasnt updated in a few days, try putting your tracking number into the canadapost website.    currently im at international item has left originating country and is en route to canada.
i got mine!!!!!!!!!!! so for eu 2nd batch october backer. i had the tracking detail "dispached overseas" since the 4th of december and nothing change in the tricking until this morning when the postman deliver it to me. here in belgium the tax amount were 24.61€ hope you have yours fastly folks ;)
navigating how to upload projects to the 3doodler website is going to take me some time (anyone done it on a mac yet? i can't drop in images or alter text on the template.) but i posted pictures of deer and snowman ornaments i designed on my blog, both the final product and my original drawing so anyone is welcome to print them out and 3doodle if you would like :) http://carriemichael.blogspot.com/2013/12/happy-holidays-2013.html
november backer europe- still nothing, it has been stuck in singapore since two weeks, there goes my christmas present, guys please read the comments below, i am not alone it seems... we would all appreciate some response from you... if possible
november backer. arrived in good condition in australia. thanks to the ww team - appreciate your efforts . at some stage tell us how to use the 'port' pins - i assume they are forward feed, backward feed, common. packaging was very good. have had some comments from the team who were initially confused what the equipment was for... i explained it was for 'fun'.... 3d printing fun that is. will play over the festive time with the new toy. thanks again.
november backer still nothing! when you promise something keep it to your word!
hey guys, it seems that the carrier is the slowest ever... it's been 10 days since my 3doodler is in hong kong... still a long way to go to switzerland. any way to speed up the process?
@alexandre i received my address survey on the 27th of november.  since then i've heard nothing.  i would have expected in the ensuing 3 weeks that the 3doodler might have shipped. the last update on shipping was 2 weeks ago, referring to the finalisation of november pens shipping. i'm sure i'm not the only one who would like to know what's happened since then.  ww, any updates on shipping for december backers ?
still no address survey for december backers?
a commenter down earlier said they got theirs - november backer - in the east coast. i have not even gotten my tracking number i can care less about the tracking number...would like to be assured it was shipped though
have any november backers received their pens yet in the us? the 2nd dec update said we should be getting tracking numbers by the 10th dec.  i've still heard nothing, and received nothing. i really want to play with this over xmas :d
mine says "dispatched overseas" since december 4th. no doodler. -october 2nd batch backer
canadian october 2013 backer, and no pen yet. the pen has been attached to a bluefin tuna, which i can keep once it arrives! expected arrival time: august 2014.
i just got my 3doodler pen here in sweden, had to pay 30 usd in customs/vat. was on the 2nd october batch.
@rubi xu: it's an estimated delivery month. usa, australia and new zealand and asia are probably getting theirs on time. the rest of the world depends on where you live, what custome regulations your country has, the shipping partner and further more now there is the christmas shipping time which could delay some shipments. but i can assure you that it is not a scam. i got my doodler in early november (1st october batch - send on 19th of october) and having fun doodling all kind of stuff. if you are a december backer you will receive a e-mail to update your shipping address. if you have not got it yet, check the spam folder. if you have no e-mail at the end of december (now it is just the mid) contact the support at cs@the3doodler.com there had been some delays of the november backers but they should have been shipped out already so next are december backers. the e-mail to update your shipping info was also sent from cs@the3doodler.com - so add this mail to your contacts and it won't end up in the spam folder.
when should i be receiving it ,dec almost end, it is not a scam ,is it?
still no shipment notification and tracking info for this november backer... sadly, i have to give up hope that i'll be able to use it on my off days next week.
now 19 days in singapore or between singapore and canada, not counting its journey in hk. you got such a nice shipping partner wobbleworks!
should i be worried that my package is "lodged into transshipment hub local postal agent" i mean, what is it lodged into, will they get it out safely? :p
really enjoying the 3doodler at our house, kids fight over it and are going through filament rapidly. we are running abs with an occasional push on the strand to keep it flowing. only real problem is having only one...
mine is "dispached overseas" since the 4th of december. i'm so sad not to have it before christmas. i wanted to make some christmas ball for my fir :-( (october backer - 2nd batch)
ah.
he meant they (meaning ww) spent two million on producing this product. he obviously has something wrong with his, which he's in the minority. his advice to not back it is a little late as well, not that it really matters at this point.
2k dollars? wow. i think the product is great, but even if it were not...how can you blame anyone but yourself for spending that much on a product that you have only seen a video on?
@yang - please drop is a line at cs@the3doodler.com. there are some obvious fixes we can help you implement.
i could not say that this 3doodler is mature production. the pen become so hot that i can barely handle it when it work for five minutes. besides, it can not fluently produce plastic- some time really quick while some times very slow. they used 3d printing tech in manufacturing this 3doodler but wait: the 3d printed element is connected to the copper muzzle!!! i can see melt black plastic come out around the muzzle. honestly i am so disappointed that they spent 2000,000 dollars in such a poor production. your work does not deserve this idea. in short, dont back it.
we got ours 2 days ago and we haven't had any success of getting it to work... the plastic keep jamming the nozzle and the red light kept turning on whenever we try to use it for more than 10 sec. it has not worked as we thought it would. anyone facing the same problem and any suggestions??
@jonathan très drôle :-)
my october pen is still between singapore and canada. was a bit frustrated at first, but given the time it's taking to cross the ocean, i'm now operating under the assumption that the shipper is swimming across the ocean with the pen and that's just impressive :)
i had a chance to test out my 3doodler yesterday. it's very cool!  it took about 30 minutes to get the hang of using it. i tried several colors of the abs that came with it and they worked well, except for brown that seemed to have partially clogged the nozzle. i back it out and put it in a few times and everything was fine. drawing into the air is very fun.  i'm surprised at how easy it was to use.
harder to use than i thought! could use an improved feed motor, slow button gets stuck under the edge of it, but still really neat!
yes...you should message them kitty.
hi quick question if i was to change the shipping address to canada i would still be paying $10 extra correct?
second batch october, arrived today in portland, or! can't wait to fire this baby up tonight
@timothy cook well, almost end of friday now and still no tracking number here
@rafayana same thing here! contacted customer service yesterday. response was essentially "please hang in there, it should be with you soon!" very helpful!
@katja thanks for the information. my tracker says it is still between singapore and canada.
@jee - email or message wobbleworks
mine arrived in switzerland yesterday. looks fantastic, can't wait to try it out. (october backer)
can anyone point me in the right direction of changing my adress? we just got a survey about a week back, but i didnt have an adress at the new location yet. so my old address is still in there.
if anyone's interested - i'm from the 2nd october batch, the pick up request for the postal service was posted on nov 19th, item got picked up on the 27th in hong kong, took till dec 2nd to arrive in singapore, got shipped to austria on the 4th and arrived yesterday. no custom fees. tracking says it's still between singapore and austria btw. i love the doodler itself, had no feeding or output problems i couldn't solve (due to the comments from those who already have theirs longer) yet and drawing is easier than i expected. mad a small dog yesterday: http://bit.ly/1kfdict and the logo of my pole dance school as christmas tree decoration: http://bit.ly/1dvrlb2. i'll print out some stencils from the 3doodler website and try some more stuff :)
@arash- received mine in dana point today. october backer.
@arash - i had a 2nd group october one (i got two) i got that one early last week i believe. i am in sacramento. i am currently waiting on the november one so i can start doodling
@roger lamm there is more plastic in each pack.  it's confused a lot of people, and it's been pointed out quite a few times in the comments here. being able to search the comments on ks would be very useful. i wonder if there's any word on the december shipment leaving soon ?  i can't see me getting mine until after i return to work in the first week of jan 2014.
so according to jerry below, it takes ~13 days from time of receipt of tracking number until 3doodler arrival (i'm sure there's some differences).  that means i'm not going to get my 3doodler until after i go home for the holidays ):  anyone get theirs faster?  :/
i got mine today!!  washington state 2nd batch october.  can't wait to start using it
any 2nd batch october backers in california get their doodlers yet?
anyone try a resistor in the remote connector to see if it slows down the slow setting? i would like to have the option of a half speed slow setting for intricate detailing
why jon?
disregard, i know why now!
late october backer. just received my doodler! but, i upgraded to the 99 dollar pack with 10 packs of plastic and only received 5. are we expected to receive more at a later time?
october backer here, i received mine last night.  was the bonus pack supposed to be included in the box?  because i only received 4 packs of 25 (10 strands, 10 colors).
@qiongwen kong, i think you are right. if wobbleworks made a mistake, they should send your pen via an expedited method, without charging you extra.  that is *very* poor customer service on their part.
my 3doodler just arrived! unfortunately, i'm flying today so i won't be able to mess with it until much later tonight..
great. the status now says "missent" guess i'll email customer service
october backer from tx, here - just got notification that my 3doodler is out for delivery today. looking forward to giving it a try!
i’m an oct 2nd backer in the united states. it’s saying that all pens for oct 2nd batch backers were sent out 3 weeks ago. however, i neither received tracking number nor the pen. after i sent several emails to the customer service, i was told by wobblework today that my information was actually missed, unfortunately. when i ask for expedite shipment so that i don’t have to wait another one month, the irony is that they were asking me to pay extra fee for a mistake they’ve made. of course i’m not going to pay the extra, so it looks like i will not receive my pen until next year. shame on you wobblework!
likewise, pxlr.  but there's still most of today and all of tomorrow left.
i must have been at the tail end of the november orders. still no tracking number.
my hopes are that the package will arrive soon because there is a lot of people saying that the last update on the tracking was on the 4th (mine also) and they got it today or yesterday...
... his/hers package?
@marie not yet... i assume that the shipping between singapore-canada is being made via donkey
somebody from canada got its package?
so. much. fun.  got home from work late last night, and what did i find on my porch?  my 3doodler!  took a couple of hours to get the hang of drawing with plastic, but i am now attempting the ferris wheel (template by peter schonefeld). haven't had any of the problems that other people are experiencing (except for some color overruns, which i expected).  maybe with more practice, i, too, can have problems.  :-) for those of you watching these things: i am an october backer (2nd batch), in the us (michigan).  i got the tracking email on 28 november; the shipment arrived at the usps processing center in kentucky on 4 december, and the shipping information caught up with it on 6 december.  usps took a couple of days to get the pen to the main michigan distribution center in detroit (10 december), got it to my local post office that same day, and it was sorted and delivered the next (11 december). okay, gotta get back to work at some point.  (i took the 3doodler to work with me to show off... and play....)
@sabine i had to take the nozzle out while it was still warm, removed the jam and all is great now, the faq on jams is a joke and needs to be rewritten. don't know how i would have used a "hex wrench" in this situation or what "give the pen a very gentle push" means, also it should be written somewhere that the nozzle is threaded so if somebody uses pliers as suggested in the faq they need to twist vs pull. if ww is reading comments, take a look and rewrite this faq to help out users, nothing worse than having a cool product you can't use because a simple fix process is poorly outlined in the faqs.
has anyone used pla or abs 3m that has not come from ww? how did it do?
my phone is excited too and ate some spaces.
hooray, i just picked my ddoodler up attheelocallpostt office! gonna try some christmas tree decorations later :)
mine is jammed ... in the mail!
@evan schwartz: i could reverse plastic which was less the half of one strand but it takes time and a little soft shake to the pen while holding it upside down. that works for me in 90% of reversing small strands of plastic. @andrew: have a look at their faq page they describe how to unjam the 3doodler http://www.the3doodler.com/faqs/my-3doodler-seems-to-be-blocked-or-jammed/ as some mention to feed a new strand and push it gentle into the pen while pressing the fast button works most of the time. if not remove the nozzle reheat it with a lighter and scratch out the plastic. did this and it works but take some time because you need to reheat the nozzle a lot due the plastic cools pretty fast. use a small wire or a toothpick to scratch the plastic out. i also soaked the nozzle in aceton to clean it because i got some burnt plastic on the outside of the nozzle - now it's clean again :)
anybody else out there with a jammed up pen?
just got my 3doodler in the mail! woo hoo! thanks, guys!!!
i got my october 3doodler the other day. it's a lot of fun to use, but eats through so much plastic. it works in a similar fashion as a hot glue gun, in that it will stop extruding when there's about half left unless you put in another piece of filament. there's no way to retrieve the filament from the device when it has become shorter then half of its length, as the reverse function just can't get it up the long barrel of the pen. other than its few minor flaws, it is a great and fun product. so far i've made glasses, my name, a toxic symbol, and a bicycle. i can tell that i will need more plastic soon, so now would be good time for those who have yet to receive their 3doodler to look into alternative suppliers, as buying the $9.99 packs of 25 strands will add up very fast considering how fast the 3doodler eats through the strands.
i got my october one in the us today.  now...that was unique packaging!
@joshua. that happened to me. took about 1 week for anything to be scanned. then arrived in 1 week. so in about 2 weeks or less you should get it!
i got my tracking number monday morning... but it's still showing as "not found" on the tracking site. what a tease! i think my first doodle will be a little mailbox to stand next to while waiting for projects to arrive, since my mailman is starting to give me looks when i meet him at the door...
@andrew_ i had the same thing. i got mine last night. i reversed mine out and then back then a bunch of it all came out all at once. it happened again later and i just shut it off for awhile - allowed it to cool then started again and added a new stick (as most of it was inside) and the plastic came squirting out.
@carrie, thanks for the note, watched and learned some un jamming techniques.
scroll down the page a bit and watch chris's video if you are still having trouble, he talks about jams :)
i had the same trouble.  pressing the fast button while firmly pushing on the new stick made the jam unclogg on mine.
emailed cs, but anybody know the process to troubleshoot a jam? about 10 minutes after initial use seems 1/4 stick of abs is jammed. adding in a new stick does not work as it also seems to hit the block and using reverse provide no help either.
@eric i'm guessing not likely considering i'm a november backer and haven't even received a tracking number still. but i guess it's possible....
i'm in the u.s. and my october 3doodler is finally almost here. usps tracking says it's "out for delivery" today! just to give you an idea, the usps has 5 tracking scans, since they got it from dhl on saturday. dhl had 2 scans total and none for the the first 3 weeks after wobble works said it was shipped.
is shipping between singapore and canada by boat? my october second batch has not even entered the country and it has been nearly one week since it left singapore. one of the worst shipping i have seen yet, and i saw many of them.
anyone in europe from the 2nd oct batch who already received his pen (except uk and ger, they had another shipping method obviously)? last tracking update has been on the 4th..
is there any chance december backers (usa) will receive their units by christmas?  not looking good, from what i can see.  and that is seriously unfortunate...
thanks, jared! apparently mine has been 40 minutes away since 3 days ago. i literally can't wait.. the grad apartments' mailrooms are not good enough to hold onto this for three weeks.
to those of you whose package seems stuck in hebron, ky. check this link out for tracking: http://webtrack.dhlglobalmail.com/ it worked for mine. mine has still been sitting for 3 days, but it has some more info. i am beginning to get worried that i won't get it by the 17th and it will be sitting in my dorm's mail room until january 20th. if i had known it would take this long i would have sent it to my home address. i still believe in ww's good intentions, but this sucks as november backers get their 3doodler ahead of me.
heres how i think the whole shipping process works. ww hired a company to complete the shipping for them trhough usps. the pens were shipped from overseas to this location in ky where the pens were then packaged and sent individually. this place has had a hold of our tracking numbers for sometime however until it "departed shipping partner facility" was it tracked and put in to usps system. from there the pens probably went straight to the destination and were not scanned again until received at your local post office. so when ww said they "shipped the pens" the ment the pens left the overseas plant and were sent to america. any how i got my pen today and love it. having a ball. free hand is difficult, start off with stencils. you'll be impressed by how good some things look. i made a christmas ornament and the glasses from 3doodler website and they came out really cool.
2nd batch october backer, mail came today, no 3doodler. killin me, usps!!! >:(
i think it's sad how inconsistent usps is. my usps tracking information is always great when the product originates from california (ie. amazon prime w/ usps always gives me more details than i'd expect) whereas the usps tracking information seems to have just died after landing in kentucky. :/
some have received theirs...some before receiving their tracking number. i believe they have all been sent out, but i could be wrong
my package randomly showed up today. i don't know what carrier dropped it off as it arrived way early in the morning for it to be usps.
how we doing on november backers - still haven't received anything
thanks for the video, chris. good stuff there...scared me a bit with your loud bursts randomly...but overall very informational. for those based in the us...i found a really good abs/pla filament distributer. he sells from his ebay store and prices are great + free shipping + guaranteed great quality. fast shipping too http://www.ebay.com/itm/171166512612 he also sells 1/3 kg amounts of different colors if you do not want to buy a whole kg = 2.2 pounds. it is, however, much cheaper to get the full kg
your video is fantastic chris, i wish i had watched it before doodling!  i had all of those same problems and struggled with them.  completely agree about the burn guard, once i gave up and pulled it off i had a much easier time.
october 2nd batch arrived in kalamazoo mi usa today!  i had some trouble with jamming, but got it to work after wasting some plastic.  and i had trouble getting the plastic to reverse out, but that is because i had used too much of the stick so i kept drawing.  overall i am really happy with it so far, and i look forward to practicing more tomorrow :)
i'm an october backer and have a good play so far. i've recorded a review of my experience so far. http://youtu.be/mfvm8flsi8q
us october backer, 2nd wave shipper, received today in nj (monday), no usps tracking updates. the pen is lighter and slimmer than i expected, which is good bc my hand is getting tired holding down buttons:)  suggestion for v2: button lock switch.  the rubber slow button seems to get jammed easily under the lip of the case, but may require grip change? warms up super fast, but takes a few moments to start spewing abs plastic when the light goes on.  definitely will require practice, but was drawing in mid- air on the first stick.  struggling to attach new plastic to old cooled plastic. i am just blowing thru sticks.  i cant believe how fast it goes, and i am not even trying to fill in voids.  i just looked and am shocked that official refills are so expensive.  easily double what i would pay. the fan noise is there, but its reasonable and only running when you are pushing.  like dremel loudness.  abs definitely stinks however.  folks in the cube farm at work want to try it, but i think those 2 elements are going to nix that. overall a happy backer.
mine turned up saturday (november backer) beet the tracking number so was a pleasant surprise, been doodling christmas tree decorations so far, and loving it,  takes a bit of getting used to but the family has been playing and learning with it thank you wobbleworks :)
gotcha. thank you, amanda.
@brian - they've explained it before, but it was a while ago - they originally said "ten bags of ten strands," but realized that they had better ways to package it, so have changed it to 25 strand bags.  so you get 4x25 instead of 10x10, and then they give you an extra bag of 25 strands.  not shorted at all unless you really wanted more plastic baggies in addition to plastic :)
and if we're nitpicking here, one of those packs is the "free" bonus packs everyone gets. so technically, i was shorted six bags
received mine today and it only contains five of the ten packets of abs i pledged for in the box. are the other five coming in another shipment?
my tracking number just went active =/ 12 days after it was issued. damn this need for instant gratification!
so does that mean that you are sending out the tracking numbers, but all of the packages have been sent already? nothing i can do, but to be patient...just curious as to what you mean
@ alexandre z - since you are dec.... yes, i would suggest get a backup or just print a photo/show video of 3doodler. once they ship from overseas, it still takes 14+ days to arrive in the us + a few days to get to you. i am in the 2nd oct batch and have not gotten mine yet.
4,399 of the 7,000 november backers now have their tracking numbers. the rest will follow towards the end of this week. they take some time to process and feed through to us, hence the delay.
i was a november backer in the uk, and mine arrived today. can't wait to try it out!
wait, just read nial's comment and found where i need to go to check -  i received my survey back in april and confirmed in may. in that case to the peeps at wobble works please take on board my feedback that the backer updates even as recent as update 27 in october that said "don't email us" were very misleading. luckily me address is correct! looking forward to receiving my tracking number and my pen :)
hello, i am a november backer from australia, i never received survey to confirm my postal address - how do i find out which address you are sending it to you? thanks!
what are the odds december deliveries will happen soon in the us? (aka, do i need to go get a backup christmas gift for my wife?)
guys, got my doodler 2 days back. it is absolute fun to play with and consumed whole of my weekend. i had already burnt all my plastic with nothing to show off.. 2d drawing is fun, but 3d requires a lot of patience and sometimes very frustrating.. i should keep on practicing i guess.. fun nevertheless.. :d
@ruben, specifying a quarter is not possible on  the ks platform. all projects have to pick an estimated month.
@benjamin - please message us at cs@the3doodler.com and we'll troubleshoot.
i received my 3doodler two days ago but after about 15 minutes of use it just stopped extruding plastic. the light works and the fan spins but the plastic rod doesn't move in or out :/
@kat as i've said in my original, i already pre-pad 60-90 days with whatever date kickstarters provide, so that's not an issue for me. however, when i consider things from a perspective of not buyer-seller, but more along the lines of investor-startup, is when i question this type of thing. collectively, we are not buyers/customer. we are their vc that instead of equity, we get copies of the end-product if it ever materializes and i'm totally fine with that relationship. what i question is actually why even give a fuzzy date, like, "october" if you aren't sure or have experience with the idiosyncrasies of mass production, mass distribution, supply chain and all that jazz. at that point in time something like "q4 2013/q1 2014" would be more appropriate which give you an ample window and margin for error. but i get the feeling that many products-to-be projects assume that if they give specific dates, they will get more backers, even if they themselves internally do not have such certainty -- that hasn't been the issue so much for this project as with others (pebble, for instance).
don't get your hopes up.   mine has been an hour away from my house since 12-4.
my tracking # now shows my 3doodler is just 1 hour away from me leaving a sort facility today!  october 2nd batch, michigan usa.  i should be doodling tomorrow night, and i have tuesday off work to doodle all day :)
i think its impossible for projects like this to be "exact" during the campaign phase and i truely believe that wobbleworks are doing an incredible job getting doodlers out the door to their backers. bare in mind that the eta's given in the right hand collum are exactly that, estimated time of arrival and also please bare in mind that these estimates were made before the project was lauched and the earlier of them (october and november) were made before this project went intersteller and once a reward level is created and eta published it cant be edited by the creator. this project finished something like 8000% ahead of the estimated goal and even though wobbleworks have stated early on that they expected to exceed the goal and the project to be "fairly popular" they had no idea that it would exceed $1million let alone $2.3million and 25,000 doodlers pledged for plus 1000's and 1000's more in pre-orders! imo, based on just how much this project blew its goal away by, the fact that it is an entirly new concept and product never ever produced before and that the coverage and anticipation from the project has put huge pressure on the very small company that developed it... i think its pretty damn incredibile that so many people have received their doodlers either on time or within 6 weeks of the given dates (emailed shipping date + about 2 weeks for shipping)!!! ok, obviously there are a very small % (much less then 1% of october/november backers) that have had delays, dispatch problems and missing confirmation emails and such (check spam folders and ensure that under your pledge level on the right hand bar, it says survey sent xx,xx,2013 and then "your response" as if you didn't fill in the survey or the address/telephone confirmation email/survey sent 2-4 weeks before confirmation shipping emails, then they will not have had a confirmed address to ship your reward to). but ww are working their backsides off getting problems sorted and pens out as quickly as possible. also bare in mind it is now deep in holiday season and all postal networks are working at around 800% their maximum capacity as people order their xmas gifts from all over the world (mainly asia and the us) which increases outbound mail from certain areas by 1000's of percent and has knock on effects to nearly all carriers. just stay calm, your doodler will arrive, wobbleworks are doing everything their end right, which is pretty amazing! and even though some carriers are proving problematic (this latest batch seems to be the usps hybrid system to us backers), they will get there in the end... its just an insanely busy time for the mail networks (obviously)!
@david t - go on youtube.com and search 3doodler box unveiling to see whatall it looks like inside. there are 1 or 2...
@ dávid turczi: yes the plastic is safely packaged inside along with the 3doodler.
i haven't opened mine yet (it'll be a surprise present to my gf), but i don't see the plastic ink. is it inside the box?
just received my pen here in london, without a tracking number, and didn't have to pay customs!
the thing is still between singapore and canada. already 16 days of shipping. i've seen a lot of cheap (even free) international shipping from china being better than that!
just recieved my november pen :) (never recieved a tracking number but ahwell, it's here!)
hi!! i am an octuber backer and i haven't received my confirmation mail  :(
@kat - i agree. with kickstarter projects, i treat the delivery time as a guide, not a deadline. take a relaxed attitude with any project about delivery and you'll enjoy it more when it arrives - let's face it, i pledged in february/march - what's another week or two, and there have been plenty of updates.
@ ruben, this is the first kickstarter project created by wobbleworks; that means when they were setting up their timeline they lacked the experience to be extremely precise. in my opinion they're doing a reasonable job of meeting their projected schedule. this is why all rewards have an "estimated delivery" rather than a definite one. if it's really critical to have the projects you back completed and delivered "on time", you may have better luck limiting yourself to projects created by teams who have already completed several successful projects. of course, that would mean you'd miss out on some wonderful opportunities.
@ jerry, i just had a similar experience with a different kickstarter. the product shipped from an overseas origin point to the us, then after clearing customs it sat in a usps holding facility for two days before the shipping info was updated. i suspect this is a function of mass mailings - the crate or pallet containing the item was checked in, but until it was unpacked and the individual item was scanned it was "waiting for shipping information". just a guess, though. i'm in the december batch, so my 3-doodler will be a while yet. have fun with yours! :-)
2nd batch october usa backer here.  received the tracking email on 11/28, showing as "not found" on the usps website.  it just showed up in their tracking system today, with an entry dated 12/4 that it arrived in their shipping partner facility in ky (scanned 12/4/2013 at 6:16 pm), and an entry dated today  (12/6) that they received the shipping info. seems a little backwards to get the shipping info two days after the package.  but, judging from other items i've had shipped from overseas, the trip from kentucky to me (in detroit) should take about two days.  i will be a-doodling next week!  :-)
same here - uk also. awesome - i'm just playing now creating useless bits of plastic doodle, but it's such fun.
i am a november backer based in the uk and i just got mine today (carrier was yodel). it was despatched from hong kong last friday (28th nov). didn't get my tracking number so i was very surprised for it to arrive today (but tickled pink at same time). didn't have to pay any duty (phew). shame that october backers are still waiting for theirs :o(
october backer, received my tracking number on nov 28th and it just started working today. mine also shows that it is currently leaving kentucky. hope to see it arrive mid next week!
(un) fortunately, i've become accustomed to be disappointed with kickstarter projects "due dates". i usually pad their estimate date by 60-90 days. this doesn't make it right, though, i think projects need to be more realistic with their deadlines. it does no good to get the funding to get your business funded if your deadline slip is so long that people become frustrated.
mine also is showing usps tracking now. it arrived and departed kentucky as well. i'd imagine now that it will arrive to me in pennsylvania early next week. my guess is that the delay was in dhl getting the packages to the usps. my experience with dhl has always been absolutely horrible. now that the packages are in the usps system, the tracking will probably be updated pretty frequently, as the usps tracking has improved substantially in recent months.
october backer. my tracking number just started working. looks like mine also spent an evening in kentucky.
october backer here. no tracking number yet, no shipping email yet. no updates yet?
my code just started working too for my 2nd batch for october pen!  up here in washington state so i except it late next week.  will give a shout when i get it.
yes.. mine arrived in kentucky yesterday and supposedly departed today. i wonder if usps will deliver it before i leave for a couple of weeks.
my tracking just started working now too... arrived in kentucky yesterday (but yesterday the tracking didn't work, weird...) perhaps i will be lucky and have delivery in michigan tomorrow or saturday!  2nd batch october, so excited!  i hope to doodle christmas cards which will double as ornaments :)
@benjamin that's awesome! i'm in nc as well and in the november group, so maybe i'll have mine soon :)
hey doodler guys! please let us all know if we can expect our october deliveries by xmas! maybe a post or email to clue us in? waiting isn't so bad, it's the unknown that's worse...
same boat as you darby! they must have been sent bulk to a sorting facility in ky, and that would explain why the individual codes weren't scanned. i'm in portland, or, i'll shout if mine shows up ;)
*i must have been at 'end' the of the 2nd batch (1 more post) so from mark p's routing it takes about 6-7 days from ky to arrive. so next wed. or thursday i am expecting arrival.
just checked my tracking code. guess what people? i actually have something now. i must have been at the of the 2nd batch. remember they were still sending out the 2nd batch out in batches. mine arrived in hebron, ky yesterday (12/4) at 6:17 pm.
@ben well hopefully since you are in nc my peeps in fl will get it soon. 2nd oct batch. nothing in today's mail.
@benjamin that is awesome dude! share some links of stuff you create
@ joseph serrano and hfb, i live in nc usa
was very pleased to receive my 3doodler this morning, but after spending nearly 90% of my time trying to get it to actually extrude i'm not that impressed. followed the faq's and other customers' posts about unjamming the nozzle/tube and everything is clear. when removing the stick of abs it's evident that the wheel that feeds the tube is grinding on one area and digging a 'trench' in to the side of the stick, meaning it isn't pushing the stick of plastic. not sure why this is happening as it's at temperature and as i said, i've cleaned it out several times. something i'm missing? after 9 hours i've managed to make a couple of small 2d shapes.
@stuart - it depends very much on what shipping company or country's post office the package has come from and the service used. there are so many different services and rates world wide that some get tracked better than others.
@iain - push into the surface when starting an extrusion then move up or away as the plastic emerges from the nozzle.  if you dont have that starting piece pushed into something so it grips then it will just curl back.  its why its worthwhile setting yourself up a nice little work area with a piece of picture frame or mirror glass covered with 50mm wide kapton tape or 3m scotch blue tape so you have a solid base with a thin but soft surface you can push into to get some grip.
i'm an october back and my usps tracking number still reports nothing. it's strange, because i've ordered a bunch of stuff lately that was shipped via usps and tracking has been great on all of those items. for example, my most recent order (arrived yesterday), had 11 entries on it's tracking over three days since i ordered it.
october backer, got the shipping email with tracking number a week ago. ups still says the tracking number is not found.  :(
october backer, got the shipping email with tracking number a week ago. ups still says the tracking number is not found.  :(
october batch 2 3doodler arrived in france. abs plastic seems to curl back on itself and snuggles onto the hot end which makes starting a doodle very hard. hopefully technique will ameliorate this.
ask and you shall receive! my doodle came in this yesterday. tried it out and it works!
i agree.. i may want to tackle the usps guy at some point.
october backer, yet still don't have the 3doodler and the tracking number is not showing anything at all. this is really disappointing......
@tet - some abs colours are proving to be problematic and jamming. feed your stick of abs in on fast mode and when it jams just give the stick a little push while the tip is in the air and it should push the blocked piece through the extruder and into the hotend and out the nozzle, extrude for a few seconds then you should be good to go. **when you push the stick, push it from a few cm up from the feed hole with your thumb and forefinger. dont over force it, be gentle but firm. it might take a second or two for it to un-jam. if you continue to have issues then contact wobbleworks customer service at cs@the3doodler.com hope this helps.
sorry my wording was a little off. the slow and fast buttons pushed together put the 3doodler in to reverse mode (flashing led), that's what i meant i used.
i'm with you spencer! now that it's christmas season packages keep coming in. i get excited every time hoping one says "wobble works". it have to keep reminding myself to be patient.
oh yeah i know that, i was an october backer! hopefully tomorrow. or at least this week, i want to doodle up some ornaments as presents :)
it is typical that australia gets theirs first since it is one boat trip away from china. i cannot wait to start designing.
no 3doodler today :( jealous of november backers getting theirs before me! gee, thanks usps!
reverse button? there is only a slow and fast button i thought...
forgot to ask, i presume it's normal for a dark purple goo to come out of the base of the tip (i.e. not the nozzle) after use?
hmm however my first experience is not so good. i'm using abs (yellow). at first i had problems because of not realising i should use paper or something it would stick to. i worked out from looking online i should use something it would stick to and made a cube, yeah. so i was going to start something else but it stopped extruding. thinking it had run out, i tried feeding another stick. i got it to bite but it didn't feed when i pushed the fast extrude button. after a few attempts, i gave up and pushed the reverse button, took out the new stick and tried reversing but nothing came out. so i looked online and found the faq. took off the nozzle and cleaned it out. put it back tried a new stick again, still doesn't feed. i can see bite marks on the end of stick so i guess i'm loading it properly. i've tried reversing and extruding a few times, no dice. even tried pushing the stick very gently. no obvious visible clog inside the pen, nothing has came out in to the nozzle since i cleaned it out. will leave it for a while and try it again later but looks like i'm going to have to email ww. p.s. yes i always wait for it to be blue before doing anything. and it makes noise when reverse suggesting the motor for feeding is still working at least.
thanks yet
also read on facebook someone in australia in the november group got theirs on 2nd december. joseph serrano: i believe they shipped out some last week and should finish the rest this week of the november group.
@benjamin paul eubank - what country are you in? i thought they were shipping out november packages this week... surprising that you already got yours
p.s. i should add having it sent completely by dhl express worldwide also helps a great deal :-) still at any other time of the year (maybe not during november/december), most normal hk post items will arrive within 1-2 weeks, ems often in under a week. i suspect one of the reasons they used dhl for us is the small number and close location meant the price compared to these other methods wasn't that different any way, so the isolation/small size is also a factor here.
october backers: sorry for this post. dario goddin: i'm a november backer. i thought they never received my address because i updated it late (this what i was told by ww) which meant mine was delayed to december batch. i didn't mind, better than delayed to the end or it will be sent out without a valid address and will have to pay shipping again or it might even be lost. seems this was wrong as i just received mine here in nz, sent on december 2nd. yeah! again sorry to october backers still waiting. quick shipping from hk/china is one of the few advantages of living in small and geographically isolated but in relative terms, close to hk/china; new zealand. (living in auckland the largest city and main traffic point also helps but realisticly living somewhere else will only delay delivery by 2 or 3 days at most).
happy that i don't have to deal with swiss post! :-)
@nial my package is now on its way to canada (west coast). hk (more than singapore) was a little wormhole! now has to go from singapore to canada, through customs and finally from west coast to quebec (east coast). still a long way to go!
yes black abs is is different than the other colors. i always use some toothpick or a wire to scratch out the black abs from the nozzle. reheat it with a lighter and start over until it's clean. i was also able to reduce the jams by making pauses while doodling and especially when i switch colors from black to another. sometimes it also happens with another color but this is really rare.
comments on black plastic / @markp - yes others have commented that black does not do too well.  from sabine gross on nov 14 ....  i can confirm that the black abs plastic is a pain in the ass with the 3doodler according to my experience with it (jams every time). but on the weekend i will buy some aceton as mentioned on the faq page so it will be cleaned overnight.
@mark p - yay on arriving. i got the tracking number but nothing has been tracked - typical. mine is being shipped to florida.
yeah, the number already worked with singpost, but there was nothing more than "information received" till nov 19 - but my tracking app just rang and the status updated to "despatched to overseas (country code: at). so let's hope it doesn't have to go through switzerland!
oo, tom got in there first. thats good if it is singpost as they are a pretty fast carrier and i have had alot of medium size packages sent through them from all over asia that have arrived within 5-14 days from date of sending.  bare in mind it is now the holiday season, but that can sometimes be a good thing as companies take on extra staff to deal with the extra bulk of mail and parcels/packets but some tracking systems can have a hard time updating and keeping up.
no, mine started with rs and ended with ch  rq may well still be one of their numbers but your package may not of been logged yet (which doesn't mean it isn't on its way!) have you tried http://www.trackmytrakpak.com/ or http://www.17track.net/index_en.shtml they are both good sites that will auto detect the carrier and destination/origin countries.
@ katja the rq is for singpost. you can track it on singpost.com (down at the moment) or the link in the email: http://www.quantiumaspac.com/qtracker/track.aspx mine is finally on it's way to belgium :-)
nial, did your tracking number (mine starts with rq) work with swiss post? i get no data there.
@marie and others with "singapore" listed on your tracking. if you are an eu backer and your doodler is coming via swiss post then the singapore entry is likely the package reaching the sorting center in switzerland... stupid i know, i had the same entry on mine during transit and after speaking to swiss post they confirmed that (for some very odd reason i imagine) because their main asia international shipping operation has its main office in singapore, this shows up on the tracking data rather then switzerland. the next entry (if it goes the same way as mine did) will be it entering your country's customs clearing center then after that it will likely be delivered before the tracking data updates. mine was still showing as being in uk customs for about 12 days after it arrived here with me... basically their "world class tracking system" is crap! if i were you i would ignore all swiss post data and in a few days start calling your country's internal mail provider with your tracking number and they will be able to give you better details as soon as it arrives in your country (which it may already be!). they wont have any info till it arrives, but once it does then you can just call them every 2 days and get an update including any customs issues (early, before any letter has to be sent out if required - but unlikely), and then when it leaves customs it should take however long a regluar package takes in your country from one location to another.  rule of thumb, ignore all swiss post tracking data!!! @dominic - faberdashery are the place to buy pla from. i have been using them for 2 years for 3d printing and have had 2 orders from them in 16 colours of 3mm for my doodler. it works flawlessly with the doodler and the colours are great. make sure you cut the loops down into 10-12 inch sticks and starighten them just before loading one into the doodler. the only colour to avoid imo is galaxy blue as it has tiny pieces of alumilium in it to give it a cool look on 3d printed models. i use it on my printer but i havent and wouldn't put it through my doodler as some of the flecks can be a little larger then the rest and you dont want one getting stuck somewhere.  all other colours inc metallics are great! their 100m rainbow fun pack is a good option for 100m in 10 colours! @pclabtech - i have been using the glass from a £1 photo frame i got from a charity shop and covered it evenly in strips of 50mm kapton tape (example - http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/like/200928924335… ). it works a treat! alot of people use it on 3d printer beds as its perfect for pla and pretty good for abs. you could also try glass with some abs filament dissolved in acetone (abs glue), brush it onto the glass quickly and the acetone evaporates in a few seconds leaving a nice layer of abs to doodle onto! its great for abs or pla (i use this method on my glass printer bed for abs and pla prints as its cheaper then kapton tape. make sure you use pure acetone and not cheap nail polish remover or similar as that often contains an oil like substance and also various other chemicals that prevent it from creating a good surface. (instructions - http://www.protoparadigm.com/blog/2011/12/abs-glue-weld-cast-texture-and-more/)  if your just using pla then you can use 3m scotch blue painters/masking tape as it has a perfect surface for pla that will stick and peal easily.  (example - http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/like/330732929363… ) flat picture frame or mirror glass is the key then just add the surface of choice,,, hope this helps.
lester and benjamin, where are you guys located?
just got my 3doodler. i am a november group.  no tracking number.  its on the way people!!!!!!!
thanks i got them! here are some unboxing pictures! http://lesterchan.net/blog/2013/12/04/3doodler/
october 2nd batch backer.  3doodler arrive last night.  no scan data as of last night but now scan data appears today.  weird but now who cares.  played with it a bit and its clear i'm gonna need more plastic.  "melted" my way thru multiple sticks fast.  so fun.  question for the users:  anyone else experience this.  i used black abs first, then switched over to red abs.  entire red stick seemed to be mixed with black - more so at first which is to be expected - but really lasted the whole red stick.
i have not recieved my 3doodler and was wondering when it would arrive.
october backer - 2nd batch received mine yesterday, but did not get tracking info - no big deal
@candice - they just posted an update yesterday on november shipments
hi, november backer here with no product or ship information :( please provide an update soon. thanks.
@nial pearce - thank you :-) i had a bit of practice and playing around before i started on that. the main structure was built by drawing a circle on a bit of paper and then laying down a ring of abs on it, making sure the abs was stuck to the paper. i attached the verticals to the ring and then doodled straight up. from the practice i'd found the best way to do that was to have it on "fast" and lift up slightly faster than it was extruding, that kept it tight and straight. but not too fast otherwise it became too thin. the crucial bit i found was you had to stop at the top for 10-15 seconds to let everything cool down and solidify, then you could detach the abs. once i'd got enough verticals i just bunched them together and tied a knot in them at the height i wanted the top of the tree. that gave me the conical shape. that probably counts as cheating as i didn't directly doodle the conical shape :-). the next stage was to pull it gently off the paper and then got round it with horizontal "branches" by holding the 3doodler" still and rotating the tree. that meant i easily control how taut or slack the lines were. finally i set it upright and drew the decorations freehand - which you can probably tell :-) i have noticed that the speed of the extrusion is a bit variable which makes precision doodling difficult at times,  tbh i just put this down to the fact that it's a hand held unit so your not going to get the same precision out of it as a 3d printer. i have it down as a fun toy rather than a serious tool :-)
i'm in the october group too and i've not received a notice yet either...
don't want to post this out of place as there's people in the october group who've yet to receive their 3doodler but, has anyone in the november group received their pen yet? thanks all.
i am part of the october group, and nothing yet. can i get an update on when i will be receiving tracking info or the product?
i got mine today (october >2000 batch) and are learning the hard way that you don't draw on porous wood, otherwise you can't peel it off... looking at getting a smooth wood surface, glass, or metal to draw on so the design comes off...  otherwise it's working as advertised!
to all those second october backers in the u.s.: usps tracking is not like ups tracking. usps does not require its employees to scan every single package every time it moves like ups does. this is why the tracking numbers do not work. if you got a tracking number dated to the 28th or later, that means the package did not actually start moving until today, monday, because of the thanksgiving holiday. i (and you) should expect it to come sometime in the next 2-4 days depending on how efficient my (your) local usps distribution center is. give it some time. stay patient.
i'm a november backer and haven't received any tracking info yet (sadly), but i've had a lot of things come usps in the past, and in my experience, half the time the tracking number doesn't even register in their system until i receive the package. even if it does register, it will probably only show that it shipped, and won't have true "tracking" like fedex or ups, but will instead update after you've gotten it. it's basically just a way to see that it's arrived at your house, not to actually see where it's at. i was really hoping i'd have it in hand by now.
received mine yesterday and it worked great so far. only issue was the "forward" button seemed to get a little unresponsive after a couple of minutes of use.
any second batch october us orders received yet? hearing november backers already having theirs has me a bit worried seeing as the tracking number shows as not found.
so i got my tracking number on nov 28th (october backer here), but it still only shows up as number not found on usps.com. i made a point of waiting til monday in case the holiday screwed anything up, but it's not reassuring that the tracking number still doesn't exist.
@nial pearce, i'm having the same problem with stop starts flow and the same marks on the rod when you pull it out when i does eventually flow again it really squirts out, maybe the heating chamber doesn't keep up with the speed? though the problem is there on slow or fast
hi everyone. did someone switch plastic? i talked to a guy who sell filament for 3d printers nearby and they also make professional 3d printers. he sad that he wouldn't recommend switching plastic because it need to be absolute clean otherwise the two plastics would react. he sad even when i soaked the nozzle in acetone he would not recommend switching plastic because burnt plastic may not be removed with acetone. anyone tried this? in the manual it also says that before switching plastic the pen should be clean but not how to achieve it...
same here. reeally boring.. guess it wouldn't be that bad if there weren't 8 days between pick up request (when it has been said that all items are shipped) and the actual pickup. the people of my neigbour country germany already got them days ago, i wonder what magic delivery service they had :/
@tom paridaens same message here! it will get out of singapore someday, i suppose.
after 10 days in hk, now in singapore! is the thing getting out of asia sometime?
october backer here with nothing.
got the following tracker message: item lodged into destination hub local postal agent02/dec/2013 15:29:27singapore strange as i live in belgium so my local postal agent should not be in singapore :-). anybody else got a similar message?
i received mine just today! that's much faster than i expected for a nov backer, can't wait to give it a try tomorrow!
congratulation to the team. i receive mine in begining of november and i got some time to experiment with the pen. great product, work as expected. i start using it to "solder" 3d printed part. it fill up seam and imprefection very easily. with some filing, it give great result. for reference i did not receive the shipment confirmation, only got home one day and i received the package. it was a nice suprise.
hi, received the 3doodler today  (monday) in melbourne, australia. very well packed, haven't tried it yet but looking forward to 3doodling.
@nial pearce - thanks for answering me!  i've bookmarked that and will patiently await my tracking number / doodler....
has anyone else used non official plastic for doodling? thinking about using faberdashery for a truck load of pla - mainly from nial pearce's post from a few down - thanks nial.  @nial - i'm not liking abs at all either. hard to control, 'line' doesn't come out straight - sort of in waves but above all the smell! i'd need to use out in the garage if i was going to continue with abs.  i had a few sample strands of pla from the 3doodler stand at the 3d print show, london. much more pleasant to doodle with - and i can put up with its more 'jelly' like consistency until it hardens fully.  i just want a load of material to trial and play with without worrying about running out - to be able to 3doodle freely. so - back to original question - long lengths from other suppliers cut into manageable length then formed straight by hand - does this work or will it bugger-up internal mechanics? its so much cheaper from elsewhere!
@jamie whitehorn - wow thats pretty sweet! how did you get on with abs on that? it obviously uses alot of "air doodling" which is where mine is having the biggest issues with abs. with pla that kind of design is much harder to pull off as the plastic sags more. i really wish the doodler had a variable temp control on the two main settings so that you could tweak your hotend temp by 5-10% each way so that i could drop the temp on pla a little and see if an increase or decrease helps abs extrusion. i hope its something that wobbleworks add to their next model as it would improve performance drastically and widen the scope for using abs and pla from different suppliers that have slightly different ideal working temps. i dont know if others have encountered the same thing with abs sticks when getting jam after jam but i have noticed when i back a jammed stick out that it has a pattern in the groves made by the hobbed drive wheel, it has about 8mm of regular hob marks then a big c shape chunk missing then another 8mm of marks then the chunk etc... its even pretty similar on the few abs colours that do seem to extrude well, with the same hobbed drive markings but a smaller c shape chunk every 8mm. im guessing the drive is slipping and spinning into the plastic and pushing/jamming against the bearing on the other side for a short time due to the back pressure that has been discussed earlier or i have a load of abs stuck in some of the groves on the drive wheel at a certain spot so that it doesn't grip at that point. when its extruding onto a surface i think the plastic sticking to the surface is helping the molten plastic feed out by pulling it slightly as the pen moves along, where as in the air it doesn't have that extra bit of pull. has anyone else had any joy getting abs working properly who had problems initially?
to clarify, i never received any notification of shipment nor tracking num. i guess just be patient, they have been responsive n prompt in the shipment. i think this is already quite a miracle to fulfill so many orders unlike many top projects that just tanked....
hi, i'm from november batch and still no news from any shipment nor any tracking number. any clue as when you will ship mine out? regards
just to update, i'm from the nov batch and just received the doddler, shipped out from hongkong to singapore on 28 nov. the carrier is toll group express (never heard before...).  really must applaud the team for such efficient efforts, especially when it overshot the projected supporters by so much and yet ship on time, surpassing many of those infamous top ks projects... i will get to really play with it shortly.
@jamie whitehorn. holy crap, that's brilliant !  i'd like to hope i could attempt something like that, but mine would look like it's been in the oven for 20 minutes on high. it's definitely something to try  though. roll on the december shipments (you can skip november, it's been missed - just kidding).
have november shipped yet?  whats the deal?
and for usps... well, they are good about getting things shipped, but not so good about tracking.  if you've gotten a tracking number, it means they sent you something, but usps may never do anything with that number.  they're working at getting things delivered asap for the holidays, and that means they don't always scan everything they should.  i'm not too worried, but then, i grew up with a mailman in the house, so i trust usps to get stuff to me.
@rowe33 @jeyy bocci did you try this? "for those of you getting error messages on your tracking information: try this url http://www.trackmytrakpak.com/ - this applies if you have a "b-post" tracking number and your 3doodler is going to the uk, spain or germany. if you've got one you'll know it from the tracking number.  sorry about the mix up!"
finally got a tracking number this weekend for my "october" 3doodler and it doesn't even register on the usps site.  nice job, wobble works...
got my tracking email on the 28th, usps site says not found, and it doesn't match any of the usps tracking# patterns
getting a bit annoyed i have heard nothing about my november pen being shipped not even been sent a tracking number an update would be nice
my 3doodler arrived today. can anyone give me some tips for working with pla? i find it doesn't really set fast enough, preventing me from doing any real 3d doodling… :(
finally managed to find the time to play with my 3doodler (abs) - this is my first attempt :-d http://www.flickr.com/photos/muddy-dogs/11130394114/in/photostream/ http://www.flickr.com/photos/muddy-dogs/11130390144/in/photostream/ be warned - you can lose track of a couple of hours once you start playing :-)
got my color-tastic in the uk on wednesday! no customs! yay! best project yet. unfortunately i need to sell it to raise a bit of cash, i'll have to get another one when they retail.
end of next week and still nothing...
got mine today in germany. great delivery, no german customs at all. the package looks great and all was well protected. now i'll start doodle a little bit... ;-) great job!
@hfb  you are correct - when someone scans it.  no scan no data.  you must have a better postmaster along the way and at your final destination than i do.  out of 9 scanable packages shipped to me in the last year by usps, only one had been scanned more than once and showed a bizarre (and very costly to the usps) circuitous route to get to me. oh well, it will get here when it gets here.
october backer and still no tracking number, is it on its way? whats going on?
i am in canada and received the tracking code a few days ago, how many days are estimated to get here?
in my experience, usps tracking usually works well for me and i ship quite a few things out here and there. some of it is likely because i live next to a priority mail hub but it ultimately depends on who is handling the items. my mailman always scans packages he picks up and it is scanned at the hub here twice, when it gets there and then leaves, 99% of the time. for me, it works well but i know others don't have as good of an experience with it. it may seem like making nothing but for a seller, it's also cheap "insurance" to show an item was delivered in case a buyer tries to lie and say they didn't get an item that they indeed did receive. yes, it's not up to most people's expectations but it does serve a purpose for some of us. hopefully i see a tracking number sometime soon as i was an october backer myself.
... or the tracking is near useless!
still in hk according to tracking. so now 8 days there!
on a whim i stopped by the local us post office and asked the nice lady to look in her system with the tracking code i have in case they have more visibility than their site.   her super helpful answer: "it's in the mail."  noting my disappointment, she said in a whispered voice, "honey, tracking numbers with the usps don't mean squat, you should have shipped it ups or fedex.  we have no idea where the package is or when it will be delivered.  adding a tracking number on a usps package is just a way of making more money for nothing." well, i appreciate her honesty.  could come today or next week-ish.
@greg l -click and look at "updates"  (instead of clicking comments, it's to the left one or two words) maybe you already looked after posting your comment below. @amada a - i know you like to update people instead of explaining where to look. don't give greg the answer make him look! i'm tired of people not looking where the answers are. *end of rant*
got my tracking code.
so obviously the countries who were told to use another tracking website are the lucky ones where the new shipping methods are being tested..my pen is still on the way from hk to singapure i think :(
i'm from germany, 2nd october batch. my pen got delivered today, 2 days after receiving the tracking code. i didn't have to pay customs or any fees. also kudos to wobbleworks, the pen was nicely packaged and looks great!
3doodler arrived. no customs fee confirmed. yay again! may everyone else receive it soon as well.
apparently i'm a part of the 2'nd october batch.  much like everyone else, no pen or shipping information.
germany, 2nd october batch.  "scheduled for delivery" today, guess this means it went through the customs without fees. yay!
just received my 3doodle! (november backer from hong kong)! courier just suddenly came to my home! so excited to try this out!
got mine yesterday :) haven't had time to play with it yet but i'm glad it's not a holiday weekend over here, would have been tuesday earliest
@mark palmer: i also have abs and have no problems while drawing, sometimes plastic jams the nozzle but made a lot of doodles with abs: https://plus.google.com/photos/112485262474330249860/albums/5948992975871394977… have you watched the get started videos which were send with the tracking number? if you draw upwards it is more easily to use the slow button but you need to keep tension on the extruded plastic and if you stop you need to wait a few seconds before you withdraw the pen from the plastic otherwise it will not stay in form. i also needed to get used to it but most i draw on paper and put them together but also do some freehand doodles which is getting easier everytime i do it.
i've been patiently waiting (october, 2nd batch), and i got my tracking number as most of you have. the thing is, you have to remember that usps is pretty shitty, and it's a holiday weekend. i doubt they're going to be too good with the tracking numbers. i'll reserve judgement until i get the device, but transportation is not what i will judge 3doodler by..
for a package that was supposed to be shipped last week, it's pretty suspicious that the tracking number shows up invalid. even for usps it normally says something like "electronic shipping notification received"
an update would be appreciated on the status of shipping. i'm not saying they're not doing a good job, it's just that not everyone checks the comments for the occasional comment posted by ww. also, have all of the october 2nd shipments been sent? is shipping starting for november backers?
usps tracking:  my dad works for usps, and fully admits that usps tracking is one of the worst things ever.  i wouldn't worry too much about it not showing up as trackable, if it has a number, it's been shipped, it's just up to when it gets scanned.  you can basically assume that there is a 50% chance of it getting scanned at any given point, so it could make it all the way to you before it's scanned.  i have my number, it says not found, i'm not worried about it.
same boat as y'all, got my tracking number usps says it not found
@johntorres me too... i received my tracking number today: usps says that it does not exist. could this mean the number was input wrong? i thought all pens were shipped already so i figured it should say at the very least that electronic information has been received.
mine arrived today and its been a disappointing experience. i have abs which may be the issue but the plastic doesn't cool quickly enough to draw with - maybe pla would be better but i'm not inclined to go down the route of what might may be throwing good money after bad.if anybody can actually draw with pla please let me know. i ended up with drawings that would compete with the waste runs off of my 3d printer. the build quality isn't brilliant and my extrude button got stuck under the case the first run - i'd recommend reading the trouble shooting page before use.
got my tracking number this morning for my october 2nd batch shipment but according to usps it doesn't exist. guess we'll just wait and see if it shows up this week.
kalamazoo michigan us - 2nd batch october.  just received my tracking number, but it doesn't work... and no 3doodler yet, but hopefully very soon, tomorrow would be nice! :)
@rachel - faberdashery is the best place (imo) to get pla for the doodler as they sell by the meter (5m min per colour) and have around 30 colours in stock (most matching the 3doodler colours). its much better then having to buy 100m of every colour you want! they also sell the rainbow fun pack which contains the 10 main colours in bags of 10m of each (100m total = alot of doodling). if you spend more then £10 then you get a free 5m length of a randomly picked colour (one you haven't ordered) which is nice. i have been buying all my pla from them for a couple of years now (unless i need a 1kg spool) and i find they sell the best and most consistent quality and a great service all round. being able to buy by the meter is great for the doodler as a 5 or 10 meter length goes a very long way! just make sure you cut your coils into 10-12 inch sticks before you use it and straighten the first 4 or 5 inches of each stick before feeding it into your pen (it only takes a few secs). for abs i dont know of many places that sell small amounts. prob easier to stick with 3doodler's sticks for abs.
@dominic - yes, there are 5 packs each with 25 strand in the top of the box above the 3doodler. it's very neatly packaged.
p.s. i cant unwrap until later. will the extra plastic packs (from the wobbleworks upgrade) be in the box as its not loose in the currier bag?
wooo-hoooooo - just arrived. i didn't receive tracking number so wasn't expecting it today....hoping i would receive before crimbo (make a great crimbo present to myself)...october backer in the uk. came by dhl. cant wait to try it!
hooray! (uk oct backer) my 3doodler just arrived via yodel. two days after i got the tracking number :-d packaging looks very good. but i can't play with it until this evening. oh but it's going to be a long afternoon. ho hum. lol
still waiting for tracking or package as well near the boston area too. i hoped to have had it this weekend. oh well!
got mine here in singapore (shipped from hk) a few minutes ago! pretty excited to try it out now. thanks 3doodler team!
yay - the http://www.trackmytrakpak.com/ website works. my 3doodler has cleared customs and is somewhere in the uk :-d
just got mine today. color-tastic oct shipment. 125 plastics (5 packs of 25) included. haven't test it out yet. it's wrapped in nice strong plastic-air foam.
also a 2nd batch october, boston area, no tracking email nor package yet...  glad (?) i'm not the only one...
i'm a (2nd batch) october back, detroit area.  have not yet received either tracking email nor package, but still holding on to hope!
my beef is with usps and not wobbleworks. i should not be surprised that a government run website, system and logistics is sub-optimal to the private sector. ahem.... i also should have spelled it "duct tape."
@darby  happy to post when mine arrives.  usps site says "departed shipping partner facility" at 2:14p yesterday just outside cincinnati, oh.  that's all.  nothing more in a 24 hr period.  there is no way it takes that long - unless of course:  1. its just sitting on some loading dock. 2. usps has not scanned it but it is on its way. 3. they duck taped the package to a small cat and are hoping the cat knows where il is.  while numbers 1 & 2 are likely and my reason for hating any package shipped in this manner - number 3 is a possibility and therefore i've left a small bowl of milk outside my door.  i wish kickstarter gave project creators a way to offer multiple shipping options to their backers - i'd gladly pay more.
still have not received any tracking info. 2nd oct batch
@mark! yay. i am also in 2nd oct batch but have not received tracking number yet (i'm ok w/that) so   maybe you can post again when yours arrives to your house!
@mark, the usps tracking seems to have improved a lot recently.
got my tracking number. i'm a 2nd batch oct backer.   it left hebron ky yesterday.  usps tracking capability sucks compared to ups or fedex.  the us postal service has one of the most inefficient logistics systems on the planet.  having had packaged shipped to me by the us postal service before - the tracking number is almost meaningless other than you know its somewhere in the united states.  it could arrive today or 3 weeks from now and will most definitely follow a criss-cross path that makes no sense.  i had a package shipped to my via usps that originated 5 miles from me that moved thru 5 different states before it came to me.  why a package shipped in il would move to upstate ny, then atlanta, then tx, then colorado, then mo, then back to il - only to move from chicago downtown then to the border south by indiana then back up to northern il then finally to me back just north of chicago is beyond comprehension.
@wobbleworks thank you! that url cleared the issue right up! (and even better, according to the tracking it looks like it cleared customs yesterday ^^)
katja, i think some of the uk people getting theirs about now were actually in the first batch of october shipments, i could be wrong though.
dear october backers,  for those of you getting error messages on your tracking information: try this url http://www.trackmytrakpak.com/ - this applies if you have a "b-post" tracking number and your 3doodler is going to the uk, spain or germany. if you've got one you'll know it from the tracking number.  sorry about the mix up!
to uk backers - sorry if this has already been posted but was wondering if anyone could recommend a supplier for replacement plastic? my doodler hasn't arrived yet but i just wanted to make plans for keeping it fed!
my pick up request has already been placed on the 20th and the pick up was today..how can some people in the uk already have their pens? i'm from middle europe so it shouldn't make such a big difference.
6 days between pick-up request, and pick-up is kind of long isn't it?
just received my tracking info. it seems to still be in hk.
uk october backer - got the tracking number this morning, but like @sebastian and @james_d, it's not being recognised by the bpost website yet. fingers crossed :-d
october backer here, i received my 3doodler two days ago. finally, my kids and i had a go at it just now. my littlest one was only allowed to watch, but she was definitely grateful for the hearts, stars and also her name we made for her. looks like my older one really likes the concept. the 3doodler itself - i suppose we're still getting the hang of it. it is a little disconcerting when the flow seems to slow down. we're never quite sure if it's actually run out or clogged. well, other than that - we'll persist! :)
>november backers, your pens will be heading out starting from the start of next week. at the pace we are now moving at, almost all november pens will be sent by the end of the month. still no tracking number or package. has anyone gotten a november tracking number?
no tracking #, and no 3doodler here in eastern canada.
@michel, no tracking number. this was the email to confirm / update my home address. from memory these are sent out 1-2 weeks from the estimated shipping date.  here's hoping that december backers get shipped in the next week or so.
@mark see update #17, it explained some of this. for simplicity of packing 10 bags of 10 strands, became four packets of 25 (in two different sets of five colours) to give the same total of 100 stands and ten colours. there was then a bonus pack of 25 strands as a reward for the high level of funding.
tracking number (2nd oct batch) received. quantium shipment tracker gives "system warning" but otherwise working as intended.
hi i'm an october backer $99, i've received my pen but only with 5 packs of plastic. please can you get back to me.
@rodney n: did the email include the traking numer?  so it meens all november backers are already send out, when you as a dezember backer did got your tracking number.
my tracking number works. it says my package checked in and checked out of hebron, kentucky today. i live in california
same here, james_d. let's hope bpost's delivery is faster than their tracking system.
i got an email "tracking + top tips from our chief doodler" but the tracking number is blank :(
finally got a tracking number - feels reassuring knowing i haven't been forgotten. unfortunately, the bpost site just says: "no mailout matches the barcode" so no idea if somethings on the way or not really.
i'm an october backer down in atlanta, and no, i have no tracking number or product... still waiting...
so, anyone having another status than “confirmed pick up request“?
i'm in the uk…
@jonathan - it depends where you live i think. might be an idea to contact wobbleworks to confirm as it may be a missed entry in the database. cs@the3doodler.com
confirmed pick up request is usually when a courier has been booked to come and collect a parcel (or bunch of parcels) from the sender. it likely means (if you have no other details on the tracking yet) that your pen should be picked up from its origin and on its way in the next day or two. if your pen was sent a while ago and is on its way to you and this event has come up while in your country or a country en-route to you then it just means that transport has been confirmed for the next leg of its trip (possibly changing carriers from dhl to your local mail service). hope that helps.
anyone knows what "confirmed pick-up request" means?
um, i just got my email with my tracking details in. or rather, i got the email, but it had no tracking number in it. it was left blank. is that supposed to happen?
i'm a december backer, and i got my email from ww yesterday.  that's a promising start !  it's looking like the 3doodler will turn up before christmas.  that'd be sweet, i love giving myself gifts at christmas.
hang in there guys, sounds like they didn't have the automatic logistics in place to marry up tracking numbers to backers they're having to do that manually. don't be surprised if you get your pen before your number!
@cowpewter nope... no tracking number or unit here in baltimore yet.. :/
@alan - i didn't think £14 was too bad. it could be alot higher! what is annoying is that £8 of that is a royal mail handling charge! i never understand how rm or parcel force justify £8 and £12 for just collecting the import tax for hmrc?
any us-based 2nd october batch backers get their tracking number or 3doodler yet? trying to be patient, but it's getting difficult.
my 3doodler arrived in the uk today via royal mail. i got stung for £14 import tax & handling as expected. box was a bit beaten up inside, and i haven't had a chance to test it yet, but it looks in decent shape.
received my 3doodler today here in sydney, australia. october backer. was very excited but everything just died down soon. i am not getting the pen to stay on continuously, not even for the first one minute for the heating process. it turns on but only to go off in few seconds. seems the problem is with the power connection. pretty sure it's only my unit. have mailed wobbleworks. can hardly wait to start 3doodling!!!
in the us here. eagerly awaiting my pen shipped with the october 2nd batch. no tracking # yet but hopefully it arrives this week. fingers crossed.
australian backer here (october batch). i received my 'your 3doodler is almost ready' email on 14 october and my 3doodler arrived yesterday. boyfriend is loving it =)
@ andrew no need for a counterargument at all. i asked for an example and although it wasn't overfunded nearly as much as ww or other more successful projects that have been delayed, it's still a good example that i didn't consider given the funding level. i'm holding my end of the agreement up and saying that i was wrong and apologize!
*sorry eu and row pens...
guys really dont worry about the tracking numbers too much if you are outside of the us or asia as these are the only countries where the tracking numbers have actully been up to date and helpfull for backers to know when their pens will arrive. eu and rol pens especially any thing sent by the dreaded swiss post (my new mortal enemies) have genrally had poor tracking all the way with it updating days after an event and repeating the same event multiple times. my package is still waiting to enter uk customs currently even though i got it on friday! the only other entries were of it leaving hk (twice) and entering the uk then waiting to enter uk customs. its pretty useless and telephoning them is just as bad with one customer service agent telling you one thing and then the next day another customer service agent telling you something totally different! im pretty sure that swiss post didn't have a clue where my package was for the duration of its trip. (despite swiss post's claims that they have the best and mst accurate and up to date tracking system in the world...)
@mark - dhl and ups actually have global logistics solutions at various levels, from simple hybrid systems where packages ride on the faster dhl/ups courier service out of the origin country and into destination countries and then through their much faster customs clearing (normally just 24-48 hours) and are then separated from the main courier packages and passed to the country's local mail service to finish up and deliver the package and collect any charges etc... also both have a much more streamlined system (but more expensive - good for a company shipping by the pallet load into the eu/usa etc from another country or continent.  they actully collect all the packages destined for say europe, the company sending the packages packs the individual packages as normal puts on the address and customs labels and then box them up (and onto pallets normally). dhl or ups then collect the pallets destined for the different areas (europe, usa, aus/nz, asia etc..) and then ship them by their frieght systems (private transport aircraft owned by ups/dhl or on other larger aircraft owned by 3rd party companys who specialise in frieght and in some cases on empty (returning to another country without passengers or with very few passengers and bagage) commercial airline's jets that have alot of spare space/weight free for alot of mail to be hauled (most post travels on commercial flights anyway and the major shipping companies all have contracts with all the airlines for space/weight in their aircraft), these are destined for airports that have or are fairly close to one of ups/dhl's central hubs (2 in the us, 3 in europe and a few in asia and row). at the hubs the pallets and boxes are opened, and packages removed then entered into a sorting system then once again are either dropped into local mail for that area (uk mail sent like this through ups often comes from belgium when ups have a main hub and dhl have one in the nl's. usa obviously via usps) or the sender can pay a little extra and the packages continue their journey as standard courier packages and are delivered by ups or dhl to the receiver (it normally takes about 4-7 days for the hybrid bulk/sort/deliver service and 4-10 days for the hybrid services that make use of the faster bulk shipping but then get dropped into local mail services. both companies provide really great services with this new hybrid method and it is alot faster then standard intercontinental mail (us - uk for a 0.5kg box via usps then royal mail takes 10-14 days + customs clearing which can add anywhere from 1 -14 days extra. the same package via dhl global express or ups mail innovations takes normally about 6 days including customs). i order from a us pcb company that use the ups basic hybrid service now as packages to the uk were often taking nearly a month to arrive via usps & royal mail mainly due to customs, they now never take more then 7 days when shipped into belgium and onto the uk and as an eu - eu service it bypasses customs! wobbleworks are using the dhl service i beleive for us (and a few other destinations) based backers which is why delivery has been so fast for us backers. judging by steve and moriati's comments it sounds like they may of sorted eu shipping out. but this did happen with the first october batch too, a handfull of pens arrived in just a few days and were delivered by various couriers inc yodel, dpd and royal mail then there was a gap of 10 days before the bulk of the packages came through from swiss post through royal mail.
@mark and spencer, i'm an october backer and haven't gotten anyhing at all yet either. no tracking number or pen. :(
@mark, i'm second october batch, in the us too, no sign of it yet! hopefully before thanksgiving since i sent it to my work address! :)
any 2nd batch oct backers in the usa get their pens yet?  see that uk folks are getting them.  no tracking number yet but based on all the previous comments it seems pens are arriving before tracking numbers.  kickstarter idea:  create a logistics and distribution system to offer project creators that's simple and clear.  would seem like a wide-open opportunity for a company like ups or fedex to tackle.  supply-chain management, warehousing, distribution, tracking and stream-lined international customs-logistics.  i'd happily pay extra.  i don't work for ups or fedex.
@katya (et al) my pen arrived today. i'm in the uk (london) and i was an october backer in the 2nd group i think. i have not yet received any kind of tracking number email. no customs or import vat issues of any kind. the parcel has a swiss post label (i wasn't in to receive it myself, but i believe the royal mail delivered it as it came with the rest of the day's 'normal' mail. other info from the label is that the 'gift' box is ticked, rather than: commercial sample documents other also, the 'total value' is given as 50. hope you all receive your pens soon, they are great fun.
@katja: my pen arrived via a yodel (dhl) @home mini packet. i am a uk backer, 2nd october batch.
well, today i learned my 3doodler, that shipped on oct 17th, was returned to sender because of errors in the address (i entered it right the first time, and double checked it when we were asked to. so no idea what "error"?)  great! >:-( so now i can wait another month for it to arrive in hk again, clear up this issue and another month for it to actually arrive on my door? that sucks. i emailed cs  and hope they can expedite matters.
@ hfb one can't speak for everyone. if you think the general public accepted the delays, it is not usually means they accepted the delays. how many of 1229 backers you think posted something on the board? digix is a more specialized product, and their budget is like 20x times less. well, be my guest: see makey campaign. it meets your criteria? not only first, but all august ks backers to be precise. alas, i just know you will come up with a counterargument yet again. but please, do not bother to answer - i will not continue this particular discussion. @ sabine gross and once again i do not see any contradictions: you posted about your experience with the product, i posted my opinion about campaign. it is nice there are specialized forums for this kind of stuff (making models etc) - but i prefer to stick to official platforms when it comes to obtain or share information about current status of the item i backed. @nial its been just a four days ago when you sounded more angrier by this situation. just imagine for a second, what if it were for two or three days more, a week, or maybe a couple of weeks... would you react the same? and i was angry because i wanted to receive the item by 31 dec, not by oct, of course. yes, was. now i am just waiting. but if somebody thinks i would tolerate any kind of personal harassment... well.
to those 1 or 2 guys from the second batch who already received their pens: may you provide some information on how they were shipped?
thanks for snoopy, might be the first thing i try when i get mine :) (2nd batch october)
@sebastian: thanks for the link, haven't noticed that it is on reddit...
@zzmadzz: sry was the wrong link, this is the correct one: https://copy.com/eqthty6opfkivusp
@sabine i'd suggest using http://www.reddit.com/r/3doodler as a forum.
@zzmadzz: i finished the stencil for the snoopy. i uploaded it to the 3doodler website but it was not cleared by ww yet because i could not find it yet. here is the link to it: https://copy.com/pnzxoybb4zdzqscm
i backed the cst-01 were they said that they wil deliver in september 2013. now it is late january 2014 but all backers are ok with it, because they had to sort out some problems with the components and now they upgraded from staneless steel to titanium which make the watch so light that a helium baloon can lift it up easily...  yes some were sad but all are happy with the improvements and the comments are more posetively than here. i know i have my 3doodler already and don't know what i am talking about but i was at the first october backers from europe and swiss post really was a pain in the a** (according to swiss post my 3doodler is still at customes though i have it for approximate 2 weeks) but that is not ww fault. they reacted immediately when the backers from europe stated that out. ww is doing everything they can do get you your 3doodler on time, still answering e-mails and requests to satisfy all. instead of complaining here at the comment board it would be more effective to send them an e-mail (i guess they look to the customer e-mails than at the comments here, that' what custome support is for). we should use the comment board for sharing our experience with the 3doodler or tips and tricks so everyone will have more fun with his/her 3doodler. the website of the 3doodler is nice also the community site but there is a message board missing. i followed them on facebook, twitter and g+ but it's hard to keep up so it would be nice to have everything in one place.  for now i think it's ok to share it here as long the kickstarter backers are receiving theirs. may when they ship other preorders they will create a forum or message board for that but now they focus on the most important thing: shipping the 3doodlers to you.
@sabine wow the snoopy is really cute!! ok it shall be my project for the week :d. thanks for the pictures :)
@andrew try the digix project and look at the updates and comments there. they may not be jumping for joy at the delays but everyone has been appreciative of the updates regarding the delays and why. i'm still waiting for my unit to ship but they are up front and tell you about delays. stuff happens with hardware procurement. i'm also still waiting for an example from you of any overly funded campaign that delivered anything on time to even the very first backers like 3doodler did.
@nial just stating facts. i'm not basing my calculation on the pledge estimated delivery, but on the date that appeared on the notification email i received from wobbleworks stating that it would be shipped on oct. 28th. by the way, i did repeat more than once that, yes, there was a delay, but that it a small delay by ks standards! and, yes, after more than 90 projects funded on ks, i do know that it is not a store or a pre-order system and that delays are the norm!
@michael - so are you a first 100 backer then? eta september? if so then i would say something has gone wrong. where do you live? @leugim - i have no idea why swiss post offer that service as until they decide to become full members of the eu then it has no benefits whatsoever! the 1st october batch that i was in it made the wait much longer for alot of us eu backers. it would of been much better to send direct from hk without any stupid and pointless re-directs. tbh even if it had been to an eu member country, i think i would of prefered to just pay the customs charge (which wasn't that much) then wait an extra 2 weeks or so for delivery. anyway, we live and learn and i know from talking with the guys at wobbleworks that they were more frustraited and angry with the delays and terrible tracking then us backers that were hit hardest by them. i know they were/are looking at alternatives to avoid that problem for the rest of the batches. @marie - sorry 22 days late not 18. still, not really what i would call a delay. you have to remember that the eta's given are exactly that, estimated time of arrival (which in kickstarter terms normally means estimated dispatch. as sebastian rightly says, this is a crowdfunding site to fund a new company to get up and running and produce their product. i think ww have done an amazing job getting this done and a production ready doodler was ready to be mass made from early september, just 6-7 months after funding completed! @andrew - please just stop with the negativity! its getting stupid over such a tiny amount of delay. this isn't a shop and even if it was i have had similar delays from large retailers on pre-orders or new products normally due to some shipping issue out of asia!
on personal approaches, there's a huge difference between "you're wrong because kickstarter ist not a store" and "you're wrong because you are x".
@sebastian, stated a delivery date - deliver it on time. if not:  well, you might receive some negative feedback. it is a normal phenomenon. or, perhaps, you could point out some project with a backers jumping and clapping their hands due to receiving news of another delay?... if that was for a store, as you put it, i easily could have done a chargeback or a refund for an item which is not delivered on schedule (or if the delivery takes enormous amount of time) . and i am not doing that right now on ks, because this is not a shop, as you said. oh, and it was more than 2 weeks already. and third, please, stop making such a personal "approach", i suggest you to read the rules you trying to appeal to.
everyone complaining about the delays here, especially andrew markov: kickstarter is not a store. you don't buy something, you help a project get started and get a reward for it. if everything works out perfectly, you get that reward early, if not, you have to wait, with the latter being the norm. some projects even fail to deliver at all. so please stop complaining about two weeks. this is not amazon with a giant logistics department, it's a tiny company with a 2.3 m budget. if you can't live with this, kickstarter is the wrong place for you.
@nial: thanks for the list of the suppliers of plastic. found one close to me and will try this so i can save shipping at all if the plastic works fine with the 3doodler :) but they have only a few colors so i guess for some others i need another supplier...
it's an estimated delivery, not a hard deadline and estimates are supposed to leave wiggle room for delay. it's not a hard deadline like many kickstarter backers treat it to be and that's true of every project i have backed. it's one thing to miss the estimate but also explain to backers what's going on, which is exactly what ww has done, which is great. some projects, the creators are quiet about it and that's when it starts causing problems.
@nial there was a 22 days delay on the october 2nd batch. i admit that it is not a huge delay by ks standards, but it is technically a delay.
@nial pearce but why choosing a non ee country to base the distribution in europe? one thing is to pay custom fees when shipping from china, another is paying when it comes from inside europe!
nial pearce - they are a month behind on the estimated delivery of my 3doodler. that's called "delays". you read my comment in bulk with others, and there are a lot of people commenting without understanding the situation, so i'll excuse your oversight, but don't lump me in with everyone else. just don't make assumptions in the future. [=
@ michael - what delays??? apart from the issues with swiss post affecting some of us eu based backers with long delivery times due to a pointless re-sorting and re-sending system from within switzerland, the project is more or less on time!  if swiss post hadn't messed around with the eu destined doodlers then the majority of the 1st october group would of received their pens in october (just). the 2nd october batch are now dispatched (left the warehouse just 18 days after october had gone despite a problem with the distribution system that they had set up). november doodlers are being readied up for dispatch i believe and will likely leave the warehouse within november. december, january and february are actually predicted to be shipping earlier then planned as production ramps up and the issues with distribution are ironed out. imo wobbleworks have done an amazing job and kept to a tight deadline pretty well considering how big this project exploded to and that it is a brand new concept that at the time of launch was in a prototype stage still. they have turned that prototype into a fantastic fully functioning product in a very short amount of time with just minor issues for a 1st edition unit! the small delays in dispatch we have been told were down to the shipping partner and out of wobbleworks control and the delays a number of us had in the eu were entirely down to swiss post as the pens were dispatched on time on the 18th of october, the day they had predicted. it sounds like the shipping partner issues have been sorted and swiss post either given the boot or a different method used avoiding that stupid 2 week long stop over in switzerland. if that's the case then things are looking great for the rest of the backers! you have to remember that this is crowd funding of a brand new product and company and not a simple pre-order of an existing or fully developed product! @ victor - it is a great piece of kit! for a first edition of a new product its pretty impressive indeed, especially for the low price that we all paid!
@keith & judith - thanks for that link! i hadn't even considered that anyone had done a tear down on one yet. very useful to see. @greg - im sure the carbon fibre and other protoplant/protopasta would work in that it would extrude as normal, but i cant really see any advantage or point in using specialist filaments with the doodler with the exception of possibly flexible pla (flex ninja etc..) and taulman nylon.  i certainly see no point in using carbon fibre, high temp, laybrick, laywoo-d3 etc... as they are designed for precision printing layer upon layer, using them freehand would just make a mess (laybrick and laywoo-d3 get extruded as more of a paste then normal plastics and take a good few seconds longer to set so would likely look and work worse then just using standard abs or pla. @sabine - no problem. always happy to help :) i have the opisite problem with my (regular inkjet) printer in that i have just run out of ink so cant print any of the stencils out yet that i desperatly want to try! your snoopy looks amazing! wobbleworks should make that doodle of the week for sure! @andrew - i cant really comment on any of the other brands you have listed as i haven't used them. when i bought my first 3d printer kit direct from adrian bowyer's (creator of the reprap printer and community) company, he and jean-marc giacalone (company director and owner/founder of emaker) both told me faberdashery were the best people to buy pla from.for qualitly and the fact that you can buy what you need and not have to invest a ton of money just to buy 5x 1kg drums of filament and be limited to just those 5 colours. for larger amounts i know that jet, orbi-tech and fabberworld all supply good qualitly abs and pla on larger rolls, these days i buy my abs and specialist filaments from 3dfilaprint here in the uk when i need it. for a really good list of world wide suppliers you can check here : http://reprap.org/wiki/printing_material_suppliers please stop with the negative comments towards wobbleworks. these guys have worked their backsides off getting our doodlers ready and shipped, are providing a great level of customer service and still working stupidly long hours each and every day either at their desks or in the factory making sure everything is going to plan, collating all the backer info into a data base and onto their web interface to get tracking numbers (which tbh are pretty useless anyway) to backers, and just keeping production and distribution on schedule which considering they are a very small team of people dealing with a factory and shipping partner in a country half way round the world from their homes that have very different working behaviour and systems compared to us or eu based companies and are still slogging it out getting to all the important shows and promotional events to ensure they have a customer base ready once the doodler reaches retail ready levels next year!  i don't think they could actually be doing a better job! 7800% over target and just a few weeks behind schedule and closing that gap daily! amazing!
a pregnancy lasts 9 months. it has been 9 months 3 days since i have backed this project. it is taking longer to get my 3doodler than it does to conceive, gestate, and bring a new human life into this cold, unforgiving, 3doodlerless world. but seriously, while i'm very disappointed in the series of delays, i'm pretty excited and looking forward to receiving mine.
@all: it is a great "machine" imo! pla works a lot better than abs. i had to clean the nozzle twice already because of abs. (backpressure/clogging). it is all about your "expectations": it is not a toy, it is not a professional tool, but it is great fun! for a moderate price: this is the edge of technology! enjoy the use, and explore the "frontier". victor
@all: it is a great "machine" imo! pla works a lot better than abs. i had to clean the nozzle twice already because of abs. (backpressure/clogging). it is all about your "expectations": it is not a toy, it is not a professional tool, but it is great fun! for a moderate price: this is the edge of technology! enjoy the use, and explore the "frontier". victor
@greg - no idea on the filament, at minimum it'd void warranty though since it isn't tested/approved.  november shipments are going out between monday and almost all will be shipped by the end of the month.
also is the carbon fiber pla filament compatible with the 3doodler? (there's a kickstarter page for it)
when will november units be shipping out? i haven't been very active on this page so forgive me if it's already been discussed.
yes the teardown image is here: http://hackaday.com/2013/10/20/3doodler-in-the-wild/
@nial: many thanks, that was very helpful. i ordered almost every colour they had and a bit more of black, white and clear. it's really nice that they sell in meters.
andrew, have you considered actually reading the update before starting your daily rant?
@nial- apologies for contacting you on here about another project, but we have both backed an art project in somerset that it appears you have info on. could you email me @ james.dellow@thesquad.org.uk? thanks
@zzmadzz: here are the closeups of the snoopy: https://plus.google.com/photos/112485262474330249860/albums/5949769450061129169…
@nial: wow thanks for testing it so fast. i will order my plastic to check it out. but i think i will get another blue than galaxy blue. i really like using the stencils to try some things, but there is always some ink of my printer (ink jet as well laser printer) on the plastic after i peeled it off the paper. i guess it's because the heat of the plastic when it comes out. anyone else have this problem or any solution to it?
@amanda a the post i cited is from earlier date. but lets just leave it as it is.
daniel's got me sorted out. it's the power adapter that's dead, so will be getting a new power adapter sent to me.
@andrew: "we have now finished sending out the final october pens. tracking numbers will follow around the start of next week by email."  - that one is from the same update - you can't just pick and choose what parts you read.
@amanda: "it's taken about a week to process all trackers" - that one is from 16 nov by ww. but i will not engage in another senseless debates: there clearly are two "camps" of customers being formed. @nial pearce, could you please elaborate about different kinds (manufacturers) of plas?  faberdashery is ok, but international delivery is not that cheap. i'm currently looking for a local stores... i have a list of manufacturers: bfb cube cubex felixprinters makerbot picaso projet up! which one is better? also i have this picture: http://imgur.com/wpnsohl the seller states it is bfb plastic - could he be lying? it looks just like some cheap pla from china, garage-made for me. could be wrong, though.
@andrew - they said early next week on the tracking numbers, not the weekend.
nial: you can see a photo of the innards. just google for "3doodler teardown"
still no sign of a track number after a week. that really is a shame. does anybody from the 2nd batch received a track at all? or it was another prediction with no guaranties? contacted support.
october backer here, didn't get any email or tracking number but the package arrived last evening. plugged it in and followed the instruction manual to turn it on to abs, and no led lighted up. i might be one of the most unlucky backer with a dead-on-arrival pen. damn it. emailed customer support, hope they get back to me soon.
@judith - you need to select the 3mm from the selection box on each colour's page and then select pla 1m from the box below and enter how many meters you want in the quantity box (minimum of 5m per colour) then add to cart and choose the next colour and so on. they will also send you a few meters of a random colour as a sample for free with each order which is a real bonus. i havent had any jam yet and have put about 15 sticks of it through so far in 9 different colours. 5m of 3mm pla goes a very very long way!! i have been cutting mine to 14-16 inch lengths which works well. it comes wound so after you cut a piece make sure you straighten out the first few inches so it feeds right when you insert it into the doodler. it does work really well indeed. the guys at faberdashery have (at least) one 3doodler i believe and have been having some fun with it and their filament. its slightly different using it compared to abs but it doesn't take long to get the hang of it. they are a really friendly bunch, shoot them an email if you have any questions and they are always happy to help.
overall i really love my new toy! its fantastic fun and great to play with next to my printer when having to keep half an eye on the printer. just need to get some more practice and then go all adventurous! @sabine - have tried those faberdashery colours out for you (except bling bling gold)... architect's stone  robot silver  princely purple  glacial blue  mercury red all tested on pla setting on the doodler and extruded 14 inches of filament of each perfectly! pearly white  galaxy blue  lapis blue  space marine  i matched my printers main hot end to the same temp as the doodler and put these 4 through (albiet 1.75mm not 3mm) and they extruded and printed nice and neatly. i also dropped and raised the temp by 15-20oc each way and extrusion remained spot on with not clogging at lower temp and no bubbling or discolouring at the higher temp. all of those and likely the entire range will work perfectly for you and those colours all come out looking amazing! i think you will be more than happy with the results! the only one i would warn about is galaxy blue as it has lots of tiny aluminium flecks in it. they are all supposed to be less then 0.1mm so should be ok but it might be worth checking with wobbleworks first. i have recently printed 3 very technical vases in galaxy blue on my printer pushing it through a 0.3mm nozzle and had no problems at all. it should be fine. @victor - i tried laybrick stone filament for the first time last night on my printer and its amazing stuff! i printed a little pyramid and it looks fantastic! it comes out as more of a paste but sets very quickly and results in no layer lines on a printed object.  not sure how well it would work with the doodler, i personally wouldn't have a use for it with the doodler.
@nial: i'm also in uk may i ask the size of faberdashery pla that you bought that works with the 3doodler? is it the 1.7mm one? i'm going to buy some of that also in meter, different colours, because i'm not too happy with the abs jams like others said. i want to see if the pla is better and since i only have abs it's worth the try. it is fun at the same time tricky it does take practice to build a skilled hand.
@keith - yes pla works fantastically well with the doodler. i use faberdashery pla which is the best you can get in europe and it is great stuff for the doodler, i have also put some cheap as you like crap through it and it came out and worked just as well! however good spec pla often has a slightly lower melting point on the semi-transparent colours and some of the really light solids (white, cream, stone, baby blue etc..) so when using it in the doodler for up rights you need to hold for an extra second or two to allow it to cool sufficiently to be solid. on my printer i run most faberdashery pla colours at just 175oc which works perfectly (it also works pretty well at 200oc or so but takes a fraction longer to set (i use a 40mm fan attached to my y carrage pointing at the hot ends to cool it as quickly as possible. however being flexible for a little longer then abs also has huge benefits as it makes filling an area and creating a nice wide edge layer and also stacking layers on a small upwards build (as the plastic remains plyable for that tiny extra bit of time it bonds better when another extrusion is run along side it or on top of it. it also obviously lets it stick to a smooth surface like glass much easier. cheap pla might be better for free hand air doodling as it normally has a higher then normal melting point and so will harden faster. so dont sell your pen yet! pla i think is the way forward and maybe some trials with some harder higher temp abs that will withstand that back pressure when slightly hot may be helpfull and fix the problem. i actually quite like the ooze brake it has by backing up after extrusion but it would be very nice to have an over ride switch so you could turn it off when doing a lot of small pieces as the back up wastes time and looses you momentum... maybe an idea for the next model??? or something for hackaday to figure out if its possible to over-ride it. the back pressure thing is exactly what i meant, i have seen it happen a few times on my prusa-mendel printer with abs and it expands way above the heater block, sometimes as high as the bottom of one of the 3 bowden tubes (bowden type extruders are much more susceptible to it), im guessing because the doodler is so small, the heat is easily transferring too far up when on the higher temp for abs. maybe a variable temp dial would also be a good addon for the next generation doodler??? (or a hackaday special!) its funny, but since i posted that this morning i have been running abs all day and not a single clog up! there are definitely a few things that i think need tweaking on the doodler or to add to the mkii version to fix and improve things mentioned by me and your good self.  extrusion speed - fast mode defiantly puts alot of pressure into the (what appears to be quite a large) heating chamber causing that back pressure jamming issue, its also evident when you back a jammed stick up and look at it you can see the hobbed drive bolt has worn a good chunk into the plastic in very little time. i think dropping the feed rate by just a few mm per min (feed speed) would resolve that without loosing the nice and fast extrusion. heat control - it would be great to have a small rotory switch on the doodler to allow you to tweak your heat settings for the 2 selections. just a 10% variable range either side would be perfect to make up for different melting points on different branded plastics and would make a huge improvement imo. cooling - dropping the cooling fan so it sits lower and just above the heat chamber would help alot and stop that heat from transferring up through the plastic and/or what ever it is feeding through (a brass chamber with a high temp ptfe tube feeding into it i imagine) ooze control - this is great and has been tweaked perfectly to stop any oozing but it would be nice to have a switch or a 3rd feed button present so you can turn it off when doing alot of small lines where you cant or dont want to double back on yourself to prevent the doodler from retracting when the feed buttons are released. what would be useful is for wobbleworks to post a picture of the internals of the doodler so we can see how the feed and drive systems are set up. it would proved great insight and help understand why it does certain things and highlight any bits that could be damaged by doing something silly. @wobbleworks, any chance of this? not the electronics & wiring (except the heater and motor/s, but mainly the whole feed, extrusion and heating systems and their size & position).
my 3doodler arrived today, 2nd october batch in the uk. working well, it is a bit tricky to doodle in the air, but i will get the hang of it. thanks wobble works for a great kickstarter and for a high quality end product!
"with the abs sticks when you back them out after a jam, i have noticed that about 10mm from the molten end the stick has been compressed and the heat from the hotend on the pen seems to be allowing the plastic to expand at that point and create a lump which i am pretty sure is whats causing the jams."  that means the motor is running too fast for the melting chamber to keep up. this increases viscosity of the melted plastic, which in turn increases back-pressure. in a normal 3d printer this would lead to a clog. the solution is to either increase the temperature of the hotend or reduce the motor speed.  the frequent unwanted retractions are very annoying and make the device rather unusable for abs. i've bought a spool of good pla to try next, and i'm hoping that you're right and that pla doesn't have this problem. i've not had good success with the pen for the purpose i had intended to use it for, and have pretty much given up on abs. if pla doesn't work better then i will probably repackage my pen and list it on ebay in time for a xmas buyer.  it's probably fine for simple doodling, but i was hoping to be able to use it for quick model drafting - for example where i want to design a part to mate to another complex part, but cannot remove the existing part to take detailed measurements. so my hope was that i could use the pen to do kind of a in-place hard mold and then use that mold for taking measurements at my desk. it works, but the retractions every few seconds are infuriating.
@nial: i also noticed that the 3doodler sometimes stops for a second while extruding abs. this happends when i used it for about an hour or longer or when i use the fast button. when i use the slow button it occurs after some time. thursday it was so much fun that i didn't realized that two hours went by :) i finished the stencil for the snoopy and a cristmas tree and uploaded it. still waiting to be shown on the website but the result looks like this: https://copy.com/6u8qi
@thane: yes you can doodle in mid-air with flex pla. it takes a bit of practice. just look at the small picture next to this comment. the "wineglass" is in flex pla. i've used clear pet also. next up is "stone"....
oh, i also highly recommend making a little work area with a piece of something flat (piece of square glass or a tile - i bought a £1 photo frame today from the local £1 shop and just used the piece of glass from it and through the frame away) then cover it in 50mm wide kapton tape as this creates a great bonding surface for your prints and makes it easy to peal them off. 3m blue masking/painters tape is also ok but only any good for pla and not abs where as kapton is good for both. i (like most people) use kapton tape on my 3d printer bed. you can buy a large roll for very little money on ebay or amazon. just search kapton tape 50mm an example (this would last you months and months) : http://www.amazon.co.uk/big-bargain-5cmx100ft-resistant-polyimide/dp/b00aawdzvy/ref=pd_sim_sbs_diy_1 you can buy wider (100mm up to 200mm) but i find that it tends to kink and get air bubbles when laying it out and you can also buy sheets of it but they are more money and i think 50mm tape is far better and more versatile, just right for the doodler and any 3d print bed.
@victor - no they are moving by air but the messing around in switzerland is where the delays are occuring. i really dont understand why swiss post insist on re-sorting and disributing from switzerland, its not part of the eu so customs charges for eu backers need to be paid before you pick up or have your pen delivered by your local post office. my pen spent 10 days in switzerland before being sent on to the uk through standard eu postal routes and was treated from there on as a low priority item despite the shipping label being marked as a express/priority package. things will certanly slow down now even more now the holidays are near. @spencer - yes they do, pla is better for it but abs will stick too if its a nice clean surface. the doodler is awesome, i love it and its a lot of fun to use. the only issue i have been having is with the included abs filament which keeps stopping half while extruding, i have been having to back the stick out then cut the molten end off and re-feed which gets it going again but its a real pain as it does it 2-3 times per stick on abs. using the huge amount of pla i ordered separately from faberdashery it is fine and with pla it hasn't got blocked so far at all. with the abs sticks when you back them out after a jam, i have noticed that about 10mm from the molten end the stick has been compressed and the heat from the hotend on the pen seems to be allowing the plastic to expand at that point and create a lump which i am pretty sure is whats causing the jams.  has anyone else noticed this and have you found a solution better then having to remove the stick, cut the lump off and restart? apart from that tho it is awesome! i mainly use pla anyway and buy it from a place here in the uk that sell about 30 odd colours and by the meter so will likely just keep using pla for most things (although i am finding it harder to work with on uprights as it stays flexible for longer then abs). am thinking of printing off a little clip on bracket (maybe to attach to the 2 handy screw holes on the barrel) for a 40mm 12v fan that points at the nozzle to get pla cooling faster. i have a similar thing on my printer and it makes a heck of a difference.
@nial thanks for the info!
@victor pons - can you lift off the surface and doodle in the air with the flex pla? or is it too runny?
@spencer - i believe pla does (or is supposed to)
i am pretty sure that "shipping" litteraly means "by ship" in this case. i've ordered things from china (aliexpress), 3 weeks ago. and it arrived before my 3doodler!
nial's impressions have me excited! can't wait to get my hands on mine. can't be too much longer for the second october batch!! i highly doubt it, but do either of the plastic types stick to glass?
i was one of the unlucky ones. my 3doodler was detained in portuguese customs. i'm waiting for the costs of the process. anyone knows what would happen if i refuse to pay the custom fees? besides the return of the 3doodler. would wobbleworks resend it again? and once more from switzerland? for god sake, there are 28 countries in the ee. switzerland and norway are only the two missing from western europe that don't want or plan to join. and they pick the swisses to distribute the 3doodler to european customers? shame!
@nial pearce -  "world class" probably means they can tell you accurately only on which world/planet is the package. ;)
@arash - they leave the warehouse in china and cross into hong kong and ship from their i believe. it was recently explained by wobbleworks in an update or post here in the comments board.
35 days since dispatch and.... its here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i had to go and collect from my local delivery office and pay the £14.94 import costs/charges (quite cheap i thought considering £8 of that is a handling charge by royal mail) but it made it here finally! according to the swiss post tracking system the parcel is still waiting to be cleared by uk customs, so that kind of sums up how good their "world class" tracking system actually is. i think if wobbleworks use hk post or another direct hk - destination tracked postal service then it would cut the delivery times in half. most of the delays have been down to the pointless re-sorting and re-direct from switzerland by swiss post. with the world's postal systems about to... well go postal, due to xmas and the increase in parcels by 800-1000% the normal amount coming out of asia, it could mean even longer waits if their crappy system is used. through december and january. anyway... woot! 3doodling here i come! 1st impressions after a couple of mins playing... its much smaller then i expected which is nice, it looks sweet and feels well built and solid, love the feed system and the fact that it has ooze control (backs up a little after you stop so that you get no overflow/ooze), it heats up really quickly, drive motors seem good and grip well, the fan that kicks in when you start extruding is a little loud (it sounds like its blades are catching on something plastic) but not excessively so, its actually alot quieter while extruding then my 3d printer is when that's sitting idle and not printing with just its cooling fans running, so no worries from me there. i have 3 packs of the included abs and 50 meters (~150ft) of faberdashery pla cut into 12" sticks so i will be having a good play today and report back later. thanks wobbleworks for an awesome product and great campaign!  fantastic that despite you having to up-scale production by so much that my pen arrived only 22 days past the eta (of october delivery) and i think if hk post hadn't of had those fires and had to stop the majority of their international shipping (putting all the extra load on to other services) and the fact that swiss post are slow as hell, then it would of likely been here just within october.  i think this could easily be one of the best run kickstarters since croudfunding became popular!! great job guys! really impressive!
finally the pen was delivered this morning! i paid an extra €20,50 import duties for the netherlands. it took a full 5 weeks since the tracking notice..... it works nice though, i already printed stuff with my own flex pla which is rubbery and springy!
@arash - sounds like hong kong
does anyone know where the packages are shipping from?
actually from what i've been told, even though the november ones aren't leaving china for hk until next week or later, the waybills have already been prepared so they can't be changed.
abdul:  if your parcel is already shipped:  no. if it hasnt shipped yet, contact wobbleworks directly via their website. also, depending on your country, you can set up mail forwarding by going to your local post office.
hi, i've just been unexpectedly vacated out of my previous address with no foreseeable access to incoming mail to my prior address. i'm slated for a november 3doodler. is there anyway to switch addresses?
34 days since dispatch and still no doodler!!!! really starting to get p#@sed off now! i was really excited but now that's just tainted by anger and anxiety! have phoned royal mail 3 days in a row and each day they say its being processed and should be at your local delivery office for collection tomorrow and then the same the next day and the next... the worst thing is that it is at the regional sorting hub just 15 miles away but they wont let me collect it from there as its got no public pick up desk, its been there 3 days and only today do they tell me that its a low priority item which is why its taking so long to be processed when on monday they told me it would be treated as 1st class and delivered within 48 hours of leaving customs which it left monday morning. what is wrong with the mail service for a package to take 34+ days to make a trip that all other packages and parcels by other providers manage in 7-14???
i just put mine up on ebay - no time to use it for a while. http://www.ebay.com/itm/251384724446…
@andrew ladt updatd state that you (and i) should receive tracking info by the beginning of next week. tracking info emailing is not synchronize with shipping.
hi.  i'm october delivery.  i know you're delayed, but i do not have a tracking number and it's mid november.  any info?
@leslie - from the recent update, it sounds like it will be close.  if they are handing them off to usps (which it sounds like they are), you have a decent chance, as (according to a postal worker i know) they try to get all packages out by christmas if they at all can.  that being said, it sounds like it will be close, if november shipments take til the end of the month.
hi there.  i am a december backer in california.  i was planning this item as a christmas gift.  do you anticipate them arriving in time?  thanks!
i bet my 3doodler is going to arrive at my campus while i'm on thanksgiving break -_-
at least this is some positive news.
i am a bit puzzled, as an eu backer i had to pay $10 extra to ship outside us. my 3doodler was however shipped from hong kong, via singapore to eu. which is probably the cheapest option available.. (cents not dollars) and it is probably not more expensive than shipping to us from there? so why the extra charge for eu. also, it was shipped on the 25th of october and is still underway because hongkong->singapore->eu is probably the slowest way to ship something. so still excited, but slightly annoyed ;-)
so, 2nd batch has left the building and new shipping methods do already get tested, so maybe we'll have our pens faster than the first batch. i'm excited :) and sorry nial, i reeeeally hate beeing picky but i can't hold it back anymore: it's "could/would have", not "could/would of" ;)
@marie, from talking multiple times to the ww guys, it seems that the shipping partner was the one who sold them the great idea of using swiss post for euro deliveries and they were told very different information to the truth (for instance that shipping would take 10-14 days to eu backers). they are just as (if not more) pissed off with swiss post then us still waiting on our packages since the 18th. also because hong kong post were not processing eu bound packets/parcels at the time due to those fires at their international sorting hub at the main airport caused by idiot companies shipping cheap badly made lipoly batteries by airmail without declaring the real contents, this took hk post out as an option (the better of all the chinese based mail services imo - the insured, fully traceable, international 1st class service which most good retailers based in china use), and china post are world renowned for loosing packages, poor handling and various other problems (they are the cheapest tho). you also have a few slightly quicker private courier/post hybrid services and then of course you get to the stupidly expensive (although i would of paid the $70 or whatever it would of cost to get it here in 2-5 days) world class international companies (dhl, ups and fedex). i have no idea what the costs are until i know what the package weighs. shipping from china is cheaper then alot of people think! there is just so much stuff shipping out daily that the bigger po's can offer fast and cheapish shipping if you pick the right tier. i concur with diego and believe the 2nd october batch has left the warehouse and is being moved in batches to hk & starting to ship! by now i expect the asia and aus/nz pens that have been processed will be en-route, followed by the us (different courier - dhl global express/usps hybrid system) and then europe and row.  based on the 1st october group, you wont get you tracking number till 7-10 days after your pen gets handed to the shipping partner (alot of you will get your pens before or very soon after you get your tracking number, asia, us and aus/nz mainly. from the info available, november and december rewards are on track to be dispatched before the end of their month. however, remember tho that the worlds shipping services are about to hit around 500% their normal items as more and more people are buying xmas gifts from t'internet and ordering early to ensure they get them in time for xmas. i know ww were going to look at alternative methods of shipping for eu backers, i dont know if they managed to do it in time for the 2nd october batch but with a bit of luck the shipping partner has learned some lessons from this last batch and hopefully ensured everything is in place on the boxes and that swiss post dont re-direct or try and cheat the system with this batch!
@diego it seems you are right (ye!). no tracking info yet though
@marie-andree actually, read down several comments. ww just said they are shipping right now! i expect that by the end of the week every october 2nd batch doodler will have shipped. november should not take long. pretty excited! @judith hi! may i know what backer level are you?
@riley there is no date for october 2nd batch, november or december yet.
just received my 3doodler in uk. lovely packaging and nice colour plastic filaments. haven't had a chance to try it, have to wait till weekend which i'm looking forward to. thank you for timely delivery.
is there a projected date for when the december orderes will be shipped out?
thank for the answer diego. so do they ship it with tracking number at all for usa backers or not really? thx
i'm curious for those in europe with shipping woes,, how much does tracked shipping generally cost that wouldn't put you in the position you're in? i'm in the u.s. so i have no idea but i'm trying to see if the $10 extra you paid would be able to cover those costs for the better shipping service. if not, that's likely why they went with swiss post.
mine is still held up by dutch customs. i am waiting for more than a month now. ridiculously slow shipping in my opinion.
have someone ordered more plastic at their plastic store? how long did it take to get it?
@nial maybe it is partialy wobbleworks fault. they chose swiss post after all.
thanks to swiss post my doodler has now been in transit and customs for 32 days and still not in the uk mail system!!! virtually zero tracking and a bunch of bs excuses. they provide the worst postal service i have ever had!! @wobbleworks - i know this is not your fault in any way but please get your shipping partner to drop these idiots at swiss post and use a regular tracked airmail service as this is just crazy now! i dont want more people to have to go through this bs!
yaay mine arrived!  had to pay 20.55 import duty. (the netherlands)
@chi-hime the october ones are being shipped right now (delays happened, read the comment for more info :p). absolutely no november backer has got their pen yet
is anyone get their november pledge yet? do they send it out or not yet? just wanna know. thank guys
@shala - you'll probably receive a survey soon asking you to update your address.  generally they have gone out about 2-4 weeks before expected shipping date, so the december ones should go out soon. they'll also ask for your phone number.
hi. i'm in the december group. we've moved since i backed this project and was wondering how i update my shipping address. thanks!
nicklas: it does that on purpose (it is called "retraction"). the reason is that the nozzle is still hot and the plastic is still expanding inside of it, so if it did not retract the plastic slightly then it would slowly ooze out of the tip - which is usually not what you want when you stop holding the button.  real 3d printers do this too, though with much higher precision and speed.
finally got mine today! what does it mean when the pen stops extruding plastic, and instead reverses it out the back a little bit when you let go of the button?
is there any news on the "three-pin control port for the speed buttons, which can be used to control extrusion without actually touching the 3doodler" i want to attach the 3doodler to a fischer technik plotter. but the long delay after pressing the buttons prevents this. as it is not possible to control the process precise enough.
looking forward to do this: http://xkcd.com/281/
@all, october pens are flying out of our logistics hub at a pretty fast rate. november pens will follow shortly thereafter. stay tuned!
@zzmadzz: that may take some time because it was a birthday gift for my sister. she got it on saturday but i ask her if she can make a close up.
@sabine that snoopy is gorgeous!! take a close up of the snoopy? xd
@nial: i knew that switzerland is not part of the european union but it's part of the schengen area - no passport controls at the border but maybe in the country and no customs control but i think the customs control are only when you travel in person. but some from ireland and uk have mentioned that they did not have to pay any customs. that's maybe because you are part of the schengen area but have some exception (i guess due to the fact that you are an island state and need to be careful what goods you allow to import or export). maybe you have different amounts until you have to pay customs. at the austrian custom homepage they state that all shipments over 22 eur have to pay taxes and all over 150 eur need to pay import customs which is much more than the taxes. that's why i splitted a plastic order in two parts to make sure that i won't be over that 150 eur because each parcel is treated seperately. other topic - my first doodle: https://copy.com/6csrsb4swsux2jxz :) i will make a stencil for the community website soon (did this analog with a pencil an paper). it was so much fun to make - but now i ran out of red plastic which was shipped with the 3doodler.
@diego - they may not have made updates that go out to everybody, but they have been on here commenting at least once a week.  the most recent comment was 2 days ago, just a little ways down this page. "creator wobbleworks llc. 2 days ago @all, conjecture is a dangerous thing. i can confirm that the goods are on their way, first to hong kong and then through various means (depending on country) to the final october backers. sit tight, we're on the road to scheduling supremacy again and you'll have your pens soon. keep in mind that of the 3,000 not all are processed for onward shipping in a single day, and also keep in mind that to date it's taken about a week to process all trackers."
actually the last update was 3 weeks ago, and there is not really plenty of time at least where i live. to give you an example, i ordered a small package from china on august 3rd from ebay and it arrived yesterday. that is how long packages can take to arrive to me. we can't deny that their communication has not been the best, specially with somewhat ambiguous communications on the comments wall, and no actual date, but instead guesses and "around" dates. i am also starting to get worried about whether or not i will get it for christmas, and i really hope ww can give us good news in the following days. i am not mad whatsoever, but i insist that communication is crucial in times like this, in order to tranquilize angry, sad, or childish customers (backers) who moan constantly.
@michel - they updated us on the delay yesterday actually (further down the comments wall). i mean, the updates come in about once a week, which is way better than most ks updates.  you should get it in plenty of time for christmas, even in europe.
i´m another october backer waiting - the 3doodler is supposed to be a christmas present, so i still have about 36 days left - but i am really getting nervous now, especially since i live in europe... i don`t have that much problem with the delay, but they could work on their communication with the delay...
i backed a ks project that began with their demonstrating a finished working product, and stated that they only needed to finalize packaging and that we would get it in roughly 30 days. more than six months later with no product, no delivery schedule, and still no end in site, i finally managed to get a refund. one year later and they had still not fulfilled the rewards to everyone.    i just received a reward from a different ks project that was delayed 4 times and was about seven months behind schedule. it was billed as a "completely open platform" and they delivered a totally closed platform with crappy engineering such that it barely works. total rip off. a short delay for my 3doodler is a win in my books. i know it will arrive. i know it works as advertised based on the many videos i have seen. i have no problem what so ever of waiting, as i am not a child with a short attention span that needs it now!!! this is not walmart and since this is an investment in future thinking i am well aware that things do not always go as perfectly as planned. since it is clear to me that wobble works is honest and doing their best, that is good enough for me. it will come when it comes and no amount of moaning about it will change that.
@andrew - stop moaning! this 2nd october batch is just 18 days behind (being 18 days since october ended) and the remainder of the levels are almost certainly going to be on time now that problems with processing have been sorted (as far as i am aware). this delay is nothing compared to likely 3/4 kickstarter projects! for such a huge project that had to scale up so much the fact that they are even shipping yet is amazing!! most projects i have ever backed on here and other crowd funding sites have had delays of 1-3 months with about 40% being over 3 months late! 18 days late on a single pledge level is not really a big deal is it, in the grand scheme of things? us and asia backers should be good and have their pens in the next 14 days (give or take) based on the 1st batch from when they were dispatched from the factory to the shipping area. europe and row... who knows? its a bit of a lucky dip with some backers getting theirs in 14 days and others longer. just to confirm for people too... if you live in europe and did not pay customs charges then you were just lucky as royal mail told me on friday that despite pens being "sent" from switzerland, it doesn't make any difference as switzerland is not an eu country (little fact there for you, i didn't know that, did you?) so import tax or vat is due before collection from the post office unless you were lucky in which case you would of already received your pen from october's 1st batch... if you are an eu backer then be prepared to pay ~20% in tax on the declared value of your package and a £8-£12 ($15-20 usd) handling charge from the delivery company (your local mail provider in most cases) before you can take possession of your parcel. i have no gripe with wobbleworks, they have been helpful, replied to messages quicker then most and are doing a great job. my only problem is with swiss post who i swear i will never ever be letting anything be shipped to me by again! its taken them a month to ship a package from hk to the uk and for some unknown reason (because its not an eu country and hence pointless) ship through a re-sorting centre in switzerland adding nothing but a huge delay to all packages that have a value of more then £15! wobbleworks handed them my package on the 18th of october and it still is not here a month later! hopefully wobbleworks will change the method for eu deliveries at some point as swiss post are nothing but useless and a waste of time! @wobble works - keep up the great work guys! (just maybe look at avoiding the dreaded swiss post...)
@pclabtech : ww commented earlier today (my time, maybe yesterday for some), and said "i can confirm that the goods are on their way, first to hong kong and then through various means (depending on country) to the final october backers. sit tight, we're on the road to scheduling supremacy again and you'll have your pens soon. keep in mind that of the 3,000 not all are processed for onward shipping in a single day, and also keep in mind that to date it's taken about a week to process all trackers." there's just been a ton of comments since then.
i figured since the middle of november was upon us... and i still haven't seen a tracking number, i figured i would check out what's going on... sigh, no spiders for halloween, and probably no turkeys for thanksgiving.  i guess the other "3000" didn't get shipped yet?
patience my fellow doodlers', it will be worth the wait... loving mine so far :)
i agree, a little more communication would be nice but they are pretty good in at least responding every few days. some project creators don't post a thing for one month at a time and that's when it gets really aggravating.
@hfb :)
@hbf you are right in saying that delivering in time, or with a 1 to 2 months delay, for a very successful project like this one is exceptionnal. i'm less impress with the imprecisions in the planning and communications regarding shipping of the 2nd batch of october and november batches. wobbleworks is clearly a master in design and production, less so in logistic overview and communication in time of "crisis" (strong word, but you get my point i suppose). nobody's perfect, at least on ks ;-)
those weren't random projects at all either. they were project either you or i backed (except for instacube, which is a complete disaster). you also have only backed two projects and i can see why you would start worrying as your only experience is with ouya and that's unfortunate as there are others that are good. all my projects have been delayed some amount and of the 23 i've backed, only 3doodler had an actual product delivered to even one backer on time. i have yet to see one massively overfunded project deliver on time other than the first two deliveries of backers for 3doodler. if you can point me to any massively overfunded (greater than 1000% funding) hardware project that delivered everything as expected, i'll retract everything and issue an apology. if you can't, well, then maybe you should be patient and look at the data.
okay, if you say they were shipped on time, find me one that was 7000% more funding than intended and still delivered all of them on time. i'm curious which massively overfunded project delivered on time that you found. please show. none of those projects i mentioned were questionable as they all had working prototypes just like 3doodler. please clarify your arguments.
@hfb you see, i really do not need to care about all those projects you mentioned at all. there are plenty of projects right here which was, in fact, shipped in time. so...? why should i wait (or try to wait) for 52 weeks? why, for starters, would i invest in a questionable project? following that logic, right now i need to pick a random dozen of shady projects and wait for an inevitable "unfortunately, we are delaying your shipment for eternity. sorry for the inconvenience." then i will fully grasp what it means to wait for a long time.  sorry, but i do not have this in plans. once is happenstance. twice is coincidence. thrice ... well, you know the rest. p.s. oh and yes, i do not believe in luck
andrew, why don't you just assume you'll get it just before christmas and temper your "i want it now" expectations? you think people are being excessively optimistic? why don't you go look up a few of these kickstarter projects and see how delayed they are for even the first deliveries if they even got to that point: pebble smartduino instacube these others weren't delayed nearly as bad but were still delayed a few months, not weeks as we are now and again, they haven't even delivered a single product whereas ww clearly made it for the first couple of thousand: nuplug buccaneer robo 3d cumcam5 the fact that the first 2000-3000 have been shipped and that very few, if any, have catastrophic failures points to supplier/shipping delays that were unforeseen and shouldn't take very long. yes, you are correct that timescales are relative to each person and to ww. what's very long to you and what is it to ww? to them, it's very likely a few weeks. your expectation is just a few days it seems before you start being demanding. again, temper your expectations and just assume a "horrible" delay of just before christmas for the remaining october backers and then you'll be happy when it comes earlier. the problem is, it's already a "horrible" delay at just 2-3 weeks for you so convincing you otherwise is kind of silly. try waiting 52+ weeks for delivery of even the first, or in the case of instacube, a failed project with little to no recourse for backers that were swindled from their money. you're extremely lucky to have backed a project that got their first 2000+ items out on time. a supplier/shipping delay down the road is expected at these quantities and holding their feet to the fire for their original delivery date, especially when it's clearly stated that it's an estimate, is kind of harsh don't you think? i assume you have never once been late on a project for school or work and never underestimated the time it would take for you to finish any projects right? just because they went over 7814% of their goal doesn't mean they're not going to be affected by supplier/manufacturing/shipping delays. it just means they have to scale up production while doing their best to meet their original deadlines, which almost never happens.
@amanda a, i am also very happy for all those people who got their items, but wouldn't you agree that giving "false hopes" 3 times a row is a bit over the edge? you mentioned ouya, well, that record is soon to be broken, i fear. "super close" is a relative term, i wouldn't call a delay this long to be a super close, and i bet there are people over there who thinks the same way. lets have a look at original post: //"i can confirm that the goods are on their way first to hong kong" - which means they did not even reach departure point. add "x" days to process them an hong kong and "y" to have shipment reach your place. //"keep in mind that of the 3,000 not all are processed for onward shipping in a single day"  - this basically means that only a part of 2nd batch was processed. - you were asking from where all this sarcasm was from. and how large is this part? and you mentioned: //"ww clearly just stated that the difference between all 3000 units would be a couple days at most" - is that so? well, i guess we'll see if that's correct. all in all, i do not see any reason for such excessive optimism.
@tim/jodie : they said in a comment a little ways down this page, the pens are on the way to shipping now. based on the previous tracking number scenario, i would guess that we will receive tracking numbers sometime late next week or early the next. that being said, i don't really care about my tracking number, since my pen is about to ship/is shipping! @andrew, where are you getting this nonsense about partial partial batches taking ages? ww clearly just stated that the difference between all 3000 units would be a couple days at most. besides, compared to ouya or some of things i have backed, this kickstarter is doing great. they may have been delayed, but they do keep us informed as best they can, they are still super close to the date, they aren't retailing until we get our pens... generally pretty awesome, in my opinion. yes, i am a little saddened by the delay, but at the same time, i fully anticipated the whole project being delayed til next year when i backed, so i am happy people have their pens, even if mine is delayed.
not worried. don't need it today. confident that it will arrive and i will love it! these things take time and good things come to those who wait. :-) awesome product that will be fun to create with!
jeez!!! $60 in vat/customs?  that is what we call protectionism! i hope its not for one unit only?
why i still not received my 3doodler? it said estimated time should be october? and i don't have any tracking information for parcels.
copenhagen: i could pick it up in the local post office yesterday. exciting moment!. had to pay 361 dkk ~60 usd in customs/vat did the first objects with abs. nice! only the fan irritates - sounds like the rotor is scratching on the innner side of the housing and makes a huge noise. pressing the housing on the back of the pen reduces a bit. can this be solved?
@jody porter, the so-called "2nd october batch" which consists of apr. 3000 backers is yet to be fully processed and shipped, so yes, considering a ~20 days delay, you should already have been worried to some degree.
should all october backers have received notification of their 3doodler being shipped, or have some october items still not been sent yet?  just wondering when to start worrying! :)
@wobbleworks llc., it is not a conjecture when you "guessing" 3 times in a row to no avail. sorry.
oh... come on already... another week to "process", another to "provide a tracking number". thats for a first batch of second batch of october backers. then, another week of preparation to dispatch to shipping to first of the second half of the second part of 2nd batch.... i already told that some of us would not be able to receive the goods if is send like this... by the end of november... and those last post from ww means nothing more, if anything at all. another week to dispatch, another to track... i do not know whether to laugh or to cry.
at last: i have my pen (had to pay vat at customs) and just tried it. it's great fun! but i have to practice a lot. but that's part of the fun. my wife now has here name written with abs. ;)
the pen arrived today uk, great fun so far although its a bit harder to use then it looks and im having a little problem with it stopping 20-30 seconds of continuous use, it flows then stops even though the fan and motor are working but little push from the back gets it going again maybe it just needs a bit of use? maybe something else? anyone else have the same problem?
running a small business myself, i understand the many logistical problems that can come up, particularly when ramping up production and delivery in a small facility or with limited personnel.  however, when shipments are delayed (as they have been, here), and customers seem annoyed/irate/angry (as many are, here), that's when customer service really needs to step up, and proactively address concerns in a timely manner.  wobbleworks has been doing a phenomenal job getting production, assembly, etc., on track, despite the delays these last few weeks - it's just the communications that have been lacking. i appreciate everything you guys have done, and look forward to getting my tracking number (i'm in the 2nd october batch), so that i can follow my pen as it moves through the u.s.!
woohoo! i wish we could "like" comments on here. i don't care if my pen is the last to be processed, if it's on it's way, that's awesome.
@all, conjecture is a dangerous thing. i can confirm that the goods are on their way, first to hong kong and then through various means (depending on country) to the final october backers. sit tight, we're on the road to scheduling supremacy again and you'll have your pens soon. keep in mind that of the 3,000 not all are processed for onward shipping in a single day, and also keep in mind that to date it's taken about a week to process all trackers.
unfortunately, it's looking like andrew was right about a delay meaning a series of delays :(
i am willing to wait! thank you wobble works for all you are doing behind the scenes.
well, something seems to be wrong with shipping of october 2nd batch again! so i suppose it will be "we should be able to ship next week"?
my october pen arrived on the 12th november in uk.
well we are now officially friday (at least in my timezone, which is the same as many parts of the us) so our 3doodlers are scheduled by the end of this week (so i pressume today, as it is unlikely they would ship them on a weekend). hoping to hear from you soon @wobbleworks !
@bruce lol yea amanda has been very active, i can recall having seen other people confuse her with ww staff in the past. i've tried to be active in the comments but we are stuck 16 days waiting :/ (i am from the 2nd october batch)
@diego, lol. that's what i love about the internet.  community!
@d bruce i think amanda does not work for wobbleworks, she just wanted to answer your question
thanks, hope so.  i'm leaving nov. 30 for a month.  i've been in your position before of having to say "this week" for 3 weeks or more in a row... lots of variables, huh?  you guys were thrown into a much bigger production than you anticipated.
@bruce: they should be shipping this week.  i don't think they've been shipped yet, but they're close.
so all october orders have been shipped and we're just waiting for tracking numbers?  i was just wondering if there was further delay in shipping.  thanks!  can't wait to get my doodler.
tracking numbers on october batch 1 didn't go out till 5-7 days after the units were sent. alot of folk actully got their pens before their numbers. its down to the number of units, amount of staff and the bits that were explained by ww all ready and that they have to then wait for all the numbers to be fed back to them, designated to the right person on a database and then mass mailed to all backers from that tier.
how’s it coming for shipping the rest of the october orders?  it’s mid-november and i was one of the second wave october backers, but no tracking number yet.
@sabine, i have all of those except the gold one, about half in 3mm for my doodler and the rest (plus some of the ones i have in 3mm also) in 1.75mm. i will run as many as i can and give you some feed back. their shipping is quite high for international but they really do have the best pla in europe and by far the best range of colours anywhere. also you always get a free 5m sample of a random colour for every order (which is alot of free doodle time!) its not too bad here as they are only about 15 miles away from my house!  plus, like you said, if your buying from europe then you dont have all the customs issues and charges as vat is already paid since we are all part of the eu and plastic filament looks like plastic filament on xray so no need for any checks to ensure the contents are correct like you get with some things like some electrical devices. if you buy plastic from the us or asia then your subject to (still pretty high shipping), long delays due to limited eu international entry hubs and of course vat/import tax and whatever the carrier decides to stick you for just for them tapping some numbers into a computer and sticking the dreaded "charges due" to the box! (so any sales tax + international shipping which can take a while as it would likely be sent as low priority + at least 20% if your order is over £15/15euro + £12 (or similar) for handling + a long wait while it is processed). i spoke to royal mail this morning and they confirmed that my pen entered the uk from switzerland on friday but late so it was not processed till monday pm. it entered customs clearing on tuesday for checking to ensure it is what it says on the box and that its nothing that shouldn't be sent in the mail, they said it should enter the royal mail system in the next 48 hours (maybe even today or in the morning tomorrow) and then get delivered the next postal day (but because of the weekend, that means if it clears tomorrow (friday) afternoon then it wont enter royal mail till monday. still, at least its in the uk and not too far away now... excited! hopefully it goes through eu customs without a problem and into the mail system then delivery asap. what is weird is that swiss post didn't update their tracking on it till today! its also not track-able on the rm website using the swiss post number.  i think some countries must give packages new numbers when they enter or get assigned a temp number while in the hands of customs, as i cant track online now till it clears the boarder and enters the uk mail system, swiss post prob wont update till 2 weeks after it arrives if their "world class" tracking system up till now is anything to go by....
my october 3doodler was delivered yesterday (uk, no customs due). hurrah!
@cindy: you should have already received it. it would have come from cs@the3doodler.com . the survey would be closed by now, so you can probably mail your address and phone number (they asked for phone in the second survey) to the email address above.
i am an october backer and haven't even gotten an email/survey about my shipping address. when is that going to happen?
german customs answered: i can fetch my 3doodler. yeah! now i just have to figure out how and when i can get there.
@nial: i wish you luck so that you get your 3doodler in a few days. thanks for your detailed info of your plastic experience. i can confirm that the black abs plastic is a pain in the ass with the 3doodler according to my experience with it (jams every time). but on the weekend i will buy some aceton as mentioned on the faq page so it will be cleaned overnight. the colors i am interested in are: architect's stone bling bling gold robot silver pearly white galaxy blue princely purple lapis blue space marine glacial blue mercury red i know it's a lot but i am not sure how it will look on my invatations due to the paper color (orange). what's also interesting is, that ww is charging 3$ for shipment and faberdashery is 8,9 pounds and they are closer to austria but i guess that i won't have to pay customs when i purchase faberdashery plastic. but now the benefital exchange rate of dollars and euros are also a reason i purchase the plastic from ww for testing...
yay! my doodler is finally back on the radar and in the uk! but boo! its stuck in customs.. @sabine, i find black filament to be the most problematic on regular 3d printers (in both abs and pla) with it being a pain to find the right melting temp to keep it flowing well but without boiling it or jamming the hotend (on a 3d printer its likely easier to clear as i just bump the temp up if it jams to melt the excess that has accumilated in the hotend). i think its to do with the pigments they use to dye the plastics, certanly i have found various colours from the same maker "like" different temps for perfect printing but thats only really applicable to a full 3d printer as the plastic has to be just right to get good results and even layers, bridges and corners etc...  i imagine on the doodler its not really an issue except maybe (it sounds like) with black coloured plastic. im not sure what the temps have been set at for pla or abs mode but i print most pla at 175-185 degrees but black (and some other really dye-heavy colours like deep purple and bright red often need 195-205 degrees to get an even flow. on the doodler im guessing its just going to be trial and error to find the colours that work best and of course different plastic sources also cause huge variations sometimes in temps especially cheap plastics (abs more than pla) i only use faberdashery for pla for printers and have used most of their colours. i have never had to go over 200 degrees with their pla (despite their product info). however, i have not used 3mm filament before as my printers are setup for 1.75mm, i guess that 3mm may need a higher temp then 1.75mm but i think it will still be ok and problem free. i have a whole range of colours from them in 3mm cut up into 10" lengths and ready to go as soon as my pen arrives so once it gets here i will run a few lengths of the included plastic through it to make sure everything is ok using their tried and tested stock and then will run some faberdashery pla through... what colours were you interested in? let me know as i likely have them and will give you some feedback as soon as my pen finally arrives. i dont foresee any issues with their stock, its fantastic pla, the best i have come across by a long way. i will let you know.
i got my pen yesterday! so far so good, it appears to be easier to make things in 2d, and then stick them together (certainly while trying to make something a specific shape, like a phone cover), but i assume that with some practice, that should get sorted. good work wobble works! and i didn't have to pay import duty, possibly because of the shipment method, when it arrived in ireland it appeared to have shipped from switzerland.
@fe i can confirm that the 3doodler has the ce certificate on it and in the manual which is also in german so there should be no problem. i guess you also have to send them the amazon payment e-mail and the kickstarter e-mail because there is no invoice attached. if they say that's something wrong than it's the german customs because i received mine pretty fast after i send them the requested paperwork (i am from austria).
thanks amanda a. :)
@hector - you won't have a tracking number until it ships out. if you're an october backer, it should ship this week.  i think they mentioned a while back that it'll take a few days to get a tracking number after it ships because they have to match up 3000 numbers and backers.
for those in the usa that got theirs, did you get a tracking number?  i got an email a few weeks ago asking me to confirm my address but never got any followup email with a tracking number.
three day down, 2 to go.
my experience with customs in germany so far: no answer to my e-mail from saturday. i phoned today and they told i had to send them an e-mail (other address) with the permission to open the packaging and an exemption from liability if something's broken. they answered right back, that the 3doddler has to be "examined" and that i should call back on 2013-11-19. i think this has to do with the ce certificate. it's really annoying. are other german backers having similar experiences? p.s.: on 2013-06-25 i wrote this comment: "i really hope the 3doodler has a ce certificate to avoid problems (like pebble had) with customs in europe."
@wobbleworks llc. i really do hope so.
:)  i <3 wobbleworks ppl! goodjob! i hope to receive mine soon~~
andrew - just to give you an insight into logistics and why we are only able to say "this week" and "end of the week" at this stage: the pens go from our factory to our logistics partner. in doing so they cross customs. with some units this has taken 1hr, with others we experience a two day delay (depending on the volumes at customs that day). on arrival with our logistics partner they are packed with your plastic. the packing rate is close to 2,000 units a day, but keep in mind that only some will be packed in time for the noon shipment window, some for the 4pm shipment window, and others will be packed and ready to roll but sadly won't make it out the door until the morning after. what we have set up is efficient and very impressive to watch in action, but you also have to recognise that if customs takes longer than expected, and your pen is at the end of the run it could take three days until it is on its way to you. if the logistics angels are on our side then they can get out the same day they leave the factory. it's luck of the draw. but what i can confirm is that production is in full swing and we'll be shipping out units by the end of the week. hold tight, we're almost there.
@nial pearce you sounded as if i was demanding this compensation. it was a suggestion. that's all. it is already 17 days (and counting) since the planned shipment, so its not 2 weeks, either. but that's not the problem. the problem is the absence of the specific date of _shipment_. support told me about middle of this week (and right now its out of the question, i suppose), ww said a vague "this week". and, according to them, supplier is "all right" as of now. it is really the time to say "we _will_ ship the last october batch by 15.11.2013", but this is not happening for some reason... i could only think of another delay being on its way.
yesterday evening i tried the 3doodler. it was a lot of fun though it jamed two times (always when i switch from black to another color - anyone else who had troubles with black color?). but as described on the website i removed the tip and used a lighter to heat up the plastic in the tip and removed it. i doodled the doghouse of snoopy because my sister is a big peanuts fan and on saturday we celebrate her birthday. therefore i will doodle snoopy and maybe woodstock too (depends on time). i almost ran out of red plastic so i guess i will place some new plastic order soon (already placed one for pla because i have abs now). it's fun to use but a bit tricky. you need to practice espescially when you draw just in the air. when i finished my doodle i will upload some pictures. i was so happy with it and time flew. mostly i am tired around 10 pm and go to sleep but not yesterday - i was happy doodling :) next i think i try the the eiffel tower... @nial: when you get your 3doodler will you try the plastic from faberdashery? i'm thinking about bying plastic there because they have some really nice colors i want to try for my wedding invatations but in the plastic specification they say that it need to be heated at 210 °c (+/- 8°c). the 3doodler heats pla with 190 - 200 °c. i am new to 3d printing and have no idea if this will work. if you try can you please tell me your impressions?
two day down, 3 to go.
@nial the swiss post site had updated to say it had arrived at the border of the destination country. so i checked the irish post site (using the same tracking number) and they had given it a new tracking number and showed it moving around inside ireland. it all appears to be sorted now. i should have it tomorrow / thursday. the swiss post site now says it has cleared customs in the destination country. so far no sign of any import duties!
@peter - how did you find out it had been moved to returns? (who put it there, swiss post or the post office/delivery partner?
just to let you all know, my pen which shipped on the 24 october (1st oct shipment), has made it to ireland, having checked the tracking number regularly, i found out it had just been moved to a returns location (part of my address must have been missing), but i think i've sorted it and should get it in the next couple of days. but at least they have arrived in europe!
one day down, 4 to go?
@rolf-dieter klein: could you please tell what customs needed in order to process the sending? and how much did it cost?
@diego - all the information has been provided.  they (wobbleworks) will not be able to give you a definate date when your pen will arrive. from the 1st october batch some people (mostly asia) had theirs a few days after dispatch on the 18th while others in europe and the rest of the world are only just starting to receive theirs with alot of people from the october 18th batch still waiting for entry to their country and/or customs which will vary on a country to country basis and not on the courier used. peru falls under the "rest of world" category so will be sent by standard airmail (as stated by ww in an earlier update). @andrew - to up everyone to an express service would cost a fortune! you can hardly call for "compensation" for a delay of 2 weeks on a project with 26,000 backers and a brand new product! this is kickstarter, its amazing that they are where they are and the delays are not down to them but a problem with the shipping partner. i dont know what month you are due to be shipped in, but if october then they are only 2 weeks behind, if november then you have nothing to complain about as the november rewards are going to be shipped during november as promised. if you are in the 2nd october batch then they have said that pens will be dispatched this week. if you are in a november or december batch then they are on track for shipping on time. the last few tiers will easily ship on time and its likely they may get out a little early as production ramps up.
@diego perfectly understandable. i suppose we should stick to "default date" which is "by friday" - 15 november. the support wasn't also clear enough in their answers, assuming that shipments will go out "mid-next week". i doubt we will get some sort of dhl express, considering 10$ surplus pledge... but this certainly will be welcomed as a compensation for these delays.
@james chu: depends on your pledge. the 1st october batch was already shipped and the second is about to be shipped soon. i was in the 1st october batch and i received the servey e-mail approximate 2 weeks before the shipping date and i was asked to update the shipping information within a week so they can ship the 3doodler. you may also check the spam folder of your mail program - may it was marked as spam though it is not. the e-mail was their custom service e-mail  cs@the3doodler.com - may consider to put this to your contacts so it won't be marked as spam.
where is the address survey before shipping? i recently move to new place.
@nial you used a lot of words like "i am guessing", "i believe", "should be". i already know that, my comment was with the objective of them (wobbleworks) answering my question with 100% certainity, because while dhl takes 8 days to arrive to perú, standard mail takes about 30-45 days, and that difference is considerable.
i got a call from my mother (used her address as shipping address because she is most of the time at home) that i received a package from the customs. had to pay 29 euros but i finally received my 3doodler. sadly i am at work and can't try it. maybe tomorrow evening when i'm lucky and won't have to work too long. but still i'm so excited!!! the tracking system of swiss post haven't updated yet but the amazon payments and kickstarter e-mail was all what was needed for the customs.
@diego - read the comment under yours posted by wobbleworks just a few hours before you... the 2nd october batch will be shipping this coming week (in the next 7 days) and were held up for a couple of weeks but are now back up and running again and following months should also be on time or even quicker as they ramp their production numbers up. delivery depends on where you live and has already been explained several times... usa - hybrid service by dhl forwarding to usps for delivery asia, aus and nz - courier (dhl i believe) europe and canada - swiss post (standard tracked and insured airmail) rest of world - standard tracked and insured airmail. once the 2nd batch of october rewards ship then apparently november wont be far behind as i am guessing stock is starting to catch up. length of time of delivery will vary drastically depending where you live. usa backers in the 1st october batch got theirs in 7-10 days, asia was even faster in alot of places but europe seems to have some issues as most of us here have not received our pens yet. this is down to the massive backlogs of shipping in china caused by hk post shutting their doors to international mail for 3 weeks due to some cheap lipoly batteries catching on fire and new screening protocols being bought in.
@wobbleworks is there any date you can give us for the second batch of october backers? i am also very interested in the courier you will be using. thanks!
as per our messages to some of you, the two weeks delay was caused by a supplier error. this is regrettable but all is back on track, and assuming all goes to plan we'll be ramping up and shipping to the late october backers this coming week and the november backers shortly thereafter. we'll have you all 3doodling asap.
it arrived here in germany safe, very well designed, nice package -- great -- congratulation.
@fe - the two "departed transit country" dates are when it left hk (it says singapore as thats where their asia operations are based) the second date will be when it arrived in switzerland and was re-sorted and sent on to the destination country (germany for you). sounds like you will have your pen fairly soon depending on how long customs take to process your paperwork and work out the tax charges, your lucky! mine hasn't been updated since the 24th when it was posted in hong kong... swiss post keep changing their story every time i contact them and currently have no idea where my package actually is! other people in europe from the same batch (october 1st 2000 group) have received theirs without issue but un-tracked until delivered while others have had theirs stopped by customs and held (like yours) till an invoice has been forwarded.
btw, i forgot to make clear, the email you get asking you to update shipping details is not from kickstarter. it should be from "the 3doodler team" via mailchimp/mcsv.net/list-manage2.com. at least my november one was from here, so i'm guessing they used the same thing for the october ones. this means if you received the kickstarter emails including the survey request but never received the request to update your shipping details or anything else and are in october, it could be that your email system is having problems with mailchimp emails. if they aren't in your spam inbox, perhaps they are being rejected outright. (and if you've updated your email address on kickstarter since the campaign, i'm not sure whether they would have registered this so make sure you check your older email address if you still have access to it.)
@amanda a was answered the same thing, but i must say that i'm a little bothered by the lack of transparency and details about this "processing problem" that is going to generate ar least 2-3 weeks of delays. don't get me wrong, a 1 or even 2 months delay in ks for a campaign of this size is an exceptional performance, but a little bit more communication on this precise matter would be appreciated.
@jackson - they've mentioned a couple times that the second batch of october shipments was delayed.  i also emailed them (as did at least one other person who commented here), and was told they are now aiming to ship the middle of next week, due to a delay in processing.
what in the heck is going on. i was supposed to receive my 3doodler in october and still have not received it. this is getting ridiculous.
off topic: in thane's comment regarding the projects nial backed i read about the qu-bd 3d printer. i'm really intrigued. but what about my plans to save some money? can i hold thane and nial responsible for going broke? ;)
my 3doodler has been shipped 2013-10-24, departed a transit country the same day, and got mailed again 2013-10-28. what the heck? the tracking is really confusing. but now it's finally only a few kilometers/miles away: stuck in german customs. :(  the invoice is missing on the outside of the parcel. i mailed customs if the receipt from amazon payments would suffice and if any other documents are missing (e.g. a ce-certificate) i also asked wobbleworks about the ce-certificate. i will report back here about what's necessary to get the 3doodler out of customs in germany. like nial pearce wrote down below: wobbleworks should attach all necessary documents (customs declaration form, pro forma invoice, ce-certificate) to the outer packaging. this would save the later backers (and wobbleworks) a lot of hassle and time.
i just want you guys at ww to know that i feel that you are doing a fantastic job with ur planning and execution of this project. i have backed a  few projects till now and i have seen updates and comments and tracked a few projects that i liked but didnt back, some of them having similar number of backers as you guys. you guys have nailed it with your delivery estimations. people are loving the product. your updates always are making me as a backer feel that i'm gonna get a good product on time so great job with selecting the partners who ur working with for manufacturing. u guys are the bees knees.
my bad, of course i have gotten that survey months ago with the shipping details and the pla/abs question. i also got the one with the question of whether i want more plastic. but i haven`t gotten anything since then about when i am gonna get my stuff, no estimated shipping date or anything like that. i guess i need to contact them.
@thane - your most welcome! thats a great project and certanly worth backing if your in the market for a nice low cost printer from a decent company, ideal for a first printer or as a secondary/backup for smaller models using pla (which is why i am in on it). it is indeed an obsession. 3d printing has fascinated me since it first appeared at a price that most people can afford. am looking forward to adding that little beauty to my bench with my reprap's as well as the 3doodler when it arrives! its a good way of finding cool projects by clicking on other backers who are in on the same project as you, as they likely have at least some similar tastes. @people asking about surveys - you would of got the initial survey earlier in the year asking for basic details.  if you are an october backer you would of had an email from wobbleworks during october with the estimated shipping date on it. you would of also of received at least 1 more email from ww about the october 2nd batch delay. as people have already mentioned, it sounds like the 1st november address/phone number confirmation surveys have also gone out now.  once your pen is shipped you will get an email about 4-7 days later with your tracking number (but your pen might already arrive by then if you are in asia, aus, nz or the us. check your spam box (its where my survey ended up for some reason) if you cant find them then best to email wobble works on their customer service email (cs@the3doodler.com) asap to ensure they have your details etc...
michel baumann: what do you mean no survey? you should have received a survey request a long time ago (near the end of april) from kickstarter asking you to fill in address and choose between abs and pla and also choose whether to be in the hall of fame and what name you want. afaik these were all sent out at more or less the same time regardless of when you 3doodler was due, and are a standard part of kickstarter the creator can (and did in this case) use. if you never filled yours in, there should still be note in kickstarter on most or all pages something like: reward survey! wobbleworks llc. needs some info to deliver your reward for 3doodler: the world's first 3d printing pen. even now. (i had that note until i filled it in a few minutes ago although i don't know if there's any point filling it in this late.) if you didn't fill this in and it's not still there, something must have gone wrong with kickstarter. this would likely explain why you also received no request to update your shipping details. as i've said, i received such a request even though my shipping details were empty since i never filled in the survey. and i'm in november. so i suggest you contact wobbleworks asap. it doesn't sound like your problems have anything to do with the shipping delays because you should have received the survey, long before the 3doodler was even ready to ship. and if you never received the survey, this likely means for some reason you weren't properly recorded as a backer hence why no contact. even if you did receive the survey and simply forgot, if you really never received the request to update your shipping details (double check the email including any spam inbox), i would still contact wobbleworks since afaik the shipment delay should not have stopped you receiving the request to update your shipping address. as i've said, i received mine as a november backer. (i think you should have also received emails telling you about the delays.) it's possible the email is just lost. in which case, provided the shipping address you filled in for the survey was correct, you should be fine. however there's no way to know what went wrong so i would check with them anyway. ironically the shipping delays may actually help you here since it may if you're lucky they can still find you in to the next (last?) october batch.
@michel - from the sounds of it, the late october shipment has been delayed to next week.  they had planned to ship this week, and then it must have been pushed further back, since andrew received an email that said mid-next week.  while the delay is inconvenient, i'm still excited to get my pen!
hi there, october backer here. so far i haven`t heard anything, no survey, no shipping notification no email. should i start nto worry? the 3doodler is supposed to be a christmas gift, so i am not that much in a hurry, but i would feel a lot better if i knew what`s up!
sorry something was mia there. i meant to say: i'm another november backer (specifically the $99 level) who received an email dated "sat, 26 oct 2013 23:55:56 +0000" asking me to update my delivery address. the email was similar to that posted by anežka bubeníčková. incidentally, if you have problems with the links in the email (e.g. errors when you open them), try opening the link that says "view this email in your browser" and use the links from there.
just to let people know, i'm another november backer (specifically the $99 level) dated "sat, 26 oct 2013 23:55:56 +0000" asking me to update my delivery address. the email was similar to that post by anežka bubeníčková
don't mind waiting (that is ks life), but the reasons given for the second october batch not being sent on the october 28th, and november 3rd like it was announced are very blurry?
comments add character to unknown personalities. even negative, childish comments give us insight into their other comments and opinions. nial's 3d printing obsession let me check out nial's other backed projects where i found and backed qu-bd 3d printer. thanks nial!
andrew, why don't you contact them directly? they very clearly stated that they don't check the comments here often and getting in touch directly via e-mail or pm is the best way. asking every day on here in the comments when they don't read them much because they're really busy is like a kid asking their parents "are we there yet?" "are we there yet?" "are we there yet?" "are we there yet?" "are we there yet?" "are we there yet?" "are we there yet?" instead, it's andrew asking "where's my pen? what's up with shipping?" "where's my pen? what's up with shipping?" "where's my pen? what's up with shipping?" "where's my pen? what's up with shipping?" every single day.
@jared sobel, and i've just received information that shipping is delayed to the next week: "we were hoping to have all the pens ready to ship by today, but it looks like they'll go out mid-next week instead." also, on the contrary, this wasn't my first backed project, so i am very well aware what happens when you get one delay after another. do not want to post? it is your right. as a backer i have a right to ask when the shipment is actually planned, but i do not see you being respectful to a fellow backer, which is a bit sad... but i'll manage.
@andrew, stop complaining already. this was my first backed project on kickstarter and i know not to expect on time delivery. the fact that they were almost on time is pretty cool to me. am i upset that i don't have my pen yet? yes, but you don't see me continually posting on here for no reason. grow up and have some patience, you will get your pen.
with the delays i need to change my shipping address due to relocating to another country...sent a message to wobbeworks on kickstarter, hope i get a reply soon.
@wobbleworks llc. what is the current situation? its 8 days past october and you still have not stated a clear date for the next shipment.
am heading up tomorrow to catch up with some folk, check out some new gear for my printers and hopefully get a go on a 3doodler. (and check out the mental 3d printed car they have there!) i dont see it as one or another, but as a useful addition to my printers for adding freehand details to prints and for just having fun with by its self and making some cool little models and letting the kids use it with me so they can draw a picture with pencils/pens and then trace over it and teach them about 3d design (in a very simple and easy way). i also have a couple of ideas for a selection of little models i want to try out by creating templates (in some cases from pictures and drawings i allready have) and then build the sides up, fix together and then add the extra details. i also really love, own and print my own stikfas/modibot type modular figures and think the doodler will be fantastic for adding little bits to them and for making addons quickly without having to boot up the pc, mess around with cad and then warm up the printer and print for a piece that will take 60 seconds to print. in fact i think i will take a stikfas figure or modibot with me tomorrow and see if the guys will let me have a go at doodling onto an existing printed model.
had a go at the 3d print show today for around 5-10 mins,really good fun but not sure if it's gonna get much real use when i get mine,think i'll stick to 3d printing
and the fact that the majority of people inside the eu who had their pens shipped on the 18th of october are still yet to appear!  tracking is useless and this kind of wait is stupid. i am heading to the 3d print show in london on saturday and despite my pen being dispatched 3 weeks ago it will likely be the first time i see a 3doodler 1st hand (unless by some miracle my pen shows up in tomorrows mail)
i hope i'll have luck and don't have to pay customs as soon as my doodler gets shipped.. it's so stupid we have to pay extra fees for stuff we just can't buy inside the eu.
@greg, well first the second october batch has to get sent which is looking like next week or the week after to me. from there i estimate about a week to two weeks to the november shipment, and if it is split into two shipments then one week in between the two different shipments. note i have no fact or anything backing this theory up beyond my own intuition from the plans to ship the current pens and what ww has said they had planned to do before all the delays kicked in.
i haven't been very active (i know that october 2nd batch hasn't been sent out though) but when does the november batch get their pens? uk backer and getting very, very excited. the survey deadline ended back on the 4th, so usually how long is it after a survey that pens start to ship?
@sabine - ok fair enough. i know the pebble was the hardest hit product on here for missing customs documents (in germany particully) and if the amazon reciept worked for that then should be ok. my point is still valid tho and ww should have attached these documents to all the packages before shipping as it would save alot of messing about finding 9 month old invoices and the hassle and time to get them to the customs offices. still nothing here :(  the information swiss post customer service gave me indicated that the package should be on its 2nd leg of the trip (the part where it travels through the eu) and should of picked up a couple of extra events on the tracking but nothing has changed since it left singapore on the 24th of october. i am now pretty sure that it is coming directly to the uk and is not a fully traceable package and will only update on delivery of the pen exactly as robbie experienced a couple of days ago here in the uk (and im guessing quite a few more who dont check these comments boards). if so its just a case of waiting for the post office to deliver or wait for a letter to say vat is due before they can deliver and go from there. fingers crossed for tomorrows post as i have 6 or 7 other packages incoming that will be here tomorrow and i have to wait in to sign for from 3 different carriers, so hopefully it will be in one of the deliveries to before lunchtime tomorrow. has anyone spoken to wobbleworks and found out what the part is that has partly caused the delay on batch 2 from october?  is it something that is effecting pen's that have shipped and causing any problems with the first 2100 pens (as some people have mentioned various faults)?
@andrew, why don't you try emailing them for an answer?
@wobbleworks llc. , in the latest update you stated that you are aiming to ship oct 2 batch this week. tomorrow is friday, so i assume this week is out of the question. so i need to ask once again:   when these doodlers are going to be shipped? next week, month, ...?
@nial: wobble works noted in their e-mail that another backer send this infor to the customs and it was ok. a friend of mine who backed the pebble also sended this info and got his. i don't know how the british customs be like but for austiran they just want to know the amount you paid so they can calculate the fee which needed to be paid for import which depends on the actual amount. as soon as i get my 3doodler or another letter from the customs i will let you know.
@all, we are close to resolving the issue. to elaborate, it had to do with a delay on a single component and processing of the delivery on the supplier side. unfortunately unavoidable even with our extensive forward planning. this is highly regrettable and rest assured we want nothing more than to get you your pens as soon as possible. we simply ask for your patience and we'll hopefully be able to give you some positive news in a matter of days. we are also taking steps to ensure this cannot happen again. @keith is spot on, we've had our heads down getting this sorted as quickly as possible to that we can ship to you and get you doodling. our systems are much better set up to handle emails to cs@the3doodler.com and direct messages via kickstarter (in that order). we'll keep you posted on progress and we'll have your pens on their way to you as soon as humanly possibly. also, based on our production capacity this should have little if any impact on later shipments.
@aryeh - a little ways down this page, anežka b said they received their survey.  they are the only person to say so, so i'm not sure if that is the most accurate statement, as others are also asking what you are. i don't know anyone who backed in november, so i'm not sure. @keith - good point. their customer service email is cs@the3doodler.com .
does anyone know if wobbleworks sent out the survey to november backers?
guys, wobbleworks hasn't logged in here since october 30th and may not realize these comments have been posted. you may have a quicker response by contacting them directly using the 3doodler website or their customer support email.
@woobleworks there is little activity on your part at the moment regarding the amount of comments/complaints right now. any new information pleaase?
if there is no sales invoice attached to the outer packaging then there will be some serious problems for alot of backers at borders/customs! 3 things are required for electronic products to clear most eu customs... a correctly filled in customs declaration form, a copy of a ce certificate of conformity declared by the makers and a detailed invoice clearly listing the enclosed product with description and price matching the customs form. im pretty sure the invoice has to come from the business who sold you the product which is wobbleworks and not amazon. amazon were just the payment partner and effectively a 3rd party service (same as kickstarter) that wobbleworks had to pay, not us. also i think invoices require the business name, address and contact details on it. i'm not sure an amazon invoice (which is actually a receipt) will cut it. please let us know how you get on. @wobbleworks - can you clarify if you have done this? its a pretty important 3 pages of paper!
i got an letter from the austrian customs requesting an invoice. i will send them the amazon payments and kickstarter e-mails after contacting wobble works for an invoice which they will not send due to the fact that all payments were made via amazon. the last days i was ill so tomorrow i will return the info to the customs and hope that i won't have to pay a lot. and hopefully i will get my 3doodler next week.
hello all at 3doodler! i am part of the november backers and i have recently been having troubles with my email so i just wanted to make sure i havent missed the email you've been saying you will send out to confirm shipping details. really looking forward to receiving the pen, with all the updates it shows you've been doing some sterling work! thanks, adam.
@sebastian, i beg to differ. the ambiguous phrase "targeting next week for sending" and something like "we will send them by thursday" - these are two completely different things. the second one gives a valuable piece of information. it's up to you to decide whether this info would help you or not. @nial pearce //@andrew, its not down to wobbleworks. its the god awfull shipping out of china! but its down to ww to have an answer for that. if there is a delay, there is a reason for it. but there is no need for a fellow backer to know: "why?". my question is easier to ask, although a bit more hard to answer: "when?"
@nial - i've just realised i could use the tracking number from the packaging to check swiss post - according to their tracking nothing has happened to it since 24th october when it was mailed, arrived at border and departed from border (this is exactly what it's been saying since i first checked). i also tried royal mail and parcelforce tracking on packagetrackr.com (which is usually not bad for international tracking) and it shows nothing, however on the actual royal mail website it registered it as having been delivered by "special delivery guaranteed™ service". it was our normal royal mail postie who delivered it along with the rest of the post. i'd pop your tracking number into the royal mail website and see what it says.
@robbie - was it via a normal royal mail postman or was it parcel force that actually delivered it?
@andrew, its not down to wobbleworks. its the god awfull shipping out of china! they dispatched october batch 1 on time (in that they were packaged and left the factory to the shipper on the 18th) and as far as i am aware, the 2nd october batch is good to go but there has been a delay somewhere after they leave the factory. i think they are using a 3rd party shipping partner to pick, pack and ship so the delay on batch #2 departing is likely down to either them or just to the huge amount of backed up packages that were stuck in china due to the recent li-poly screening upgrade at various airport hubs. @robbie, thats good to hear and given me a bit of hope that it will get here soon as mine also said 24th october. if it does get here within 2 weeks then thats not too bad at all. the fact that my tracking hasn't updated since departing singapore is actually making me wonder if they are all just heading to the uk untracked until signed for on delivery. fingers crossed! @wobbleworks - are you guys going to be at the uk 3d print show in london at the end of the week? would love to meet you in person and either give you some feedback (if my pen is here by then) or get to try a doodler out (if it doesn't arrive by then).
uk backer, mine was in the 1st october batch.  i think i have deleted the tracking email, however it had said it was shipped on 24th october.  arrived today via royal mail, no customs.  if someone can remind me the sender of the tracking email i'll double check. that's 2 weeks, not bad at all. had a quick blast, fun to use, the noise is pretty unexpected but didn't attract much attention in my open plan office. looking forward to having a proper play tonight.
that's pretty childish, andrew. and it certainly won't help.
i'm sorry but i will post a new comment every day until i get clear statement on the 2nd october batch. the only thing that is worse than constant delays is the inequality.
@victor i'm also from the netherlands  i'm still waiting too, was shipped the 17th. in a week it went from hong kong to singapore. the tracking service is terrible in use with timeouts when trying to search the tracking code or details.
mine that is in the 1st october batch hasn't moved since it was sent.  ww said it was dispatched on the 18th but swiss mail say it wasn't posted till the 24th. so far the tracking system hasn't updated at all since the day it was sent which is a bit odd as it never takes this long for a fully tracked item to get into the eu without being logged. i think the guy i spoke to at swiss post is right and these have been sent by a low cost service and will take 20-30 working days from the date shown as "posted" on the tracking site. the 1st 100 backers all around the world (with a few exceptions) got theirs super quickly. and it seems like us and aus/nz and asia backers have mostly received thiers...
@diego. i am in the netherlands.
@wobbleworks have the pens been sent out yet (october - 2nd batch)? btw thanks for proccesing my special request promptly, i really appreciate it @victor where are you from? i have heard that alhough they did not ship on time, the delay was not drastical whatsoever
i am still waiting for my pen, first batch of 2000: shipped october 18? i seriously doubt it. it is november 5 now. the tracking website doesn't seem to update. i am not a very happy backer.
so, is october second batch been sent yet? did not received any indication of it!
ok, so i got mine and (a) the noise is not bad at all, i just wanted confirmation that it was normal.  and (b) it takes a bit of practice.  it's a great product and a lot of fun to play around with but like any other new creative outlet it's going to take a bit of time and wasted plastic to really get any sort of competence.
@andrew - they've said many times that they'll be shipping in the order that they were backed (first in first out, or fifo).  unless the delay is caused by a masked madman holding a pallet of pre-addressed october 3doodlers hostage, i cannot see any reason why they wouldn't ship october pens before the november pens.  that being said, i would also love to hear when they will ship. i wish you the best of luck with your postal service woes.  i'm lucky enough to be in the us where usps works consistently year-round. i can't imagine not receiving mail from mid-november to january.
any word on the second batch of october shipments? october backer here.. :-)
@wobbleworks, so i guess its a "by friday", then? please do shed some light on the matter. i know this is something from the category of fiction, but i would not be so surprised if nov batch will be shipped before 2nd october batch.
@egil & @diego i got the survey on oct 27 relevant contents: we will be shipping your pen in mid november, so please make any updates by monday 4th november.
@egill since they haven't yet dispatched the october-2nd batch ones i guess they still have not sent out the surveys for november. should not take too long though.
just out of curiosity, have the november surveys been sent out?
it was "jamming" a lot today, but i think i know why. after extruding a few mm/cm the doodler will automatically start retracting even though i have not released the button. it isn't supposed to do that unless you press both buttons together, or when you release a button then it should do it for a short distance.  bad button? something else (overheating protection maybe)?
yeah i decided to rtfm after i posted that..
there's a reverse mode. press both the fast and slow button together and the feeder will reverse the stick back up. however if your stick is too short it may not be reversed
@nial pearce .. the noise is definitely the fan, as it kicks in exactly when the fan starts spinning.  i will be attempting to remove and replace it as soon as possible.  sad, really, because i was looking forward to showing it off to my fellow employees in the studio, but there's no way i can do that now.  my makerbot has no steppers that sound like this.  that's more of a high pitch whine.  either way, it works great.  odd that there's no reverse mode however.  i'm stuck with brown pla until that stick is gone apparently...  still a very well build machine.  very impressed overall.
just spoke to swiss post customer services and this is what they have told me. (applies to most eu backers although entry countries may vary) my item was posted on the 24th of october (not the 18th). it left china on the 25th and is en-route to diezenbach, germany (the most harsh customs country in europe) where all eu entry paper work will be checked - i really hope all the paperwork is in order - it needs customs form to be filled in correctly, a copy of the invoice showing order details inc price and contents and the ce conformity document attached to the outside of the package) it will take 10-15 days to reach diezenbach from the origin location. it will pass through eu inbound customs and be re-sorted in diezenbach and then sent via germany's own postal system to the uk where it will again go through inbound customs before being handed off to royal mail or parcel force (could be either) who will deliver the item as a 1st class parcel to my local post office/sorting office where i will have to go and pay the charges and collect it from. the germany to my local sorting center leg of its trip will also take on average 10-15 days according to them making the whole trip 20-30 days + the time it takes for my local po or sorting center to send out a letter outlining the charges and giving details of how to pay and where to collect or i can wait a further 2 or 3 days to get it delivered that may incur a further handling charge (depends on country apparently). on their computer system (which takes into account all the factors of international shipping (delays, closures, current customs waiting periods, weather etc..) they have the estimated delivery date as the 15th of november!
@wobbleworks when the remaining oct batch will be shipped? on monday 04, or friday 08? it will make a huge difference for us international bakers.
although i have not heard it yet, the noise some of you are referring to sounds like it may be the same sort of problem nvidia had when they released their gtx460 and gtx480 graphics cards a few years back. they used a particular type of high efficiency cooling fan which was silent at up to about 75% speed but there upwards sounded like it was spinning a drum full of gravel around at 5000rpm (i know cause i still have mine in my pc and when i put a game on with high end gfx it gets pretty hot pretty quick and kicks in. as keith said, after a while your brain just tunes it out and you barely notice it. its like if you live in a house next to a busy road or under the flight path of an airport and you dont notice any noise but visitors always say "wow! how do you live with that noise?" if it is the extruder stepper then that noise also rings a bell with me, my 3d printer uses a melzi control board which has a 10k pot on each stepper driver to control power. sometimes when i run abs or a transparent pla the extruder stepper skips like crazy due to the back pressure on the hotend pushing the filament back and i have to stick a mini screwdriver in the pot and turn it up a little for more power (more heat works too but tends to bubble the plastic). i am interested to hear it in person. has anyone posted any video with audio yet of the problem?
hong kong post are shipping internationally again as i have received a couple of packages through them in the past week (one of which was sent on the 17th, a day before the first 2000 pens shipped) although these have only been packets and not boxes and much lighter). the whole li-poly battery fiasco at hong kong post (a couple of cheap li-polys caught on fire in the hkp sorting area in one of the airport frieght terminals in september and they were forced to upgraded their x-ray screening to catch packets with li-polys in and remove them & return to sender) has for sure made the whole shipping situation worse from asia but from what i understand from the few people i know who operate out of there, it is now just about back to normal at hkp and other carriers who took on the extra demand. the dhl global express i refer to is not the same (speed nor price) as express shipping. it is the same service being used to get pens to us backers. dhl carry the packages all destined for the us or europe or aus/nz on pallets of boxes containing the individual pre-labelled packages inside, on their air-freight services to a central location (in the eu it is normally holland or belgium) where they get sorted in the dhl terminal, and then boxes opened and packages dropped into the country's postal system where they enter the pretty quick internal eu mail system that is mostly over land or by short airline flights and arrive as packages as if they were sent via normal post. it misses the most expensive part of dhl/ups/fedex operations which is the sorting and delivering the packages when they get to their destination (lots of man hours and miles per package to sort 2 or 3 times and then deliver by their own trucks and then vans) and instead uses the local mail infrastructure which is far cheaper and becasue they have daily delivery routes and normal mail goingto most addresses 6 days a week and a far higher amount of staff and sorting houses per country, the cost is far far lower. a pcb company in the us have just started using the same service but under ups (ups mail innovations) and it has cut their door to door times down to 4-8 days from 7-28 days that it was via usps, since thier average order is only worth about $20-$30 and they have chosen to use it over the standard usps international service, it shows it must be a more cost effective way of shipping and keeps customers happy!  the same kind of results are seen from asia (texas instruments use the system for orders from their end user webstore where the avg value of a package is low (wholesale orders get sent by the full dhl/ups express service as they are much higher values) with again the time being cut from up to 28 days via hkp or china post, down to 4 to 8 days door to door using the hybrid system. since its the exact same system and account they are using for getting 3doodlers out of china and into the us (where it seems most backers have received their pens now) it would of surely made sense to have used them as just one single shipping partner making use of thier service world wide (to countries that it operates in anyway)
@nial: i think that both departments of swiss post are partially right. as far as i can tell from my experience with my tracking number, i would say that it was shipped to switzerland and there resorted because when it left hong kong there was only the ifnormation "hong kong to foreign country". then when it arrived at the austrian border it changed from foreign country to austria. so i guess there was a stop in switzerland for sorting and reshipping. and it left switzerland and arrived in austria. so i would say that you have to pay the custom fees in your country not to swiss post.  i will keep you up to date until i received mine.
@nial pearce, your confusion with postal service is understandable. unfortunately, from my experience, any kind of standard shipment from china/hongkong etc. will take ~month to be delivered (up to 1.5-2), especially when a whole bunch of "holidays" kicks in, and right now there are reports that hong kong post won't even export goods for 15 days for non-us shipping address... and yes, any kind of express shipping and its analogs (such as usps priority, usps express in us, dhl express, fedex etc) would cost a lot more than mere 10$. but again, if those 1-month+ are really taking place, perhaps they should have provide a choice between an express "10-days" and a standard "30-days" shipping during surveys, with additional costs being covered by additional payments via paypal or something like that. i am sure there was a way. and i would gladly pay an additional 20$ just to get my october-now-november (oh, cruel fate, i did not get to cheat you this time by switching from nov to oct in the last hour of the campaign...) doodler before next year.
i actually found the bonus pack.  must try and get some sleep!  sorry for the comments.
hi robert - there should be. we reconfigured the packs from x10 sticks in x10 packs to x25 sticks in x5 packs. that's 125 sticks instead of 100 sticks. @colin - i hope this answers your question too!
please disregard my recent comment,  i figured it out except for there is no bonus pack.
i just got my 3doodler and there is a major problem.  i was a color-tastic at the $99 pledge, but i received the only 5 packs of abs instead of 10, and no bonus pack of 25.  not happy!  is the remainder of filament to be sent at a later date?
for color-tastic, is the extra plastic being shipped separately from the 3doodler itself?
got my doodler the other day.  made a rose to show my wife what it does she loves it :).  there is a whirring noise that comes from the fan but it doesn't bother me.  great job, my wife is super excited which makes me happy :d
andre: i have no problems with the pen. the noise was unexpected (i have a "normal" 3d printer and had never heard a sound like that from an extruder before). but i'm able to tune it out after a few minutes. as zzmadzz mentions, it serves a purpose as an audible indication of whether the filament is extruding, retracting, or stuck.  also, i suspect that the majority of these were purchased to be given as gifts in december and probably only a fraction are going to be opened / tested before then.
hey guys, i have used the pen for quite some time, and i would assure you that the sound produced by the fan is not that loud or exaggerated by some. it does sounds like a grinder but it didn't affect me at all. instead the sound of the fan gives me an indication that the plastic is extruding. however, i faced some extrusion problems but kind daniel was kind enough to assist me. rest assure the pen will be fun and worth the wait :). i had fun with it.
i have had a couple of responses from swiss post (2 different departments telling me different information)... the first (international shipping) have said that shipping times can take from 7-28 days to reach the destination country and are then down to the destination country (in my case the uk) to inspect and apply customs fees. this can take varying amounts of time and depends on what service was used to ship the item (express, priority or economy). the 2nd department told me something totally different... they said that packages will be shipped into switzerland where they will be inspected and paperwork checked, that should be attached to the box in a plastic envelope containing an invoice and relevant safety notices (ce approved) with the value/price paid and a sheet or sticker that is the customs declaration that also shows the item value. they said that before it leaves switzerland 3 charges will become due... a handling charge, vat cost and forwarding charge (not to be confused with the shipping paid for by the sender). packages wont leave switzerland until these are paid in full (unless you have an account with them, but you cant get an account unless you have received at least one swiss post package in the past 12 months). i have no idea which is correct. i have sent emails back to both saying that they are giving me contradicting information. but expect it will be another 3 days before i get a response again (prob longer as the w/end is coming up) i really don't understand why swiss post was used as they seem to be the most complex and slow option available out of china/hongkong/singapore. i see no hope of the thing turning up tomorrow (halloween) as expected or in fact for a while since the thing hasn't even reached switzerland yet and then it (one way or another) has to be re-sorted and sent on or held for charges and sent on once paid, to the uk. i am hoping the same thing happens to me that happened to gadgetman and it does bypass switzerland customs and comes through uk customs without tracking and i will get a notification to say it is here and ready to be picked up once i pay the 20% vat and £12 ($20usd) handling charge by parcel force uk. the money (although annoying) doesn't really bother me, but the time that seems to be wasted by swiss post is crazy especially since the initial information informed us that everything would be done to make transit times as fast as possible and customs delays reduced or avoided. i really dont understand why dhl global express was used to us/asia and aus backers but the eu and rest of world got standard international mail which is notorious for delays. dhl-ge operates worldwide and is a great service, couldn't all backers have had their rewards shipped by their hybrid mail service? really since all packages were sent from china and not the us then all of us that had to pay extra shipping should of got the better shipping option as we had to pay extra. us backers didn't but got a premium high speed service with no taxes or customs delays.. doesn't seem fair really,
@andre - my experience with kickstarters is that the only people who comment after the fact are the ones complaining.  very few come back to say how cool something is.  given that probably 1,000 have been delivered at this point (delivered, not just shipped), and only a handful of people are complaining about the noise/extrusion, i would anticipate the product being excellent in all other aspects besides noise, and that perhaps only a handful are having extrusion issues. there are a couple of excited people further down the thread though.
@sam, mine was in the first 100 'early bird' lot, and it was definitely sent directly from hong kong to norway using swisspost. and the same as nial experienced happened to mine as well; that the package seemed to leave the country twice... then it just ceased to update... until i got a note from the norwegian mail about a package waiting for me at the local post office. they never updated the tracking, just gave it a new norwegian tracking code, did the t(r)oll thing and sent it on its way. (vat and customs handling fees i paid at the post office when i collected it)
is this just my impression that most of the people that received their pen are not really blown away? all i read is noise, jamming, delayed response when extruding, broke after 5 minutes...doesn't really make me excited....i've seen some videos and indeed the pens sound like they have sand in the gearbox. please...anyone out there who is a super happy camper and can change this impression a little? thanks!
pretty bummed. i had assumed as an october backer i'd have my pen in time to do a few things for halloween, not shipped a week after it, oh well. it's pretty common for kick started projects to be delayed i suppose, i just had remained optimistic since it seemed like they were already going out. hopefully the kinks get ironed out with logistics and shipping gets back on track.
100 early production even.
@nial,  i think the difference in speed for the first 100 was due to them being dispatched from the usa/wobbleworks hq.  i think they had 10 early production shipped direct to hq and dispatched by hand from there (photo's in update, board describing plastic contents in english rather than chinese etc).  the first 2000 are the first to be dispatched via the planned process, and it appears we have unfortunate teething problems.
that makes sense given austria is pretty close to switzerland, but 11 days from origin to destination borders is very slow for airmail! hkpost and china post are faster then that normally! yours must of cleared chinese customs pretty quickly and got out fairly soon after the dispatch from the factory on the 18th. if thats the norm then another 6 days here till it even reaches the border and uk customs + any extra days for it to cover the extra distance from switzerland to the uk (from what i gather from various forums of suppliers in china or singapore who use swiss post, all packages get re-sorted in their big sorting house in switzerland before being sent on their way to the destination country - even us bound packages go from china/singapore - switzerland - destination (despite it adding about 3500 miles to the journey).) a lot of websites claim swiss post is the best of china/hk post, ems and other standard tracked services out of asia, and others say its great for tracking & looking after a package but slower then the others (with the exception of china post who don't seem to have a standard time and vary from 4 to 45 days into the eu!!). i just hope their is some benefit to them picking swiss post as the carrier like it lowers customs stoppage time or something and hasn't just been used because they were the cheapest!
for all european backers: now i got an update on my shipping: "arrival at border point of destination country". it took 11 days from "departure from border point of origin country" to the current state. now i have to wait for the customs if they want some money etc. friday is a holiday in austria but maybe next week i get my 3doodler! (hopefully the customs are not to slow...)
i would guess its taking longer to get all the packages packed, labeled and paperwork/customs forms filled in, then they expected.  it seems like the first 2000 that were set to all be sent on the 18th actually took till the 24th/25th to actually hit the postal system (based on mine and others tracking details that have "posted" dates ranging from the 19th to the 25th. i'm guessing whatever is between the factory and the place where the packages hit the origin postage point is where the delays lay.
tom, it says "processing issues", not "production issues". you can't seriously believe they will be able to fix a major issue like the sound problem on the fly with just one week delay.
so far for 3doodling on my birthday... but hey, let's look at it from the positive side, maybe they decided to tackle the noise problem or any other problem, which we can only applaud :-). can you guys elaborate on the exact reason of the delay?
my tracking lists mine as being mailed twice! once on the 24th when it went through swiss post customs in china and then the same the next day on the 25th (exactly the same 3 entries - posted, entered origin boarder customs, left origin boarder customs) but thats it. i have contacted swiss post but they seem to have no way to get a quick response as a receiver (despite quoting that they have the best tracking in the world). has anyone in the uk or europe received their doodler yet? if so then can you copy and paste the tracking data you have to show how many steps are left before it actually reaches the uk (let alone even europe) as it seems to be stuck in singapore for some reason currently..??? @wobbleworks - is it worth you contacting swiss post to chase these up as their website says that senders have full access to see exactly where consignments and single packages are at any time? from china and via swiss post then i would of expected it to at least be in the eu by now or at a uk customs depot if it was mailed on time like you say on the 18th. however, if it didn't get sent till the 24th/25th then its likely still a way off. i am loosing hope for it to arrive before halloween so i can decorate all these darn glow in the dark ghosts, witches, pumpkins and such that i have printed on my 3d printer and the bag of mini (real) pumpkins i bought when the message went out saying they had shipped on the 18th. after the speed that the 1st 100 backers got their rewards, i expected these to be the same (~4-7 days & in some cases just 2-3 days from china to uk)
@andrew - we're doing our best to buck that rule. stay tuned and we'll have you 3doodling soon.
dear ww, i know its a minor one, but i learned a rule here, on kickstarter: "any delay is followed by another delay". i really hope this is not the case. also, my biggest concern is a postal service: not everyone has a good reliable ps in their countries, some just cease to operate during december.
@andrew: same here. :-( not much difference at this point. i'm a second-batch october backer too.. bit sad.
@andrew - it's unfortunate, but it's only a short delay, and this does not in any way shape or form mean we will be shipping to you in 2014.
oh well, there goes hope for a getting mine 3doodler in time... happy new year everyone. "for the remaining 3,000 october backers (who have not been sent tracking numbers yet), we had intended to send your pens this monday, but we have had some unforeseen processing delays and are now targeting next week for sending. we are very sorry for this delay and will have your 3doodler with you as soon as possible. the 3doodler team"
got our 3doodler today!  beautifully executed packaging, packing and shipping!  the kids are going to love this!  thanks! i realize that the noise is disconcerting to some people, but compared to my experience with 3d printer parts (motors, gears, and fans), i think the 3doodler's noise level is reasonable.
got a tracking number on the 25th. tracking information says it arrived shipping partner facility on the 24th, 9:53 a.m., and also says electronic shipping info received on the 26th. no other activity.
coworker got his today without ever seeing a tracking number but nothing for me at home. i hope it wasn't dropped off and then promptly stolen.
just got mine today, and i can also confirm the grinding gravel sound.. couldn't have gotten a quieter fan?  :/
john h: yeah, same here, shipping to the uk though. neither swiss post nor royal mail return anything at all for the tracking number. have had the tracking number since friday.
i've had a tracking number since last week but it still comes up as not found on the usps site. anyone else experiencing this?
i'm not a bad guy, you know. but our postal service tends not to work during late-november and a whole december, so...
2 days till the end of october. it will be very nice if these got shipped before november, otherwise there is no much difference between oct-nov batches ...
@krzysztof marciniak  thx for the info :)
mine has been delivered to me here in australia. looks great. will try it when wife and kids get home.
yes, it is very noisy when feeding filament. it makes a sound that i can only describe as "grinding gravel".  it does get stuck frequently, so far i've seen it get stuck in two different ways. most often what happens is that the heater temperature drops too much while extruding a long string of material and the pen will seize up for a few seconds before it starts flowing again. when this happens, the led indicator will turn red (which means it is heating up) and will turn blue/green again right before it starts working again. the other (less common) way that it gets stuck seems to be a filament feed issue. i think the gear that grips the filament and feeds it through sometimes has a hard time overcoming the back pressure of the extruder, and it either starts skipping or the gripping teeth end up chewing into the filament and stripping it (same sort of thing can happen on my printer's high-speed x-truder if my temp control isn't right). when this happens i can just push the filament in by hand while holding the fast button down and it eventually recovers from it.  have not seen any unrecoverable stoppages yet.
yeah, i sent the message already.  i'm also in the boston area so maybe i can get in on some of that hands-on support action.
@andrew - i would send an email to cs@the3doodler.com.  greg (below) had a similar sounding problem, and daniel cowen (one of the co-founders) got back to him fairly quickly.  they are meeting up to take a look at greg's, as they are nearby.  if it is the same issue, they will be able to get back to you about either what to do to fix it, or what to do if it is a lemon.  best of luck! (i assume that you have already made sure you are on the right plastic setting and have read any instructions that come with it.)
and by "plastic" i mean "practice" but now it's not feeding at all so i'm wondering if i have a bad unit?
got mine, a couple questions for the group. first off, how loud is yours?  mine makes a fairly significant buzz. second, i'm having a hard time connecting pieces.  i suspect i just need plastic but the feed seems a bit wonky to start.
the verdict: totally fun to use. i'm already out of blue, so i guess the top of my eiffel tower will be a different color. if only the doodler used 1.75mm filament - i've got spools and spools of that stuff for my normal printer.  i think those who are hoping to bolt this onto some makerslide and add a few stepper motors to create a 3d printer are going to be somewhat disappointed. the hot-end on the doodler isn't entirely precise and the temp stability is a bit iffy at best. the feed mechanism is also not reliable enough for serious printing. it skips a lot since the hot-end temp fluctuates so much (going from very viscous to very fluid plastic flow). none of those things are really a problem for what the doodler is intended for, so can't really complain there.  although maybe pla will be more forgiving than abs. perhaps the lower extrusion temperature will be easier for the temp controller to maintain.
can't wait for mine when is october group 2 shipping
hopefully the 2nd october batch will ship today! i'm in that group.
mine too has left atlanta, it arrived at my local post office this morning. hopefully that means it will be delivered tomorrow!
just arrived in atlanta today after spending a few days in kentucky. really excited to plug it in and give it a whirl. the packaging is really well thought-out, but wobbleworks - you need to find someone else to assemble the packaging. the carefully designed and cut inserts were all torn up - even torn away from the plastic formed tray that it was glued to. bits of shredded paper everywhere. crumpled card stock paper. not very pretty at all, and it wasn't shipping damage (the outside was superbly protected).  i know you guys put a ton of work into the packaging design, so it is a huge shame to see that a line worker somewhere did such a disservice to your efforts.  on the other hand, once i dust all of the shredded bits of paper off of the doodler, it looks like it will be really fun to use (much lighter than i expected). the colored filament packs are really well done too - very clean and professional presentation on those.
after sitting in kentucky for 5 days,  it appears to finally be shipping and i should have it sometime in the first week of november.  i am in the first 2000 group.
@sabine and katja:  sorry it didnt work.  heres hoping it gets there soon!  :d
i got mine today here at ca
oh thanks sabine, i'm from austria too, so it seems like i'm going to need a lot of patience!
@stephen: thanks for the tip, but i tried the austrian post, some others but none work with the tracking number i've received. i guess i have to wait until the postman rings on my door.
sabine:    try this (it usually works for me) take the tracking number that was given to you, and try it in your local mail handler's tracking system. a lot of times _______ (ems speed post for example) will only track the packages until they are on a boat, and at that time the documentation gets handed over to "austria post" or whomever, and they take over the tracking of the package.
@katja: i am from austria and as i wrote before i have no idea where my 3doodler is. the last entry of the tracking history is from the 19th of october and says "departure from border point of origin country ". i hope it will arrive soon and that it won't take to long at the customs... though i have not known that the swiss post has a district office in singapure. furthermore the tracking history just says "hong kong -> foreign country" i hope they manage it to ship my 3doodler to austria!
wohoo today's shipping day! :d has anyone from middle europe already received his 3doodler from the first shipments? if so - how many days did you wait?
i got my tracking number but there are only 3 entries from the 19th of october and since then nothing. i am wondering if they ship via vessel because there has been no update to the state of my shipping. if it had been by airplane it would have already arrived somewhere else than hong kong. counting the days til i get mine - refreshing the tracking number page nearly every hour...
hope i don't have the problem greg is having. going from canada to hong kong to get service seems a little bit expensive ;-)
greg, do you have the setting correct for your plastic you're using? if you're using abs but have it on the pla setting, the temperature won't be warm enough to properly extrude the abs. it's a possible solution, although it looks like you're going to be meeting up with someone to get it figured out.
very quick response by daniel cowen.  luckily i'm in hong kong, and will be meeting up with him on monday to see what's going on with my 3doodler.
is this a copy?: http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/new-stereoscopic-pen-3doodler-3d-printer-abs-or-pla-filament-printing-draw-pen-/281194833558…
looks like there is definitely a feeding problem with my 3doodler.. :(
another follow up: i put in a new stick of plastic and while it was loading, pushed down hard on the end and new plastic came out.  however, after a few seconds it stopped again, and i had to continue pushing to get more plastic to flow up.  seems that it doesn't seem to be working if less than half the stick of plastic is in the 3doodler and a new piece has to in place and pushed in to get it to work.
mine has been sitting in kentucky for a couple of days too. looks like a bulk shipment went to a distributor there who is slowly sending out individual units to us customers.
i'm in hong kong and just received my 3doodler last evening... took it out this morning to try it out, but after less than 5 minutes, the plastic suddenly stopped feeding. tried reversing out the plastic and reloading, but still nothing... pressing either the fast or slow button doesn't do anything. the 3doodler does still seem to be hot, but it's just that no plastic is feeding out.  when pressing the button, i still hear the "gear" turning sound.  all symptoms are normal as when it was working, but just that no plastic is feeding out. i'm very disappointed that after waiting for this since march, it breaks down after less than 5 minutes of use!! i wish there was some tips in your website that tells me what to do for such a problem. do i take it apart? i've sent a message to wobble works here in kickstarter as well as cs@the3doodler.com.
@owen - the 2000 all shipped on the 18th, ahead of schedule, but tracking numbers are slow to get to people.  wobbleworks explains this below, and you may receive your package before you get a tracking number.  they are trying to get them out as quickly as possible, but 2000 is a lot of orders to sort.  rest assured, they are in the mail though.
hi. i'm in the first 2000 group and received the mail from wobbleworks about the posting by the 21st but haven't had a tracking number. is that normal...just seems like everyone else is talking about them!
according to my tracking number. mine is in heron, kentucky where it has been sitting for two days. the anticipation is killing me!
@yves : which shipment date are you on? im in the first 2000 and mine didn't leave asia till the 24th or 25th (must of taken a while after it was dispatched (on the 18th according to the update) and then it went through singapore customs twice for some reason) so if the rest of the first 2000 shipped in the same way then its going to be a while yet for most of us in the first batch and another while till the second batch of 3000 make it through dispatch and outbound customs.
@yves - it depends on when your backing is.  check the sidebar for the month that you have backed for.  as for everybody getting theirs, so far only about 2,100 units have shipped, with about 20k more to go.  so in reality, only a small number have received theirs, and only about 10% have shipped. you can check update 27 for more information on shipping.
are you still shipping ? i'vent received mine and it seems like everydoby else did. where are you with the shipping?
i would find a laser cutting service and have some 3mm acrylic plates and/or frames cut. there are loads of laser cutting services out there that dont charge much for the acrylic and the cutting. its a good surface to print pla onto (not sure about abs - will let you know when my 3doodler gets here as have plently of acrylic sheets kicking about to try. failing that if you have a friend who has a 3d printer then they could just print out a 2 or 3 mm thick square or rectangle etc to the size you want and then use the side that is against the print bed as the surface to use as it always comes out nice and shiny and flat. same goes for frames. if you dont know any one with a 3d printer then there are also a few fab lab services out there where you can send an .stl file and they will print however many you want for you.
@vasant - as of right now (and possibly for ever) they do not sell matching color plastic plates, as those would require a different type of extruder than the filament, and be hard to do.  what you can do, is do something like the eiffel tower stencil and 3-doodle nice flat plates.  i would imagine that done carefully, the reverse side of something doodled onto warm metal would be quite flat and shiny, and you'd be able to make your own sheets in any size with any plastic you wanted. that being said, i do not have, nor have i played with, a 3doodler, so i do not have any guarantee on this, i am just thinking about the bottom of some 3d prints i have seen.  we are all newbies at this, so try it and see. i hadn't even considered building something like you suggested.
do you sell matching matching color plastic (pla/abs) that we can use as a outer shell to our 3doodle wire structure? do you guys recommend any particular method for doing this kind of thing? (ideas is to use 3doodler to build the inside support structure which is not a smooth finish but then attach smooth plastic plates (of desired size) to give it nice finished look. i am excited to build things using this type of approach and thankful for you guys to have delivered 3doodler. can't wait for november!
looking at my tracking number, it only took 2 days to get from hongkong to me. good job with the research that wobbleworks had done on shipping! really effective:)
just got my tracking number. a little confused as it says it was only mailed from singapore yesterday 24th and it went through their exit customs then it re-entered singapore and did the same today! (25th - they are about +9 hours ahead there) at 11am and went through their border checks (customs) again!! hopefully it will actually move over the weekend! luckily i now have the tracking number which (and this is a good tip people) means as soon as it clears uk customs i can phone parcel force (uk delivery partner) and get the charge amount and pay it over the phone so that it gets delivered a few days earlier or i can drive the 40 miles to my "local" depot to pay and collect which knocks another 2 days off. both are better then waiting for 3 or so days for a letter to be sent from them detailing the charges and asking for payment and to book the delivery. should be the same for most eu countries. again little confused with the shipping methods. it was only posted on the 24th october (yesterday) in singapore but by swiss post... bizzare. i guess the guys at wobbleworks have their reasons for it but i have about 100 packages and parcels a month shipped here, and alot out of asia and have never seen one sent through swiss post... it may be a good thing and mean it enters europe through switzerland which could reduce customs times and costs!  keep an eye on your inboxes guys and as soon as you see it clear eu/destination customs then phone your local carrier and pay upfront as it will knock a good few days off the wait. there is some hope for it arriving before halloween now at least! got a ton of glow in the dark ghosts, witches and such printed of on my reprap waiting for decorating with my 3doodler when it arrives... (otherwise will have to make do with a sharpie marker pen!) and a heads up... i use gmail and my tracking/setup email landed in my spam box even with a tag set for any emails containing "3doodler" and "wobbleworks" to be marked as priority and into the main section of my inbox.
heads up guys!!! i have received my 3doodler!! i'm the next batch after the first 100. as i'm in asia, it was shipped from hong kong! have not open it yet! shall update again later :)). check your mailboxes man, its coming!
@nial yes i am as well concerned about shipping by registered post. as far as my information go i may be expected to pay another $26-$30 which is not the problem. main problem is that the package will probably be at least 14 days laying in the only post in country with customs without informing me, charging me for storage and i will have to go there personally to get the package as they won't deliver it. even if they deliver it locally i will have to go and pick it up from local post office as they don't deliver packages home
super excited to get my 3doodler! just wondering about the artist's special that's scheduled to ship in november as i pledged for one by ecco pierce - the original update said that we would be able to give input on the design of the art piece. is this still on schedule and/or are there any updates to this? will it ship separately from the 3doodler itself? i just want to make sure that i didn't miss out on any communication about this and that the artist will have enough time to create the artwork. thanks! :)
i am kind of surprised that in the end after saying shipping would be done to minimise customs delays etc.. that you have shipped by regular post that coming in from the us or china is subject normally to around a 7-10 day customs clearance period followed by another few days while the local post office send the receiver a letter out asking for a credit/debit card payment before they will even book the delivery. i know that dhl global express which is a worldwide hybrid system (that i guess you are using for us and australia etc..) is extreamly good and cuts eu customs delays out and reduces shipping time from 7-28 days down to 4-7 days. the uk,germany and a few other eu countries are awful currently for packages coming in from the us and asia and even if the value is declared correctly and all forms filled in and attached as required then it takes well over a week just for them to reach processing before it gets handed to the local post office to collect the charges then finally deliver.  so much for delivery by haloween! if we had the tracking numbers then we can at least see as soon as the package clears customs and shave a few days off the delivery time by contacting parcel force (uk) by phone to get the charge amount and pay instantly by card over the phone without having to wait for them to process and print the letter and send it. any chance you can prioritise tracking numbers to eu/can and other standard registered mail customers so we can do that since us and asia backers wont have any issues if their rewards are coming through dhl/usps? long gone are the days when the postman could collect the charges upon delivery, used to be a much easier system but i guess they wanted everything automated (and no chance of the postman pocketing the cash..) i understand you guys are under alot of work but it would be really beneficial to us backers who will have to wait longest due to eu customs being so darn slow! thanks for the info.
thanks for the update! can't wait for the second 3000 to go out.
canada (not to be forgotten!) is handled via registered post too. the dhl/usps hybrid does not work as effectively for that route.
what about canada? like us?
shipping to the us is being done on a hybrid system using both dhl and usps. dhl handles shipments into the usa and then usps takes over, which is when the tracking numbers kick in. shipping to europe is almost exclusively done via registered post. shipments may, in some cases, be subject to vat and duties. shipping to australia, new zealand and certain parts of asia (hong kong, singapore, thailand, malaysia) is handled by courier. the remainder of asia by registered post. regarding tracking numbers, it takes time to collate 2,000 tracking numbers as well as match them to the urls so you can track them. in some cases you may get your parcel before you get your tracking numbers.
@wobbleworks - can you please update us and give us the info you promised us about shipping... you did say that you would ensure we were all up to speed on the methods etc before you were going to ship... quote : "there will be a shipping update soon, which will include a brief outline of methods to be used, expected delivery times, tracking know-how, etc. but we are still optimizing our methods so that you get your pens quicker and without hitches at the border. this is an ongoing process for any company, but rest assured we are working with an amazing logistics partner, and we'll publish the finer details before your parcels go out." can you please give us an update on this. many thanks.
i think the first 2000 have been shipped as a bulk shipment (or several bulk shipments) to the area/s where they will be split up and sent on individually (eu, us, asia & aus etc,,) but i dont think they have actually entered any mail systems yet as i dont think any one has received a tracking number yet. would really like to hear from the wobbleworks guys about how these batches are shipping as they did get dispatched on the 18th but thats all we actully know... will we get tracking numbers? also who are handling the individual units for delivery? the first 100 seemed to enter the mail systems pretty quickly in europe, usa and australia, hopefully this batch of 2000 i am in will be the same and in the next day or two we get our tracking numbers.  (just ordered some extra glow in the dark 3mm filament from faberdashery for making some halloween models. hopefully it arrives by then)
second one is set to ship on the 28th. i'm on this one.
@marie-andree: the first batch was scheduled to ship on the 18th actually.  in their last update they bumped up the shipping date.  i would assume they have shipped by now, and they are hard at work shipping the second 3000.
have they shipped yesterday?
3doodler & cnc setup/hack. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
big shipping tomorrow! happy?
@keith, that is what took the annoyance away after the initial anger at someone selling such an amazing bit of tech... the fact that someone paid $200 for it means they really wanted it and will enjoy it as it should be. it will be interesting to see how the ebay sales go over the next couple of months... the price will obviously stay way above the initial cost but by how much and how it changes as more and more people sell their rewards should be interesting. my guess is it will be very similar to the raspberry pi after the first batch of 5000 shipped to the lucky first pre-orders, they went to about 250% of their cost, i imagine these will be similar.
nothing to be upset about. those ebay sales have made a few people very happy (people who wanted them badly enough to fork out $200 for one). and the seller made a nice profit for tying up their money for 7 months. i just wish i had thought of it. these pens are amazingly good christmas gifts, and the demand is extremely high for them over the next two months. if you are only getting one for personal use, and not giving it as a gift, then perhaps it makes a lot of sense to sell an early bird for 2x or 3x the post-kickstarter price. someone will get a much-desired gift item in time for the holiday, and you get enough money back to buy two or three more pens (and then you could give one away).  it's all supply and demand and the value of time.
its not really that bad selling your "reward" after all not that long ago kickstarter allowed multiple rewards x5 x10 x100, obviously to sell on afterwards who's to says wobbleworks wouldn't have offered that with the pen.  after all we all share a risk in supporting a project, it could have been $2,300,000 and the project flopped and we'd have nothing to show for it, maybe that's the real reward for some people. just my passing thought though
@hfb - you may well indeed be right. it is just annoying seeing ones from the first 100 batch not being enjoyed and possibly only being ordered to make some money. but it is indeed a capitalist world and i suppose if some one is willing to pay the amounts these are selling for on ebay then they must really want one badly! i saw yet another first 100 popped up just after that one finished. thats 4 out of 100 that have hit ebay so far (if the others are real that is and not just october or november backers that are going to keep buyers waiting till they arrive and then get forwarded on!)
hey folks, where do youo live? it's a capitalist world. backers are representavie of human beeing. it's sad but it's like that. i don not agree whith this kind of comportement but for this project, i saw that it's a very small part of backer who did that. i backed for zombicide season 2. and for that project it's awfull to see what's happening on ebay. that is really disgusting (selling the game to two or three time of its value..) ps: sorry for my grammar but english is not my mothertongue
@hfb, you may be right, but... in that case, the poster could have written a short explanation.
@nial, are you sure he's in it solely for profit? how are you sure he didn't run in to hard times and needs the money for something and since he was an early backer, can use that to make a little bit off of it so he can support his family with needs, not wants? maybe he got laid off work? i suppose his kids could have a fun time with the 3doodler but if they're going hungry, why hold on to it? this may not be the case at all as we don't know his situation but it's a possibility. i know my financial situation has changed since i backed 6 months ago and though it's not the possibly dire picture i just painted as an example, i may consider selling mine because we could use the money now for more important things than a 3d printing pen, which is undoubtedly an unnecessary item and i don't think you can argue that. it's easy to jump on someone for "greed" but unless you really know their true intentions, it's a bit judgmental to go after someone so quickly without knowing their complete situation.
@peter: from what i have seen, we do not get any headstart or discount on pre-orders.  if you are looking for a bunch of them, i would wait until all the ks ones have shipped, then contact ww directly to see if they are willing to do anything in bulk.  right now, they are undoubtedly too swamped with shipping to think about bulk future orders.
dear doodler. do backers get any headstart or discounts on preorders? (i would like a bag full for my school).
@nial yes, i was in the early birds tier. i'm really impressed with this project -- shipping something like this to so many people pretty much on-time is a huge task.
as sad as it makes me, i have to agree with andrew. i saw the same thing happen with game systems, furbies, and many other toys. i did the same thing with a disneyland limited run pin. i had the opportunity to buy it at a low cost, but didnt care to own it, so my parents sold it for massive amounts online. i, and other backers, are saddened because we could have been one sooner in line, but it is his call. if he makes enough to buy one in february, he can get one then, and have enough left over for plenty of christmas presents. now, if someone used multiple accounts to buy one for them and one to sell, that would be upsetting. that is why kick starter has rules about it.
so how about we don't attack other backers?  people who helped back this product received a reward that is now theirs to do with as they please. if they backed it because they believed they'd be able to flip it for a profit, well, that's basically how our entire economy works, right?
sickening isn't it!  people like this getting their kit with 50% off and a month early and they still want more by selling it for 4x its cost (so far) it makes me so angry to see these for sale (along with others who are actually selling their october rewards before they even arrive!!!). i can't believe a 1st 100 backer is selling theirs, all its done is taken something amazing from someone else who would of appreciated and loved it!!! pure greed!!! i spotted it yesterday (along with 2 others using the same picture...) and called this guy out. to out him as a scammer or just to know who the greedy little s#@t is. whats really sickening is the comment he made when he backed it... feb. 19, 2013 - rafal medenski "great project! my kids godna love it!" take the fun away from your kids to line your own pockets??? shame on you!
errr limited supply i meant, of course.
you shouldn't be so surprised or outraged. that's just capitalism in motion. people will pay a premium not have to wait until next year for wobbleworks to catch up. this is a common occurrence for any hot new item with limited demand. i wouldn't sell mine, but it certainly doesn't make the seller "retarded" (which isn't a word i'd use either..)
whoever is selling their 3doodler online for a profit, either shows that they are retarded or that they are just clueless with what they actually have. furthermore, idiots who actually bid for it at such a outrageous price, should also learn how to google and maybe learn how to purchase the 3doodler at a much lower price from the official revenue... but oh well...
http://www.ebay.com/itm/221296361711…    this one is mine
@darby - usps would make most sense for us if they are shipping from within the us or from china (as there is a usps service from there which is supposed to be pretty good for us imports).
@tieg - are you one of the first 100? which country are you in and who shipped it?
got mine today and unboxed it, sooo good!! cross-hatching with this is going to be so much fun :d
@darby - i'm not 100% certain, but i believe they are using usps.  the unboxing video linked below showed a usps tracking number, and usps is often (not always, but often) one of the cheapest shipping methods for us to us shipments.
what shipping service is being used in the us? thanks!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@cyrill. you have access to all the same updates as the rest of us...  last we heard on shipping is that october backers are split into two batches, 2000 units going out this week and then the remainder of october rewards (3000 units) go out a week or so later (last week or so of october). november is on target to ship on time they plan to be ramping up production around nov/dec and they will have refined and tuned their picking, packing and shipping system so that all rewards should make it to their backers on time or even slightly early if there are no hold ups. im guessing once they hit the later tiers they will littrally be shipping on a daily basis as units are produced then tested ready for packing. of course this is subject to change but from the updates we have seen its all looking good currently.  hopefully we will see an official update soon outlining how things will happen. on my email (first 2000) it said that they will be shipped by the 21st and they wanted all address confirmations in by the 15th october (today). if they are ready then they may start shipping in the next day or two i guess. it sounds like they very much want to stick to a fifo basis but if you don't fill that confirmation form in and add your phone number then your order may get delayed. exciting times!
any updates for backers later than october?
two unboxing videos i found on youtube: http://www.youtube.com/watch… & http://www.youtube.com/watch…
hope to arrive soon here in italy.... xd
received my notification! agree with @katja, you can send it right now ;-)
my adress data is complete, you can already ship mine ;) i'm sooo excited!
@rodney: there only have been 100 3doodlers shipped (early bird special). one already have written a feedback (can't find the internet address anymore - last week i saw it on my newsfeed i think) and due to the destination they may have received theirs a couple of days ago. the first 2000 3doodler for the october backers will be shipped at the 21st which means that it will take some days or a week until all will hold their pens in hands.  and i guess that those who have their 3doodlers already are doodling and have no time to write a feedback because it is so awesome to use.
i am surprised with around 2100 3doodlers being mailed out that there has been so little feedback by the users. i'm not until december, in which case several thousand more will have theirs, but i'd like to think i'll at least provide some feedback for the jan - mar 2014 backers.
i hate to say i told you so, but... i told you so :d 5000 doodlers getting out there into the wild in the next few weeks, lots of happy people and lots of 3doodler goodness!
@janardan fluorescent - will glow under black light (uv), like fluorescent markers. glow-in-the-dark - will glow in dark for some time after charging with light (preferably one emitting much uv, like sunlight/white leds/compact fluorescents). luminous - other name for glow-in-the-dark.
i just received the emaail woo-hooo! :) it says we are the second 3'000 doodlers to ship, if anyone of you is interested. it also states october 28 as the latest shipping date. i am soooooooooo excited.
hi anyone knows whats the difference between "luminous", "flourescent" and "glow-in-the-dark" plastic strands? i'm a noob on this sorry :(
i juste recieved the email :-) for gmail users the mail goes into the commercials mails box (the third tab) can't wait..can't wai't..gniiiii ;)
woohoo!! i received an email to update my address and phone numbers!! this is for my october pledge btw :) keeping my fingers crossed!
also, to echo nial, i'm sure they have just gotten swamped with shipping things, and that's why there is a lack of updates.  but all october backers should have/be getting their emails shortly.  three of us at our house just got our emails. i can't wait!
just got email for address confirmation!  say will ship by oct. 28. woot woot.
the later october backers just got their emails (like two minutes ago)!!!  shipping by the 28th, update details by the 21st!  great end to my day!
the "first 2000" address confirmation and est shipping date email i received sounds identical to the one sam and other early birds received just before shipping started on those. if you are an october backer and haven't received that email yet then i wouldn't worry as there are 5000 3doodlers due to ship during october across the 2 tiers. i think that once they clear this first 2000 orders they will then follow quickly with a 2nd set of emails likely to all of the remaining 2999 october backers. it makes sense breaking it down a little into smaller batches and i would imagine they are still experimenting with postal services and will use this first big batch of 2000 to gauge how well their shipping system works on a larger scale. it will also of course mean that they can keep units moving by shipping one batch as another enters qc then packing, once they get into their stride its likely to become very fluid with doodlers constantly moving and shipping. im sure the guys will let us all know a bit more about their shipping system as it starts to move. they asked in the email to make sure addresses were updated and a phone number added by the 15th october as they would be shipping these first 2000 by the 21st so they may actually start moving this week with a bit of luck! cant wait!! easily the most anticipated and exciting product i have ordered from anywhere for a long time!!
@sam: thanks a lot, i was a bit woried ;)
@ruggeri  i was one of the early birds, and the first email i received that i'd expect you to get except for kickstarter updates was a request to update my shipping details about 5 days before my 3doodler was dispatched.  i believe there will be several dispatch dates during october so i wouldn't worry until late in the month.  you will should get an email in the next couple of weeks. (though checking the spam folder is never a bad idea)
hello everybody, i'm an october pledger but, since the end of march, i didn't recieved any mail (except for update) about 3doodler.. is it normal? i don't have any pledge manager nor any tracking number. it is the first ks for me so i don't know how it works..
@diego - both of those look fine. the one with free shipping has only a few hundred buyers worth of feedback but they all highly recommend the service so its likely this is a new service and he is sending with free shipping to build up a client base which is good. the other seller also has a good record for plastic filament. +/-0.1 is the standard average difference and anything there or below is good (although everyone would say that anyway if they were selling crap plastic) as regards to the address confirmations and shipping dates i believe it is only september early birds and october's 1st 2000 backers (across all reward tiers) that have received the address confirmation email. i doubt the rest will be far behind though.
i found this two http://www.ebay.com/itm/free-shipping-3d-printer-abs-pla-filament-1kg-makerbot-reprap-mendel-up-ultimar-/151132630770… and http://www.ebay.com/itm/gizmo-dorks-3d-printer-filament-1-kg-2-2-lbs-abs-pla-hips-1-75mm-3mm-/321219612886… both will ship (the first one for free) to perú, and they say the tolerance is +/- 0,1mm (i don't know weather this is high, low, or acceptable). i don't think they will mix october with november backers in one batch, but we'll wait to see what they decide. they mentioned an "update heavy week" but i have not seen updates to date in this week :(. i have not even received the message asking me to confirm my address but my excitement has already been boosted
i think this next batch is 1000x $75 backers and 1000x $99 backers. if you are an october backer then i wouldn't worry, i would bet that the remainder of october rewards wont be far behind and that they are sending address surveys with the shipping dates as more units roll off the production line and are ready to go so will be updating and sending more confirmations out over the course of the next couple of weeks. i saw this project a few mins after it went live and while i was reading the description there were still early bird slots left, by the time i had read down through the page it had gained another 100-200 backers in just a few mins!   it does look like they are shipping in a first in first out system. a project this large with so many units being made will be changing its stock levels daily as pens are produced and clear qc before being allocated to a backer and then picked, packed and shipped and it will almost certainly get much faster as they iron any problems out and get the line running at 100%. @diego, sounds like the 3doodler shop may be your best option as they will most certanly be using high qualitly filament. you could also try some of the chinese sites that stock plastic. if you post a few links to stores and ebay listings here that do ship to peru then post the url's here so we can take a look.  main thing is to check the feedback for the seller and look for what people who hae bought plastic from them say. its not a perfect system as alot of people leave feedback once the items they order arrive and look in good shape but before fully using them, but if there are more then a couple of complaints about the qualitly then i would avoid. its late here (well early 2am actually) but i will have a look tomorrow and find you some good links for plastic that ships to peru, however i fear postage will be high on large amounts as it is heavy stuff, this is why i think buying direct from wobbleworks through the 3doodler site would be best as they sell decent quantities and you can select a bunch of mixed packs to give you loads of doodle time in a selection of colours. @skippy - same, i was super exited already to be an october backer and the address/shipping date email has just boosted that a huge amount!
well, second batch it seems :)
@marie - i don't know about that.  i just know i was super late to the game (i managed to snag an october when january was open), so i knew i was later.  i would guess if you got an email, you'll be in the first batch, and if you didn't get an email, you'll be in the second batch towards the end of the month.
just got my ship date of oct 21! thought my level of anticipation could not get any higher but it has
how can we know which rank we are on the 2500 october backers?
yay, my 3doodler arrived today! (that's 7 days from amsterdam to southern germany - felt much longer, but waiting for great things always does) looks awesome, can't wait to try it. packaging was perfect. wobbleworks really know what they're doing!
@marie thanks for the suggestion. i just checked monoprice and perú is not even an option when selecting a countryo to ship to haha. i guess i will have to buy plastic locally, which might be of even lesser quality than the bad ebay ones nial mentiones, but what can i do.
@nial i am so jealous too. i am the 2499th backer out of 2500 for the october slot, so yeah, i was expecting this :/. the problem with the plastic is that amazon will not ship to perú, only ebay (and i don't know if i should trust ebay because of what you just said). i will wait for an update on the 3doodler website stating weather the 9,99$ they charge for 25 strands includes global shipping or not (i think 9.99$ is a tenny tiny bit overpriced imo).
@nial: i am so jealous (though i knew i would be in the later batch). soon.... soon. i had hoped mine would get here by halloween, but i guess i will just have to bust out christmas ornaments.
yay! got my shipping date from wobbleworks for my 3doodler! in the first 2000!! (i backed it just after the early birds sold out) it will be shipped by the 21st but the survey asked to ensure any changes to address etc were submitted by the 15th so i guess it could be earlier depending on how they have chosen to ship. that means my doodler is only just about 2 weeks away! soooo excited!! @diego - yeah south america is the most expensive place to ship to from the uk. i would follow amanda and marie's advice and look at us based suppliers and amazon us is an excellent starting point (check seller feedback and item feedback to make sure there are not loads of people complaining about their stock before buying)!  just don't buy cheap plastic filament from ebay! i made the mistake of trying to save a few ££ and ordered a 1kg drum of green abs from an ebay seller and it was horrible, it needed about 20 degrees higher then most abs to get it to flow and even then it stank, it varied in width by +/- 0.3mm on 1.75mm (the change in width was visible which is not a good sign!) and it kept clogging the hotend on my printer as im pretty sure it wasn't 100% abs. for an added bonus it warped like crazy even after just a few layers (likely due to the higher melting point). i still have about 0.95kg of it left! i like faberdashery as they are local to me (20 miles away) and i love the fact that you can buy by the meter so that you can try a new colour before buying a larger amount or just buy enough of a particular colour for printing something specific.  i just wish they also did the same for abs but i understand why they dont. i will likely just buy strand packs of abs from the 3doodler site as its easy, i dont use abs very often and my printer runs on 1.75mm not 3mm so no real benifit to me to buy drum loads of the stuff. i selected abs as the option for my free plastic so that when it arrives with my doodler i will have plenty of both to play with and last a while!
@diego - i really don't know.  i use amazon.com for most everything, you could see if they have an option for shipping to peru.
@diego have you take a look at monoprice.com?
@wobbleworks that's nice to hear! @amanda @nial i am from perú, and faberdashry wants th charge me 50.0$ just for shipping. that amount is ridiculous, and there are not any trusted plastic suppliers locally. do you know any others plastics supplier from which i can buy? i really want to try different types of plastic (although with 125 strands i have some serious 3doodling time). :)
@amanda, @diego - plastic is being packed inside the box. all of it. we created a special card insert that can hold up to x5 packets within the box.
@diego - i'm certain they are packing all of the plastic that you paid for initially.  i am guessing the price online does not reflect shipping charges for plastic (it seems too low for that, maybe just barely us shipping).  they likely cannot pack it with your order, as that would add a lot of hassle to their "flow" of shipping. @nial-i'm ok with the low level of glow that they give off, and also, i'm a sharpie-a-holic.  i plan on coloring most everything i make.  if i wasn't getting glow, i'd probably get the "silver" type color, which from the sounds of it, is even more "disappointing" than the glow plastic.  i also figure that since it's the same price as normal plastic (on amazon), it'll be more fun to build random structures with glow plastic than with black or white. as an aside nial - i know you have experience with pla,: is it really as biodegradable as some say it is?  i live in a wet climate, and some have said that this is enough to cause their pla to degrade so much it's unusable.  i'd stick with abs, but my current source is out of stock of abs in the colors i want.
the middle of the month is coming up fast!  cant wait for the next update that will hopefully give us shipping details and plans... i bet the guys and their production team are in overdrive currently getting our first few thousand units finished, through qc and picked & packed ready.
@laird - love the sonic screwdriver! thats awesome!
guys, i urge you to just wait till you have tried the glow in the dark plastic thats in the bonus pack. some people love it and others dont. it depends very much on how much direct sunlight and strong light it gets during the day. if you are going to be making things that are going in a bright and sunny room that is also quite dark when night sets in etc.. then it looks amazing. however if its going into a fairly dull room that has small windows or no direct sunlight or much indirect sun light rhen it can appear quite dull. you can of course boost it by putting it close to a super bright led torch or similar for a few mins but mostly it just depends on the room and sun exposure and lighting. the last thing you want is 100m or even 1kg of gitd plastic and it not work too well in your home, as alone its not a great colour without the glow, as i mentioned before, on my 3d printer i have printed 100's of glowing stars and planets, ufo's and the moon etc.. for the kids and lots of friends and family as well as printing a few misc models too. i have seen the differences in performance and it does tend to vary. that said, it is awesome plastic and i am lucky as the bedrooms in my house, my brother and his kids house and some others i have printed for have lots of light to get a good strong glow going for ages! but there are a few places where they hardly work.  just a little heads up as i know everyone is excited about the glow in the dark plastic and since every one will have some in their box, it wont hurt trying it out first to see how it works for you before going out and buying a full drum off it. (obviously only buy the best quality as that can drastically alter performance and brightness. dont forget that here in the uk we have faberdashery.co.uk who sell it (and all colours) by the meter (min of 5m @ £0.34-£0.39 per meter) but they only stock pla.
i can't wait to hear their update in regards to shipping methods and the new website they launched! i really want to buy some pla, but i dont know if the price includes international shipping, or if it could be shipped along with my pen. by the way; from the photos you posted, i can not determine weather you are packing the whole plastic we have paid for or not.  for example, i am an october backer (75$) and i upgraded by paying 24$. in addition i should be receiving the bonus pack you offered for every backer right? if i am right, i should be receiving 125 strands of plastic. someone please correct me if i am wrong (i may be)
if anyone is curious, i've posted a few photos of 3doodles on my blog, http://kickrev.blogspot.com/2013/10/3doodler-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen.html .
@laird - that is so awesome.  thanks for the clipping tip - i'll probably gift a pair of nail clippers with my dad's.  it's also awesome to hear that "fixing" it is easy enough.
thanks @hazel! demoed the 3doodler at the orlando mini maker fair over the weekend, and the kids loved it. one thing to be careful of, though - when you swap out one piece of plastic for another, you need to be careful to clip off the melted end of the piece you take out, so that the ends are both square. this allows each piece to feed in behind the previous one to push it through. if one of the pieces is a melted point, it won't push through. if, as i did, you don't do this and a short piece of the filament sticks between the motor and the nozzle, it turns out that you can easily unscrew the nozzle and use another piece of filament to push the stuck filament back to where the motor can pull it out the rest of the way. the nozzle is the same size the tips of a screwdriver with replaceable tips, so you can unscrew it with the screwdriver by taking the tip out, which was painless. after that, we keep a fingernail clipper with the 3doodler, and remember to clip when changing colors. if you just use each color until it's done, then feed in the next, you don't need to do this, of course. the 3doodler extrudes about 10x the length of the filament you put in, which sounds like quite a bit, but given the level of enthusiasm i saw, i already placed another order for filament.
@gadgetman - i'm getting around some of that (initially) with a quarter kilo of glow plastic and a quarter kilo of white plastic for the person i'm getting a christmas gift for.  getting a kilo of plastic isn't that expensive, and if you pick glow, then it's already awesome, and if you pick white, they can easily decorate it with sharpies and such.
second the 'gift card' wish.  i'm giving mine aways as a christmas present, and with cards available, my brother won't be too annoyed at me for giving stuff that needs 'expensive' consumables to his kids. (yes, i'm aiming for the title of 'best uncle ever' )
oh man, i like that the plastic store exists! i've already planned my first big plastic purchase (at my rental house, we're receiving four pens for four people, so we are splitting two kilos of plastic), but i can't wait to go back for samplers of other colors! two questions: will a quicker-to-load product page be available in the future? i'm not sure what it is, but the product page took me quite a while to load on my end, and i tested some other pages.  it may just be bogged down, but a simpler product page might be nice for those on phones, tablets, older computers, etc.  also, will gift cards be available in the future?  i'd love it if there were monetary ones, or ones that are "one 25 strand set of plastic, plus us shipping (uk shipping, international shipping)" - so i could buy one to give to my dad and he wouldn't have to pay shipping on a present (and so others could have that same luxury).
hello folks ;) i went on the 3doodler web-site and tried to sign up but i didn't found where are login-pswrd.  do we aleready have sign in login as baker or do we have to create it? and if we have to create it..how? thanks to all
as a follow up on below's post by nial, i dont think we will see a completly wireless pen for a few year to come, but maybe we can get a battery like a laptops in the future so people can also work for a few hours in a place with no direct power.
its a very well made site indeed, a real pleasure to use!  its another example by w.w. of how much thought and detail they have put into this project, product and importantly the brand and future expansion and development. you have to applaud wobble works for the work they have done so far.  its almost the perfect example of a crowd funded project (one of only maybe 10 since kickstarter & other cf platforms went live) with them focusing on long term goals and not just producing and shipping a product then disappearing. its pretty obvious they are in this for the long haul and i am excited to see where this goes post kickstarter and what happens in the next couple of years! hopefully continued development of affordable 3d design tools (handheld and otherwise), the fabled multi-nozzles (either for the current pen or a future model) and who knows what else... i have a feeling some of the things we will hopefully see in 2014/15 will be a cordless pen (maybe... as it would need some serious batteries), an interchangeable nozzle system with some wide ones for creating flat strips, maybe a smaller model pen using 1.75mm filament (less plastic means less heating needed and smaller drive parts etc), a docking station would be cool (maybe those exposed terminals on the doodler have a 2nd use for a future add on..?? who knows? but great things im sure! i am very happy to see that the money we all pledged has been managed wisely and invested in all the right areas to keep this brand running long after we all get our pens! i cant believe its only a few weeks till october rewards start arriving! time has flown since march!
@keith - i know right?  their facebook page is another good one to check out if you haven't - lots of updates and doodles.
just happened to check on the official 3doodler website (hadn't been to it yet) and damn they did a nice job on that!
@nial - they said on their ama that october backers would go out in two shipments, one mid-october (like the 15thish) and one a week later. as for glowing, i'm buying a whole kg of either glow pla or abs, i figure if i want colored models, i have plenty of paint and sharpies to last me a long time.
agrh! so jealous but also very happy that its meeting and exceeding everyone's expectations! i hope my october reward is a quick ship! 3doodler is bound to be in the top 10 inventions/gadgets of 2013, even top 3 on craft, 3d printing and design websites & magazine lists. its actually likely to be the best 3d printer out this year technically, as its smashed through the price floor, made 3d plastic extrusion printing/art/design affordable and accessible to pretty much everyone and although lacks the accuracy of a printer you do get that personal touch and flair with each model/print you make and alot more freedom of movement, which of course you dont get on a programmed machine following exact code. make: and other tech/gadget mags will surely list it in the top 10. i cant really think of any other inventions for under £500 that have hit the mark this year... @wobbleworks - have you decided on uk delivery yet? just please don't use standard mail (usps or hongkong/china post) as every single package will get stopped, held for 2 weeks then we get charged a fortune in tax and ridiculously expensive handling charges. dpd from within europe would be amazing as would dhl worldwide or global express for us uk and northern eu backers. do you have an approx shipping date for october rewards yet? will they all go out in one big shipment or will you be shipping each day or so working down the list of backers or shipping by country? time to get an order in to the awesome guys at faberdashery to get plenty of pla to see me through. they do an awesome tester pack that is perfect for the doodler... 100 meters of 3mm pla in 10 meter (~28ft) coils of each of their 10 best selling colours for just £30! thats some serious doodling time! they also stock a great glow in the dark pla that i use with my 3d printer for making stars and planets etc for the kids (and everyone elses kids too!) to have in their rooms to glow at night. 3doodler would be awesome for making those and would save so much time having to warm up the reprap, load the filament, find the right files, then watch it take 2 hours to print a bed of 8 or so together. i reckon 3doodler could do decent looking stars (with a bit of practice) in less then 5 mins per star easily and you could actually be more creative then the printer can. cant wait!!!!
the package has arrived.. now i need to open it. quite happy with the courier, in the sense i was expecting it to get stuck in customs for a week at least.
hi hazel - we've been listening to preferences that backers have expressed and taking that into account when shipping to certain countries, but we aren't able to give everyone their exact choice of shippers; just a close approximation on a country by country basis.
to those whose 3doodlers are on the way: did the team ask you which courier you preferred? i was under the impression that they would, from this answer they gave in the faqs: "we are open to shipping suggestions, and we know that some of you prefer usps to fedex, ups, etc. by all means drop us a note at dispatch time (not now) and let us know." so i just wanted to know if they really did this, or if they just ask you for your address and nothing else. thanks!
@laird, wow, i am so jealous! glad to hear that it was a good experience!
woohoo!  go laird! ak/stuart - stupid knockoffs >.<
there's a knockoff of your pen on ebay that uses your picture. http://www.ebay.com/itm/new-3d-printing-pen-3d-doodling-pen-3d-drawing-pen-for-3d-prototype-modelling-/151128802057…
just got my 3doodler, and it's awesome. perhaps more impressive, the 3doodler founders skyped to watch the un-boxing and first use, to see what happens when people get their hands on it. i would say "normal" but i'm not sure we quite qualify. so, very impressed with the 3doodler, and even more impressed with the wobbleworks team! reaching out and connecting with customers is smart. doing it in person on a skype session with the founders at 9 pm is super-cool. and they showed me their eiffel tower. i hadn't realized how huge it is! amazing!
i am so excited for my pen!!! 28 days on the clock for it to arrive on time!
@marie - dhl (like all others) have various tariffs and unfortunately the cheapest ones do end up at the bottom of the pile, literally and figuratively (these are normally items with no value declared and lightweight packing (all international mail should be boxed and padded imo). i have been dealing with dhl for years and they have always been good.  also the bulk programs i am talking about use a totally different and much much safer system and if what sam has said is correct then it sounds like they are using a partner which is good news and dpd are the best couriers there are! hands down! @lisa and sam, if your packages are with dpd allready then they have cleared customs i am 95% sure! they are a purely eu company and 3rd party carrier for some of the larger courier companies. they are fast and have proper live tracking! (all thier trucks/vans etc have gps trackers so you can watch your delivery moving around!! germany are hardest in the eu for imports but as i said, if dpd have them then they have shipped from within the eu so wont be held at customs (unless you are extreamly unlucky (like 1 in 1000) and have a random check which only takes a max of 24 hours) i would think (fingers crossed that you will both have your pens by the weekend or early next week at the latest. it does look like the wobbleworks guys have done their homework and picked a great shipping solution! thats good for everyone here!!
there's a "3d wand" on ebay, you guys got a patent on this stuff?
my tracking number to germany is also for dpd. tracking says it was picked up in amsterdam at 15:50 today. i have to admit i'm not too happy about dpd - they managed to break stuff in the past that i thought was indestructible. but they are usually fast, and i won't have to wait for customs (takes ridiculously long here), so i'll probably know in a few days.
my tracking number in the uk is for dpd (uk).  i think from the tracking website its in country already. or hope so at least, its not entirely clear.
@nial a project i'm backing (lumio) is having a bad time with dhl (overstatement of the value, bad packaging, lot of damages to  many packages, huge taxes, customs fees, customs handling fees even in countries that are not renoun to impose them).
nice! so jealous im not in that first 100 tho! although i am in the october group and only just missed the early bird slots so hopefully not long to go! from the pics of the first 100 i can see that the packed ones are in dhl shipping bags. if they are using dhl then that's very good news indeed as it keeps delivery times low and fast tracks customs in most countries (certainly the us, china, uk, canada, france and australia from experience) i'm only guessing and it sounds like we will find out for sure soon but since they are going to be shipping 26,000 packages to 26,000 addresses over the next 6 months i would imagine that they have secured some serious bulk shipping solutions from dhl and if thats the case then dhl have their excellent global express service which is a series of huge international sorting hubs in asia, europe and the us where they can ship to by the pallet load then dhl ge would split them up and send them on to their destination via their the standard dhl network or using local mail services from within customs zones (eu, usa etc..). dhl g.e. and ups mail innovations are the only serious option for a small(ish) business without its own distribution centers, to roll out a product direct to end user on this scale.
the 3doodler team are doing a reddit ama (question session) at http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/1ndrrr/hi_we_are_the_3doodler_team_ask_us_anything/… 1pm edt sunday 29th
@marie - i can say for certain that they plan to have excellent customer service.  they are a little bit of a skeleton staff right now though, mostly because they had a large surge of income, but won't get a more steady stream of income until the february pre-orders start getting paid for and going out. that being said, they are willing to change that now that pens are shipping, if customer service calls for it. as an aside, i was on a kickstarter where every day the creators were commenting and updating, and their customer service now is terrible.  you can never predict what'll happen. @janardan- as a rule of thumb, if it took the 3doodler a half a year+ for testing and perfecting beyond the original design scale, i wouldn't expect decent/good clones/ripoffs/alternates to come out until mid-2014, and at that point, you'd be able to get another original. (and i would never purchase one that starts with "3d" unless it's an original.
there will be a shipping update soon, which will include a brief outline of methods to be used, expected delivery times, tracking know-how, etc. but we are still optimizing our methods so that you get your pens quicker and without hitches at the border. this is an ongoing process for any company, but rest assured we are working with an amazing logistics partner, and we'll publish the finer details before your parcels go out.
@juan: pls do not pledge for the 3dsimo. very sad. i almost pledged for it, since it seems to be a cool gadget with some interesting functions. but after a few google searches, i suspect that is might be a scam project :( let me know what you guys think of it.
and that they will respond to comments on shipping (and others) from time to time (last comment date back 14 days ago). this is probably the most important issue that i have with this project to date. i just hope it's not indicative of future customer service.
i certainly hope that 3doodlers that goes to canada will be shipped from the us.
@diego, @nial, i agree that it's surprising that we haven't had more updates or at least more information in the updates. videos would be nice. it seems like wobbleworks is on time with the project and that's really what's important, but providing more/better updates to their backers would be nice.
@nial what i said was jokingly assuming that they had developed several 10's of prototypes, and you would be handed one of them. again, i said that because i am studying the terms lifo fifo at my business and management course, not with the intention to create any sort of discussion :) and in regards to what you said, yeah. i check my e-mail everyday in search of new updates, considering we are only 4 days away from october, where around 2500 pens should be shipped. they said in the faq that they would provide information on the decibel count of the fan (which seems pretty loud on the videos), as well as provide with pictures and videos about the manufactirung and quality control. in addition, i have noticed that the community is not as fired up as other ones. i am a backer of a project with "only" 700k in funding, and has more than 30'000 comments. this 2.3m$ one has less than 1'200. with deadlines coming, i would love to hear how everything is going.
@diego, since pens are only just starting to roll off the production line i somehow think your thinking somewhat flawed. september is an odd one as there are only 100 units going out (im guessing they will use that as a way to gauge shipping times etc maybe...? if production is rolling and they have say 1000 units ready when the september rewards go out then i would think they will just continue shipping as more and more units are ready to keep a steady flow going or at least batches of 100 or so at a time. i doupt they would attempt 2500 at a time (although i could be wrong). i would really love to hear about how the shipping is going to work as its going to make some big differences to people depending where the final package (your single 3doodler) is heading and where it was split from the bulk number. as i previously mentioned, a delivery partner like ups mail innovations or dhl global express would be best as then the palette loads of units destined for eu and us destinations could be bulk shipped to a eu/us depot and then be split to go to the various countries and states without going through full customs which would cut 1-4 weeks off the time which they would of spent at customs if coming from outside the eu or us and save us from paying ridiculous import rates and duty. i know a few international companies that have started doing that and it works well. if they decide to ship using a standard service from china then its going to be a couple of weeks of transport then another 7-28 days at customs + charges and handling costs which will need to be paid by cc before local mail will deliver. if they ship from the us then us backers will be fine and get theirs within 2-7 days, but backers from everywhere else will have pretty long waits for shipping and customs. being this close to eta and them being on schedule i would hope that this is all squared away by now and sorted. i am a little surprised we are not getting more updates and photos/videos from production, for a $2.3mil kickstarter i would expect alot more info at this point. that last attempt at a 3d pen someone posted looks terrible, the shape of it would make it nasty to control. its the ones in the same shape and design of the 3doodler that are the problem ones. wobbleworks don't have the patent or a copyright for "a 3d printing pen" but alot of the ones that have popped up have either been direct copies or very close to and even some counterfeits, thats the ones that will attract trouble. over the next 6 months we will see tons of copies start flooding ebay and amazon etc.. the main thing is that wobbleworks get theirs released first and it being the best quality and easiest to use.
@anezka i think that is lifo and fifo seen in regards to orders. i was talking about lifo and fifo inventory control methods, where (as you mentioned), fifo would mean the "pushed through tube", meaning that (in regards to pen production) he would be receiving pens manufactured a while ago, thatt is why i jokingly said that he would be receiving an old prototype.  @marie-andree @wobbleworks yeah, it would be nice hearing how shipping will work for each continent or worldwide, as we are getting pretty close to the dispatch date :)
would be great to see wobbleworks comment on their shipping strategy (ies), at least for major countries (or even continents).
@allison it depends on what month your backing slot is. september is shipping in about a week, theoretically october is shipping in about three weeks, and november and beyond will ship near the start of their months(maybe earlier). beyond that, shipping time will depend on destination-probably 3-5 days for usa, and up to two weeks for international, not including customs delays.
@diego i am afraid that you may not understand terms lifo and fifo same as people around me and i do. lifo means last in first out and according this first people getting the pen would be february backers; fifo means first in first out and does not say anythig about how long are the variables in the queue just that they are taken and used in same order as they were saved (pushed through tube, as opposed stacked on each other and taken from top in lifo) @nial @wobbleworks indicated few times that they will handle the shipping in fifo like fashion (mostly when what to do with "unused" spots was asked - backers from next month will be pushed up on fifo basis) i would imagine that the shipping will be done in batches and that it does not matter much after that when you backed, it will make max a day or two difference and that is imho an overestimation.
@nial pearce then a lifo would give you more advantage. if they use real fifo, then they would ship you and old prototype lol. in regards to the shipping, the problem is that i live in perú. i don't know how many backers are from perú (it would be nice to know that @wobbleworks), but i imagine not much. when i order from china, packages take 20-30 days to arrive to my house, and i don't want that. if they use a partner like dhl, like you said, shipping would be much faster and easier. what i proposed is having them shipped with said partner i know it is more expensive, so maybe we could each pay i don't know... 5-10$ more to have them shipped faster, more securely, and without paying as much taxes? it looks pretty straightforward, easier, and in the end cheaper from my point of view. correct me if i'm wrong, as i don't really know how logistics at that scale work
when will i receive my product?
@juan carlos santana the case of their pen looks like it was 3d printed. what a poorly executed imitation.
fyi: some ones copying your idea.... http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/3dsimo-the-amazing-3d-pen
if early birds are going out in a few days it means october backers should follow in a week or two hopefully! and im hopping they are shipping on fifo status as i backed at about #400 in the october slot (about 5 mins after it went live!) cant wait!.
@diego - extra shipping options is extreamly unlikely. could you imagine having to sort 26,000 backers and packages with extra payments, choosing different postal rates depending on country etc... it would be a nightmare! i'm guessing these are shipping from china but i dont have a clue what carrier they are using, i would quite like some clarification on my previous comments about shipping all eu based orders through a partner like dhl global express or ups mail innovations, us orders to go through the usps system that is available from china post and the rest of the world would be through china/hongkong post as its actully the quickest to asia, south america, australia, nz, russia and so on.. if they are being shipped from the us then usps is the obvious choice but it means all of us in europe are going to have a fair wait on our hands as eu customs, particully uk boarder force and german customs as they monitor kickstarter and look out for packages from china or the us that are kickstarter rewards and scrutinize the heck out of them before charging us 21% of the value for vat and another 4% for duty and £12 to 15euro for the countries post office in handling fees!  the 2 special courier options are far better as they get fast tracked through customs by entering the eu through belgium or the netherlands where they process packages faster and then get added to internal eu mail meaning no vat, duties or handling charges!!
so exciting! i hope i have time to enjoy mine during the holiday season.
woohoo! that's all the confirmation i need to say they are still on track!
i've just received an email to confirm my address, requiring me to update it before 29th september, as they'll be shipping by the 30th.. (earlybird). yay.
@diego - last they've said, they plan to ship septembers soon, and octobers in 3-4 weeks.  i agree, an update that that is still happening would be nice, but as of a month ago, that was the plan.  i think, logistically speaking, it would be difficult to upgrade single backers to their choice of shipper (based on previous kickstarters).  it would be nice, but it would be very difficult and time consuming. overall, i can't wait for mine!
1100th* (facepalm)
guys, at just days from ending the first scheduled shipping month, your more than 26k backers want to know where you're at, specially october/september backers. when should we expect an update? and what shipping methods will you use to countries like perú in south america? i would gladly pay extra for having them shipped faster than having to wait 30+ days for international shipments to arrive, as i do now. thanks! pd: this is the 2000th comment :p
not plastic, not glue, sand! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/703010673/sand-pen
cant believe its only about a month to go till my october reward arrives/ships!!! soooo excited to have a new fun toy to play with and living only 20 miles away from faberdashery means i have a fast and easy access to pla in every colour i could ever need! @wobbleworks - how are things looking your end? if you are going to be on time you must be in full production now and possibly even at the start of printing shipping documents and preparing boxes etc for the early birds and october backers (like me!) have you given any thought to using a delivery partner to avoid us all from our rewards getting stuck in customs for stupid amounts of time while they squeeze as much money in tax as possible out of us?? ups mail innovations is a good service! they take large amounts of a shipment on pallets and get them through the fast lane at eu customs (normally a smaller eu country like belgum is used where delays are short and processing quick) then they simply split the batch up and drop them in to the regular mail system so that where ever they are heading within the eu they will not have to go through customs for charging and will just go straight through and into the destination countries own postal system. its a quick and easy service and ideal for this kind of product and numbers and not much more money then standard usps international options. dhl offer a similar service called global express where they do the same thing and import the pallets of orders (normally stacked with larger boxes containing 6/12/24 units inside all pre-addressed to each backer) to holland then they are separated and forwarded on to backers through either their own eu or na delivery network or again into the local postal system for the trips into the various destination countries. shipping is where the problems tend to occur if not thought through (see pebble and the eu entry issues it had especially in germany where they stopped every pebble until a bunch of missing declarations about the batteries used were sent to the customs holding centres). on a $2.3million dollar project that has had 2 years of planning etc.. hopefully all these things have been addressed. thanks guys!
@nial & @rodney n singapore charges tax on items over sgd$400 in value if they're being purchased for personal use.
+1 to what nial said about customs and eu. it indeed would be really nice if it would just be manageable for wobbleworks to have a distributor inside eu. since at least in finland one needs to pay the vat (usually 24 %) and custom fees (percentage depends on the kind of product) for everything coming outside eu costing more than 22€. and what is especially ridiculous, what i learned with another kickstarter is that one needs to pay the vat and custom fees from the total value including all delivery fees. so this at least in finland.
@nial.  australia only charges tax on items over $1000 in value if they're being purchased for personal use.
fyi - people in europe, you will need to be prepared for some delay and import duty and vat etc.. in the uk it will be done when the pens enter the uk. if normal postoffice options are used (ie: usps, hk post, china post etc..) then the packages will enter the uk and be held for anywhere between 2 and 28 days to be processed by boarder force (hmrc). if they are shipped in via dhl/ups/fedex etc then it will be much faster but charges will still apply (20% of value for all items over a value of £15) the majority of the eu are the same. ideally wobbleworks need a distribution partner in europe and in the us so that large batches can be imported at the value that wobbleworks decide then they can all be sent out to all eu countries and vat and import duty is then not required and shipping will be quick and easy. if they only ship from china or the us then any country outside will charge import taxes! check your countries post office website for rates on imports. @wobbleworks - have you decided how and where from you will be shipping yet? i do urge you to use a eu based shipping partner for all euro based customers so that all us backers within europe dont get charged more money and get the dreaded customs delays. if you are shipping all from china/hk then same applies to the us.
show on bbc! way cool find kokobin: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-23990597
watched a demonstration of the pen on bbc technology show click yesterday.
@kvoram - yes, unfortunately. we had to head back to oversee production. @leymoo - we'll survey you before we ship.
i've moved house since i backed. have you taken address details off backers (i can't remember if i have given any, sorry) and if so where i can update them? thank you
did you leave ifa early? i was twice at your booth/desk with no one there... had hoped to get a glimpse of it.
@darby - we waited a little longer to get them even better pens, but they should have some results soon!
has anyone seen if the etsy artists have posted examples of what they are doing?
i am getting angry about all the copycats that are springing in here . they can not even change the naming part of it how pathetic. 3xyz, 3ghfdbla
unbeliveable that now even the magazine chip.de wrote an article about the "swisspen" ... maybe you guys should send them one of the original pens (yours) to make some checks and write an articel over the one and only not such a cheap copy -.-
is the pen as loud as most of the videos online (v.4) or has the fan got a bit less noisy?
thank you for let me try at the digitalfocus :d i'm waiting mine now ^^ and i hope to successfully do a stickman :p
will you all be at the ny maker faire in a couple of weeks?
in case anyone hasn't seen this yet, engadget got hands on time with the 3doodler, video here: http://www.engadget.com/2013/09/05/3doodler/ can't wait to get mine!
@hazel - i believe that they are using the best shipper for each country in general (though i can't seem to find where i think i read that).  they did say in their faq that you could drop them a line if you are concerned about shipping.  i believe they also said that they expect shipping to take no more than 2 weeks for all but the hardest-to-reach backers (or backers who unfortunately get their stuff lost in the mail, which does happen from time to time).  what this means for us (i'm also an october backer) is that we should have them by halloween/the end of october. that being said, everyone has their own shipping preferences.  i strongly prefer the usps, even though my local office isn't as good as my old one, it's still miles ahead of the competitors.  other people hate the usps, mostly because their local office is bad.  so even for us backers, there are shipping concerns.  i hope you the best in getting your 3doodler quickly!
i love the box's design! i'm getting mine this october and i honestly can't wait! what shipping options are available to international backers? i'd hate for my 3doodler to be delayed because of shipping!
@richard: i get where you are coming from, but i actually feel the opposite.  when you think of the most open-ended toys children play with, they are usually stored in plain boxes, or not in a package at all - like lego (though the difference between the tubs and the kits is striking), tinker toys, lincoln logs, stuffed animals and dolls, etc.  whereas the toys of today are often stored in bright packaging that greatly inflates what is inside.  while you are right in that it doesn't quite explain what is inside, most packaging doesn't.  i tend to think that plain packaging means you have to think in order to play, while bright packaging thinks for you.  neither is an absolute truth, but i think this box fits in better with current packaging than if it was brightly colored.  sure, it may not attract all the kids who have been trained to look at shinies, but i think it'll attract the right sort of people who would enjoy the product.  i'm sure they'll find out soon enough if they ever get far enough ahead of the demand to get to retail in physical stores.
the packaging looks fantastic!!!
on the packaging: it looks nice, but the monotone appearance doesn't say a lot about creativity or fun. more importantly, it says nothing about color. imho this is the first device that lets you freely play with plastic (a 3d printer is a machine that does it for you). the packaging should feel fun and vibrant. i know this product is not aimed at children, but it shouldn't look like an architectural blueprint or a box for a swanky executive pen. it wouldn't take much to add life to the package. maybe just the funky logo in strong colors, along with a photo grid of great-looking doodles, even tight closeups that show off what it can do (and what is does is something people won't immediately "get" for a couple of years).
what are the dimensions of the packaging box?
@nial - just as an fyi, wobbleworks released a tentative shipment date for the september backers of near the end of the month (with up to 2 week shipping times).  for us october backers, it'll be closer to mid-month (to receive before halloween ideally). my speculation: from then on out, it sounds like they will be getting their shipments roughly once every two weeks, or twice a month, so backers might get their products early! (meaning that the last backers would get theirs in late december, others scale accordingly).  of course, that's just speculation (especially since the batches are all different sizes), and as an october backer, i am happy with my estimated delivery date.
@diego etc.. only 100 3doodlers are officially scheduled to start shipping in september (which could mean today or could be at 11.50pm on the 30th of september. unless wobbleworks have managed to claw back some time to get a head start on full production then the 3doodler isn't set to start shipping till some point in october and the same applies, could be the 1st or it could be the 31st. be patient, production of a brand new concept on this scale is a mammoth operation and shipping 25,000 of these with plastic etc around the world with all the correct paperwork for each country is going to be a very difficult job, likely harder by far then production, even if they use a premium pack and ship service by one of the main carriers like dhl or ups to deal with the logistics (which i doubt as its stupidly expensive) be patient, one the things get rolling and the team are used to how everything gets done then the shipping and fulfilment is likely to speed up, but the start will be bumpy as it is on all ks projects of this scale as its new and needs alot of work to get them into each country, particully in europe!
oh god, that one is terrible! its huge but it looks like it really struggles to extrude a decent amount of plastic. im guessing the guts of these knock off versions will all be the same rough design (not the wobbleworks design) as all the ones i have seen have been identical in features and the tiny amount of info about how they work. i wouldn't touch any of these as its obvious no real thought or testing has gone into them. i'm sure once the 3doodler is released then some better market competitors will pop up and likely bring some decent models to the world along side the 3doodler as you get with regular 3d printers. however if its going to be a decent quality then its going to need to still be way back in prototyping behind 3doodler to get the same quality. i urge that people stop posting links to these knock off sites on here as you are doing exactly what they want you to do and posting its link in here for backers with a longer wait to see and buy ahead of getting their official version. just send the url with a quick note to wobbleworks and then they can get any copyright and trademark notices worked out with their legal guys and issue cease and desist notices if they have over stepped the mark or copied anything they shouldn't. then if they continue then wobbleworks can take them to court over infringement of their design and/or patents and trademarks which will at least stall the sale of the knock offs. i strongly urge people to not even consider buying one of those as they will be largely untested and proven and possibly dangerous, certainly not meeting ce and other safety specs. i would guess wobbleworks have a whole team dealing with tracking these sites and getting take down orders and cease and desist notices issued as well as dealing with online stores like amazon and ebay to get any counterfeit or cloned devices removed.
i cant adjust or delete my previous comment so correction on my previous comment - "3designer.co.uk (link is dead) is now call "3dwand.co.uk"
cant wait for mine :) ps.heres another another so call extruder pen this time coming from a uk company started in june 2013.  www.3designer.co.uk not very impress with the design.
yeay!!!!! very excited!! sounds like everyone is really working hard!!  thanx team wobble!!!
from what i've seen of the swisspen/3dyaya so far, i'm really, really happy that i'm a 3doodler backer... at least then i know my niece will get the most awesome christmas gift ever... (i'm actually having problems finding something to top it to give to her brother. i kind of have to, too, as i'm his godfather... )
@diego & all - we have a "major" update coming soon. all is well, we've just been swamped with production (which is also going well), and will have a lot of juicy news soon.
more than a month has passed since last update. the pens are supposed to start shipping next week! update please
update please! production, shipping, etc.
@cyrill, that is exactly what i think they are doing by calling it the "swisspen". if you haven't seen it or are seeing a 3d printing pen for the first time, then by calling it that automatically makes you think of expensive top of the line watches, clocks etc, all things swiss with a very very high standard. the swisspen is none of those and is nothing more then a cheap knock off of the 3doodler. of course we are going to see similar designs come out over time from (most likely the big 3d printer companies) other venders and if they are still a fair way out then it is likely they are doing extensive design and testing of their own system rather then trying to copy the 3doodler. im not sure how tight the patents and copyrights are on the 3doodler but currently it is by far the best solution that has been announced. im sure others will come and have different fetures and designs and thats great, its an open market, but they need alot of thought and testing!! but wobbleworks will be remembered as the guys who invented the 3d printing pen and from the demos so far, it is pretty sweet!
i'm a swiss engineer student and i don't belive that at this swisspen is anything a swiss part. i guess they try to give buyers a good feeling so that they think it is a good quality. switzerland is expensive and to produce something at that pricelevel you need a chinese factory or a fully automated process at a huge volume. i never belive that this is from switzerland if it would then the price is to low. i still hope my february one is comming earlier -.-  (but good things need time unfortunatelly)
@gadgetman - it is the same as the 3dyaya! my sources are telling me that there is a little production factory in shenzhen who have copied the basic design and workings of the 3doodler but using the cheapest production methods and parts possible to maximize profit with no regard for end user experience! they are basically riding the hype that wobbleworks created here and then feeding off the people who have to wait till early next year for their 3doodlers who are frustrated by seeing a seemingly identical/very similar unit up for sale that they can get in (a claimed) ~60 days from now... the device is obviously a rushed and un-proven design of a far lower standard to the 3doodler that has been in pre-production for almost 2 years and uses quality parts and a seriously heavily tested design and setup. you can see on the examples they have published that their pen has far less control of the extrusion then the 3doodler with over runs/ooze all over the place (and that's their best examples!!). i would wager that the "swisspen/3dyaya" is nothing more then a simple extruder system with a basic and barely tested hot-end and nozzle that simply pushes filament through a heater and out the other end... no safety features, no variable control and a bad design of extruder that likely just pushes and pushes way too much so when you go to stop, it still has a load of compacted molten plastic under pressure in the chamber and barrel... i would not want to be holding something that is pushing 220+degree molten plastic at pressure through the cheapest possible parts that have had limited or maybe even no real prototyping and testing let alone qa!!! the 3doodler has had 1000's of hours of use already, all parts carefully selected and extensively tested for potential flaws and areas for improvement and the product that arrives in your hands will be a safe, well designed, tested and perfectly working product! the only things that actually get made in switzerland are watches, chocolate, cheese and clocks! (no offence to the swiss) the only comparable thing to switzerland is a design full of holes, just like swiss cheese!
happy to hear that production is still on track. can't wait to receive mine in september!
that's strange... the swisspen looks identical to the chinese 3dyaya copy... so, is it really made in switzerland?
hi kvoram - we told engadget that we would commence shipping in september, which, as planned, remains the case. we are currently expected to ship all units on time in the months we have committed to.
so, when are you planning to ship and in which quantities?  you responded to an engadget article about your competitor swisspen, which ships in october, that seemingly all kickstarter backers would receive their 3doodler next month (http://www.engadget.com/2013/08/21/swisspen/). is that true or was your response to engadget only telling half the story, since currently less than 1% of the 3doodlers are promised to ship in september?
the case looks like a direct copy on that one but there will be huge differences in the hardware inside the unit with the stepper feed motor, extruder system, feed system and of course the heating element/hot end and nozzle all being of much inferior quality and made of the cheapest parts available.  the 3doodler uses high quality custom parts, high spec motor, smart power unit, a very well designed heater, hotend and nozzle and of course has by now likely to have been through 1000's of hours of testing including torture testing units by taking them to their spec'ed limits and leaving them there for hours to ensure they don't burst into flames, and they would of pushed them well past their limits (as would the organisations who assess safety certification) to see how far they could go and what would be needed for a catastrophic failure (ie: nozzle blowing off, unit catching on fire or melting, motor burning out etc etc.. which of course these knock offs have not done (even if they say they have!) also if you look carefully at their demo prints you can see they are of lower quality then the early 3doodler ones. that pen obviously has less controll and less thought put into the extruder system and looks to fun too fast, too slow and keeps extruding way past where you want to stop. i wouldn't touch it, but im willing to bet that there are a good many people here who are too impatient to wait for the official design and have ordered one. its certainly a site that will get taken down once wobble works issue a cease and desist as it is a blatant and very obvious rip off of their design breaking copyright and patent laws.
the only difference i can see is that swisspen use 1,75 mm of plastics... the swisspen looks not so serious to me: no comments anywhere allowed (video...) and in the video it does not sound like a real swiss guy... just to be clear: i will stay with the original one. and when ww manages it to make a pen with 1,75mm filament i buy this one not the swiss pen (so i don't need to care what filament - 3d printer or pen - i need to use).
they are coming thick and fast now: http://www.swiss-3dprint.com/produit.php…
sorry - here is the link http://www.talenthouse.com/creativeinvites/preview/af569676998ce633e6262cc702195868/4046 again! thank you.
dear wobbleworks - cant wait to see your updates then! but in your busy day...could i ask you to vote on my little idea? we have a design competition here in the uk - at 100% design (great little product/interior/architectural design-centred exhibition in london). great publicity - not that you need any!
@dominic - we have a surprise for you that will make that even easier! @all - updates coming soon, we've just been swamped with last minute production needs and have barely had time to breathe, but we hope to have some good stuff for you very shortly.
dearest 3doodler - hope you like my idea...this is what i want to do with mine! i am simply bubbling with excitement about receiving my 3doodler in october....many thanks xxx http://www.talenthouse.com/creativeinvites/preview/af569676998ce633e6262cc702195868/4046
i'm sure there will be an update soon, they should be shipping 100 units in couple weeks!
it appears that trying to comment while being very tired can make your magic square non magical.
u p d a t e p d a t e a d a t e u p a t e u p d t e u p d a e u p d a t
come on... lets have regular updates...is it really going to make an impact on delivering this if you once a week give a brief update?
that 3dyaya one is the same one that keeps popping up on ebay and other online stores that are used by multiple sellers (and keep getting removed). its my understanding that the 3doodler is under multiple trademarks, copyrights and patents protection so these companies are breaking the law (not that they care or that it will make any difference). its also worth noting that buying a counterfeit unit is extreamly dangerous! they will have none of the safety features that took wobble works months and months to perfect. its alot of voltage, alot of heat and alot of molten plastic under pressure in an untested cheaply made chamber and nozzle... i believe the guys at wobble works have spoken to people that have purchased that counterfeit version and it is far from being a "working unit". its uses the same theories as the 3doodler for extruding plastic but without any of the testing and prototyping etc that makes 3doodler work perfectly (and safely) right out of the box! @calvinbean - having been burned many times by plastic from my 3d printer as well as burns from candle wax, i can confirm that they are a good comparison. in actual fact the plastic (certainly pla at the lower temp) is less painful as it cools so quickly after it leaves the nozzle (still i wouldn't advise that you test this!) the bit you dont want to touch is the nozzle or any metal piece of the hot end assembly that its attached to, its the hotest (exposed) part of any 3d printer/pen and having had the back of my hand burned several times by the nozzle on my printer when stupidly trying to rescue a print that has detached from the print bed, i can tell you that it hurts and and hurts alot! unlike the plastic that cools as soon as it leaves the nozzle and hits the air, the nozzle and exposed parts of the heater are always hot (when the device is powered and for a good few mins after power down) and hotter then the plastic as they need to keep the plastic at between 175oc and 240oc right up till it exits and of course need to be hot enough to heat the plastic quick enough to keep up with the constant feeding of cold filament into the hot end before very soon after being pushed out through the nozzle in a molten state and keep up with the demand of a long extrusion.
i can't wait to have my 3doodler! this is going to be so cool!
any new updates coming soon?
it's a well-known fact that chinese manufacturers 'scout' kickstarter and similar sites for good ideas to rip off. as most products on these sites aren't 'ready for production', they have time to 'fast track' their own development and have a similar product out before the original creators can. (they don't have to wait for days or weeks for a test run on injecton molding and the result being shipped. they have the mold makers, machines and designers all in the same building. ) even worse, some 'copy products' are even produced in the same factory that makes the original product! since the products are so similar, they often don't have to train the workers for the 'new' product at all. (but the people paying for the production run of the original product also has to pay for any training required)
@ wong imakr in london is stocking what i assume is the same pen i don't know why you need a 'license' to clone the design though and it's pretty impressive that they've brought the clone out faster than the original. is there any protection on 3doodler's design?
eh, imitation is the highest form of flattery i guess. you know have an awesome product when you have clones. not that it is a good thing itself..
another unlicensed clone? http://www.3dyaya.com/
valentines?  which year? ;-) unless you're on one of the pledges slated for delivery in february, you're probably safe...  fingers crossed...
at 230degrees(celsius) yeah, it can make some nasty burns. which is one of the reasons that the 3doodler has active cooling built-in. (plastic is safe to touch almost immediately)
when the plastic is melted, is it hot enough to burn skin? i mean, is it hotter than, say, candle wax? also: will these ship before valentine's day?
hurry! i'm feeling all doodly!
sorry, "working model" was a poor choice of words. just seen some write ups from people who have used that counterfeit and "working" is stretching the truth somewhat! "dangerous fake" is more appropriate. i wouldn't touch that thing! no safety checks or certification, no ce or fcc or any other official testing. 230 degree+ hot molten plastic, under pressure in an un-certified unit which is unlikely to have the safety features of the official unit = potential for catastrophic failure that would likely result in injury. avoid!!
that "clone" (more accurately "counterfeit") is surely a huge breach of the copyrights and trademarks of this, the official 3doodler! i cant believe they are even using the 3doodler name which straight away is grounds to have that listing and product removed and potential to sue them for all kinds of things. it was obvious that copies and similar designs were going to emerge at some point but i didn't think that a working model would get out there before the official one. i really hate the cut throat world of electronic product design and production and the companies (mainly based in china) who do nothing other than copy other peoples ideas that have been in development for years in some cases!
@darby - we left it open for a few more days for late-comers. and yes, they will be fulfilled.
the link to order more plastic is still accepting orders. will they be fufilled? xxox oct backer!
cannot wait to receive my pen!!! i am sooooo excited to be part of this endeavor!!! sincerely, jennifer hasara
shane, you didn't have to read all the comments, just the faq. but i'll throw you a bone; at this time, no the 3doodler does not support edible medium, at the very least it has not been tested. who knows, maybe they'll throw in variable heating as a surprise though.
hmm, its probably been addressed before, but damned if i am going to read a thousand comments. has anyone got a clue if this could be used for edible drawings? my initial thought is the temp is too high for it?
@zmocar your links seems to be rather gimmicky. i would not bet on it being a good clone (if it actually exists). it it also more expensive and seems not to have the features of the 3doodler >.< i would rather wait for my 3doodlers :)
i haven't read very far back into the thousands or so comments, but has anyone seen the 3doodler clone http://www.goodluckbuy.com/3d-printing-pen-for-3d-prototype-modeling-for-reservation-.html ?
@diego - we remain on track to deliver in the months specified for each backing level.
we are about to finish july. therefore, less than 3 months are left until the october rewards are meant to be delivered. is this deadline still going to be achieved?
excited for the progress and can't wait for delivery of my 3doodler.  then i can stop drawing with hot sugar.  just kidding.  definitely not me in the video, but isn't this cool?  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
even kickstarter is not free of scammers. i have a couple of projects on my backed list that are proving to be alot of false promises and dodgy dealings including one project that looks like it has run out of money to continue prduction so has gone to indiegogo under another name and the guise of another project to get the money to finish their kickstarter project which of course will leave all indiegogo backers without a product (most likely). i have seen projects here and on other crowdfunding sites that have done well, got very good press coverage and reviews and then in the end not delivered and you have to wonder on some of them that never showed any progress except a few prototypes and cheap merch (tshirts and stickers), did they ever intend on delivering and if so, how long ago did they know they were in trouble...? projects like this one and some of the other big ones are very obviously genuine but there is allways some element of risk backing projects by crowdfunding. however if someone didn't use kickstarter and saw some of these fake projects pop up on other sites then they would of course think "ooo great project, im in on that.." and back it not knowing any different. research into the people starting campaigns is key for sure.
indegogo also responded to my inquiry about the unauthorized website, and promptly refunded my charge. 3doodler also responded and advised that it was a sham site.  i wonder if indigogo might protect itself slightly by not allowing funds to be released until several days have past after initial funding to allow for some communication, but i also wonder if i would have recognized the scam in the first place if i had not participated in the kickstarter project. it is not that difficult to put together a slick video and pitch a project, even with no intention of completing it, but to duck out as soon as enough funding has been received. perhaps there is a market for a crowdfunded project verification service, that does a quick background/validation check before "blessing" a project with its logo and a linked off-site certificate?  new kickstarter project anyone?
@gadgetman - i completely agree, but i think that backers abuse the flexible funding.  some things make sense, and with a record - i can see people being willing to pay the $10,000 out of pocket, but looking for some funding help, so they set up a flexible funding, because if there's any help, it would be good.  but yeah, a lot of people just abuse it, when there's no need for a project to be that way.  if i ever try to start up my small business of hair accessories, i'd do it through flexible funding, as there's no big purchases i need, aside from shipping costs. i do trust indiegogo about as much as i trust kickstarter - in that i won't back on either until i have a darn good idea of what i'm getting, and what people are doing.  indiegogo was super fast about taking it down once it was pointed out, but it's hard to check the validity of every project, especially if it seems to be well presented.
indiegogo also allows 'flexible funding' campaigns... which means the backers are charged even if the target wasn't met. if a campaign is set up to purchase machinery or have molds created to start production, and the funds doesn't cover those costs. exactly what is the campaign starter going to do with the money? return them? (except the 9% igg takes for 'flexibles' that doesn't reach target) take a loss and return the money with the 9% added from personal funds? or in the case of recording an album, make an album with only half the tracks? in the case of restoration works(i'm backing a re-creation of the bugatti p100 'reve bleu' plane), should they just begin restoration work? (some restoration processes must be completely finished, or the object is destroyed. i know of a boat that was begun restored, they removed rotten boards on the hull, then had to pause while the rest of the money could be collected... that took too long, bad weather forced rain in through the hole, structural members began rotting. also, because it had been too long in dry-dock, otherwise good planking on the hull started cracking up as it dried... it ended up towed to deep water and sunk... )
given that thats the 3rd? fake indegogo 3doodler campaign i'm not sure i'm ever going to trust that site.
secondary update: it's been taken down.
update:  i contacted indiegogo about the fake campaign this morning, and was just contacted by a worker there that they would be taking action on it.
@speculist - the campaign was run through indiegogo, which is why it had your information.  however, it is not run by wobbleworks.  the person doing it didn't have to hack indiegogo, they just had to copy and paste the information from this kickstarter into a new indiegogo campaign.
wow. hard to imagine that someone was able to commandeer and spoof indigogo listings and order system, since this campaign already had my personal info from other orders (as i simply clicked on default order info to provide my bid).  i know they do not maintain the standards of kickstarter, but they do have some good projects underway. guess i will no longer be able to rely on them....
speculist, that looks like someone put up a copy of this kick starter there in order to scam people. you should cancel on indiegogo immediately and report that page.
@speculist - that indiegogo campaign looks to be completely fake.  delivery dates are all before ks delivery dates, and ww wouldn't open up more $50 slots this late.  i would un-back as soon as possible, as this looks to be someone trying to rip off the 3doodler to make some quick funds.
i just contributed to an indigogo 3doodler (adding to my kickstarter contibution/purchase).  is this to increase order size despite completion of funding on kickstarter?
@janardan; yeah, the price is a bit high... but then again, if that stuff works in a 3doodler, it will probably be worth it.  the same site also sells flexible plas, which can also be useful.
@averil - i have not heard anyone mention that (though it may have slipped by me early on in the project).  while i agree that it's interesting, i think between variations in wrists and 3doodle heights, a single rest accessory might be hard to market.  i would suggest using a wrist pad like those that are made for computer mice, and then adjusting the height with books as needed.
hi! not sure if this was mentioned before.. but it would be cool to have a wrist/pen 'rest' accessory for vertical 3d projects. for newbies (like myself) who are not confident, -something- to rest your wrist on while doodling intricate patterns away from the paper can be pretty useful. *imagines shaking* ah well, just a thought :)  can't wait for my pen in 2014!
@gadgetman: thank you for sharing the 2 new filaments: wood filament laywoo-d3 and sandstone laybrick. www.formfutura.com is a nice site, but the prices seem to be on the high side :(
@mark, @amand is spot on. and we just don't know the quality of every supplier either, which poses issues for all materials. @david - we'll confirm soon, as we are trying to drive it lower still (which will make that task easier).
can't even believe 5 months have passed since the start of this..... not much longer now :d i have a power related question - could we get any info on the wattage or amperage drawn from the power supply? i want to start thinking about ways to get this thing mobile and battery powered. or steam powered....or whatever ;) thanks.
@mark - i believe what they have said about nylon 12 is that they have not tested it with their prototypes yet, same with the wood filaments, conductive filaments, etc.  they only have a very small number of prototypes at the moment, and don't want to risk gunking them up yet.  as time goes by and the larger test shipments come in, they'll have more to mess with, and they'll test these other materials.  right now, they know it works with the two main filament types, which is their main goal.  if it works with the other types, that would be awesome, and both ww and all of us would be happy, but they haven't tested it yet.  in theory, it could work, but in reality, there are a million factors which could change how well it works.
it looks like there'll be a steady supply of "nylon 12" filament around where i am.  it's supposed to extrude around 210-235c.  i am assured that if 3doodler can do abs it can do this, but just thought i'd raise the notion here and see what the creators and assembled think.  would there be any issues with using nylon 12 filament for 3doodler?
wax and dyes... as i understand it, you 'draw'  pattern with wax, then immerse the egg in dye for a period of time so that the dye infuses the areas not covered in wax. if a previously dyed area is covered in wax, it will not take on any new colour, and will stay the same until the wax is melted off. or something like that, at least. (i've seen some eggs. they're absolutely gorgeous) i doubt the plastic used in the 3doodler will be able to replace the wax in that process. (it needs to seal the area it covers perfectly, and i can't promise that the plastic can be removed afterwards if you get  it to seal that well) but as an enhancement of the pattern, now that's another case entirely. i expect translucent or even transparent plastics will do well for those finishing touches. one tip: acetone can be used to smooth abs plastics. (there are a few videos on youtube showing some techniques )
in poland we make easter eggs using wax and dyes wonder if the plastic would work the same way... :) cant wait to test it.
don't know if it's been mentioned before, but there's a couple of new materials for 3d printers that might be interesting for 3doodling... http://www.formfutura.com/3d-printing/filaments/sandstone-1.75mm-3mm/laybrick.html 'sandstone'... http://www.youtube.com/watch… (video of it in use in a 3d printer) http://www.formfutura.com/3d-printing/filaments/wood-1.75mm-3mm/laywoo-d3.html 'wood' (40% wood actually. supposed to even smell like wood after printing) 3dprintingsystems have a rubber-like material, but it seems only in 1.75mm, and not currently in their store. http://www.youtube.com/watch… the sandstone and wood materials may be extra interesting for those building landscape models(dioramas, model railways and such)
1000 comments, wow!  still can't wait! i've got a ton of doodles in my head that needs to become reality! :)
@cengizhan - when delivery time rolls around, they'll send out a survey to ask for your delivery address.  they are expecting people to move, so you'll be able to update your address shortly before delivery.  the main reason they wanted it the first time around was so that if you didn't fill out the second one, they'd have *something* to go off of.  but you'll be able to update the address in a few months, definitely before the rewards ship.
how can i change my delivery address?  please help anyone ?
@marie-andree poisson yup. wrong project haha. i meant to post that on gustin's page but it teleported here! what sorcery!!
o great. thanks a lot
@david : it plugs into a wall socket. "and we are using a universal power supply, so provided you have the correct adapter for your country, 3doodler will work just fine on 110v or 240v."  there is more info on the main page, if you search "power" - there are several faqs about it.
hey, what the power source for the pen?
@amanda a. thanks for the quick reply - that makes sense now. early bird catches the worm and all that. you are doing a great job with all the updates and info you send out and i really cant wait to get my hands on the doodler. i missed any mention of my query on the update - sorry.
@dominic - the $50 early bird backers got a discount originally, as they were the first to get one.  the strand difference between a "normal" $50 and $75 backer was only 10 strands.  thus, charging the same amount to each to upgrade provides ww with a way to still only ship 6 total variations on plastic, and only have one upgrade fee.  they answered that in a comment on the update as well.  you paid that extra $25 when you first backed the ks.
can i just ask - the upgrade to extra colours for $50 and $75. i’m originally a $75 backer and jumped at the chance to upgrade to the extra colours - but i see for the $50 backers it is the same amount of bucks to affectively get the same deal - thats an extra $25 i paid for the privilege. i don’t know - maybe you have a legitimate reason for this but i cant see it currently. at tough times like this the extra pennies really add up. feel a bit - i dunno - unfair?
@mr. what - yes, 100%. that was one of our very first inspirations for the 3doodler.
will we be able to use this to patch/repair/modify abs 3d prints?
hi fe - yes, it will be ce approved.
i really hope the 3doodler has a ce certificate to avoid problems (like pebble had) with customs in europe.
speak of the doodler, and it shall come.
@marie-andree - i shall quote ww on this one "soon."  that was said six days ago, but there is no context for how soon "soon" is.  my prediction is by the 4th of july, perhaps even by the end of the week.  but that's all it is: a prediction, based on their previous response times.
we should definitely get pre-production/production updates by now. september is not that far for a project of this size.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
any chance shipments maybe moving along quicker?  just can't wait to get my hands on a 3doodler.
@ creator: is it possibe for you (when all this project will be over) to think about an apparatus on which we could fix the 3doodler and which have a system of software controled extrusion. like a 3d printer whith a romovable extruder?  sorry if i'm not clear but english is not my mothertongue. i don't know if it's possible looking to engineering and software development but it could be the next step of the marvelous 3doodler.
@janardan wrong project :)
@snailmeat thanks for the info. i'm still waiting for mine. i ordered size 31 so i can't help you with size exchange. you should try wearing them more often and they will stretch to fit u.
update about plastic is awesome. i keep hoping for a miracle and you guys bumping up the ship dates ;) lol
@stefan - sorry about that!
@stefan - send us a message to cs@the3doodler.com and we'll fix it on the text page.
oh no! my name is misspelled in the hof – what can i do?
@wobbleworks llc. i appreciate the link as well. i found my name on the list and the picture was awesome! it was so cool seeing how my name and many others made up an image of the 3doodler.
@nani - you are most welcome!! :) we really enjoyed making it for you all.
thanks for update #16. i have backed 52 projects since i discovered ks in december 2012, and you are the only one who has sent a link to a "hall of fame" thank you page!
@yvonne you must be mistaking some other "pen" for the 3doodler :p i still have 6 more months...supposing that there aren't any delays for the 3doodler. delays often plaque kickstarter projects, some projects exceed their estimated delivery dates by more than 6 months~1year! :(
@yvonne - nobody has been sent their pens yet. but you are really well positioned as an october backer.
enough already....where is the pen for me?   i believed, i invested, everyone seems to have the pen so we do the supporters get one?
design/production infos, not just marketing/promo ones in this update!
wonder what would be in the june update? :p
3d doodler at the le web conference: https://twitter.com/loic/status/342244386240868353 https://twitter.com/jowyang/status/342244843420012544 https://twitter.com/loic/status/342245219804266496
@erik, thanks for sharing the video and pictures. @amanda, i love oregon! i even went there for my honeymoon.
@erik- great stuff mate, thanks for sharing. anticipation is building...
here are a few of the better (still not great) images i managed to capture while craning my phone around all the people. seriously their booth was busy /all/ day. https://www.dropbox.com/sh/qxwtcg5xfc4nql8/o0wusyvwkp i also tried to grab some videos of them in use. i joined them and rotated so they weren't "vertical videos" and it's available in the dropbox link and on youtube. http://www.youtube.com/watch… i apologize for the low quality but i figured some people might like the images regardless.
well myles, it's not wakawaka power ;-)
oops, wrong project. is there a way to delete comments?
how many times does the red solar charging light blink in succession when you're charging in the sun? i've never﻿ seen mine blink more than 3 times.
@erik - that sounds awesome.  though here in rainy oregon, temperatures like that happen once a year, that was a cool observation!
i got to see 3doodler at the world science festival - innovation square in brooklyn on saturday. they were letting people use 3doodlers to practice with stencils and free drawing. their booth was swamped all day - i kept checking back in over the 6 hours i was there but there was no way i was going to queue and take away the opportunity for a kid to have fun with them. i'll wait patiently for my personal unit to arrive! it was pretty cool watching people try them out for the first time. kids jumped right in, some adults were treating them with all the apprehension of a hot glue gun and seemed reluctant to touch the plastic! i'm sure with more time they'd get more comfortable with them though. side note - it was approaching 90 degrees with high humidity but if that caused any problems, i didn't see them.
wow, thanks nial. i'm in since i'm definitely a first timer in 3d printing. but i will take a close look at your "review" and the other models that you recommend. it's still time for me to step out of it. the look of it still please me a lot though :-)
its a nice setup, a very good price and comes ready to print but has a long list of cons and potential problems as well as pros.. personally im not a fan but it is a nice printer for a 1st time user who doesn't want to do anything more then the odd tweak on the calibrations and just plug in and print. it is a very small print area. its got a lot of orders so you will be waiting for at 9 months to a year for it to be ready which i find pointless as there are printers out there that can do the same job with larger print areas and tired and tested extruder, hotend and drive systems that you can order and pay for today and have in 4 weeks!. there are new printers coming out on a weekly basis pretty much but with your $500 tied up in a printer that is a so far away from being ready something much better may come along as a printer you can order and buy which is not a kickstarter project and as such can have orders canceled and refunded and also covered generally by a warranty. im not a big fan of all those belts for x and y axis as its a lot of rubber/plastic that will wear and stretch. on a regular reprap all the belts are exposed and easy to get to so you can see and feel as soon as they start degrading and can be replaced in a couple of mins. its not a printer i am certain about and wouldn't put my money on it personally, i think due to the numbers that its likely going to be jan/feb 2014 before the first printers start to ship. the pre-production model worries me and i would advise against that unless you are happy to print new and revised parts and happy working with the software and firmware as well as physical tuning. the enclosed print area is nice to stop drafts and it looks pretty cool but its adding more parts to the printer making it more complicated and more to go wrong. im not convinced at all that its going to be any better then other printers on the market and the wait times are stupidly long in such a fast moving market. because of the year long lead times in the ever changing world of 3d printing with no way to get your money back if something better comes along, that is a major reason to avoid it. i can see there are going to be alot of annoyed backers who will order it and then in  6 mnths time when 4 or 5 new printers that are better come along on kickstarter or open market with shorter lead times and similar or lower price tags they are still going to have another 6 months to wait till their order arrives which may be outdated by then with far better printers with more features being available for less with shorter waits. i have been playing with their software/cloud printing suite and its nothing new per-say. there are plenty of free services out there that provide very similar ways to make simple 3d models and more are on the way. the recent doodle 3d is a nice example of a simple wireless print server with a very nice software package for creating some pretty cool models on a pc or tablet and just hitting print to print them! the built in raspberry pi is something that anyone could add to any printer. i have my triple extruder, tri colour/material prusa-mendel running from one myself as a wireless printer hub/interface which works really well. its a simple 20 min job to set up and install the software and drivers etc.. the recent rigidbot printer is the best pre-assembled printer and best value i have seen on here so far, it is a seriously nice design and a tried and tested system. if they remain on target for eta's for their kickstarter backers (which i think they will) then that would be a very very good choice of printer to order fro, their website and you would likely receive it before the buccaneer starts to ship. if you are after a nice little printer and dont mind following some simple build instructions to put it together your self then i would go for either the reprap pro/emaker huxley kit which is a really nice, small and very up-gradable printer for both pla and abs printing with a nice size heated bed. also its designed by the founder of the reprap community and designer of the first reprap printers, dr adrian bowyer who owns the company and oversee's the design and building of their printers and makes regualr upgrades as the market changes and new tech is available. i am currently building a small printer based on its design as a 2nd printer for model making and for doing long print runs of trays of parts. the reprap pro version runs as a bowden tube extruder system or if you buy the emaker version it can be built with a wade extruder and jhead hotend all mounted on the x carriage. both are tried and tested designs and 1000's have been sold without any issues. its also small enough that an enclosure could be built to sit over the whole printer (with a vent to let abs fumes out) to protect it from low ambient temps and drafts that can ruin an abs print in seconds. or if you want something pre-built for not alot of money and are happy with just printing in pla then head to http://printrbot.com/ who have a selection of small printers in both kit and fully built formats. these can be upgraded to use a heat bed to make it possible to use abs if you dont mind doing a little basic modding. the new $299 "simple" printer looks like a great option from them and is using a system that is tried and tested from other models but the price has been kept down by some smart re-designing of the standard printrbot type frame and movement system. it is going to sell very quickly so if you want in on a well made, simple, accurate and very very low cost $299 printer then now is the time to order if you are looking for a pre-built low cost 3d printer then i would go for one of the new printrbot simple's or one of their jr's for a nice and simple low cost pla machine. if you want something a little more up-gradable with a larger print area and able to print in abs as well as pla straight away then with out a doubt the reprap pro/emaker huxley is the best choice providing you dont mind building from a kit (it has every single bolt/spring/washer that is required + spares and is a pretty simple kit compared to larger printers and only requires a small number of basic tools). both are very good printers and i would go for either instead of the bucceneer as 1. you will get your printer for the same (or less) money very quickly (lead times are 4-10 weeks compared to 12 months!). 2. they are tried and tested designs used by 1000's of users. 3. they are an open design so its easy to fix a problem without having to piss about with cases. 4. parts can be purchased or made extreamly quickly and easily and fitted in seconds. 5. there are plently of mods and upgrades available for both and also huge communities of users to provide advice and assistance. if you are ok waiting a while for them to get all their kickstarter orders done then the rigidbot is also a very nice printer with a low price tag and has a huge print area. apologies for the long post everyone and for it being off topic. hoping 3doodler progress is going well and you guys are making some headway in pre-production. cant wait for october to get this amazing little 3d printing pen! its by far the most innovative product i have seen on kickstarter! it is going to be an awesome product and once kickstarter sales are clear then its going to be a seriously well selling bit of kit! the hype and build up to the release is going to be insane with everyone wanting a bit. 3doodler is exactly the kind of product that kickstarter is designed for. its unique, innovative, useful, creative and will create a whole new market within 3d printing. cant wait!
@nial since you are our 3d printer expert in call, what do you think of this project? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/pirate3d/the-buccaneer-the-3d-printer-that-everyone-can-use a good looking at a good price printer. is looking for this since ...
i'm not facebooked - please count my vote for glow.  :)
@nial, how many 3d printers do you own? i know you were an early supporter of the rigidbot and then cancelled near the end of the campaign. i think you were a supporter of the robo 3d too.
@tbog - if your ok building your printer from a kit (that includes absolutely everything + spares) then i highly recommend reprap pro who are here in the uk but will ship world wide for a reasonable price. the company is owned and operated by dr adrian bowyer who is the man who invented and built the first reprap printer and has designed and assisted on many more since. he invented the reprap mendel which over 40% of non-industrial 3d printer users use or use a variant of it inc prusa-mendel. he is also a co-founder of the reprap organisation/community.  they currently sell 3 models, all use 1.75mm filament (pla & abs) and have high perfomance heated beds :  : - reprap pro mono mendel - rrp version of the prusa-mendel using a bowden tube extruder system & super efficient hot end. uses a melzi control board. (this is set up so at a later date you can buy their upgrade pack (£230) which includes everything including a 2nd melzi for a slave to turn it into a 3 extruder system and print with 3 colours/materials from 3 extruders/hotends) £499 + shipping. -reprap pro multi mendel - same as the mono mendel but comes with everything needed to build a 3 extruder/hotend tri colour/material printer (absolutely everything!!) including 2x melzi boards (master and slave), 3x extruders, 3x hotends and so on... both mendel kits come with a seriously powerfull power supply unit easily able to run 3 hot ends, 3x extruders, 4 axis steppers and the bed heater. rrp produce their own version of slic3r for use with the multi extruder setup (configured for their equipment). any other slic3r app can be used for single extruder printing or multi if the app supports it. -reprap pro huxley - a small but very effective printer that is very very good at printing models and smaller items/parts. you can buy different nozzles for it (and the mendels) to make it even more effective that can be swapped over in just a few mins. massively up-gradable printer! there are countless mods and upgrades out there to bring this little printer bang up to date printing just as well as printers 2x the price. also uses a melzi board. £399 + delivery they are currently developing some more upgrades for their prusa-mendel's (mono & multi) including a pcb mode for the melzi that allows you to reroute control of the printer to an arduino due which takes over the stepper driver and heater drivers on the melzi board. (its available but still a prototype so its at your own risk currently) it is going to be released fully later this year along with some other upgrade options. they are the reprap company to go to for a full rr kit. obviously if you have deep pockets and can afford it then its easier to go for the rep2 or rep2x or similar if you want top spec results in a pre-built printer. personally i wouldn't swap my rrp multi mendel for anything as the results i get from it in abs or pla are amazing plus its such a good feeling building a printer yourself and then being able to use it, tweak it and upgrade it as and when you want with parts that mostly can be printed by yourself! i use a reprap pro mendel upgraded to the multi colour/material 3 extruder setup and have it currently set up with 3 extruders using 2 of the standard rrp extruders/bowden tubes and hotend's upgraded to cartridge heaters (which are standard now) with 0.5mm nozzles (i have 2x 0.3mm nozzles set up to swap out when needed). the 3rd extruder is the one i use as the primary, it has a heavily modified gregs accessible wade extruder for use with a bowden tube (non standard with push fit couplings) into a custom machined j-head hotend with 0.35mm nozzle (soon to be replaced with a t5 hotend from the recent therminator 5 kickstarter (a monster of a hotend). i love my printer and wouldn't swap it for a rep2x or similar. it depends if you want a kit or pre-built and on how much you want to spend. more money does not always mean better results and likewise there are plenty of low cost printers out there that produce some fantastic quality work for very little money.
have you guys seen this? mataerial the anti-gravity material that will blow your mind [video] - http://holykaw.alltop.com/the-anti-gravity-material-that-will-blow-your-mind-video#comment-73461
@tbog - check the most recent update ;)  i only really respond, as i usually don't have anything super cool to say unless it's in response to others.  i have very little experience with actual 3d printers, but from what i have gathered, if you want it to look really nice, you're going to have to do some work on the printer yourself, as even if you get something pre-fab, it'll shift in transport.  if you want something fun to make cute little companion cubes or other small prints for fun, a pre-fab kit with little to no adjustments is the way to go.  if you want to 3d print things to scale, or that will fit together perfectly (if you want to build another 3d printer or something), you might as well build your own, probably from a kit if you don't have much engineering experience.  the more time you put into it, the better your prints will be.  also, look into feed diameters - since 3doodler uses 3mm, you may want to find a printer that will also take 3mm plastic, so you can use the same batch for printing and touchups.
two days gone by and no word from amanda ... what happened ? i think i will buy a 3d printer before the pen arrives ... any of you have any experience with reprap or other 3d printers?
updated comment votes:  glow: 44  extra standard: 1  other kind (abs/pla): 20  fluorescent: 22  other (magnetic, metallic, conductive, etc. - not available in freebie to backers): 13  wobbleworks is counting the votes on here in addition to the votes on facebook. i'm keeping a tally, but it is very similar to the distribution on facebook, although facebook has 4000+ votes.
i'm not facebooked, and make my extra bonus the glow in the dark plastic. thanks!
@stephen - thanks :d  i answered for someone a while ago - i'm not doing this for pay/free stuff/etc. (though i wouldn't say no to it), i'm doing it because i think this is an incredible thing, and any amount of time that i spend answering questions for people, tallying votes, etc. is an amount of time that wobbleworks doesn't have to spend on it.  i can't make a 3doodler, but they can.  so if their time can be spent on the pen, rather than on here answering questions (like the dozens of people asking about non-facebook surveys), then there's a chance the pens will be here faster, or at least that they won't be delayed.
i think there should be a special achievement award for amanda  maybe a one of gold plated model or shares in the company
@john - they are still on track for shipping by the date you ordered for.  at whatever pledge level you are at, that is when they will ship.  (i'm in october, but there are slots between september of this year and february of next year).  still a ways out, but worth the wait!
when is projected shipping??
@xenatos- the user added options might eventually be in their store, though they won't be in the freebies.
@ken's lil' sister  you there? haha how is the ant jar coming along? i wan glow in the dark, just realized the other options on the fb survey had user added options too lol. a set of the other plastic is fine too. even more swell would be a set of the other plastic that glows in the dark! haha
updated comment votes: glow: 27 extra standard: 1  other kind (abs/pla): 11  fluorescent: 15 other (magnetic, metallic, conductive, etc. - not available in freebie to backers): 5 wobbleworks is counting the votes on here in addition to the votes on facebook. i'm keeping a tally, but it is very similar to the distribution on facebook.
glow in the dark!
i also in the "refusing to use facebook" club. my preference for the plastics is a sampler of the other type of plastic. thanks for listening.
i do not use facebook and therefore can not use your survey. make my extra bonus the glow in the dark plastic. thank you.
hi leri - we're taking on board all comments made here on ks too.
i would have loved to participate in your survey about wanting more plastics, but you used facebook.
@david - what are you talking about?  their pre-orders won't ship until after all the ks orders ship.  if you have a link to what you saw, you should post it, as there have been people claiming they are selling these.
not so happy that you released more options to buy that would allow earlier shipment than those of us that backed this product before the end of the kickstarter timeline.  hate to see that if i would have waited a bit that i could have received the product before 2014!!
@amanda, yes, i'm saying they could have, but were not obligated to. whether they should isn't for me to decide.
@stuart - aha! that's the issue - from the sounds of it, i had thought you were saying that they made so much, they should give us extra stuff.  i completely agree that they are not obligated to, although it's nice that they are (what with the whole "stretch goal" confusion of months ago.  i still don't think their profit is as high as most people think it is, but it is nice for us that they are adding a stretch goal for 25k backers out of that profit.
i'm also a september backer. i'm looking forward to trying out the 3doodler, before i give it to my daugther, who is an architecture major in college. @amanda, my only point is that i'm not sure why people think "profit" is a bad word on kickstarter. wobbleworks came up with a great idea and got pledges for lots of units during their campaign. they are going to make a lot of money and i'm happy for them. if kickstarter didn't exist and wobbleworks had to get venture capital money, the vc company would have taken most of their profits. it's great that ks exists, so a company like wobbleworks can keep more of the money they make. i think there's a decent chance that we'll end up seeing the 3doodler in craft stores at some point. i hope that happens and the wobbleworks creators get very rich! as for stretch goals. the real primary purpose of them is to keep pledges rolling in on kickstarter campaigns. stretch goals get backers excited and make them try to get more people to invest. the more people that invest, the more likely it is to reach the next goal. the 3doodler campaign was so successful that wobbleworks didn't have to cut into their profits by adding any stretch goals...they were getting more than enough pledges without adding any. the bottom line is that they didn't need to make stretch goals.
@amanda a i'm also w8ing 4 sep ... but the shipping to my country usually takes 20-25 days ...
@karl - you do exist :d
@amanda a, early bird, caught worm, waiting for september.  : -)
@stuart: i suppose we can agree to disagree.  i can't find the article i was speaking of, it was something along "why the 3doodler did so well" and talked about timing and a bunch of stuff (if i can find it again, i'll post it).  lots of kickstarters don't have any stretch goals, even when they do well (like the pebble).  overall, they could have gone either way, and from the sounds of it, they chose to take minimal profits per unit, and instead sell a ton.  personally, i'm glad for that, as i'm a broke college kid, and anything over $100 would have been too much for me.
@amanda, very good point about shipping. disagree with the rest. we're not talking about just exceeding their goal by a lot (say double or even 10 times), we're talking 8,000% with no stretch goals. good for woobleworks, that's an amazing amount!
@stuart - while that is true, the pre-orders aren't including shipping.  a lot of their profits on these ones are going to be eaten up in the shipping fees.  also, if you check articles, the $30,000 goal would have lost them money if it had just barely been beaten - they wanted a fully funded on the first day project ideally, but were also determined to get it to market, even if it came out of their pocket. so the 8,000% funded is a bit of an exaggeration compared to most.
@amanda, i think they are taking pre-orders the 3doodler on their site for the exact same price as the kickstarter was. a lot of times companies raise the price after the kickstater period. the fact that they raised 7,813% of their goal means they should have pretty large economies of scale in their favor. i agree, though, that some extra plastic is probably what they will offer.
@janardan - we can hope, but from the sound of it, they cut us such a good deal on the units that they aren't really able to afford something relatively large for each backer like that.  if we're taking bets, i'd put my money on double plastic.  whatever it is though, i'm sure it will be cool :)
maybe we will all get a base station or traveling kit/box as gift ^_^
@amanda,        they are in hibernation mode. they will pop out during august.
@janardan - i know right?  what intrigues me is not hearing from any of the september backers (or at least, not hearing them explicitly say they're in september)
weeeeeeeeeeeee. why ain't it october yet?????????????
@creator,        great to hear and that doubles the happiness and excitement for all the backers!
woohoo!
@rose. give us a couple more weeks. we haven't announced it yet, but we have something good in the works.
@rose: you know, i actually am not sure.  it *might* be the fancy-schmancy hall of fame they have planned, but i can't remember any specifics about the reward.
following the comments after a long gap. backers could you please let me know what was the reward announced  based on the update #10 and point #7 "7. rewards+: last but not least, we have far exceeded our humble goal. we do plan on rewarding all of our backers in some way. right now we are assessing the scope of what we can do, as well as working out logistical feasibilities, and coordinating with third parties. sit tight and we'll send an update soon." very excited to get 3doodler in november.
@tor : there are limits specifically in the hardware and product design category(ies?)  addressed in the kickstarter blog at http://www.kickstarter.com/blog/kickstarter-is-not-a-store , the limit is as follows "offering multiple quantities of a reward is prohibited. hardware and product design projects can only offer rewards in single quantities or a sensible set"    the blog details why this is. you are right, as there are many things that can offer multiples, but this is not one of those.  i believe there have been a couple projects violating those rules, and got stopped by ks.
a bit late now, i know :) but i wanted to address a point in your faq: "one of kickstarter's rules is that they do not allow for multiple/bulk purchasing" this seems strange to me - i have backed a number of board games on ks and nearly all of them had reward levels that included multiple copies - some even having reward levels aimed at retailers... also, many projects had instructions about adding extra copies of what was being made to the pledge, and then a question in the survey would ask how many you added... so it seems strange that ks would have rules forbidding offering multiple items...
@stephen: lol!  i don't plan on running the world, i just want to help others get better - i plan on being a teacher in a few years (going to college right now), so maybe in 20 years, there'll be lots of helpful people running around!  and checking your backed projects, i seriously considered backing almost all of them.  the college student lack of funds kept me from most of them though.  (also, the lack of a smartphone kept me from some of them).
watch out ww, amanda a might end up running your company if not the world. amanda it would be great if you backed a the projects that i backed :)
@damian zadora 5 days ago "is there any way to get a refund for a $99 spot for october? i've recently run into some money problems and this isn't as important" what i can suggest is that you try to find someone(preferably a friend) who's willing to pledge for the 3doodler on your behalf and get them to pay you the pledge$. once they have paid you, you can send wobbleworks llc a message with your friend's shipping address or something like that.
@amanda & darby - amanda's got it right again. we have not yet selected the postal service we plan to use for international shipping but there is a strong feeling (based on your feedback and our research) that usps or an equivalent from another country would be the way to go, not ups, fedex and co. for domestic shipments it remains up in the air and we will be guided by a combination of trackability, price and speed.
@darby: for international purchases, from their faq, they say: "we are open to shipping suggestions, and we know that some of you prefer usps to fedex, ups, etc." i'm not sure if they've even decided on a carrier yet, but from the sounds of it, they'll take consideration based on what people want.  i'm partial to usps myself, due to the forwarding that usps offers for address changes, but other people have different suggestions.  ultimately, they will likely choose the cheapest shipping option, as all three are relatively equal on a national scale (each have good areas and bad areas).
will this be coming by ups/fedex type or regular us postal mail?
@ww - pay me?  :p  (but seriously, i could use a job this summer...)
amanda nailed it. we're planning a web-based thank you to all of you. we actually have something pretty cool in mind (if our designer can pull it off). amanda, how do we get you full time for the 3doodler customer service team? :)
@marc : from the sounds of it, the hall of fame is sort of their list of backers that they will have on the website.  kind of like the final "thank you to: ...." section in movie credits.  it's just a small way to say thanks, and for you to be able to show that you were one of the backers.
what is the hall of fame?
please can we have some glow in the dark plastic in our starter packs? :)
@mycroft - we appreciate your concern. unfortunately we had very little choice in the matter as we have to get your plastic preferences now for ordering purposes and ks only lets us do one survey. as mentioned in the survey we will be sending out a further survey from an external platform nearer to shipping so you can all update your details. we delayed sending this survey by at least two weeks while we assessed the feasibility of that, and we're confident we can build, survey and reconcile without anything falling through the gaps.
fwiw, it's a bad idea to collect surveys 6 months before product ships—people move, etc.  a few kickstarter projects i've sponsored have had serious difficulty reconciling everything when they did that.
@sananaman, @wobbleworks has made it clear that they refuse to do that, even though many people have asked them too.
wobbleworks guys: i've ordered the 'extra plastic' package with different colors and so on. i was wondering, can't you just mix it with abs and pla then we can play around with both advantages. or at least put some pla in the package so we can try it out. just an idea... which whould have been my preference.
my goodness, i cant believe the amount of people asking stupid questions that have been covered 100's of times already and are also in the faq section. nearly all answers to questions asked in the last 100 or so comments are covered in full in the faq on the main page (which all backers should of read anyway) or been covered in the updates that get sent out to your ks account + your email account. please people give these guys a break before you give them repetitive strain injury from typing the same responses over and over and over! read the faq and go through the updates (or even scroll down a few comments as most of these are being asked daily) before asking a question which you already have the answers for.
and is there going to be any mention of that list in the manual for the 3doodler.
hi damian - please refer to amanda's response below, she sums it up well. unfortunately we are not able to offer refunds under any circumstances. jeanne - please tell us in the survey - we need all this data to head into our database via kickstarter! aryeh - they will be on our website in both a pictographic and textual (searchable form).
is there any way to get a refund for a $99 spot for october? i have run into some money problems
abs for me pleeeeze!
i would like to know where the names from the hall of fame will go. where will i be able to find the names. will it be in every manual, i assume not because that wouldn't be very practical but it would be cool. so where do the names go.
@nora - we'll send a follow up for up to date details late. @jonathan - we'll send the exact spec in a few weeks once we have the final version power blocks in our hands.
what type of power cord do we need? does it use kettle? or the same kind as most dvd players/playstation 2/3? what voltage, etc? there are a lot of different kinds of power cords...
having serious difficulty figuring out what plastic to go with. it would help if i could find out where i would be able to get replacement plastic from in my area, i.e. the uk... no wait, just found what seems like a good supplier: http://www.3d2print.net/shop/filament/filament-shop/ anyone got any other ones, or recommendations?
hi, just realized i missed some words for the address? how can amend it ?
a number of other projects i've backed (kal's cartoons, machine of death) are using https://www.backerkit.com/ to keep track of fulfillment for extended timelines. just a fwiw... i've never dealt with the backside of  backerkit, so i don't know if it'd be worth it.
hi peter - just a uk adapter or power cord, yes. the power unit we are using can handle uk. susan - that's really not the case. for the one opening in october we crammed in the first november backer, and then for the open slots in november we crammed in december backers, and so on. so in short, if you were one of the first backers with an earlier time slot you still get your pen earlier than anyone with a later time slot. the only people who got penalised were the ones who rashly gave up their spots and saw them filled by others :(
@amanda, that doesn't totally make sense to me. if there are still slots available in the oct and nov backings, they should have long been filled by dec/jan backers and slots opened in dec/jan if what you say is true. that doesn't seem to be what they say on the update, either. basically, it seems like if you were one of the first backers, you are still going to get your order later... penalty for being early!
forgot to ask!  i assume i will require a mains voltage adapter for uk use?
"plus two bags of mixed color plastic" are these of both types of plastic abs and pla
just completed my response for the address omgomg so excited!!!!
hi peter - you can, with the switch of a button :)  we only ask that you extrude all pla before using abs and all abs before using pla, and ensure you use the right setting!
hello wobbleworks,  is there a reason why you cannot swop around to use either abs or pla in the same pen? or do you need a specific pen with different characteristics for the different characteristics of the plastic used. hence why you are asking us which would we prefer to use?  thank you.
dave - due to ks restrictions we can only send one survey, but we'll be sending a separate "off-platform" survey down the line and at that time we'll ensure you can write your details in full. this time around the most important part was to check abs vs pla choices, hall of fame names (we want to say thank you properly), and get a rough sense of locations for shipping purposes. amanda - you rock.
when trying to enter address for reward for backing 3d doodler theres no way to enter an address outise usa? i made a comment in the address lone so pretty apparent that its holland instead of usa. maybe fix that? thanks
argh! replied to the survey via the mobile app... and while scrolling down my abs selection got changed to pla!!! i want abs! in plastic and flesh hahaha. couldnt edit the survey either :( (usually there is some sorta time limit to make edits )
@susan: that's been answered in a previous update, the spots are being filled in the order people backed. (so the first november backer is now an october backer, etc.) @damian: "kickstarter does not offer refunds. a project creator is not required to grant a backer’s request for a refund unless the project creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." so they might, but they aren't required to.  (from ks tos: http://www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use )
is there any way to get a refund for a $99 spot for october? i've recently run into some money problems and this isn't as important
hi, i originally signed up as a new year's backer, but since there are spaces left in the october and november slots (as i write this), is it possible to switch?
hi jerry - we're aware of that but there are things we needed to know now, so we sent one out and will update things like address details via an external platform later on. thanks for your concern!
wobble, you do know that kickstarter i believe only allows you to have one survey only?
hi amanda - yes - we'll do another survey before we ship.
question about the survey... i won't be living at this location in january 2014. after submitting the survey is it possible to update it later?
just sent the survey back. i thought i'd selected abs plastic, but somehow it got switched to pla. i want abs.
hi, thanks for sending the survey , just a little issue i put rigth my adress i even double check and it was rigth, still kickstarter tells me my address dosent exist, if there comes an issue with my address can u send me a mail please?, thanks and hope everything works, good luck guys, hope we can see those pens soon.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hi greg - as mentioned a while back these aren't part of the backing level/are not included. they will be available in due course, but for now we are focussing on shipping the pens and plastic on time.
hey, i was wondering if the holder and tips were still going to be included, or if they're an add on that we will have to add on.
photographing the glowing filament after exposure to a high-uv terrarium light or while under blacklight should get you the "super-glow" you desire.
@kenny - we'll be publishing an update on monday. more info to follow on production and plastics in the coming weeks too.
hi, any updates? pictures or videos on where you guys are at now?
well, at that price, you have to build the kit yourself. for an assembled kit, it's 455$ + 90$ shipping (i don't live in the us). that is still cheap i admit, but also ugly, without garantee, service, and not a retail product. i'm a believer in kickstarter, but not sure i want to hand out that much money on a single project (not a product yet)! but very promising for a future retail product. i would probably put 700 - 800$ on a product that i could buy at a retailer next door.
@marie-andree poisson, i get the too diy thing and possibly 3d printers being ugly, but the rigidbot printer kit is going for $335 on kickstarter. that's pretty cheap.
having studied briefly in industrial design some 20 years ago  (i didn't graduated in that program), i've watched for years the evolution of 3d printing. at that time, only auto manufacturers had them to help them fabricate auto prototypes. still a little bit too diy, expensive and ugly for my own taste and my personnal use though. but i'll probably get one in the next couple of years.
i never look for 3d stuff before too, until 3doodler came to kickstarter  now im a backer of doodle3d and rigidbot(big one) :-)
@wobbleworks, thanks for the link to doodle3d. it looks very cool and i just backed the project. i had backed the rigidbot 3d printer a few days ago (kickstarter.com/projects/1650950769/rigidbot-3d-printer) and doodle3d will be a great to use with it. i'm looking forward to getting my 3doodler in the fall! i never even thought about a 3d printer, until i backed the 3doodler and started thinking about 3d printing. all this money i'm spending is your fault. :)
that should have said "doodle3d", not "doodler3d". a forgivable slip!
we wanted to drop you a quick message about our friends at doodler3d. just launched on kickstarter (www.doodle3d.com/kickstarter), they've produced a very cool and simple sketching tool that we thought would be of interest to all our 3d loving backers. doodler3d lets you create a simple line drawing on an ipad or computer and then press ‘print’. then layer by layer the printer creates a 3d object from the 2d sketch using plastic. check it out!
@amanda - yes, there definitely will be. we'll be implementing a full crm system to handle that. as an aside we're going to be on cnn at 8.35am est! stay tuned.
@ww - will there be another survey closer to the shipping time?  i know my address is going to change before october, and to have to submit it now will probably result in thousands of emails to you as people change their addresses over the summer, or at other times.
@eduardo - that's definitely going to happen. @chuck - this should happen in the next two weeks. we're finalising our plastic comparison now and the survey will follow.
hi guys when can we expect the first survey for plastic choice shipping etc ?
also, congratulations for this great ideia!
hi! what do you think about making the effiel tower model print avaiable to us, so we can make our own ourselves? :)
@pebble victim - almost...
is it october yet?
i just see the cnn intervew here: http://www.robots-dreams.com/2013/04/3doodler-3d-printing-pen-featured-on-cnn.html i can't waiiiitttt ;)
@rebecca - very cool! we managed to get some footage after the event. fantastic surprise!
hey!  you guys are on cnn right now!!!
i'm excited. such a long wait ahhhh!
@sabine, @sebastien - we're taking note, and we are already on the case re ce requirements. we have experience shipping into europe, so hopefully we can avoid any snafoos. we would love to add this to the faq, but post ks the ability to edit was closed off.
thanks, sabine :)
@nial: i don't think asking questions about ce certificate and correct paperwork for customs a stupid question in my humble opinion it is legitimate. if they consider this now they can prepare everything and when it's time to ship those 3doodler there won't be any troubles or stress to get it done right. i am from austria which is south from germany and it could be that my 3doodler is shipped to germany first (due to logistics). and the german customs don't seem to be those relaxed guys - the article posted by sebastian is from the second of april and says that still some customs won't let the watches into the market besides the new paperwork of the producer. so there is still a problem. the responsible department argues that the watch is not marketable because of a missing classification to identify the watch and link it to the certificate. that means that the already produced watches can not be changed which would be needed according to the department. they have not stopped the import so far but maybe they give order to not allow any pebbles to enter the market. i think it is good that german or european backers point that out because some allow international shipping but never have had anything to do with customs paperwork. for the ce certificate there need to be user manuals (and recycling info) in the language of the country shipped to - in europe a lot of languages. you are from uk so language is actually no problem and maybe the customs in uk are more relaxed but that does not mean that asking about that is all stupid. we all know that they have a lot of work to do but pointing out some possible mistakes so they won't be made is a win-win for all - the creators so they won't get angry e-mails because it's not marketable and the backers who will receive theirs without troubles. @wobbleworks: may consider the ce certificate question for the faq that hopefully no one will ask about it anymore (if i remember right you already answered it once).
i can concur that the glow in the dark filament is horrible to photo. i have some here that i use now and then and even if its glowing super bright it still comes out looking like crap on my dslr and on the main camera on my htc one x. there is a blue colour glow in the dark colour kicking around in various stockists and of course ebay and amazon which looks a little more photo friendly but even that doesn't look great in the photos i have seen. however both do look great in real life! i print alot of stars and planets off for the kids ceiling and they glow pretty nicely and for a good length of time. the more you use the better it looks though for example if your making stars etc.. go round the edge a good few times to bulk it out as just thin extrusions by themselves dont really show up literally because they are so thin. i print all mine a few layers thick but with 100% fill and they look pretty cool. obviously its going to be tougher with a 3doodler but you should get some pretty cool results! we are less then 2 weeks into the actual project, i dont think the funds even release till 14 days+ after the end of the process. please stop with the stupidly obvious questions, read the faq and just sit back, relax and wait for the summer which is when im guessing things will really get moving! asking questions now (unless absolutely essential) is pointless as so many things are going to happen and change between now and october! these guys have 25,000 units to produce and ship and you are asking for end production photos and shipping details and similar before funds have even been moved! this project is going to take time and the best and most helpful thing you can do now and for the next couple of months is sit back and relax and read updates as and when they are sent out. asking end product questions when we are 12 days into a project that will likely still be shipping ks orders at around this time next year is just stupid.  please use your brains people, your surely not so naive that you think any thing has changed in the 2 weeks since the funding ended and its going to be the same for a while! the whole pebble/german custom thing seems to have blown up out of proportion. from what i understand customs are holding pebbles as the descriptions on some paperwork and on the device dont match and a piece of paper with some info on it is missing, but its being resolved easily and as quickly as possible (if not already). us electronics are imported in boat loads every day to all eu countries without issue but now and then mistakes are made and need to be resolved. now that this has happened im sure all ks project creators are going to be more vigilant about their paperwork!
@sebastien - the invoice should be doable. as for the ce compliance we'll speak to our logistics partners and see what they advise, but we need some time to get this right.
can you make sure german backers get an invoice pdf and maybe something to prove the 3doodler is  ce compliant? there has been trouble with the german customs office and pebble rewards, see http://www.heise.de/newsticker/meldung/deutscher-zoll-verhindert-einfuhr-von-pebble-smartwatches-1833590.html
@josh - not yet. we are working on the pre-production models right now, which will allow us to do full life testing. then the final production model will be green-lit.
any pics of the completed full production model of the 3doodler yet?
@lawgiver - it photos really badly. we're trying to get some ultra glow in the hope that we can send better pics!
from the faq: "we have a spool and will be 3doodling some demos later this week with glow in the dark plastic. give us a few days to overcome the tsunami of emails. " soooo did you doodle any in the dark glowing things yet? :)
@hazel - not yet but you'll be getting some, fret not. with the quantities we are handling these things inevitably take some time.
hi wobbleworks! any news on the extra perks for backers?
@vikki - well spotted! we're ensuring it's all working properly for pre-orders and will be making a full announcement later today.
for anyone that's interested in more 3doodlers, i just noticed that they have put up the pre-order stuff on their website! =)
good, thanks :-)
hi marie-andree - in due course we'll post some.
would be great to have some pictures of the preproduction, testing, production, etc.
@samuel - we're on it. the pen will be ce compliant and done the right way!
i just noticed some european union import difficulties with another popular kickstarter project (peeble): http://forums.getpebble.com/discussion/3175/team-pebble-help-german-customs-will-destroy-pebble-smartwatch could you please take care to do the ce declaration correctly right from the beginning? should not be that difficult since there are no wireless interfaces ;-) thanks in advance :-) a backer from germany
can you send invoices for orders?
hi nabeel - payment processing is an amazon issue. can you please contact them and ask?
hi is it possible to pay later if i've already played but it failed?
there was interest expressed earlier during the 3doodler funding about producing your own filament by recycling your doodles, or just from a desire to use the cheapest source of pla/abs possible - which means extruding your own filament. there is a new kickstarter campaign recently launched for a diy extruder. if you were one of the folks that was really interested in this, if you hurry you might be able to still snag an early-bird spot: http://kck.st/zrhrio the extruder isn't cheap though. at $200 you need to be doing a lot of doodling for it to break even. but some folks like to diy as much as possible. i also have no idea how well the produced filament will work in the 3doodler pens.
congratulations!  what a phenomenal, successful project! looking forward to seeing all of the creations that come from your project.
chills...can't wait to get mine.  gonna check mailbox every day!  =-)
@matt - please keep pushing amazon. they're the right people to speak to and we hope they can resolve this. @janardan - try and contact them directly too. @kebel - that's one for amazon too i'm afraid. word of the day? amazon!
hi 3doodler team! congrats on being funded, and by so much! as a backer i would like to ask for a favor and if possible allow me to change credit card information on the 1st  of april. my credit card is haveing problems and i wont be able to fix it so it was declined when charged but i can fix that on the first of april (5 days). please let me know before hand so i can try my best and get it fixed!
happy to be in october since the beginning (missed the real early bird special though)! congrats guys!!
i'm getting the error "action needed! there is a problem with your payment to 3doodler: the world's first 3d printing pen by wobbleworks llc.. ". no idea. i tried a second time and i got the notice "access to your amazon payments account is temporarily disabled. please retry after 2-3 days."  also!! i hope my place doesn't get cancelled! please advice someone.
no idea why, but amazon won't let me pay! it says "access to your amazon payments account is temporarily disabled. please retry after 2-3 days." i have no unpaid bills with them or anything and the card associated with the account is valid....i'm really hoping to get this resolved today!!!
congratulations...great job!
@jason - we're more worried about the leather than we are the pen. we're assuming you're not planning on jamming the pen into the leather, just 3doodling on it? if so the tip may cause minor burning to the leather. i suggest you try this on a small swatch of leather first and see how it goes - we'll have a go here too. another note, if the leather is too smooth or waxy it won't hold the plastic.
@henrik - a lot of people have been asking what will happen with the earlier backing levels where spaces opened up before the kickstarter closed. in answer, we'll be filling these earlier slots (there appear to be five) with backers from later groups, but on a "first backed first served" basis (all pledges are time-stamped).
if it's possible, could i upgrade to october or november slot?
snug should be ashamed for the shameless spam.
awesome! can't wait for october! :-)
unfortunately no october slots for $99 opened up so i'm stuck at november
congrats on smashing your funding target! i have no idea what i'm going to do with mine, but i know my son and i will have a lot of fun with it!
if you could upgrade me to the october slot, i'd really appreciate it. (:
congratulations!
wha! people have dropped out of the october and november delivery pledge levels? can i please be upgraded from january? pleeeeeeeease! ;)
congratulations! can't wait to receive my 3doodler!
congratulations on a great project gone wildly successful. well deserved!
congrats on a wildly successful campaign! looking forward to hearing about the stretch goals
congrats on the successful campaign!  i couldn't get the october color-tastic,..but at least i have the november one. :)
you probably still can... i have been on kickstarters where slots opened up and a simple private email to them usually does wonders.
congratulations!
any chance of stretch rewards, as you for ~80x the funding you were looking for?
i'm literally laughing out loud at the final slots that are open.  if i didn't already have an october slot, i'd be begging to be moved up :p
successfully funded! oh yeah!! some idiot withdrew their pledge for october shipping and i managed to grab it! hooray for me!
thanks to all 26,458 of you! we are so grateful for your support and can't wait to get you your 3doodlers!
@pclabtech, that's my hope too.  but even if they aren't, i think this is enough for me.  my dad might like a better one, but who knows.  i'm excited to get mine :) and with that it is funded!!! congrats!!!
and...................... ding! time's up! good luck in the next few months, you'll need it!
@wobbleworks: congratulation on your successful kickstarter, october can't come soon enough!  i hope that the "extras" (that weren't stretch goals) will be made available as a separate purchase and work with the first run model of your product. otherwise i will have to gift my pen to someone and get "ver. 2.0"
congratulations on a very successful campaign!  best of luck executing this great little device.  looking forward to october.
just 10 minutes, and all kinds of pledges opening.  i have mine though :)
how exciting for you!  to have exceeded your goal $$$ by so much is amazing! wishing you continued success. i can't wait to start 3doodling!
i got a slot in october, as soon as it opened up. i am so happy and excited :) i'm looking forward hearing from you @wobbleworks llc and your progress through the process.
@wobbleworks llc - will using the 3doodler on leather cause any damage to the tip?  i'd hate to try out new avenues with mine and ruin the pen.
way super excited!!
can't wait till october :d
when we put our snug kitchen gadget project up on ks, we thought we would be crazy to put a 4th of july special (rewards 3 months away). but seeing where 3doodler is going, we don't feel that bad ;) 3doodler is a great idea and its good to see backers waiting for months to grab their hands on it!
i'm with all of you - i can't wait to get my 3doodler, and my wife and kids are as excited as i am. fascinating, captivating product - glad to be a backer!
@jason aller,              baback was trying to help to make alive ube dimmer which is a very good home automation project as it has reached a critical stage. as a backer of that i really did not want to see that project to be unsuccessfull.   sometimes including myself backed a few projects that is based on few backers suggestion as other wise it would be difficult to navigate or explore using ks search mechanism. if you do not like it please ignore it.
can't wait to get ours in october! it's been very fun to taunt my husband with "i know what you're getting for christmas!"
more of the colortastics opening up would be great, but i know we'll see those great colors, metallics, and glowing strands for sale (and hopefully at a good price point).
thank you someone for taking the $75 october slot before i could... i have an october colortastic, and i was debating dropping the colors for the $24, but then i realized i have a better shot at metallics/glowing pla with the colortastic.  :d
@chelsea - we'll be asking each backer to confirm their current address just before delivery.
@wobbleworks llc.  question: when the shipping stage begins will you be using our amazon accounts for our shipping address? or how will this be done?
@baback, you knew it was spam when you posted it.
hi everyone. i am a baker of this project and looking forward to it's release! :-) i am also a backer of another project called: ube wifi connected smart light dimmer & switch. it does not have a direct relation to this technology but i do know a lot of people i have talked to have expressed positive interest in this solution. the ube project is pretty close to funding but it needs a little boost and i am hoping any interest that comes out from other projects might help it reach it's goal. the link is: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/702772580/ube-wifi-connected-smart-light-dimmer please do not post comments or suggestions in this comment section about ube so we do not go off topic from the 3doodler solution. 3doodler: i hope you are ok with a small spam on the comment section in relation to the ube solution. thanks again and hope to see some of your guys back another great solution. i cannot wait till sept for my doodler!  :-)
this project is great!  i can't wait to get my hands on one of these.
yayyy moved from feb to nov.
oh nooo i leave my january slot... for a november slot yessss!! ;)
woohoo!  october slot!   thank you to whoever opened that one up.
@damian - we haven't set a retail price as of yet. we are hoping to get it as low as the ks price, but a number of variables have to be taken into account and we can't guarantee that at this time.
does anyone know what the retail price will be?
i cried a little when i got that october slot
@peter - i am afraid our hands are tied. best bet is to refresh and see if earlier pens become available. @darby - we'd have to deal with all kinds of confidentiality issues and bandwidth issues which make this more complicated than it seems. we will endeavour to get photos of the processes out there though. @will - not yet, but in theory possible. more practical for the hanger though.
canceelled my new year's color-tastic:full 3doodler pen,plus 10bags by accident is there any chance of rienstating my pledge?
q: since u guys are going to be watching qa maybe the link can be shared and we are able to see it tested as well?
there was a november or so slot open, i tried for it and it was taken.  settling for a feb. $99 and have hopes that an earlier one will open up while i refresh the page constantly this weekend.  onwards to art!
have you guys tried to make a phone case or coat hanger with the 3doodler?
somebody who loves the idea of the 3doodler and the people who created it...?
i want to know who backed the $10,000 pledge. wow!
@lawgiver - lol @clare - we are working on it. we'd love to do glowing doodles too. very cool.
got the last slot in november
got an open slot in november!!
robert griffin, i'm waiting for an october 2013 slot to open too! hopefully two will open and we can both get it for our birthdays (21st birthday for me)~ -fingers crossed-
was there ever any more information about the glow in the dark plastic?  the faq section said that there would be an update on it but i haven't seen one.  i'd really love to do glowing doodles :)
ehem, ignore my last post....you just posted the update i was looking for! :)
come on guys, we want a nice countdown with updates on what you´re doing so close to the funding deadline... only 60 hours left now. what are your latest doodles for example? :)
yeah, i got to move into a nov slot too! super glad to be getting this by christmas!! maybe if i'm lucky, i'll spot an october slot and get it by my 22nd birthday! i'm super excited about the 3doodler!
a couple of $99 jan open...
yay!! got to move into a nov. slot. thank you!!
oooo 75 dollar october is open...
nial pearce: i've never been particularly interested in 3d printers on kickstarter (much more interested in a more traditional reprap) but economies of scale is obviously one factor. many repraps are still using 3d printed parts partially because it's more in tune with the reprap concept but there's clearly a point where injection molding is cheaper (potentially far cheaper) and it's often not  very high. similarly some reprap electronic systems are still using through-hole pcbs with hand soldering but even if you move the hand soldering on to the end user, smd with the soldering being done in china can easily be cheaper if you're quantities are high enough (and again it doesn't have to be that high). again this may not fit in the reprap ethos but it may fit in the 'cheap' one. there are a bunch of other simplifications you can do if you care less about the end user being able to fiddle around with, improve and further develop the system. and similarly if you want to get the price down, you can consider carefully your parts list, e.g. cheaper motors (and again economies of scale come in to this). also you're prices seem a bit off, the robo3d was $520 with shipping to the us and it doesn't even handle abs (you need to pay $99 extra for pla, again another simplification i'm guessing). the mono reprappro mendel is $769 shipped to the us from the uk. if you look around the reprap forums, it's not that hard to find other mendels going for around $700 shipped and possibly less if you're willing to put up with things like no abs (and i saw these before the robo3d) so the reprappro price isn't super special either. in other words while the robo3d is cheaper, it's far from close to half the price. i haven't looked carefully at the robo3d but it doesn't seem to be anything particularly special (with no disrespect meant to the creator). i doubt the case is really as expensive as you think if they're planning to buy it in sufficient quantity. it's primarily that most projects don't bother because it isn't necessary and in fact is probably a disadvantage for the crowd they're targeting. to be fair, they were only aiming for $49k so they weren't initially that large scale but it's probably enough to give them a fair amount of economy of scale. in addition, they probably were not planning for that much profit at the lower level, just enough to give them something to reinvest and continue the business with the hope of future success on the back of their successful kickstarter. that after all is one of the basic ideas of kickstarter. in other words, while i'm not saying their plans and product definitely made sense (i haven't looked carefully enough to say), i don't see any intrinsic reason to assume it couldn't be done. as for the 3d pen, i wouldn't say it's definitely a hoax. yes it's not something i would pledge on and it's likely to be a far cry from the 3doodler but not everyone necessary needs that. as for flexible funding, well i presume the backers and creators were aware of the advantages and disadvantages with flexible funding. they're claiming they can do it whatever their funding and if people accept that, that's up to them. (as you said their design is a lot simpler then the 3doodlers.)
almost time to open up the march deliveries. february is just about sold out.
four days to go. i hope we can get more news about any extra perks that ww might want to give backers. really appreciate it, guys. now the countdown to october begins!
the 3doodler has been developed for over a year and i don't see anyone getting anything close to the design, ease of use, quality, and high standards compared to 3doodler and if people try then they will fail for sure. i cant understand how some of these "replica" projects can even turn a penny of profit, especially all these 3d printers that are popping up. i cant believe that the robo3d for an example will turn much if any profit as its so cheap and is using premium parts including adding an extra layer of expensive with its abs injection molded case... and there are already people getting ready to run campaigns to launch similar systems at an even lower price which i just dont see how they will do it against a fantastic printer (providing they can get it out to all pledges themselves) by the look of it and is loaded with extras but its almost half the price of a lot of similar reprap's. i dont think anyone will be able to beat their price and quality! the 3d pen on indigogo is just a hoax/fake and is literally a full sized printers extruder and a picture of a black abs tube with a brass thumb screw in the end of it, what is sad is that people have pledged on it and with indigogo i think on flexible funding projects, the money gets taken when you pledge and the creator will get all the pledged money even if it gets no where near its target. its a big downside to flexible funding! there are other similar style copycats riding on coat tails of other projects that have been succesful and im sure the people behind them have no intention of filling the orders. with regards to extra rewards and stretches etc.. i stand by what i said early on and that's that this project should change nothing and add nothing except things that can be purchased or made easily that wont impact on delivery dates. things like extra filament in some metallic and glow in the dark colours, printable templates and a plug adapter would all fall into that. they need to stear clear of things like extra nozzles and special holders like a solder station and so on as it just throws too much into an already complicated and time sensitive mix. i strongly believe that anything outside of small bonuses should be left alone then added to the 3doodler store when it opens with discounts for kickstarter backers. stretch goals have been a major factor in virtually all ks projects with a high volume that have been delayed for considerable time. i would much rather have my 3doodler arrive on time in october then any stretch goal at all. they just add so many extra unknowns to the whole process and one little issue could delay the release by months. there are some great ideas for additions and addons but they need to be for after all the ks 3doodlers have been shipped (obviously the designers and engineers will most likely have time during the initial build phase and throughout the dispatch phases, to be able to start designing these things but the actual pen by its self has to be the priority and the only thing coming off a production line until orders are fulfilled.
flat to round power plug convertor http://dx.com/p/flat-to-round-power-plug-convertor-3529 does not get any cheaper than that, if the device can handle 240v this is what you need.
well off hand i'd say you've won a spot on the most funded page
@roeland k, the adapter we need costs around 5 euros and less since it will be just a converter from us pins/prongs to whatever you plug in your wall. with all the different types of outlets around the world it will be near impossible for ww to provide a localized version to their backers at this time. that would be a logistical nightmare. @ww the extras will be greatly appreciated and i look forward to them, but i mostly appreciate the fact that you decided to focus on creating the best product possible. and you did not get baited into setting a string of stretch goals which would have in fact just stretched your resources. looking forward to receiving my pen and whatever comes with it. and thank you for designing this wonderful product.
i am so happy i managed to get in the first group for this, i knew it would be succesful as soon as i saw it, but didnt think it would jump this far! you guys must be so proud of yourselves. and as for rewards etc, i think for many of us the simple fact of having the pen will be enough, and for me knowing that i have contributed to the release of something innovative and useful is certainly a reward. i am psyched at the improvements you guys are taking on board as well (e.g. grips and extruder tips) so thats cool as well. i look forward to seeing how this ends up!
can't wait to find out what you have in store for all of us. apart from the uber early adopter, between me and my friends we already have close to a dozen pledges at different levels! =)
hmmm i love treats, can't wait to hear what they are. maybe it's a international adapter for those not in the us. or maybe even more colors of plastic in the color tastic bags since you can never have enough color. maybe getting the 3doodler with different color housings or one of your choose. maybe some type of pencil holder to store your pieces of plastic in (with enough slots for all the colors).
@ww - no worries guys, this is a huge undertaking.  i'm just excited for october (i managed to snag a second spot on my boyfriend's account to get one for us and one for my dad), and am planning what color spool to buy.  extras are always super exciting as well, but 3doodlers are just awesome.  i can't wait. :d
@amanda - i know we're taking our time to get there, but for sure we're finding ways to say thank you to all our backers!
@ww reeeeaaallly??? :d  i'm excited for these "treats"
@nabeel - we're working on treats for you all, stay tuned! @justin - sorry to hear that. we hope you can come on board at a later time.
sorry guys will be cancelling my pledge due to cash issues, but i am sure it will be picked up quickly as is such a great project.
hey guys you should give more plastic and possible something else like a stickers , keychains small things like that
actually looking more carefully, there was a wifi bulb before either the hue or lifx. and the hue was available in apple retail stores in the middle of the lifx campaign, so there's a fair chance it wasn't pushed up at all as they must have been in stores before the lifx campaign launched.
pclabtech: well the 3d printer craze really began with reprap. it grew from there to a bunch of commercial products e.g. makerbot and then a bunch of kickstarter projects. while there's nothing wrong with these projects all power to them if they have success, and many have brought their own advantages and features, i would say only a few have been highly innovative (in terms of the hobbyist world, not commercial world) e.g. formlabs with their stereolithography (instead of fdm). as for led wifi bulbs, that's somewhat different. rgb and adjustable led bulbs have existed for quite a while, however they were often fairly weak and usually used infrared remote controls. the networking and wifi with smartphone app control is an interesting although somewhat obvious innovation. afaik, phillips "hue" was launched with availability during the lifx campaign, it's possible they pushed up their schedule but they must have been very close to market already if they could launch so quickly. the 3d pen campaign on indiegogo is somewhat different, clearly entirely inspired by this project even to the extent part of their campaign is a bit of mocking reference to this. whatever the case, they don't seem to be having much success.
@ww - thank you!  i think that'll make a lot of people happy to hear :)
i have noticed a bunch of "ride the coattails to success" projects that start on either kickstarter, indiegogo, or private sites, mimicking the successful kickstarter projects.  either that, or all of a sudden the "hey, we already have something like that nearing production, let's go ahead and start selling it." just in the ks i have backed: lifx: 1 1/2 months after the start of this campaign, there have been 3 products / projects that "all of a sudden" pop up. phillips "hue" another ks campaign with an identical idea, and the new "limitlessled" bulbs have surfaced. smart things: a bunch of zigbee / zwave hub devices have started to appear on the market after smart things did their campaign. 3d printers: everyone with an engineering degree is making ones to sell. i see kickstarter as a platform for larger manufacturing companies to use for their own "innovation" and then tries to beat the project creators to the punch with their "me too!" products.
@amanda - we're working with the factory to spec the pen up for removable tips. i.e. so that v.1.0 should be able to take tips that are subsequently produced for the pen.
is there any word on whether the tips on these will be interchangeable?  i know the stretch goal was that tips would be looked into, but there was never a response as to whether the kickstarter ones would be compatible with them.
@al-louis - we're afraid not. the levels are fixed where they are. you can always move to a color-tastic reward level, or alternatively purchase a spool, or wait until our e-store is open for plastic sales in smaller quantities. the logistics involved with doing bespoke ks orders is not something we can take on.
dennis brown: the 3d pen campaign on indiegogo isn't new, i saw it about 3 weeks ago. also indiegogo offers both fixed funding (similar kickstarter although i think your money is taken and only refunded if the project goal isn't met) and flexible funding (where they get the money even if the goal isn't met). the 3d pen campaign is using flexible funding but it isn't the only option.
your idea is ingenious. congrats on going so far beyond your ks budget. this product has potential to be huge. that is why you have so much support here already. i'm so excited to have contributed.
@skippy, this looks like a new one from someone in the ukraine.  the other one was a blatant rip-off of everything from this campaign, including all the photos and names.  this fellow has not even made a working prototype yet, so it is not clear how well it would work (says he is still working on cooling system).  he might not be able to pass us agency approvals with such a small campaign, and he might infringe on ww ip, which would not allow shipping to places that ww would have ip protection.  seems pretty risky to me.  indiegogo takes all your money up front and gives it all to the creator, even if it does not meet the campaign minimum goal for this type of campaign.  a perfect setup for hit and run scammers.  i do not like indiegogo campaigns because of that.  i have to be doubly cautious and don't have the luxury of supporting early on, but with the ability to do my due diligence until the campaign ends.
how much would it be to get 8 more bags? i pledged $75 and trying to get more bags. is this acceptable to do? please let me know. thanks! al s.
the one on the other site is still there or else there is a new one. this one is titled  it's a 3d pen !!! second in the world but does not mean that it's worse! make your ideas real! you can can draw in the air! you can draw a real three dimensional object! can't believe people are buying into it.
i have a question regarding the power supply. the faq says it comes with a universal power supply and that international buyers need to buy an adapter for it. but what kind of adapter would we have to buy, what kind of power does the power supply run on? i was also wondering if it wouldn't be possible to set up a second production line the initinal $30k would have been to set one up and make the first batch but with the current amount wouldn't it be possible to make more production lines so people who got to the party late can get the 3doodler earlier. i initially had a pledge for january but i was lucky enough to get one of the ecco pierce special spots. but i think there would be a lot of people happy if they could get there pen before early next year. and if you finish early with all these pre-ordered 3doodlers it would also mean you could start selling them normally a lot faster. and seeing how much this is backed here i wouldn't expect any selling issues and that second production line could come in handy to keep supplies up (if the current ~4000 - 5000 per month is already with multiple poductions lines just ignore this). and i can't wait to get my 3doodler in november and what project you guys will start next.
yes, i just got a response back from indiegogo that they took down the project based on the information that was sent to them.  i don't know what kind of scam that creator was trying to run, but they did not get away with it.  too bad there is not some kind of punishment that can be given to crooks like that.
@dennis - i did the same thing.  apparently they heard us!
i contacted indiegogo yesterday about the fake project.  they seemed to think that it was created by ww, so i sent them your comment below.  when i look for it now, i do not see it anymore.
and it so damn hippy activist-y annoying.
that whole indiegogo is a ks rip-off! it's like some poundland version of ks.
to clear up any confusion, the 3doodler campaign on indiegogo is not us. we are pursuing various channels to have this removed. if any backers have any contacts at indiegogo please let us know.
$75 october slot open! i exchanged it with the $99 november slot. i really wanted more plastic haha...
an i-beam like tip would be very useful for making structural projects like model bridges and towers.
@machiel - you can actually use the hot tip of the 3doodler (when not extruding) to cut plastic and clean up mistakes.
i'd love to use the 3doodler for retouching/welding 3d prints (i've got an ultimaker 3d printer). one thing that would be very useful to me would be a hot knife head for the pen! it would make cutting the plastic so much easier. so if you're thinking about extra heads for the pen as a stretch goal, this would be my number 1.
anonymouse_user: the glue sticks are hardly an analog for the 3doodler. the hobby lobby product is colored adhesive which is very difficult to extrude in to any cohesive form. http://shop.hobbylobby.com/products/4-all-temp-color-mini-glue-sticks-635177/ the 3doodler extrudes abs or pla 3mm sticks down to 0.3mm filament which freezes once expelled.
@timsmith - in addition to getting more money, they are also incurring more of a manufacturing/logistics debt.  having just worked on a successfully funded kickstarter, we completely underestimated how much time and organization goes into manufacturing and shipping physical goods to people. even the ouya pointed out that the ks didn't make them any money, only notoriety.  expecting extra just because more people signed up implied an economy of scale that still doesn't exist at this place.  we're past where they can make them by hand and going to dedicated production requires a demand that continues beyond the ks.
@chuck: i am aware of the 3d printer : ) i was talking about something for kids that they move the mouse on the pc to trace let's say a picture and the 3doodler draws it in 3d space. different than a 3d printer.
it was my understanding that stretch goals were a way of raising more funding and not a way of saying thanks. hence the word "goal" not "reward"
@gadgentman!  true, helium comes from certain natural gas wells (e.g. kansas) and, like natural gas itself, it has a finite supply.  the real question is whether or not the benefits justify the consumption. @sparr risher  using hydrogen in the presence of a source of ignition (hot 3doodler) would not be safe.
correction to the comment below -- a seller's market
while i think it would be nice to have some gratuitous freebies added to my 3doodler, the reality is that it is a buyers market.  there are plenty of backers or would be backers that are hoping that ww will piss off some early pledgers who will drop out and they can rush in to take their places at earlier dates. instead of demanding more than was offered, be appreciative of anything extra that is offered, for it is truly a goodwill gesture at this point, whether before the ks ends or after.
i appreciate the fast reply.  and hopefully we will hear something in a timely fashion - meaning before the end of the ks.  even if it is extra bags of plastic, or cool colors like clear or glow in the dark or sparkle. there has been a little bit of a sore point regarding tips and holders and as a backer who not only pledged, but later on increased my level, it would really do well for ww to offer some.  i completely realize that stretch goals are not required, but what they are is a way of saying 'thank you' to those who pledged above a certain level if the inital goal is met.  and to be blunt, asking for 30k and getting over 2 million is a real good reason to say 'thank you'. and honestly, with all that extra cash coming in, there shouldn't be any real reason not be able to toss something in. just my 2 cents.
@tim - there are no stretch goals at present but we are looking into a number of ways that we can reward backers for their incredible support. these take time to coordinate with 3rd parties but we hope to get back to you soon.
just discovered hobby lobby carries colored glue sticks and multi temp glue guns... what are we doing here? this latest update was spam taking advantage of all of us backers...who in their right mind is going to spend $1700.00 on a piece of copper with blue beads wired to it?
i was wondering about any stretch goals.  i already saw the reference to update #8, bullet #5.  does this mean that there will be no stretch goals added at all?
thank yo to whoever dropped out of colour-tastic, i snapped that up! hope someone grabs my new year pledge!
@lyddi - lol. heard loud and clear!
this is so frikkin' cool!  i know in your faqs you've stated you're not thinking about making them applicable to food (chocolate, toffee) just yet, but i for one would like to put my vote in that at some point in the future (soon!) you could look at that - tricky i know but it would be, literally, sweet! keep it up guys, i'm so excited!
@thinkhat that's been made already, it's called a 3d printer.
i can draw a ray gun or a goblin dagger for pennies, and not pay to dollar for a specialist company to make an expensive one-off  or buy   still expensive (to me) off the shelf  replicas.
has some cheap, easy, visual effects possibilities for an independent low budget film.
would love to use this 3d pen in a movie i am working on.
it would be cool if someone can develop a smart robot that takes the 3doodler and make in space what you are drawing on your computer or laptop : )
an update a day would be kind of annoying and have no more content than what you read on twitter. one every couple weeks works out just fine.
@andrew - we're pretty convinced that an update a day would aggravate a lot of people. but stay tuned, we have one planned for tomorrow.
@andrew go read update #8, point #5 regarding stretch.
any updates on this project? i realize that you're way beyond the original goal, but new stretch goals and additional developmental updates are always appreciated, and bring many more people to the table. the most successful ks projects do at least one update per day! :d
i saw max's spot on this could be big. i wonder, is anyone on the team planning to do live demos or appearances at maker events, either before or after the kickstarter campaign closes?
hi firezz - we have an faq on how resilient the plastic is, but in short if you keep the lines thick, reinforce them, etc. you can create a very stable structure. we've been hauling the eiffel tower around quite a bit lately and it's still looking great.
btw.. just would like to know... one of the samples done : eiffel tower ... basically how durable / harden it is once the glue / abs colds ? thanks
after reading a ton of comments. you know someone is gonna make a hammock now right?
take a look if and only if you can handle getting to know how many days until we can 3doodle (used mid october but will be adapted if wobbleworks can tell the exact delivery date) for some of us this year christmas is in october: http://www.webcountdown.de/…
is it october already? sigh....
awesome, went from jan 2014, dec 2013, nov 2013 and now october 2013 my nephew would be so happy to get it for christmas.  november slot is open for someone....
september can't get here soon enough!
@gadgetman!: weather balloons, more so than almost any other type of balloon, can use hydrogen, which we won't be running out of any time soon.
@nial yeah, like @stuart said, no need to get all worked up about it.
@nial - i know that feel... but if they won't read the faq, they certainly won't read the comments :p
@nial - i hardly think it's really a problem. wobbleworks has answered about 10 questions on here in the past week. it's not like they are getting bombarded and responding to 10 a day! if someone wants to ask a questions, they should look at the faq first, but if they don't, it certainly isn't a big deal.
so happy i got a nov color-tastic slot (instead of jan'14)!! can't wait!
so many questions being asked that have the answers in the project faq. check the faq before asking questions so the guys at wobbleworks can have a break from aswering questions over and over. most frequent questions and responces : does 3doodler work with both abs and pla : yes is there a switch to use to adjust the temp for abs or pla : yes how do i order more than 1 3doodler : you cant , this ks is being run following ks rules. does glow in the dark abs/pla work in 3doodler : yes will other types of 3mm filament work : most likely if it has similar melting points as abs or pla but these have not been tested as yet and the 3doodler is currently designed to use abs or pla (conductive abs & glow in the dark pla/abs will work as they are still abs or pla and have more or less the same makeup. can i make an iphone case or watertight bowl/mug or other normally strong, smooth and flawless model or use 3doodler to make 3d printed objects from thingiverse or anything with very high detail : not really, although the extrusion system, hot end and type of material used gives it some of the qualities of a full size 3d printer it is not the same. the easiest way is to download a template or create your own, use the 3doodler to follow the lines and create a flat piece, then repeat for all other side of what you want to make then once all done put it together and bond the joints with the 3doodler as you would with a hot glue gun. for anything else please check the faq before asking.
wow, 24,000 3doodlers to be built thats going to be a very busy factory for a few months! also i don't envy the people who will be packing, printing labels and shipping to all over the world!! great work guys!
moved from november colortastic to a regular october. go get it!
looks like a jan 2014 is open run run run!
@evan - we'll be contacting you a few weeks before delivery to get your address at that time. don't worry though, we'll make sure this works out and that you get your pen on time wherever you are. feel free to message us privately too so we can coordinate.
i'm worried about delivery. i am changing locations as i am going off to college, so i don't know what my new mailing address is yet. what is the latest possible date i could change my shipping address for the color-tastic (october 2013) pledge reward?
cool idea. wish i could make my silicone parts using a 3d pen!
@amanda a-thank you!
moved from regular november to colortastic november. november slot now open.
@matthew - they said in a comment a while back that they were planning on a package being $5.99, but it's not a guarantee yet. though plastic online is ~$40/kg, and that will work in the pen as well.
how much money is a package of the plastic?
@will, amanda is correct, and we also have an faq on this point which we hope helps: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen#plashowflexbritresistrobreaistheplasoncedood
@gadgetman!  agreed.  i use helium for launching high-altitude payloads, as part of a testing and preparation for a satellite-producing group at my college. @will - there will be a website with templates for many things, and strength is probably around that of normal plastic (not sure)
will the 3doodler include templates for making cool things (ie. eiffel tower, phone cases, boxes, etc.)? also how strong is the plastic? will it break from a small drop/small bending?
do not even think about using helium! 1. it will complicate the 3doodler a lot and make it more expensive. 2. helium is usually not allowed sent as a package by many spediters. 3. helium is a non-renewable* resource that is already being wasted quicker than any other. helium is needed in meteorology(all the weather balloons), medicine(what do you think is used for cooling in the mri's and similar systems?), industry(arc-welding and purging gas), technology(production of silicon wafers) diving and space exploration(helium is used instead of nitrogen to avoid problems like the "divers' bends") and this resource we waste on toy balloons and silly voices... *yes, you can produce helium in some types of reactors... anyone want to guess how much?
damn the guy who got spencers november slot, but at least i've got your december! :)
this may have come up already, but have you thought about putting helium through the 3doodler to get a faster quench on the plastic?
wooo! finally able to snatch up an october color tastic, movin up from november. i'm pumped :)
thanks for the clarification. i've told my  two colleagues to pledge for their own.
we just got passed by torment, which means we no longer have the highest pledge total of currently running kickstarter projects. still second highest ain't bad :-)
@paul just create another kickstarter account. the idea is the second pen would need to be for someone else. you can still use the same amazon account to pay for it as the first kickstarter account.
@paul - amanda is spot on. we are abiding by kickstarter rules on this one, which means one pledge level per backer, and no multiples. we have an faq on this point which goes into more detail - and when we close the kickstarter we'll be making it very clear to backers that additional funds will not equal additional pens.
@paul, i don't think they're allowing you to do that, as they can only produce so many at a time.  you'd need separate accounts for the other two.  (i could be wrong, but i'm about 95% confident they aren't allowing that)
i've pledged for a single pen at the $99 level but i want three, if i up my pledge by $198 will i need to add a further $20 for extra non usa postage?
hi lorenz - sadly that's not how it works. we'd love to wave a wand and make that happen, but quality is paramount, which includes life testing, certifications, etc.
hi! you said, you were talking to the factory. do you think, it could be possible to produce more units in less time as expected, so you can ship those gadgets earlier to the contributors than written in the pledge-sidebar? (meaning a lot earlier, like in just a third of the time from now). would be really really great!
more videos! and was able to get my mom's pen moved up to oct. so there is a jan spot is now open for all you feb people.
very happy that i pledged earlier for color-tastic + sellers on etsy special. 3doodler backers take a look at this interesting ube wifi connected smart light dimmer project  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/702772580/ube-wifi-connected-smart-light-dimmer
yay! managed to get that october slot (had november before :-d)
and now its gone, instead a 3doodler october opened up, i guess someone upgraded!
there is an october color-tastic slot open, grab it quick someone! :)
any idea how food safe are items made with the 3doodler? like could i create a cookie-cutter with them? or make a little plastic flag/sword/flower to stick in a sandwich? i read that they shouldn't be multi-use items unless you somehow seal the plastic (since it will have micro holes in it where bacteria may grow) but what about single-use things?
@robert - we don't see that being an issue.
will you be able to deliver to apo addresses?
when you make more videos can we get one with more 'in the air' drawing? we have the loops on the back of the ostrich but i'd love to see a whole object made up from scratch, maybe a sphere made up of a mesh of little circles or something. also it might help (not that this campaign needs help!) to have a still image on the home page of the pen drawing something in the air, if you look at the current pictures we see mostly flat things. it seems a lot of the negative reviews might have skipped watching the video and missed that exciting bit of functionality!
@melvin - we're looking into it!
@mark - it would take a very high degree of precision and likely some "post production" 3doodling to get a tight fit, but yes, technically speaking it is possible. @chuck - it would burn (and smell pretty bad).
how about glow in the dark plastic?
what happens when you extrude pla on the abs heat setting?
could you make a iphone cover with the pen?
@andrew - for abs and pla, yes, we have a setting for each. as mentioned elsewhere, we have not yet tested or fine tuned the 3doodler for other plastics and wanted to build it to work really well with these two first, hence the constraint.
@andrew  there are 2 temperature settings, one for abs and one for pla.  a fine-tune control is on the distant horizon for possibly v2, but not for v1.
are you able to adjust temp on the 3doodler for other plastics abs,pla, hips etc.
@wilhelm, when this first started up, it went viral within hours.  it saturated the usual information outlets in a couple of days.  the exposure rate was very high -- much higher than most projects even over a month.  however, as you pointed out, the increased demand also required pushing out the delivery dates.  at a certain point it, especially when it went beyond next christmas, it was too far off to be exciting for many.  then some of the negative comments about the lack of stretch goals did disappointed some.  out of 23,000 backers, even if only 1 out of 100 had to back out due to any cause, including a change to their personal circumstances, that would 230 backing out.  even if only 0.1% were negative and vocal about stretch goals, that would be 23 commenters here.  btw these are very small  numbers.  usually there are 10-30 times that number of negative commenters on any site i know, and for no good reason except they have personalities that are dissatisfied with life in general and always looking for what they are not getting rather than what they are getting.  as far as stagnating, i hardly think that is true.  the totals keep going up at a rate that is their original goal every couple of days.  they would have been ecstatic if the project had just started out at the current rate and continued to the end.  i think that everything is going along in a healthy way for the project.
it worries me that there appears to be an almost default expectation of stretch goals within the kickstarter community. wobbleworks was very smart in limiting the number of rewards promised in batches with different expected delivery dates. it shows that they put thought into how they were going to scale from their target goal of $30,000 to a much larger project without building in project-wide delays that would upset backers. to take a viable project plan and add stretch goals could raise additional money, but it would almost certainly throw a level of complication into the mix that would result in delays and upset backers. i hope that with the money raised that wobbleworks will be able to deliver the 3doodler and have enough capitol left over to keep it as a viable product line. keep in mind that they don't have to raise a single dollar more for this project to be a huge success.
why is the donation amount stagnating? is it because everybody who might want one has one by now? or because 11 months wait is the magical number which inhibits excitement? or because more people back out and why do they back out? is it because good strechgoals are missing? the donation explosion in the end of many projects is partially caused by good strechgoals i think. i am asking this because i wonder if the cause applies to other kickstarter projects.
moved up from february to november!
@chuck - for mea at least, i was thinking a backers-only section to the already planned site.  i've read the main page and knew about it happening for everyone.  but adding a login shouldn't be too hard, and then the 23k kickstarter backers could get special access to the site - first looks at templates, maybe special sales from time to time.
you can get a good idea of how many people didn't read the description from the question about stencils and a web page to host em on. it says it not even half way down the page. rtfa people.
really hope to see an update of possibility of the below suggestion. 1. extra bag of plastic for all backers.  2. website for us to dl templates for drawing.  3. more great looking templates for us to use?
@amanda: i would imagine that milestone has already been reached given that some lucky folks have been able to tinker with the prototypes. the ttp on this is almost certainly extremely short.
@pclabtech that's hilarious.  right now my big plans include d&d figures for me, maybe friends.  jewelry to give as presents, maybe some other gifts too.  i wonder how long it will take before someone makes something nsfw with their 3doodler... or if it's already been done :p
i probably won't be shocked when an owner of the 3doodler exclaims, "i have make my ken doll anatomically correct! or "don't worry barbie, these abs implants won't rupture, trust me..."
@hazel - at the moment october simply means october. we'll provide more exact timing as we get close, but it's hard to right now, not least because different backers will have different delivery times. @juan - we're on it. watch this space. @alexander - yes, but we want to iterate amanda's reply, we've designed this so you can your "ink" from a number of places, including us if you want smaller quantities or any specific colors we end up supplying. @amanda - thanks for helping out. and @amanda/@rand, as mentioned below we are looking into these various options with our suppliers and partners.
@alexander - they are planning on it, and a comment a while back said the bags of plastic would retail for around $5.99.  nothing is set in stone, and you can buy spools from many places - they don't want you to have to go to them for all your plastic needs, but they'll be there if you just want a bit of one color.  i think this is all in the faq on the home page.
heck, use the capital to expedite manufacturing. i would be just as happy with getting the 3doodler early as with getting it with extras.
will there be a place on your website to buy more plastic?
how about adding a couple of sketches for doodling like the one of the eiffel tower?
@adrian - i don't know about doubling being a trivial cost, but i personally feel an additional bag or two should be feasible.  (some quick math indicates the bags probably cost around $1 apiece for 10ft of 3mm filament). though what would also be awesome is getting to choose our colors, and maybe having some fancy colors to choose from.
ooh, more plastic! that would be nice. :-)
agreed with @rand and @amanda a.  with the volume of plastic that you guys will be buying to fulfill everybody's orders, doubling everybody's included plastic amounts would be a pretty trivial thing in the overall cost of things.  i would assume that wobbleworks will be buying plastic directly from the manufacturer, and not a pound at a time off amazon at $30/spool.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@rand - i love your ideas.  for #2 i would suggest maybe a login style website, where if you put in a kickstarter "code" that they send out, you get access to any new template maybe a month before everyone else. though more/cooler plastic is always nice.  especially in fun colors (i'd really like to test a silver pla and glow pla before i commit to a kg of either)
my suggestions for a stretch goal.  1. extra bag of plastic for all backers.  2. website for us to dl templates for drawing. 3. more great looking templates for us to use?  . anyone else got anything to help suggest?
awesome! someone just quit the nov 2013 75$ plege so i will get it 2 month earlier than my original pledge :d this just made my day!
i was wondering too, when you say estimated delivery by october, do you mean the beginning, mid, or by the end of october? just wondering. beyond excited to get it! :-)
@ivan, agreed.  (although i would probably stick with black for mine.) another suggestion. maybe the 3doodler can be stamped or labeled somewhere that it's a kickstarter model. that shouldn't be too difficult. it's not much, but we would be a little different from those who buy the retail 3doodler. otherwise, more plastic would be nice.
suggestion maybe wobbleworks could consider rather than giving the standard color/colour (i think its black) to kickstarter backer.  letting backer vote for a different color/colour  for the kickstarter  3doodle unit as a  stretch-goal.  this probably wont produce as much logistical issue & cost to the production time frame as say adding extra parts. anyway it a suggestion im quite happy to just get my 3doodler on time.
thanks to whoever just allowed me to switch from december to october :)
@jan, sorry to have missed your last message. to repeat some comments we have made below, we are assessing scope for extra rewards, but as i am sure you understand we can't shoot from the hip on these and need to work out the financial and logistical feasibilities, as well as coordinate with third parties. @dennis also makes some very valid and applicable points below about regarding the risks and costs of scaling, all of which we are approaching in a way that ensures the product you have backed is as good as it can be.
this is my 2 cents. 1. my previous comment is gone and was not answered. 2. !t's a matter of economics, the stretch. they only needed $30k to supply the backers that got them to that monetary level their backed priced 3doodler. in that initial 30k was the cost to manufacture (factory/tooling/worker, cost/pay), shipping and a lil something something for the brains behind the creation. as we know with economics the more things ordered the less they cost per item. as far as funding we are almost 700% past the goal and probably the same value past the actual initial units manufactured. that said, the more that are backed the less each unit cost. what i pledged i stand behind, that was the value needed to get this ship moving, now that the ship is moving at way better then full steam, i know the value i pledged should garner me a lil more. even if its a hat, pen or pin.
@juan carlos - after heating and extrusion transparent plastics come out a little milky, which is not ideal.
how about transparent plastic for repairs around the house? :)
@frode the etsy special is a limited edition run of 100 only. they will not make any more etsy figurines.
@wobbleworks why aren't you unlocking more of the "color-tastic + sellers on etsy special", it is a very cool deal. i would have signed for one myself if it hadn't been for my early november-slot.
@gadgetman!  i feel like it isn't if they are for separate people (and past comments by ww agree).  if you just wanted a dozen for yourself and made a dozen accounts, that could be considered "cheating," but one for a friend and one for yourself is probably fine.
i feel that having two accounts are cheating, somehow. anyway, by the time the first 3doodler arrives, i may even have gotten my prusa mendel 3d printer to work...
@adrian - and just like that, february arrives :p
only 167 left.  i wonder if they'll be unlocking a february batch soon.
@gadgetman, you could always get a second account.  if you order now, you'll get january, but if you stick around long enough, you can move up.  several of us went from january to december to october.  (apparently the november people are set :p )
@nial - those would be awesome.  i'm planning to buy a kg of filament when it gets here, and i think i've decided on silver, for the metallic look to match my classic metal ad&d figures (set: 2006 specialists), but fun colors would be awesome as a pseudo-stretch-goal, that wouldn't cost *too* much.  most kgs on amazon are around the same price, other than glowing.  i also like the discount idea, but i think it goes against ks rules (not sure).
not giving up my early bird slot.  that 3doodler is going to make me 'favorite uncle' at christmas. can't wait until the team starts taking normal orders so that i can have one for myself...
i am another of many, who is disappointed by the lack of a real "streach-goal" bunt i can understand that attempting to supply one, at this point. would actually cause many more risks to the success of the project. i pledged because i saw what the potential of the 3doodle was. money is tight with me, and i really try to evaluate any kind of expenditure before going through with it, but the 3doodle hit so close to a device that i've been hoping to find, for years, that i had absolutely no hesitation before grabbing an october colortastic. since then, of the people i have passed the link on to, at least 4-5 others have pledged as well. even my mother pledged for one, which surprised me later, when i spoke with her. by the time october comes around, i plan to have prototyped some kind of 3d drafting tool. i can barely draw a straight line on paper, doing so in thin air literally adds a third dimension of difficulty, but i am looking forwards to the challenge. i'm just hoping to see an early bird open up, that i can grab, though i doubt that will happen.
thank you to whomever gave up their october spot!!!
i think the problem is just sheer numbers! it seems like everyone (nearly) who wanted a 3doodler pledged in the 1st few days and now its kind of leveled off, its funding has been unusual even by kickstater standards by jumping to $2mil and then leveling off so suddenly and now just ticking over with $10k a day or so being pledged. one of my points is, that because funding has been so good it will mean 3doodler will be more successful making a rev2, rev3 and so on an almost certainty along with future upgrades and addons for later models, it means these things will become availbale but later. i think if wobbleworks threw a discount scheme in for kickstarter backers to get a good price on all future releases and accessories then that (in the long run) would be a sweeter deal then having a couple of rushed through items now... i also like the idea of templates for building some big ol models and also stencils that are made from something thick enough that contain different pre-cut "things" like letters and numbers a-z 1-10 and some extra characters like ! @ # $ ? and so on) and maybe some shapes, objects etc.  also obviously another good bonus item would be a bag or pack of "specialist filaments" like glow in the dark, metallic , uv reactive, transparent and so on.. i bought some glow in the dark filament last week and ran a model off yesterday and they look awesome in the dark, i also use metallic colours which look awesome when printed too. people just need to remember how much fun and how many things are possible with this product, its remarkable that they have been able to bring 3d printing into virtually any home for such a low price. 8 days ago you would have to spend a minimum of around $500 for a cheap diy printer kit and a min of around $1000 for a ready made printer. overnight that changed with the launch of 3doodler and its going to have massive effects all through the 3d printing world! just wait patiently for you 3doodler (i know how hard that is as i cant wait to get mine either, there are alot of things that this can do that regular 3d printers cant) and watch and wait for what happens in the next 6-12 months!!! quite a few projects run without stretch goals, especially when they are so succesfull early on. again its better in the long run as it means the cash is there for future development of addons etc.. with some time and without any deadlines and 22k people all wanting things then im sure some amazing addons will be available to buy not long after the main product is released.
i think it is a shame that people are complaining about getting tips, more freebies, etc, especially since this is such a successful project for wobbleworks. $2mil so far, wow!! well done guys, hope you double the amount. great idea, now just need great execution.
@dennis and nial - apologies.  i didn't know about the different mechanisms within the pen that would have to be changed.  i was thinking along the lines of the ribbon tip/other tips with about the same flow, rather than the specific ones mentioned (different sizes).  in that case, i would think it not nearly as difficult to cause the change, and would really boil down to different tips, rather than a totally different mechanism.  if all that changes is the actual tips(which is what i had thought was happening), then the cost would not be so prohibitively high, and the change *would* be similar to metal icing tips.  as it is, your explanations do make total sense, and i certainly don't expect the entire mechanism to be retooled for kickstarter. all that being said, this is my first ks w/o stretch goals, and it is a little sad to not have any.  however, i'm quite happy with my backing and i'm certainly not going to pull my funding, nor even suggest i would.   for <$100, this is an excellent ks.
@nial pearce, if i might add, not only is the hot tip a concern to get right, but also the ability to instantly cool the plastic is a bigger concern.  a larger volume of plastic may be more difficult to cool and might not even be possible.  a flat ribbon tip might be easier to do though.  then there is the problem that different colors of plastics do not melt at exactly the same temperature.  as you pointed out, there is a ton of expensive engineering to make interchangeable tips work, and there is no guarantee that it can be done in a low cost pen.  the stretch goal is that they will undertake the engineering of this sooner, but there is no guarantee of success. @everyone, the point of supporting a ks project is to be an enabler of something that you want to see happen.  once the project has made the minimum funding, anyone else who comes along is in it for the rewards, or because they want to see a stretch goal also funded.  in this case the basic reward was enough to excite a lot of people.  no stretch goal was required. funding at this level does actually increase certain risks.  if there are not a lot to build, then the tooling is likely to be prototype tooling that is not too expensive to redo if mistakes are made.  and ordering the wrong parts from inventory can likely be exchanged for the right parts from inventory.  at these volumes though, a mistake would incur a substantial expense and the supplier will have also invested in making a custom run that they might not be able to modify or exchange.  everything changes when you go from hundreds or thousands to tens of thousands.
was just thinking about the estimated arrival date and i really hope the 3doodlers get here towards the beginning/middle of the month! i'd love to be able to make some cute little bat or pumpkin plastic figurines in time for halloween :d  i'd be happy even if they arrived exactly on the 31st though lol, i just cant wait!
@annie - if only i could switch you.  i've got an october $99 one i'd love to trade down, but i'd be afraid of losing my place.
phew after days of reloading, i went from december to october! yes! i get less plastic though. i'm hoping you guys will sell some bags of plastic as an add-on or something.
apologies for a long post, it just annoys me when people are getting an insanely good deal on a brand new piece of technology and still just expect more! also because generally most people have never seen a 3d printer in person working, they don't realize how it works and how critical it is to have the right temp/distance/speed.
you really don't under how 3d printing and pla/abs work in this kind of system if you think creating extra tips is a simple idea or even remotely like "icing tips"... tomorrow i will upload and link a video of my 3d printer with the print head 150mm off the print bed and show exactly how quickly both the 2 plastics set once they leave the 200 degree or so hot end. this will be on a full size printer that has a much larger hot end assembly and extruder setup along with changes of speed and flow down into 0.1mm/s changes being available! realistically for tips to work there is so much that would have to happen, drive speed would need to be increased significantly likely needing a higher rated stepper motor or at the very least the motor controller and its power circuit being changed to give a higher output which will all take place on the main circuit board and require at least 6-12 different components (6-12 x 22,600 or so = sourcing a further 1/4 of a million parts upwards!!! the inclusion of these tips would create some serious mathematical changes and it boils down to some pretty tricky calculations and work with thermal dynamics and conductivity. the tips would either have to be so close to the hot end heating block/element and made of a seriously good heat conductive metal, this would mean modifying the design of the existing nozzle to either be removable and replaceable or much thinner with a very tight thread going back up towards the point where the heat source is to allow the extra tips to be able to heat up almost as well as the existing setup but with 5-10mm or so of extra length to push plastic through keeping it above 200 degrees all the way! this would at the very least require a significant increase in power to the heating resistor to out put more heat to heat up a larger volume of metal (and plastic) this will require some serious prototyping then beta testing and qa as that increase in power and temp would again require different components for the power circuit and heat control circuits and possibly a change in the heating element (resistor) and thermistor (temp monitor) and changes to the heating block and nozzle design to accommodate the extra nozzle being attached and to be able to pass the temp to the added tip which would mean a higher starting temp at the heater and onward to the heated parts which would also likely require changes in the distances between the heated parts and the non heated parts (like the plastic case for example) to ensure no hazard or extra wear or damage is caused and that the thing doesn't melt even during heavy use and long periods! again delays caused by another 1/4 mil of component sourcing and changing and a long period of testing for so many things! the filament drive would need some major changes with more speed settings needed so that it could supply enough plastic to the tip to extrude the extra amount of plastic required. basically it would require an entire redesign of the hot-end system and the filament drive system and the main circuitry. your talking months of work just to meet the safety standards that will be required to be tested again as it would be a hotter system using more power and therefore a different product requiring basically all new certification and qa. i am not saying it cant be done, i know it can be done. you can change nozzles on most 3d printers, but even on a full size machine where access is no problem it is still a real pain when you do change them and it takes ages to re-calibrate flow rates and speeds once you swap them over. you certainly wouldn't be able to switch back and forth due to how many tiny but crucial changes would need to be made each time!)  what i am saying is it cant be done on this scale without either quality & safety being affected and/or a large delay period while the changes are designed, parts ordered (which would include having 60,000 tips machined - based on a pack of 3 tips) then tested, prototypes made and fitted into a new 3doodler, beta testing and torture testing to ensure the 3doodler is still giving good results with the extra "tips" in place and to make sure the thing is up to the same amount of use at the higher temp and with different circuits to ensure its not going to give out after 10 hours of use. either that or they can rush it through to minimize the delays (which would still be significant) and you may end up with a product that produces poorer results then the current model and that does not last as long as the existing model and/or has more faults requiring rma's. what i am saying is let the existing 3doodler be released as is and then focus on these additions for a 2nd model for a later release and to keep everyone happy produce a discount scheme so that kickstarter backers of this model get a reduced price when the 2nd model is released and with all ks backers getting a head start with notifications once they start gearing up for the launch and a period for ks backers only to be able to pre-order before anyone else. that, to me is the way ahead if i was this product's creator. i think wobbleworks did jump the gun a little and put the tips idea out there too early which was a mistake. however, they did not know exactly how well 3doodler would do (kickstarter is unpredictable) and if it had only hit $100k with 1000 or so backers then ironically it would of been alot easier to add changes late in the process, if they had only sold 100, it would be easy to make those changes. they are absolutely doing the right thing tho in not adding any hardware changes or additions to the rev1 3doodler. in the same way as i hope they make up for the mistake of putting the extra tips out there by offering a discount and early pre-order of a rev2 model with changeable nozzles once they are done working on the current model. you are getting an amazing piece of kit for a stupidly small amount of money. trust me, once you get your 3doodler you will wonder what all the fuss about nozzles was all for!! **i may of missed a few bits and pieces here and there and may even have some of my facts wrong but bottom line is that if you want extra tips or any significant hardware changes or additions then it will be a long delay. as i have mentioned in a previous post, if there are that many people that want the tips so bad that they are willing to wait an extra 3-6 months (and even then it may not work), then there should be a new pledge option made for people to join so they can choose to roll the dice on the extras while the rest of us are pretty much guaranteed our delivery dates of our standard 3doodler. personally i couldn't care less about extra tips and wouldn't buy a rev2 if they made one. i am quite happy with what im going to get for $75. @whoever it was who said i was wrong for saying "kickstarter is not a shop"... it isn't!!! you are backing a product to be launched, not just sold. the money being pledged and raised is not just for 25,000 units to be produced and sold through kickstarter. a large chunk of that money is going into the commercial launch of whatever product and also to enable the creators to get the item created for less money and to give them enough stock or money to have more stock made once ks orders are shipped and done to then offer it to the public. its paying for advertising for the commercial launch, more r&d, it gets the product into as many hands as possible to spread the word and enable people to show their friends/co-workers etc the product and have them go online and buy one (after ks campaign). you are not getting stocks or stakes in the company but you are getting a return on your investment by getting (in this case) a 3doodler for a significantly discounted price then it will be sold for after it is launched. it is similar to a shop but you are not buying a product that will defiantly come to you, you are investing in the idea/concept that only gets implemented if a campaign succeeds. even then there is no guarantee that you will get your reward. the creators could make some bad choices during production and create 25k 3doodlers that don't work at all and have no money left to fix them. if that happened there is no money back guarantee, you are taking a risk on an idea that you think will happen and be successful (which 99/100 are). and time wise, shipping is set to start in october, that's not guaranteed either, you may have to wait a further 12 months if something went wrong and if it did then you are not entitled to your money back. there are campaigns that have made and exceeded their goals in the past that have failed after the campaign ends resulting in all backers getting nothing, it does happen and that is one of the risks you take. as i said before, kickstarter is not a shop/store, it is a place to invest in new products/ideas/concepts with a range of rewards (returns). @wobbleworks, keep up the great work on a great product!!
hey wobbleworks! i'm a very happy october color-tastic backer and i love this project. i was just wondering if the 3doodler will be able to print new wood filament as sold by formfutura? thanks for the feedback, also i would love some glow in the dark filament for my 3doodler!
i must admit, the lack of stretch goals is a little disheartening, but i suppose we have no real space to complain.  the only thing i would be really upset about is if this v1 that we get does not at least have the tip changing ability.  that, if not some extra tips, should be doable by september with this level of funding. but like several others, i don't really care about the holder, so the tips are the only mentioned "stretch" that i care about.  at around $1 per tip retail cost on icing tips, i can't imagine they'd be super expensive to produce at least a couple for ks backers, assuming they are getting some level of profit on them already. that all being said, for the $100, i think the pen and "ink" are fairly priced.  i don't feel like i'm getting ripped off by not getting stretch goals, but i might feel that way if these end up retailing for less than the ks price.  stretch goals aren't necessarily expected on a kickstarter, but on something this scale, it's somewhat rare to not have them. (though i'm still giddy from being able to snag an october slot after an entire day of refreshing while playing d&d)
i love the idea of changeable tips. anyone who has ever decorated a cake can tell you that some amazing things can be done with a slight change in the extruding tip. i buy into kickstarter projects when i think i'm getting a good value for my investment, not when i think it'll net me the most loot. the cost of extras isn't always factored into the initial price point of a project, and i'd gladly pay extra to add-on additional variable tips (look at the offerings of cake decorating tips!)
@martin locher full ack! i am quite disappointed that there are no stretchgoals. at least some more tips should be possible with that huge amount of money.
@nial pearce you say kickstarter is not a shop. in the same post you write, that you are happy receiving the product exactly as it is now. well then what, if not a shop, is kickstarter when backers (or in other word investors) won't have a significant advantage over buyers puchasing the product later? usually investors profit, when the company profits. as we only back a project without getting shares, i would expect the additional money raised would be used to improve the product or add something to it. even if that only means a discount on future products or additions. for me learning that we can not seriously expect anything added to the product we "purchased" there is no reason to share any of my ideas as i don't see what i would get in return for my service. so, i remain a buyer of a product, but nothing more than that. or, in other words, to me, this kickstarter project looks like an online shop with a wish list for future editions of the product we buy.
got a lucky snipe of a december earlier today, then a snipe of an october a few hours later.  christmas will be coming early! :d
template kits would be awesome! :)
with the plastic filament, there are even places that sell it by the meter! it normally has a minimum order of 5 meters (16ft) as any less would be pointless to buy and ship (for 3d printers anyway - 3doodle may change that) i am in the uk and use a great little store called fabadashery who sell an amazing range of pla on 100m spools or by the meter!!! i like it as its only a few pennies more per meter then buying a large 199m or 1kg spool and i can order 3 or 4 colours at a time in smaller amounts which means i can switch up the colours of my models or prototypes and try new colours without having to by several full spools of which i may not like the colour and it ending up sitting at the bottom of the stack for ever. they also offer next day shipping (within the uk) so if i get a request for a print in a colour i don't have i can use the pretty accurate estimate that my printing (slicing) software gives me based on its calculations and then order that amount + a little extra for false starts etc.. i use 1.75mm but they also stock nearly all their colours in 3mm too, they just don't stock abs.  im sure there are similar stores in the us and around the world that offer good domestic shipping rates and who also offer international delivery the same as the store i use does! i know there is 1 in france and 1 in the netherlands too so europe is covered. the us is bound to have such services and likewise for aus, nz, china and japan.  im guessing wobbleworks will be offering a similar service, they can buy in the big bulk purchase reels and then sell by the foot or meter with a 10ft min purchase (again because its pretty pointless buying any less and having it shipped), im betting that these guys make a whole bunch of ways for you to buy extra plastic if you don't want to or cant buy else where!
$2 million!!!! congrats guys! keep up the fantastic job you are doing  with this amazing project!
@emma plastic for 3d extruders is very cheap and easy to get. you can buy the 1kg spool which is roughly 120 meters (131 yards) for under $50 usd. that should last you a very long time. google it and you will find plenty of places to get it from in a wide variety of colors.
@sven - sleep? only in our 3doodled hammock. [please do not make one at home] @emma - we are aiming to sell additional plastic (hopefully before your 3doodler ships), alternatively we have listed a number of outlets for 1kg spools on our main page and in the faq.
hey!  will i be able to just buy extra plastics separately?  i got the two bag plastic, would have loved the 10 bag though!! :)
i started at 25000 for my first kickstarter event, this is amazing. i guess it aint always like this ? @3doodler do you still sleep ? or yet ? congratz
congratulations with crossing 2 millions. 22k backers. still 22 days to go, in 2 days you will be sold out again, that's something 2 be proud of! well done wobbleworks!
a gushing thank you to all of you.
2 million!!!! and seven dollars :)
just broke 2 million! :)
@bandar - faraz will be recording some more 3doodling later this weekend and we hope to post more next week. @kirpa... so close...
@andrew - not in v.1.0. it's more complicated than simply making the heating elements more adjustable. it would also require adjustments to the fan strength (as that's the part that allows for the rapid cooling). that's a lot of variable, testing time and r&d to get just right.
we want more video for 3doodler  please
mmmhhh.....$2 million approaching fast....is anybody else getting goosebumps??
i wanted to know the same thing as rando as well.  i'd be great if i could temporarily turn off or adjust the cooling function.  i want to be able to repair jobs for plastics and outer welds aren't very nice.  i'd be great if i were able to use it more like a glue applicator for plastics.
someone's post earlier with a link to that extruded plastic chair got me thinking about dollhouse furniture... and now i'm even more excited about that october shipment and some xmas gifts i may be able to make for my toddler! yay!
i cannot wait to try this out next year! this is definitely one company i will follow so as to support this project and any future ones you have.  great job!
i am amazed at just how many comments here are simply people bitching and asking for extras. you backed a concept. this is an amazing concept and you all should be grateful that it is being undertaken.  sit back, relax, and soon you will behold something truly amazing. i for one do not expect any extras and will wait for things to develop as they will.
i just got lucky and went from jan to oct when a slot opened up for the same money. color me very happy.
thanks wobbleworks.  i know this is already a huge success... and nothing needs changed, but like people said weeks ago (i've been laying low since day 2), a heat control would be real nice if we didn't want the plastic to cool instantly... which would just be variable wattage control in essence. if you guys did a future project for a handheld injection mold type extruder, it would also do very well. thanks. it looks great.  heard about this from an email from coolminiornot... just so ya know. ;)
hi rando - we haven't tested the larger tips yet, so we can't provide a precise answer. at the moment, using the 0.4mm tips, the plastic cool almost instantly.
nice. i am really liking the tips. i have one question though... a srrious question... :) hiw long does the plastic really take to cool??? i am hoping to use this on molds.. but if i can't extrude the plastic quick enough with the largest tip then this won't work... so do you guys *think* this will work?
@alice, @sharisse, we are planning a template kit for ks backers, in time for your 3doodlers, and we are enhancing and fast tracking the community site so that you have all the resources you need on day 1.
people seem to forget that you are backing a project to launch a product or service. by pledging you are not "buying" a 3doodler, you are helping raise funds to make the launch of the product as good and as well managed as possible and for doing that you are getting a 3doodler as a "reward". kickstarter is not a shop! also due to the price and popularity of this product and the availability of it to those who have never really looked into 3d printing let alone tried it, it is causing alot of confusion with people as they don't know the limits of printing with pla or abs or how the extruder and hotend work on a 3d printer. temperature is the key with 3d printing and from the video you can see just how fast the plastic hardens almost as soon as it has passed the ~200 degree hotend. for once i have no doubt that this product will release on time and as described as they have done their research and are staying away from things that have sunk previous projects, especially printers. they are outsourcing all manufacturing to a 3rd party who can easily deal with the production line building process needed for this product and are in fact being very sensible by not adding stuff or editing features as 9/10 that is what delays ks projects. i say keep the kickstarter 3doodler as simple as possible, exactly as it currently is (with any minor essential changes or small cosmetic changes and mostly internal parts that become available due to the team being able to use higher quality parts that are more expensive but will mean a longer life span of the tool based on parts inside the unit and that may (or may not) reduce the required internal space meaning they can reduce the overall size a little keeping the overall design. this is an amazing concept as is and i think the team are spot on by sticking to their original plan as it works and works damn well, it looks good, it produces fantastic results and is totally unique. if you start messing with ideas after 12+ months of development based on one design and then change that design last minute then its bound to cause problems and delays, so i am hoping no major additions are added and if they are then they should go in a different pledge level away from the original design so those of us who want the 3doodler as is and on time get that and the people who want all these add ons can roll the dice and see how long it takes to get a dremmel sized tool working to push heated molten thermoplastic another 10-15mm through an extra nozzle!. for the price as it is you are getting alot of fun and a great piece of tech. i would be happy if nothing was changed and my 3doodler arrived exactly as it is now. some of you do not realize just what you are getting for an insanely low price here! please lay off the bitching and support the product you have chosen to support. if you don't like it like that then cancel your pledge and let someone who is further down the list who actually wants the product in on your earlier spot! then wait till next year for a later version with some added features but pay the retail price. @3doodler team : keep up the fantastic work, keep on doing what your doing, keep the design as is. its not like you need to win pledges by promising lots of requested addons like some previous printer projects have done - which has ultimately led to long delays and issues. keep on working on the current design with a thought a way down the line for addons after the initial product has launched! things like templates and stencils are great ideas for stretch goals and rewards as the wont effect the design of the tool. im absolutely sure the team agree with that but they have more sense then to snap their fingers and make promises. even small things like stencils and templates need some thought and discussion within the team before any promises can be made. give these guys a chance, they are having to make drastic changes to their plans by upping the production numbers so high, that means a ton of sourcing 1000's of extra components to be able to even build the original tool for all the extra backers let alone working out the parts lists and sourcing all those for addons. if they had only sold 500 units this would actually be easier but still would of carried the same technical issues with changing a design late in the process and would most likely of caused delays. be patient, there is 23 days to go so loads of time to pull your pledge if your not happy with what you will be getting. me personally, im amazed this has been released at such a low price so im more then happy to sit back, wait for october and get my awesome 3doodler for an amazing price of $75. owning a full large 3d printer i know exactly how just 0.1mm and in some cases even 0.01mm can completely change the dynamics of a print/printer and how it processes its plastic filament, which is why i really hope no major changes or useless addons are added! great work guys!
@sharisse exactly! even a few ks exclusive templates as i suggested would be something for the backers helping to make this a reality, and it would cost them nothing but a little time and effort!
hi wobbleworks guys, what has happened  has obviously been a mindblower! but then you have a mindblowingly gorgeous product project here and what you've managed to do by accident is basically set up the whole business with a massive supply chain investment. i am sure that you must be desperately thinking 'how the hell do we level up to this?'. personally, i would get some pretty good business mentors. kind of... nowish ;) also, i wouldn't worry too much about people saying "i'm bowing out /  leaving / voting with my feet" - a small number may, but your need for a coherent plan is more important than worrying about a few stretch goals (imho). i think doing something awesome for people who have 'invested' in setting up your business is important, but  work out the details later, maybe? i have one suggestion, for when you start to advertise pre-sales commercially: think about education discounts. my first thought after backing was that i want to give a gift to my kids' school of ten with a whole slew of plastic. they would be an *awesome* tool in understanding 3d design projects for prototyping. so keep that kickstarty type of good will in the project and a) discount for bulk (eg: above 5) and sling in a big bag full of plastic for sales registered to schools. or something like that. also, take a big, big leaf out of sugru's book and basically copy their customer community engagement wholesale ;) good luck, don't freak out with the success, and get grown up help. and huge congrats so far. can't wait to get my pen and start sharing it with my kids. i am supremely jealous of the rollercoaster you're on right now!
in your earlier comments, you said:  "we're limited in some respect by the platform, as it doesn't really allow add-ons, just switching of backing levels. what we'll do is make the accessories available on a pre-sale site the day after kickstarter, maintaining your priority, and either shipping everything at that earlier date if possible, or whenever each product is ready." a pre-sale site would be great. and like others said, maybe a coupon or something?
in response to your response to alice: i think what everyone meant was a little something extra because you are way past your original $30k goals. re: better/slimmer design, you were still probably going to do this at 30k, right? as for the removable tips, that's great, but you already assured backers of all this at the $30k goal. i think people are just expecting more since you've managed to raise almost $2million.
@chris russo - also check your confirmation email. it explains it all. btw what month was yours supposed to ship? would love to get one earlier. i'm in the january group....
@chris russo, just click on the manage your pledge button.
i hate to say it but with ks track record on other projects i have backed, and seeing just how this much money can easily be mismanaged, and the whole non "stretch goals" issue, i will be backing out. if this product is as great as its potential i will buy when they become commercially available. after all the bugs are worked out. after the accessories are possibly available.  now please tell me how to cancel my pledge. thanks and i really hope this turns out to be successful.
@drew, our understanding of the 3d printing market is that everyone has a slightly different nozzle head, which means there is no universal standard.
@alice, there is no retail cost set yet. we will endeavour to get it as low as the ks price, but as mentioned in one our faqs this is not something we can guarantee at this time. also, shipping all of the ks orders is our first priority, before a single piece gets to retail (that includes january orders too). regarding the wider temperature controls, while this is getting a lot of thought, we are not working on it yet as we are focussed on shipping you a 3doodler that works well with the plastics already specified. we have future versions in mind, but as with the version we have been working on, these all need to go through months of testing (including any new materials testing for the variable temperature version) before we get close to production. re added value. there are numerous things we are doing to enhance the current offering. we saw lots of these as a given, which is why we have not made a song and dance of them, i.e. they are things we would love to do for you to show our thanks for your backing. for example, the detachable nozzles for future compatibility, fine tuning the ergonomics of then pen and even trying to slim it down further, and we are doggedly pursuing other requests such as the inclusion glow in the dark plastics in your bags. these are all items that we are working on right now. we did not want to broadcast the design enhancements until we had final images to show you. and providing confirmation of the glow in the dark plastics will still take some time as we have to coordinate with third parties on this one. finally, we have already started planning our community pages so that you have a wealth of templates available to you, and we will be looking to provide additional templates with your 3doodlers too. we are of course looking into other ways we can thank you for your amazing backing and will keep you posted on this. perhaps we need to shout a little louder about the little things we are doing to make your 3doodler experience that much better.
i think it's pretty clear that wobbleworks made a mistake at minimum with their communication regarding the stretch goal. obviously, with almost $2 million pledged this is going to be a lot more profitable for them than if they only met their goal of $30,000. their tooling costs, etc. will remain largely the same as they would have been had they raised only $30,000. i totally understand that wobbleworks would want to make a profit, why not just admit that? if they give away a stand and tips for free, it will cut into their profits. i think it's clear that wobbleworks should make an offer to all the backers for a holder and set of tips for a reduced price once they are available. it really surprises me that they haven't done that. they could include a certificate for the discount when the 3doodler is shipped. i think it will be kick in the face to the backers, if the holder and tips are sold to the general public for the same price that backers have to pay.
@alexander - we'll be shipping from factory to dispatch centre at our end, and then it's our intention that once it is sent to your address there will be tracking numbers that we can send out.
what may actually be more beneficial to all users, is to make the pen compatible with standard 3d printer extruder nozzles. this way anyone would be able to go and purchase their own extruder sizes as they need them. then wobbleworks would only have to develop various different shapes that would only be useful when drawing and not printing.
@wobbleworks how can i track my 3doodler once it ships?
is there a way to track where my 3doodler is once it ships?
@sabine; i agree cannot wait till october!
well i do understand that some are disappointed due to the fact that the holder and the tips wil not be included. but wobbleworks clearly wrote that they tell us what they have in mind for the future and "that may be during the ks period or after'". now there are 22,107 backers and they stretched delivery till januray because so many people want a 3doodler.  now that they are finalizing the design of the pen they can't start with the holder and then they have to test the new tips. though there is a lot of time till the first delivery in september but you have to consider that those have to be produced for all! i think that it is quite hard to find a manufactory to produce so many quantities in so little time (when all tests and designs are done). i think it is better to get well tested and designed tips and holder than some mickey mouse job where all are disappointed in the end. maybe wobbleworks considers some discount coupon for backers when they purchase the holder with the tips in the future. i am still happy to be a backer of this project and i am looking forward to receive mine in october. they do a great job and i really appriciate that they want to deliver the best designed product. i think this is more valueable than getting addional tips or holder as a stretch goal especially when they plan to sell them on their website (so we can all get what we really need and/or want).
hazel - congrats on getting the 10-pack, and even sooner than your original change out to the november 2-pack :) now, hopefully this stretch goal fiasco can get taken care of - at more than 1.9 million dollars above (and thousands of backers more than probably expected), it might not be a bad idea to give us investors an idea of the cost breakdowns, and show us, financially, why any stretch goal may or may not be possible. many of us have backed countless other projects and have loved it when the funding went over the initial goals (and we received something above and beyond in return for helping the project succeed). but, many times, we were given explanations as to what's financially possible with the extra funding. maybe you're not making enough after the expenses of manufacturing and other fee considerations with the number of backers you now have to include anything extra, but, we'd love to know that.
have to admit, i'm another slightly disappointed at the lack of stretch goals. correct me if i'm wrong but: *the retail cost for 3doodlers will be pretty much what we're paying now. *they should be on retail release soon after the ks orders ship. *you're already planning an 'improved' version with better temperature alterations which will not be in this ks. *backing a ks project is a risk backers take to support something they believe in. *you are massively over your original goal. all this being said why can't you add in a little extra something for the people backing this project? i can totally understand not wanting to release tips/holders that don't meet your expectations but what about, as people have suggested, some extra plastic? if you're concerned about shipping costs then make some downloadable ks exclusive 3doodler templates or something! i'm not going to back out of my pledge, what you guys are doing is amazing, but there are people voting with their feet, please bear this in mind!
it pays to refresh! i finally got an october color-tastic! incredibly happy! now i can sleep! :-)
@wobbleworks, i am just curious as to why you guys are only producing 100 3doodlers in september then waiting another whole month before releasing another 5085 ?  then 7000 in november, then 4000 in december (i'm assuming christmas and year end being the reason?) then back up to 6000 at the moment in january.  if you have the product ready and finalized for mass production for september, why only 100 of them ? regarding the stretch goal confusion.  i understand not being able to have all the tips and holder ready to ship with the release of the 3doodler.  but i agree with everyone else, for almost being over 2 million, you guys should definitely be having some kind of official stretch goal.  i think the easiest and most useful thing would be to add more filament to the bags and/or add an extra bag, more mileage for our doodlers and imagination :) i am also very curious to know if laywood filament will work in the 3doodler as it states that its similar to pla and operates in the temp range around 190c - 220c ?
thanks for the info. i'd still love to have some if it's possible, but i can totally understand if it isn't. it just seems like a brilliant match for the 3doodler. i've been watching 3d printing a bit and i saw a rubber like filament somewhere but have not gotten into it enough to know the ins and outs of the materials. i was more referring to the color-tastic with the colour choices, and yeah i can see with so many backers it would be a pain to let everyone choose their colours. if you do end up with a ton of options though, you could maybe consider a few different colour sets to choose from. (maybe add-on options where we could pick up more sets!)
awesome, thanks!
@sharisse, we just checked and all of the abs providers listed also provide pla. most of them have a pla listing tab on the left side menu bar.
@sharisse, we'll get you a list in the next day or so.
for being 6500% over your intended goal i would think that you guys could put a little more out for the backers/early adopters. i can understand there are time restraints, and more work that needs to go into r/d but not having the tips and holder as part of the set is a let down now. i'm not dropping my pledge, just disappointed.
@mjp: wow, an october color-tastic? i envy you! :-)
@purple llama, dennis is correct, the upper melting range of nylon 618 is higher than that of abs. there are a number of materials we have not yet tested, including nylon 618, but in due course we'll be running tests on more and more materials and will report back. regarding your second question, for regular 3doodler backers there will be two bags of mixed color plastic, i.e. the bags will contain an assortment of colors. we'll be doing surveys after our kickstarter closes to determine overall color preferences/mix, but it is unlikely that backers will be able to specify the exact color mix within each bag. when it comes to color-tastic backers, we'll be shipping ten bags of different color plastics (as set out in the reward level). again, surveys will be used to gage overall color preferences/mix alongside supply availability (including, we hope, the possibility of glow in the dark plastics).
i guess this whole "stretch goals" misinterpretation has been beneficial to some as we're able to move into earlier spots that have been vacated. i just pledged for the january 10-filament pack goal a few hours ago, and just spotted an october opening. moving on up. i'll be glad to get it this year, rather than next :)
@purple llama, i am not aware of any elastic abs or pla printable filament.  there is a new product nylon 618 that is somewhat elastic and comes in 3mm filament for 3d printing.  it does melt at a little higher temperature than abs though, so it may not work at the 3doodler abs heat setting.
@dennis, very well phrased. and thank you for your input on this. if this comments board had "pinning" capabilities we'd be pinning that to the top. that's exactly our intention, and we sincerely hope that when you do get your 3doodler you see the value and care taken in refining and producing it.
on plastics: a "colour" i'd *love* to see is a rubber-like filament. imagine being able to draw something, hold it in your hand, squash it and have it pop right back! could also be used to draw elastic bands of whatever size we needed (a practical use), or even those fancy shaped elastics and fitted bracelets that you stretch to get over your hand. while i'm on the topic of plastics, are there going to be exactly ten plastics that everyone gets? or will we be able to pick and choose which colours we get? (especially at the color-tastic level).
#faq: i checked the faq for where to get the plastic for the pen. all the links you provided are for abs plastic.. any chance you can post trusted merchants who sell pla plastic as well?
@wobbleworks even though you have clarified "this is not a stretch goal" you lead us astray by asking us what we would like for "stretch goals" so what you are telling us is, the 2m plus dollars in funds will barely cover 1 pen per person, no frills or "stretch goals" and to even think of "changing or adding" things that the pen can do will over-extend the funds available per person, and extend the possible delivery.  i think september/october is a pretty long time to wait to get this pen in the first place.  to delay that even further would not be good. stretch goals exist to get backers to "encourage" other backers and get new backers interested, all in the hopes of getting a stretch goal.  i won't be dropping my pledge, but please be more clear when you promise one thing and call it a stretch goal, then remove it. some stretch goals i have seen that would have worked: if we reach 'goal' everyone gets a free extra bag of sampler color plastic if we reach 'goal' all sept. october pledgers get the holder and tips, everyone else can add money to their pledge to get one if we reach 'goal' the holder and tip set will be produced for an extra $20 added to the pledge. etc. etc. etc.
@wobbleworks, apology accepted.  you really did mangle the communication about stretch goals.  it is clear now what you meant to say, though i'll bet most backers did not understand it the way you meant it.  adding a $10 cost of tips and holder (including tooling and engineering), for instance for 20k backers is $200k of cost.  not a small thing, and not likely to help you succeed.  it might have been better to have presented the extra value to backers in this way: the extra funds received do to the overwhelming response to our campaign will be put to good use.  instead of our plan to produce a more modest number of 3doodlers and then start work on designing some of the great add-on accessory products next year, now we can use those funds to hire extra resources to begin designing these accessories now and tool them in parallel.  this means that you will have the option of increasing the capabilities of your 3doodler much sooner than originally planned.  it also means that we will be able to fine tune the initial 3doodler design so that you original 3doodler will be compatible with the new accessories like interchangeable tips when they are available.  thank you for supporting 3doodler.
after a whole bunch of refreshes, a november spot opened up! so happy! :-) it's not the color-tastic option that i wanted, but anything for an early delivery since it's meant to be a present! hurray!
@gavin - when you say custom colors do you mean the shell or the plastic? there are no plans to provide shell varieties yet. as for the plastic, we'll be providing the widest array of colors available on the market - part of which depends on sources secured, but also the level of color innovation within abs and pla supplies. and as also mentioned, we are looking into securing quantities of glow in the dark plastics to ship with your 3doodlers, as this has been in high demand amongst backers.
...no, no, if that was your intended meaning you were pretty much the exact opposite of clear.  i would in fact go so far as to say that's the opposite of what you promised.  i'm...not pleased about this at all.
hurray, an earlier pledge level opened up when you clarified the "streatch goal". so it's good news after all ;-) (partially irony) no, it totally makes sense that you want to do the maths on the material and build cost of any of those things before you promise anything. to anyone who want the stand, why can't you draw it yourself once you get the pen :-p
i mean, the update even ends "but rest assured we will be providing you with four separate tips for four different functions." not "we will be offering" but "we will be providing" i don't want to be the negative thorn in your side, but these differences matter when communicating with your buying public and i'm simply not impressed. i don't have the intention of filling your comments up with negativity, so i'll leave it at that. please be more direct and clear in the future.
yeah, eric's right. the language felt pretty clear to me that we were talking about added value. i'm still excited and can't wait to get my 3doodle, but can't help but to feel let down to a degree.
here's the problem:  in update #4, you clearly stated that "either way you'll be getting products you love, and which we know we can deliver."  again "you"ll be getting" upgrades that "we know we can deliver."  not "you'll be getting later but only if you buy is separately."  that sure sounds to me like a promise to backers.  today's update appears to be a reneging on that promise.  with nearly $2 million raised, there should be some room for backer rewards of some kind.
gotta say i'm personally not happy with the 'stretch goals' thing. i backed the project after the tips and stand had been announced and they were part of the value for me. i'll free up a december slot for someone. i think what people can get from this is that there will not be any stretch goals at all as we know them.
@mark - theoretically we think an ultrasonic jewelry cleaner would work well, although we haven't tried it. could be a nifty solution. also take a look at our faq on cleaning and maintaining the 3doodler. we generally pick the pieces off or rub it down. in short we've designed it to be very easy to clean. if you try the ultrasonic jewelry cleaner out let us know how it does.
oh, wow. that is extremely disappointing. in general, stretch goals have an accepted meaning to provide additional value to those that have ordered. never have i heard it interpreted as what you want to spend the companies new found extra founds on. major bummer.
@kim - fine tune ability has been a frequent request from parts of the 3doodler community and we've certainly taken note. v.1. will be going out with the twin settings we propose, not least because there are tuned for the abs and pla melting ranges and we want to minimize the risk of blockages and mis-melts in the early 3doodlers that head out to you. we certainly plan on testing more and more materials, which will inevitably require a larger variety of temperatures, but we don't want to delay production of the abs/pla version.
hi all, we want to clear up any confusion that arose from our referring to the holder and tips as “stretch goals,” as we certainly don't want you to think that we are anything other than incredibly grateful for your support and eager to get a 3doodler into your hands as quickly as possible. we thought that our update "to stretch or not to stretch" made it clear that the stretch was us fast tracking the r&d and production for these add-ons if people showed an interest in them, not that we would be able to provide them to our backers as a part of the original backing levels -- which is something we just aren't able to do if we want to deliver what we've promised. our number one goal is to get all our backers their 3doodlers on time, and we don't want to overreach and take on extra risks, either schedule or financial risks, that would ultimately end up hurting the project and our backers. we truly apologize if anyone was confused by our message or intentions when we wrote "to stretch or not to stretch". and sorry for any ambiguity in our update or if we misunderstood the definition of “stretch goals.” to avoid the possibility of any more confusion going forward, we will stop referring to to the holder and tips as “stretch goals” from now on.
dennis you are right on the money !! every ks project that i have backed has had stretch goals. some made it, some did not. ww is waaaaaaay over their goal. good for them. i really like the idea of a coupon for tips / stand in the future, like andrew suggested. now, show us some love, huh?
i agree with dennis
i think the 3doodler team needs to respond to the interpretation that the "stretch goal" pen and holder are not going to be provided to backers as part of the ks reward.  this is not according my understanding from earlier updates.  the general message i heard from the teams "stretch goal" comments was "trust us, we will be providing you with what we planned for the stretch goals, but now we are going to let you vote on which you want to have most."  if that is not the case, then it needs to be clearly communicated.
mark: just put the tip in an ultrasonic jewelry cleaner maybe? can be had at some places for 20 bucks. works great for lots of things. can't see why it wouldn't work.
so as far as stretch goals and things to spend your money wisely arise. you backed an animation most don't care about and bought a song we don't care about as well and announced you'll be selling the tips and stand instead of including it. why not include a card with a code in each box of doodler to claim your tips and stand at a later date? wouldn't delay shipping the original pen shipments and give you time to perfect the tips or stand. my 10 dollar soldering iron comes with a stand....
just to make sure people are aware,  the extra tips and the stand are not being included in the kickstarter but instead will be available for sale after launch.  check out the comments on the latest upset for first hand confirmation of this.
haven't read it yet, but looks like make has an interview up today with the 3doodler creators: http://blog.makezine.com/2013/02/28/interview-with-3doodler-co-creator-max-bogue/
@mark - any residual abs can be picked off of the tip very easily. but acetone is absolutely fine and we have used that method too. however, it's obviously not for everyone due to the hazardous nature of acetone, and it should never used inside/in a non ventilated room. in short follow general guidelines for using paint thinners, and do have a read of our cleaning faq.
i don't know how you are controlling the two temps, but it seems you might want to add a fine tune ability, as i believe it would help with the various tips you plan on. also, this may allow the use of some other materials like ploypro, my favorite as i do a lot of work with living hinges. can not wait to get one in my hands!
awesome project. will it be possible to do custom colors?
@ian krasser thank you for your response to my question on the power supply
would it damage the tips to drop them in acetone as a solvent to get rid of the hardened abs still adhering to them? i have a plan for a tip cleaning bath if it won't cause problems.
very exciting product, very exciting kickstarter.  glad to be a part of it. having said that, i'd like to throw my 2cent comment in with those who hope that with greater scale that a us manufacturing site would eventually be planned.  seems to me if your goal was 30k to produce in china that 2 million should open new doors...just saying... either way, i wish you nothing but good luck on this endeavour.  seems like that $99 pricepoint for a "kit" with some materials is a pretty attractive offer...with a retail up there hopefully there'll be enough margin to cover steep discounts to school purchases.
some links i found for 3doodling inspiration. tom dixon’s ‘fresh fat’  (it also shows how they are made using realy simple tooling). http://books.google.com/books… scroll to the bottom for this page for ‘extruded chair’ http://www.chairblog.eu/category/chair-designer/tom-dixon/ only use led or cf (low temp light sources) if you have a go at something similar, could use a salad bowl as a simple tool? http://www.designaddict.com/design_index/index.cfm/fuseaction/showjumbo/picture_id/1861/ hope they’re of interest ? (neuter that cat to soften its temperament)
#faq: european buyers: will the 3doodler will have the ce marking http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ce_marking ? in europe products of certain groups need this marking otherwhise it won't pass the european customs.
lucky you, andrew!
checked the page at just the right time and i was able to switch from a january to december delivery!  nice!
what a fantastic idea.  so sorry i came late to the party and will have to wait longer for my doodler.  this will be a perfect addition to any reprap or replicator, great for small repairs / tweaks  / additions.  please add more units to the early runs!!!  either way, congratulations, i'm so very excited to get creative with my doodler ;-).  can't even to begin to imagine the possibilities; what an utterly fantastic idea!
hey joseph - have you seen our youtube video on welding plastics? www.youtube.com/watch… we'll be adding more soon.
can we see a video in real time of a 3doodle instead of a fast forward one? just to get an idea of the drawing speed.  many thanks.  carlos
blew me away as soon as i saw it. this is something that could be incorporated into classrooms across the full spectrum of education. amazing idea. brilliant that its going to be a product.
the glow in the dark plastic "ink" sounds awesome-- i'd love to have that as one of the colors in my bag!
have you considered creating a 3doodler account on thingiverse.com? thingiverse would be a great platform to upload designs a 3doodler "sketches". thingiverse is already a well-developed community as oppose to creating a new community on 3doodler.com. backers (like myself) with thingiverse accounts could also now develop and upload their own "sketches" on thingiverse before we receive our pens.
1" = 25.4mm (actually, that depends on which inch you use. a norwegian inch - not really used any more - was 26.3mm. you needed big hands to properly swing a battleaxe... ) 1' = 12" = 304.5mm 1yard = 3' = 36" = 0.9144 meters. 1meter = somewhere in the ballpark of 3.3'...  (who really cares? ) 1km = 1000 meters = 100.000cm = 1000.000mm = 1000.000.000um 1litre = 100 x 100 x 100mm cube. and if filled with water, just so happens to weigh 1kg. 1lbs = 454grams. or something in that area...  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pound_(mass) ) how many liters 1gallon equals? aaaargh! ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallon ) just trying to understand how fractional inches is written can give the average human a migraine... 1/64 is understandable. 3/64 is also understandable. but why the f! use 1/32 inbetween? if a scale uses fractions, why not use the same divisor all the way? (yes, i understand that 1/2 looks silly written as 32/64, but some of us likes consistency) please don't ask me about miles...
hey guys, can you relieve pressure on my brain and give the measurements in inches... if it is more than 25.5 mm,  you should use inches.... thanks... i never paid attention during the metric lessons in class.
david, all filament pla or abs will work. the cool thing with the lay wood is you get different colors with the different temps. abs for dark brown and pla setting for lighter brown.
i just found this product called laywood, which is a 3d printable wood, which seems really cool, and i was wondering if the 3doodler would work with that, because that would make it 10 times cooler than it already is!
@will - well mentioned! drew is seriously talented and we're excited to see what he produces. you would you loved the conversation we had with him just after we backed him. wish we'd recorded it.
is there any possibility of adding a more accurate speed and temperature control as a stretch goal? i think it would be a good addition :-)
very excited about the possibility of glow in the dark plastic! really hoping it makes it into the mixed bags
to everyone who is loving the idea of conductive abs, check out the latest addition to our faq: http://kck.st/13lcvzd. we think you're going to like it!
maybe i should have included a link: http://kck.st/12yzgez
hey, i wanted to mention drew christie's kickstarter to make the first animation using the 3doodler, a project i've backed (and wobbleworks has also backed!) he's announced a stretch goal to make a longer, more involved animation than was originally planned. i wasn't necessarily convinced by his kickstarter video, but when i checked out his work--both personal projects and work he's done for others like the ny times, i got excited about what could happen. if you like animation, i'd say it's worth checking out.
@ryotaro because of kickstarter rules since last september, only 1 item can be offered as a reward.  you either need to ask a friend, or spouse to create another kickstarter account and get one.  some creators allow you to "add money" to get extras, but it's frowned upon.  i do believe there is a faq at the bottom that answers your question.
i want to have 2 pens, but i cannot select antoher one, what should i do?
i just wanted to say that this looks amazing! with 3d printers still prohibitively expensive (for me, at least), this is as close as i'll get, and maybe even cooler. can't wait for this to ship.
@ asif power is through a wall socket. (per faq: "power/international: will i be able to use the 3doodler outside of the usa? international backers: we also worry about the little things, including what plugs and adaptors we use! we will be using a universal power supply, so provided you have the correct adapter for your country, 3doodler will work just fine on 110v or 240v." based on other commentators responses, it seems that running that kind of power draw through a computer usb port could cause damage to the motherboard.
what is the power source? is it a us plug?
@erik, @sharon, we just checked too and you're both still there!
lol sharon i'm doing the same thing! i keep checking my order to make sure it's still in!
i have to keep looking back to make sure i didn't dream about this awesome pen. time seems to fly but it's going to do a slow crawl waiting for mine to arrive.
that 10^4 ohm rating is also calculated based on the 3mm filament diameter. when you doodle, the diameter of the output is likely thinner than that (unless you go back and forth a few times), so the resistance will be even higher. after just a few centimeters, you will have trouble lighting even a simple led from a 9volt battery due to the voltage drop. now, the filament could be used to make some interesting sensors for sure. i imagine it would work great to doodle out a makeymakey keyboard.
more information about conductive filament: http://www.plosone.org/article/info:doi/10.1371/journal.pone.0049365#s4 and http://rainbot3dprinting.wordpress.com/2013/01/23/conductive-filament/ with 104 ohm per cm you would have to factor in the resistance when designing a circuit
@davdi ting - nice find! i wonder how conductive it is? if you could embed leds into a doodle - that would be neat :-) obviously you'd have to be careful about having separate conductive tracks within the 3doodle, but hey it might work.
wow, this thing is figuratively selling quick!
@david ting thanks, thats exactly what i've been looking for :)
conductive abs?  wow, will make it easy to make 3doodler antennas! hopefully it will work, if it will i'm even more tickled than i was.
this may have already been mentioned but i have found out that you can get conductive abs plastic (eg. http://www.3dprintergear.com.au/conductive_black_filament_3mm_abs_p/conblack3abs.htm). i am wondering if that would work with 3doodler. if so, this just ratcheted up another level of awesome!
@alexander barton: have a look at the faq's: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen#plashowdoyouknowwhicplasiwantwithmypenandwhercanigetmoreplas http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen#plashowmuchdoigetinabaghowmuchwilladdibagscostonceyousellthemonyoursite
say i wanted to buy extra plastic for my 3doodler, what type would i get, and where would i buy it?
@wobbleworks, thanks for the video. listing what types of plastics can be joined would be good. the video showed a square groove weld in a butt joint situation. tee joints are extremely common so i'm also wondering if v, double v, and flare would be possible to do well? normally a v welded part is chamfered at a 45 degree angle (which is easy for a 3d printer), but would it be possible at a 30 degree angle so less weld is required? here is a link showing many different types of welds and joints i'm referring to: http://deltaschooloftrades.com/basic_joints.htm
#faq plastic: can you list which type of plastic you used for those awesome artworks in your videos (the ostrich, the eiffel tower etc.) and the latest one where you welded some plastics?  thanks a lot!
really hope there will be a retractable glider (or parallel tip) which i can use physical ruler to guide 3doodler in the air, or on paper
@redteam - here you go: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@chris russo: there was an 'add to cart' button yesterday and the 3doodler was listed as being available for 'pre-order for december 2013' for $80. i tried to see if i could check out and entered a shipping address, where a shipping cost was then calculated and then added to my total. i checked the link again just now and it looks like the fancy updated the page to link to kickstarter with the "buy it" link.
i can't be the only one who keeps checking back a few times a day hoping one of those $50 early bird september slots opens up? my october spot isn't bad, but september would be even better! :)
@redteam - maybe a teeny bit longer, just adding some music.
jesus christ, did not expect such a turnout on specialized high-tech glue guns. i'll be getting mine in october. just to rub it in to ya'all who are backing just now and won't get it until next year.
just becausebitsvon fancy doesn't mean it's for sale people! determining if an item is for sale through fancy fancy’s sales team works hard to present our users with sales on every product. however, not every item is currently for sale. please be aware that only items with a green “add to cart” button are being sold through our sales platform. any item that necessitates leaving fancy and navigating to a third party site in order to purchase the product is not part of fancy’s sales platform. for further clarification, please email our customer service team.
@redteam - coming up in 15mins! we'll post the youtube link soon.
please post some videos showing joining parts/plastic welding capabilities. that is what i am most interested in as well as additional tips for it.
@pclabtech  it's not an ad it's an example of a handmade plastic extruded product in production and selling, i'm surprised you are blind to the connection between this product and what the 3doodler is on a smaller scale! i posted this as an interesting link not as an ad as tom dixon does not need this kind of punitive exposure but i also posted this in response to the previous post below...... readygo 3 days ago how is this not a 'hot glue gun'? here is something for 5 years ago:  http://www.dailyartmuse.com/2008/01/10/turams-glue-gun-chandelier/ i don't get this product at all, but i am very curious to see what all these people do with it!! good luck.
@marc you know cross linking advertisements that have nothing to do with the discussion of this kickstarter is against the rules and should be moderated by the staff.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
even though this is a clear and blatant representation of your trademarked and patent pending device, i have found that china based manufacturing companies have a (suspected) tendency to watch kickstarter for new ideas, and / or help kickstarter creators with moldings, parts, etc. then reproduce them faster and sell them on their own.  it's not proven, but it's amazing how fast the "me too" and "we're cheaper" products come out even before the kickstarter gets done delivering pledges.
glad wobbleworks cleared it all up! i just reported the 3doodler product page on the fancy, you guys should do the same. seems like some people are taking advantage of this awesome concept and might be trying to scam others.
hi guys, when i saw the video, i couldn't believe my eyes... i just had to back it! totally waiting with anticipation - this is really exciting! thank you for coming up with this project. ave (singapore)
@wobbleworks, that's awful! glad it came up then, especially if it manages to stop someone profiting of all your hard work!
wilhelm & alice - we want to be clear, wobbleworks is not selling the 3doodler anywhere but right here for pre-order on kickstarter. we are looking into what is going on, but it looks like any other site are either a) fake or b) people who have backed the project on kickstarter who are selling off their pens =(. thanks for bringing this to our attention.
hi guys, i never before joined in to a crowd funding project, i wasn't even signed up to kickstarter. but the way you promoted the project reps. the storyline of your video convinced me on the spot. this video should be be part of a curriculum for everyone starting entrepreneurship. from germany with anticipation andreas
looking at it from a different angle i can see a concern with this, mainly the 'offering products outside ks'. now i've seen it done before with no problem, but every time i've seen it, it's been specified as paypal specific for people who can't use amazon/cc for whatever reason. looking at the fancy website, it doesn't have anything like this and offers an earlier shipping date than currently available on the ks. this potentially offers a problem for ks itself, because what's to stop a lot of the current new year backers going to the fancy website? nothing, and that means that ks would lose a lot of money. this won't affect this campaign (and i know it's very unlikely a lot of people will switch), but it may start ks worrying about people buying outside ks. ultimately it could lead to them even going so far as to ban concurrent sales outside ks which would cause huge issues for anyone who can't use amazon. i know it may seem unrealistic, but it is a possibility. tl:dr, the delivery dates on the fancy shop need to match the dates on the ks, and it really ought to be highlighted as 'for people who can't use amazon on our current ks' to prevent possible problems.
@wilhelm, sounds like you should bail out... someone will be glad to have your spot! you're not including the 10% kickstarter and amazon fees, the taxes that wobbleworks will have to pay (15-25% and many small businesses go under after a successful kickstarter because they forget to budget the taxes!), the funds they will have to set aside to cover their promised 1-year warranty, websites which will groan under the traffic of 20,000+ users, all that plastic they have to buy (and cut! mamma mia!), packaging 2 or 10 different colors up for every backer (it sounds like they're going to let us choose... so far, that means handling about 100,000 1' bundles of plastic one at a time), shipping materials, shipping costs, making good on the ones that will get lost in the mail, never mind all the physical work that has to be done to fulfill 20,000 orders. i've helped fulfill a reasonably complex kickstarter project that had about 1000 backers, and it was a labor of love that took weeks of several people being careful and persistent... this is already much bigger and they've got another month to go. there's a cancel your pledge link on the manage your pledge page... it sounds like maybe you want the rumored-for-2014 $40 3doodler 2.0 instead of being on the leading edge with this exciting new technology. i backed on a whim after a friend backed it (thanks, darius!) and now i am so thrilled that i have an october ship date for $99. :-)
hey wilhelm, your post embodies the very definition of joykill. "all of these pens seem like a beast to me" ...? really? because i'm more awestruck by the fact that this has never been done before and is already much nicer looking than the prototype. you do realize this is a new thing, right? these haven't been around for ages (yet), and they weren't really sure what the demand was going to be like before they kickstarted the project. community guidlines: "if you don't like a project, don't back it. no need to be a jerk." there's a cancel button right after you click on manage your pledge if you have buyer's remorse.
3doodler is also sold on the fancy. it seems they get delivered earlier, but i'm not sure. is this considered "undermining the system"? they are taking the fancy profit out of the stretch goal sum and you can buy multiple pieces on the fancy. also now i can't say "look how great i am i kickstarted this project" because every idiot can buy it on a regular commercial site. i also hate that there are no stretch goals. think about it:  wobbleworks might have calculated that the breakeven point of the 3doodler is at 30k $ tops. we know that at the break even point, their margin is as high as their fixed cost. let's assume that their margin is 50% of their revenue. (both estimates seem plausible if not modest to me. you might argue that their margin is lower, but that would also mean that their fixed cost is equally lower.  and the break even point has to be there or else they risked making losses!) let's also assume that their fixed cost comes mainly from research and development which means that their total research & development costs are 15k$. (in the future and from the past) with our 50% margin assumption we know they have a profit of 875k$  15k r&d vs. an unexpected 875k profit without investing more in r&d and improving the product, you can judge that yourselves.  i think the tips for free are a minimum and i dont even like them. how about you get the device smaller/more ergonomic/lighter/quicker or  improve the design a bit? all of these pens seem like a beast to me. (same calc for a charitable 5%margin: 1500$ r&d vs. 87500$ profit is still as extreme assuming that additional r&d is proportionally cheaper) i know additional r&d might consequently raise the variable cost (e. g. the tips) but i really think they do have a high margin which i think they should share with us now.  (everything assumes that nobody buyed from the fancy and the margin for all products are the same and nobody donated and everybody buyed something and they didnt get external funding) you can also argue that they must have invested way more than 15k because they have developed it for years, but thats just another way of saying "30k is not their breakeven point". if they developed it for years and the break-even point ist at 30k it means they either depreciated their r&d "investment" already, or they develop really cheap, which has other implications. worst cognitive dissonance ever, why did i even fund this? thx for taking your time to read.
my wife took her time deciding if she wants this, which pushed the date from october to january. i should probably have just pledged on the first day and then removed the pledge if she didn't want it (i just knew it was up her alley), but you know what they say about hindsight. i hope that the large sum of money will allow wobbleworks to manufacture larger batches and condense the schedule.
i am sure i was born with no artistic cells, being a math person. but as soon as i saw this pen, i have to back it. this is just so brilliant. perhaps this may trigger a genetic mutation in me and i start to germinate some artistic cells. i guess i'll most probably use this pen to build structures and models.
things seem to have finally slowed down to a manageable pace.  whew!  only running at a rate of several times the pledge goal today.  now i know what they mean by a project going viral!  it would have been real scary if it did not let up soon.  absolutely an amazing project funding success story.  i think this will be one for the history books.  good job wobbleworks!
i'm very excited to help fund this project. it looks amazing and i've got tons of ideas sprouting of what i can do with this!
@jakob the earlier ship date rewards were added first and they added each later month as the last one sold out. they already have a factory picked out and know how much they can scale up production, so they're making realistic promises about shipping dates instead of letting 20-50k people sign up for october and have them all get mad when only 5000 actually ship in october.
@jakob:  logistics.  if you said "everyone can get theirs in october" they would be delivering and making 30,000 to 50,000 in october.  the factory that makes these and people to test to make sure they work, the packaging and shipping for that many units would be enormous.  so most kickstarter creators push out the delivery date.
why does some ship in october and some in january?
günter, i think the reddit and theregister mentions probably counts for more, but...  the more the merrier.  (i really want people to disprove my 'prediction' that it won't reach $3m.) there's the de spiegel, la times, slahgear, technologyreview, techcrunch, newscientist, and probably a dozen other major newssites mentioning the 3doodler now.
guys, you were just mentioned on a facebook page: "i fucking love science". they have 3,5m viewer. http://www.facebook.com/ifeakinglovescience i guess.. the creator of the project, should get aware he will have freaking much to do the next days lol. you better should already start with thinking about extra strechgoals after the scretchgoals you thought of :p
i know one of the great points of your technology is the cooling system, but would it be possible it introduce the option of turning it off, as for using the device for repairing abs, would it not be more effective with a hotter bead? (i work designing and producing parts in abs on commercial rp machines, and see the use as a repair/assembly tool)
awesome! you inspire others though none got a 3doodler yet. actually yesterday i realised that i get mine in october - wait 8 months before i can do all the things i'm thinking about. oh my god so long period of waiting - i think i go crazy... well that will be 8 long months but i think i take a day off or two when i know  my 3doodler is arriving. of course i backed the 3 dood 3doodler animation as well!  i hope that some at my university where i studied will do something nice with it too... if the 3doodler had been available a few years earlier i would have used it in our lipdub video. we would had a very nice eiffel tower model ;) and i guess a lot more things made with the 3doodler http://tinyurl.com/b3lnskh
we just backed this! 3 dood 3doodler animation by drew christie — kickstarter http://kck.st/12yzgez via @kickstarter - get behind this guy and help his #3doodler #dreamsdocometrue
brilliant idea. i wish i could be an actual investor. this could turn out to be the hit gift for the 2014 holiday season, especially if you can achieve economies of scale and get the srp under $40. congrats on a successful kickstarter campaign.
such an amazing idea for architecture students, and everyone in between.
how well do the 3doodles stick to paper? could one possibly add permanent or near-permanent 3d details onto paper illustrations?
tbh, i think that it would bode well for them to look out for a second vendor/supplier if they really want to look at realistically reaching anywhere near $10million. and for all those who think high and mighty of pebble for touching that landmark figure, yes, its a super awesome product, (i'm waiting for mine to arrive any time now) but you also have to remember that was the time when ks allowed multiple quantity pledges. trust me when i say this, but i really believe that if they opened that back up, even with the existing pool of backers, you'd definitely see the figure jump past $2-2.2mil easy. a much better comparison would be the number of backers, they had 69k roughly...and as long as these guys can ramp up production quantities, thats an easy goal to achieve. (<4 times the number of backers in more than 7.5 times the days)
i think all the suggestions on how to improve the product are nice, but i have helped find projects before that adapted the design according to the numerous suggestions and the some of the other funders complained endlessly about said changes. i would suggest any new developments or changes be placed on the back burner until the original design is released. adding new r&d will add new complications and slow down the production of the product. i love you idea, way to simplify 3d printing for the masses. i am happy to wait for add ons after i have a chance to use the device and you have more time to focus on new innovations. thanks, and congrats on your very popular idea!
@gadgetman! why would they stop accepting backers? per-unit shipping and handling costs go down with more units, so their profit goes up the more people order, especially when people already know they are committing to later shipments so no one can reasonably complain about the shipping process taking months.
for anyone waiting for a message reply we're getting back into them as we speak. we'll be in touch soon.
gadgetman, not really if you fund stuff on kickstarter there are projects that i have backed that i have to wait almost a year to get some just get abandoned which is very rare. kickstarter is an investment platform mostly with a perk of getting something from that investment.
the pebble pulled in $10.266.844, a total of 10266% of the goal. 3doodler is trending towards $13million, ccording to kiktraq, but i think that's a bit optimistic. a lot of people will see how long it is until they can get their goods and shy away. (it was bad enough with october shipment, but paying fr something in march, then having to wait until december to get it?)  others will realize that it is already funded and just wait until it's available for normal ordering. will they hit $2million? definitely. 3? maybe... but they're now committing themselves to manufacturing an shipping an awful large pile of 3doodles. at some point they will just have to stop accepting backers.
so as crazy as this is... if you look at projections: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen/ but thats with not running out of stock lol
best of luck! :d
wow, wondering if this is going to challenge the pebble watch which is the most funded ever in kickstarter...
wow, its gotten over 300k since if i first saw it yesterday, even considering the fact that the rate at which people will buy stuff will slow down i still wouldn't be surprised if this gets over 5 mil.  does anyone know ow many other pledges made it over 5 mil, only 2 or 3 right.  and thanks ian
hey so wow you've reached 1.5mill...  and you've almost sold out wow...   but you have 30 days to go lol so ummm now what?...  good luck guys and gals of 3doodler
even though the 3doodler is only in prototype form at the moment, it would be nice to see some more detailed real-time videos of the pen itself and of it being used. for those of us that are getting 2 or more bags of plastic, i hope we are able to choose 1 bag of abs and 1 bag of pla.
keenan, from the faq ;-) (links didn't copy over, but if you check this question, you'll see them "plastic: how much do i get in a bag? how much will additional bags cost once you sell them on your site? we will be shipping bags containing 10 one foot strips of abs or pla. each one foot strip actually produces approximately 11 feet of doodling! we expect to price similar bags at around $5.99 on our website after the kickstarter ends. but we can't say this enough: this is no ink cartridge model! we'll keep on selling bags of strips because they will make it easy for 3doodler users to switch colours and create different styles, but 3doodler-compatible plastic is also available in 1kg spools from between $30 to $55 from a variety of sources... such as here, here, here, here, and here. if you do go all in for a spool, remember that you must cut off pieces to insert into the 3doodler. last updated: thursday feb 21, 9:43pm est"
you can use plastic besides the plastic provided in this package for the pen right, also if you can, where would you find it and how is it described because i wanted the 99$ deal for december but only got the 75$ one and i dont want to go to january
with all of the ideas flowing in it seems like there could be a small market for 3doodler warranty voiding accessories and mods :)
sabine - we would have to label each and every piece and if you got them mixed up and used the wrong temperature setting it would cause havoc. we will have a site and leads available where you can get bags or spools.
#3doodleholder ok let's get really crazy with an idea, if it's doable i will be surprised: make a angled diagonal cut ribbon tip with a motor that spins the head so you can make curly ribbon (like what you do with ribbon and scissors) the faster you move up, the longer the ribbon, the slower you move, more like a drinking straw.
joerg i agree. funnily enough i just returned here to write exactly this when i saw your comment. there should be more speed control possibility than just "fast" and "normal" (or "slow").
full temperature control would be really great. but i think even more important would be full (or at least some more) control over the speed. especially with different diameters of tips i think it would even be necessary to have more speed options. with a tip that extrudes 1.2 mm the speed of feeding the plastic has to be much higher than with a 0.1 mm tip. so i tag this also with #3doodlerholder
i think that as a new stretch goal it would be very nice if you could give users full temperature control.
we've backed it, who hasn't? now read our interview with those amazing guys over at 3doodler. http://www.prsnlz.me/articles/exclusive-interview-with-3doodlers-co-founder-max-bogue/
i agree with christopher fox, i would put it like this it's nice to see how engaged you are, replying to your backers. but i want my doodle pen so back to work you slackers ;-); but seriously, don't burn yourselves out interacting with us. it seems that there are already a few volunteer moderators helping to inform people. maybe you could separate the general comments from the suggestions and good ideas with a hashtag scheme? i.e  #suggestion hashtags in comments take care of yourselves, you have got a lot of people relying on you.
#faq plastic: abs vs. pla thanks for the short summary of the different types of plastic. well, i don't have a 3d printer yet and haven't worked with any of those types of plastic so far. so actually i'm not sure which i shoud use because i think i might use both types due to my ideas i have in mind.  is it possible that you can mix the color bags with both types so i can try out which type is the best for my purpose (to know which to purchase in the future)?
the 3doodler team is turning in for the night. we are still so inspired by and grateful for your support and enthusiasm for 3doodler! we hope the updated faq answers most of your questions, but we look forward to seeing your suggestions in the morning (remember to use #faq in your reply). goodnight from all of us on the 3doodler team
seriously one of the coolest things i've ever see on kickstarter!  i can't wait to get mine in december, already looking at prices for spools of 3mm plastic, haha.
any comments on the updated faq? anything crucial missing? if so reply using #faq and we'll get onto it.
michael - we have a bunch of ideas, ranging from the very practical accessory add ons through to the quite quirky reach for the stars style. we'd love to hear your thought at some stage. but as we mention in our stretch of not to stretch update we truly want to execute, deliver and delight. everything has to fit that! by all means message us and we'll get chatting. al - thanks for the high praise!
nice work guys! product looks really cool and at an affordable price
what a wonderful product!!! i'm a student and an aspiring entrepreneur, i'll get o much use out of this! i constantly have ideas, notebooks full of schematics and drawings. now i can bring scale models to life without the high costs of 3d printing. thanks so much for your innovation! just out of pure curiosity are you going to make any type of add ons in the future? there's so much potential here and you've far exceeded your funding goal. i have some wonderful ideas for combinations of already existing technologies. let me know if you'd like to here more. you may have already thought of the things i have in mind.
love the product, but seriously hope these aren't going to be the kind of shipping updates.
also i was going to get the november one last night but my mom was already asleep so i was like damn all of them are going to be gone by the morning. so just before i was about to go to school i decided to refresh the page. feels good. adding to my last comment.
i woke up this morning and there was one slot open for the october $75 one and november. so i quickly snagged the october one.. so lucky :d this product is gonna be fun :d
inbox = no scroll-bar nirvana has been obtained again. we are really looking forward to getting back to all of the unanswered messaged tomorrow onwards. new system in place and we are very happy bunnies again. @sam - that would be amazing. if you have the time could you also provide is a precis of what's been said the last 24hrs while we have been reworking the faq!? i joke. on a serious note we are thrilled by the collaboration and immense level of activity in this comment section. it's truly fab, and we've been keeping an eye on it while deluged. @arthur - did you manage to nab that reopened slot? see you all again tomorrow. daniel
@arthur, there is a slot open in the november delivery, check it out
sorry) just made a mistake in it, all is ok) should wake up before leaving comments)))
hi everyone! just explain, why somebody, who pay later, will get his device earlier? i'm quite sad about this policy. it looks not so good from your side.
@wobbleworks, thanks for the faq, do you want some of us in a different time zone to cover this comments section (community support) while you guys get some sleep this weekend? i am sure a bunch of us from downunder would be happy to help out
i just ordered one, but will probably forget i did by december. i guess santa is real this year.
hi everyone, after a day of long and hard work our new faq is up. we have tried to designate key words and make it more navigableit's pretty comprehensive, but if anything is not covered please do drop us any questions you have my message and if it makes sense to do so we'll add them in.
@peter, to put in a second pledge, you will have to create a second kickstarter account.
you guys are awesome!  i thought stompy's fundraising was crazy.  our son, spark, is a member of artisan's asylum and we have hung out there a few times.  what a creative and fun place.  now that you have exceeded your goal by such a huge factor, how about trying to find someone in the us to manufacture your early runs?  how cool would it be to have something high tech conceived and made in the usa. you would be heroes!
how do i buy 2? i want to bring this to my corporate headquarters to see how we can use it with our machines.
http://whatsnext.blogs.cnn.com/2013/02/21/a-3-d-pen-that-lets-you-draw-objects-in-the-air/… you guys made cnn! nice!
nevermind, just saw dustin's comment
my guess is that you wouldn't want him using it anywhere near a carpet and always set up a area with lots of paper underneath him so it doesn't stick to something somewhere, but besides that i think it would probably be good
@ahmed from the faq: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen#isdoodsafeisdoodsafeforchil
i can't wait to get mine! i am very excited for this idea. it is so simplistic yet brilliant.
i plan on letting my kid, who will be 6 by the time this ships, have some fun with this. do any exposed parts get very hot (aside from the extruder), or is there any other reason why i wouldn't want a kindergartener to use a 3doodler?
if you guys want precision, go buy a 3d printer. what you make from the 3doodler is supposed to be organic.
is this type of plastic safe for prolonged skin contact?
can we get a star and moon tips.
linda -- a survey will be sent as they get closer to shipping for that kind of thing.
this is so coool! it's like my dream come true to bring doodles to life :) i can't wait to get it!!! (question - where do i provide my shipping address? sorry if this is answer blatantly obvious somewhere!)
@ amanda weis this is from the faq that is posted can i put two pieces of 1.8mm plastic together into the 3doodler side by side? no. 3doodler only works with 3mm plastic. plastics cannot (and should not) be combined. last updated: tuesday feb 19, 1:36am est
okay, while shopping for filament, i've come across a lot that is smaller than 3mm. will those work as well, or should we all strictly stick to the 3mm rule?
very cool.  i'm interested to see how creations get combined with other materials. different disciplines will have fun with this in very different ways. a pinterest sort of gallery may be fun to follow. hopefully the intended recipient will let  me play with it..
come on, people can't take a joke. that's not a dog. you printed it with the 3doodler. lol
as a 3d modeler i can think of a million uses for this tool as i have a passion to create in 3d outside of the computer, but my only worry is precision, or just having a steady hand to make a straight line...that might the biggest drawback of this for creating certain kinds of art.  the 'ruler' idea would be one way to address this...trying to come up with something better using simple engineering like perhaps a piviotable holding arm on rails?  not sure as i haven't put alot of thought into it yet, but the shaky line aspect is a definite drawback on this.  i'm still excited about it tho. :)
@readygo, this is not a hot glue gun.  hot glue takes a long time to cool, so you can't work in 3d.  it is also more like a wax than a structural plastic like abs.  a hot glue gun will also be hard to control the feed rate of the material.  it is like saying that a crayon is the same thing as a mechanical pencil.
this is the most exciting 3d printing pen and i just backed it.  i wish i could get one today rather than waiting until december.  the possibilities are limitless and i cannot wait!
anyone who does not want any email updates has the opt out link on the emails.  your are in control, not anyone else.
this looks supremely nifty. the ultimate cool factor would be if you could feed sugar into it and make candy sculptures. i've seen 3d printing done with sugar, so it's got to be possible.... of course you may have to make a special "candy" edition, if it would need different specs, but i would buy that one even before buying this!
how is this not a 'hot glue gun'? here is something for 5 years ago: http://www.dailyartmuse.com/2008/01/10/turams-glue-gun-chandelier/ i don't get this product at all, but i am very curious to see what all these people do with it!! good luck.
hey, the nytimes just published an article on how 3d printers are the wave of the future and the next big thing and everyone (read: that can afford them) will have them in their kitchens.  (kitchens?)  recognizing that this isn't precisely a printer, i still sent them a link to you.  for reference, here's their article: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/21/garden/the-3-d-printer-may-be-the-home-appliance-of-the-future.html… thanks for the updates -- for staying in touch with the backing community, letting us know what's going on on your end, including your new family member, and responding to our queries.
i like reading the email updates. it shows that you as a company are involved and connected with your backers. i would be more bugged if you didn't email us updates from time to time.
this seems like it's going to be awesome and i know my little brother will absolutely love this as a christmas present.  i just wished that i could have had a slighlty cheaper option than 75$ because thats double than what i usually pay for him, but i think this is worth it.
i'm so happy to see wooble works doing so well.  this is so exciting! :)
absolutely amazing product! a couple of wishes:   - the holder - could it have a lid? from the sketch it looks like an open air stand. i would hate the different tips to get dusty if i don't use them.  closed symmetrical box would also make storage easier as you could put it away between different boxes in storage area.  or it could be a  hard cover pouch-like thing with a sealer, eg. zip (some earphones come in these). - 10 different colour bags of plastic - one of them glow in the dark? or maybe the one that is like wood? both? can't wait to get my hands on it!
i can't believe how upset people are for receiving an email about a dog. no one held a gun to your head and forced you to read it; don't act so put out over some text. plenty of people are excited about the project and are happy to hear from the team. if you don't, i would suggest turning off email notifications from kickstarter.
you guys are yet another reason i love boston. best move ever <3
i thought the update was cute and it shows how the 3doodler doesn't have to be used for just 3d objects but any little craft project too. i quite enjoyed it :d @kanin howell: i would take a look at your notification settings in your kickstarter profile - you can tell it to stop sending you emails from there :)
don't listen to the haters.  keep the updates coming, of any kind, i thought that's what kickstarter was all about, keeping the backers involved with the development of the project. i hope there is some sweet stretch goals in the works  :)
so i see international shipping, but can't find what voltage this runs on.  is it 110v only or will it do 110/220v?
i have already backed your excellent project... please stop emailing me multiple updates. thx
i want the dog pictures!
as a backer, thanks for the updates and i don't mind the pictures of your dog :)  i'm glad to see this project has done so well and i look forward to trying this out. i really like the idea of a 3d ruler idea someone came up with earlier, or at least some sort of ridge in the tips that could ride against a metal template (sort of like some wood router bits have a bearing to ride a template because most people have a hard time routing a perfect circle or tracing a pattern), then all you need to worry about is a consistent speed.
@james (and all other suggesters) this was posted on the robo 3d site by figjer an interesting read.  something to think about when suggesting things for the 3doodler: http://www.wired.com/design/2013/02/3-d-printing-patents/ for example, james suggestion of a filament coil holder.  can't be done, it is patented already.
the 3d ruler idea is an interesting one.  perhaps made out of a material that is heat resistant and non-stick, so that it could be used to extrude a line onto directly and support the line in the air without any sag.
please send only  important updates about product or my order to my email. i was not looking for new friends when i pledged to this project. i thought it an interesting product.
dudes you got 1.2 milliondollar !!!!  money is not important but ....
hey, wobbleworks, please don't feel the need to spend your time responding to every comment, nor posting photos of your dog. as a backer, i'd much rather you spend your time developing the product and getting it shipped and into my hands. lots of good suggestions, like extruder tips, to take advantage of, but get to work please. look at how much work the pebble watch guys ran into. save your energy for that. once a month, one paragraph update is fine for me. one man's opinion.
james loudon had some great ideas. the 3d ruler especially is something i've been trying to work out in my head, and i have mentioned the cut-off function in a message as well. the re-heater as well is something that i'd be happy with as another function.
there are so many great comments and ideas, i wish you the best of luck going through all of them even while being overwhelmed by success of the product itself. as for extras, i agree that more tips would be the best place for extra work.  i'd love to extrude little i-beams.  also the ability to have a clean cutoff would be nice.  either way, i'm really looking forward to getting this into my hands for a little constructive playtime.
also, i'm hoping we touch $1.2m fast...anxious for this project to reach...what...10% of its final estimated goal ;-)
i like a lot of james loudon's ideas!! good stuff..esp those related to mobility and portability. but as realistic further stretch goals, i think the following would be the best (most useful and simple): the stencil book and guide auto off type feature i love the idea of a 3d ruler. you should really work on that!!! cuz you know...normal ruler for normal drawings...but these just aren't normal anymore are they ;) =)
idea 1, filament coil holder, combined with 3doodler holder where nibs can be replaced while hot. idea 2, a localised re-heater ability on the pen where solidified plastic can be 'corrected' or removed. idea 3, possible battery pack for more mobile use. (may be too bulky, but i don't know what the power usage is) idea 4, a stencil and step by step guide book, where you can try out models and refine your 3doodleling hand idea 5, improve the plastic cut off at the end of each stroke by rapidly reversing the feeding motor, (see reprap for details) idea 6, have an injection moulding setting where we can inject our own small moulds using the pen. (might be too much for the motor, but it's an idea) idea 7, a rapid heat dock to reduce the warm up time. idea 8, chocolate filament compatibility for making awesome treats! idea 9, auto off incase the device is left alone for too long, good safety idea, you don't want it starting any fires idea 10, if battery's are a nono, a cable holder to keep the trailing wires out the way. idea 11, an awesome carry pouch so it can be transported easily, would be good if the gun could go in while still cooling) idea 12, a 3d ruler (or guide) with protractor for getting straight lines at precise angles. idea 13, a wiping tray for cleaning the nozzle mid doodle. idea 14, a vibrating nozzle head to give cool spinning lines :) ok, got to go, will try and jot down a few more suggestions later. ps. #3doodlerholder vote so far.
#3doodlerholder love the multiple tips as well.  but the holder just seems like another waste of plastic and space.  i would rather have that plastic in filament form so i can use it in my 3doodler :)  i think we are all creative enough to come up with our own holder. i vote for more tips and scrap the abs holder in place of more filament or something else :) i also hope you are working on a thorough list of faqs and some more detailed videos. thanks.
i like the idea of multiple tip types (various diameter, cross-section etc) and a stand for holding the pen. also however either including within the pen or offering an accessory mount to enable the pen to be mounted  onto a tripod, xyz stage etc would be useful.
forget about tip holder as these can be any which we have it home ...and instead give us more creativity by using 2 or 3 wheeled colored exchange tips on the pen which could change color while still runs hot and with the push of a button, this would give the ultimate creation in one pen for all our creations.... who would not want to make it different color on the go?! one small improvement  as been mentioned by different people something like a standard screw for tripod is great for making steady and use in diferent settings but power and information concetion by a usb port or similar which i could control the feeding buttons and other things like temperature etc ....would be really something wonderful and most appreciated since with this we could control accurately and tweak it as own pleasure,, attach to a cnc machine for example, use a small robot do draw, or why not make it on an robot arm and draw in the air and form or shape we want... this is just a scratch of great usages..
i'd love to see some video footage demonstrating the stability of some "drawn" objects. could you do this?
congrats on such a successful project.  i am so glad that i backed as soon as i saw the video and got in on the october release.  i would really like to see multiple tips including square (2 sizes?), rectangle (1:2 perhaps), triangle and of course larger circles.  the desk holder seems interesting but i would prefer a travel case/holder instead if i had to choose.  i also really like the idea of a standard threaded screw mount on the top of the handle (or some other secure method)  for future mounting options.
wohoo my first backed project!
i remember long ago, there was a thing called turtle graphics.  a computer controlled turtle robot would drive around a big sheet of paper and draw with a pen.  it was used to teach children about programming.  could you imagine a turtle bot running around on the paper with a 3doodler? ;-)
can't wait i hope december means before christmas, daughter will be amazed !!!
yes, absolutely do the holder and tips. #3doodlerholder
and also, #3doodlerholder
please add a glow in the dark bag! also, great product, and good luck with the kickstarter!
#3doodlerholder = yes please!!!
question on international for backer.  i backed the $75 pledge & it says  (add $10 to ship outside the us) the the us making my total pledged would be - $85.00
no! weedwacker lines are mostly nylon with glass fibre or other 'reinforcements' not only will it clog your pen, but that stuff is poisonous! here's a good page to read up on: http://reprap.org/wiki/category:thermoplastic
could the plastic filament as used in weed whackers / string trimmers be used as f'ood' for this tool.
i was thinking in looking at your latest update about tips....it would be really amazing if, even through the use of an adapter, one could use any standard icing tip. i could see that being very useful.  it seems to me that a lot of techniques that one uses in decorating cakes, such as making icing flowers, would be well suited to this medium as well.
this is crazy! it is like spreading some unicorn love crazy :d..all the best  i wish you guys do overcome all the  vloume of manufacture, testing and shipping.  make eveything happen and again not be beaten with some patent stuff.then you need to write a book for this craze and how!
great project!! i hope everything will be managed successfully while i look forward november 2013 to receive it!!! good luck for next hard-but-expected-funny months!
@dean barrett . yes it might be will be a late 2014 wait though . unless they get a second factory :p  . going to be a big job testing 50000+ 3doodles .
excellent project - looking forward to my october delivery :) currently trending towards $12,000,000 - could we be part of the biggest kickstarter project ever.... http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen/
i really hope the vultures (lawyers, patent-trolls and so on) cannot get to you and destroy this wonderful thing. keeping my fingers crossed (and all other crossable body parts). :)
google is now looking for some tester for their google glasses in the usa. how about you apply for it and if you get it you can make some "how to" videos of the prototypes with the view of how it would look like for a user actually doodling....
hope this doesn't sound greedy.  my sister and father are both artistic.  if i make a second pledge, would i be able to get a 2nd one so i can give one to each?
just backed it and can't wait! +1 for changeable tips.
italiani appassionati di stampa 3d, fate come noi: finanziate il progetto e comunicatelo nel vostro blog e su facebook come abbiamo fatto noi qui: http://blog.maketank.it/it/2013/02/3doodler-prima-penna-stampa-3d/ e qui www.facebook.com/maketank - questa penna è una figata! we love this project and not only we funded it but also invited all the italian 3d passionate to finance it. through our blog: http://blog.maketank.it/it/2013/02/3doodler-prima-penna-stampa-3d/ and our www.facebook.com/maketank page. do the same!
i already backed this project yesterday and can't wait to receive my pen :) regarding improvements, i hope it will be possibile to make the lower end of the pen a bit thinner. atm it's pretty big though the tip is a lot smaller, but if you could really see just the tip, drawing would be a lot easier, i guess.
@paul, kickstarter rules for creators wont allow multiple sales of an item, and are particularly strict on this with electrical and electronics goods. also im guessing with the volume this project is going to produce, the creators are likely going to want to keep it 1 per customer anyway. but the main thing is that ks wont let you sell 2 or more of one item.
if you guys end up releasing larger/smaller tips and stuff for it, that would be so cool! this item is genius for doing intense details as a prop maker.
nice $1mil in 3 days! nice work 3doodler team!
i would like to get a second one is there a way to do it?
1,000,000$$ do i hear double your rewards?
there was mention some place that the psu will be a 'universal' 110/220v model, and that all you might need is an adapter for the physical connectors. (a travel adaptor such as can be bought at airports)
@craig dunn - thanks for the explanation! it does make sense, when you explain it like that.  and you guessed right, i am indeed new to kickstarter (well, as a backer, i have browsed a bit before). this project was just too awesome to not participate ^^
@simeon hill - just like most electronics, i think it'll work with most currents, you just need an adaptor. for example, the phone charger beside me claims to work with 140-240v, it just needs the right adaptors, i suppose this is also the case with 3doodler.
im from down under and the first thing im going to make is a 3d doodle . more importantly i have a question about the mains power .  there is 110v and 240v ac options or is in a converter to dc . what kind of plugs will be on the end of the leads. im happy to use an adapter .
@j.e.m. wijnands - the choice of payment options is not mandated by the project team - it is purely a function of what kickstarter uses.  currently, amazon payments is the only system that can handle the all-or-nothing pay-in-the-future approach.  your card is not charged until the campaign successfully concludes (meaning they met or surpassed the original goal by the campaign end date).... this campaign ends on sunday march 24th, 2013 at 11pm cdt.  your card will be charged at that point.  not sooner.  not later.  so, a june 2013 expiration will not be a problem.  the footer at the bottom of most kickstarter pages contains many helpful links for those new to kickstarter.... including links like "kickstarter basics" and faq's like:  http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer%20questions#backaproj  - this last one addresses your specific issues regarding payment handling.  paypal cannot be used because they instantly deduct the funds from your payment source.  this is not acceptable for projects that fail to meet their funding goal or are canceled by either kickstarter or the project creators prior to the end of the campaign.  so, this approach they are using actually protects you by not prematurely charging and holding on to your money.
i just back you guys as well !! it's something mega amazing! we (polish) have a very old cartoon about "magic pencil" where a young boy had a magic pencil which does exactly what you do and that was my dream for whole my life to get one from then till my adults days.. and you show up with this outstanding pen! i love you! can't wait to get my own model! speaking about models i'm a diy guy and modeler with experience (2nd and few 3rd places in polish national model shows) and i just can't wait to put my hands on this wonderful magic tool and make my models looks alot more realistic! congrats about your $1.000.000 !!! :))))) i'm with you with all my heart !! here is a link to this old polish cartoon called zaczarowany olowek and it has no words so everyone can watch it and understand it :)) its just song based toon from my early time :)  http://www.youtube.com/watch… particularly on this part boy start using his magic pencil in 3:40 but worth to look on it like 3:30 or even whole movie :) they are very short like up to 10min each :) have a look what in past was dreaming of every single polish boy and it becoming a true "today"
i'm kinda disappointed that the only payment option is with a creditcard. why not paypal too? a side of that though, when will the money be written off? because i'm using a pre-paid credit card that expires in june. i'd hate to have the payment be declined.
@adam, the education on australian slang made me chuckle, but once you tied it to "marketing down under," i was rolling.  thank you for that, it'd been a long day and i thoroughly enjoyed your comment. @wobbleworks, the excitement around your project is tangible, i'm thoroughly enjoying watching the pledge amount ever steadily increase and can't wait to share your product with my crafty family.  thanks
just putting this out there- i am a recent backer, and i shared this fact on facebook.  an australian friend found this very funny, as in australian slang, a "doodle" is a penis.  just a heads up, in case you are marketing down under...
and boom, just clicked over the $1 million mark. nice job guys :)
$1000000, wow.
thanks again all! the 3doodler team needs to get its beauty sleep, but we will be back responding to your questions and comments tomorrow. we are just bowled over by your support and enthusiasm for 3doodler! goodnight from the whole 3doodler team.
i'm looking forward to receiving mine in october :d i was just wondering, will this type of pla filament work with the 3doodler? http://www.germanreprap.com.au/products/wood-impregnated-pla-filament-3mm-250g the url basically gives the game away - it has wood impregnated into the filament, and can be sanded etc after being used,
wow! yesterday, i decided to finally back a kickstarter project because i truly think this is one of the coolest things i have seen on here and i believe in it. i look forward to creating neat things with my family! today, i was reading articles about how you guys are killing it! i noted in one of the articles that you are over at the artisan's asylum! small world. i now see you mention it on your page. i guess i missed that yesterday. aaron falk used to work with us in cambridge. :-)
i love the idea and was one of the first to back this project. the additional tips are a great idea. i would also be interested in seeing an aluminium model. the cost would be a little higher for manufacturing but the tool would be far more durable and i would be willing to pay for it.
#3doodleholder different size tips & holder would be great. +1 to rachel for screwmount. as for glow in the dark plastic, i intend to buy a spool of it for myself. but i would like some that would fluoresce under blacklight, and it'd be nice to get that assorted because i wouldn't need a spool of each color.
#
the different nozzles are a great extra.  +1 to glow-in-the-dark plastic (steffanie's comment earlier). +1 to some mechanical feature that allows secure mounting of the 3doodler in a 3d-printer frame (rachel's comment)
another thing that i could imagine (for a stretchgoal/deluxe version) is to have a multistrand version, that either has 3 seperate channels running through it (allowing for simultaneous strands being printed for colour effects or extra sturdyness) , or a merge area where, depending on choice a strand is switched internally to the central heater.
would it be possible to add a screwmount (like you see at the underside of many cameras) to the pen? this way the 3ddoodler could be mounted into a 3dprinting assembly, for making more precise shapes. also i'd like to experiment with mounting the doodler on different machines/objects, like seeing what happens if i'd mount it on moving objects like small wheeled camera dollys or flatbed scanners.
#3doodlerholder - if you are going to have a holder, why not design it to change the tips over while hot.  put two 'dents' into the cone for a spanner to engage with (like when you change peddles on a road bike) but then mount a piece of metal with a square hole the size that the spanner would be into the tip holes in the holder.  to change the tip while hot simply insert it into an empty hole and twist left to remove. twist right to screw on a new tip that is in another hole.
i just can't believe i am one of the first 100 backers of this superb project. #3doodlerholder is a great idea to have multiple nozzles even if we don't have a holder.
i was showing this to some friends and we got all excited and started a little bull session. we ended up with some nontraditional use cases to share:   1.replacing a tape measure for carpentry or construction.  draw out a line of the needed length, take the resulting piece back to the workbench to make the cut. 2.replacing a chalk line in sensitive areas.  our office has a dust free server room, and the electricians use masking tape to mark out paths. 3.draw out the dimensions of something, like a picture frame on the wall so you can visualize it before you mount it. (could maybe use a straightedge) also, add sensors in the pen, like smartphones have now, so that as you draw something in space, the coordinates are recorded and can be loaded into 3d modeling software/cad. lastly, and this is kinda far out, but i imagine you could mount the pen onto like a robot arm, or a xyz axis frame, so that you can computer control the pens movements.  then if i had a 3d rendering on the computer, the rig could draw the object.  then, layer the sensor pen idea, and if i created something by hand, the resulting file could be used to duplicate it.  imagine a designer creating a sculpture, and in real time the rig was tracing the same movements in another country? (telepresence) btw, i first heard about this on the register, so big shout out to them: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/02/19/3doodler_3d_pen/
pclabtech, thanks from us too. still hammering away at the q&a!
well thank you pclabtech, for being on top of things! there you go, waste not want not. :3
here comes $1 million i told you this was gonna be as big as pebble....
@steffanie yeakle  thanks for your comment. creating glowing things is a great idea indeed. i googled for some and found 3mm glow in the dark plastic is available. i.e. here: http://www.lulzbot.com/…
first project i've actually backed on kickstarter. congratulations for being over 30 times up on your goal as i write this and climbing.. love the extra tips in the #3doodlerholder! i really want to start testing this out and see how strong and how flexible the threads of different thicknesses are!
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/rocknail/filabot-plastic-filament-maker
there are devices (one i think was on kickstarter) that allows you to melt excess waste plastic and make it back into a filament. i was having a laugh, imagining a giant etch-a-sketch you mount the pen to with a writing surface, and two knob or lever controllers to turn it into a plastic verson of an etch-a-sketch.
@charlotte simon: i'm sure you could recycle the plastic... if you had a way to form it back into a spool of filament. that's the trick... and you'd undoubtedly need a specialized machine to do such a thing. that's the only problem.
i'd be rather keen to have glow in the dark plastic too please !
i would definitely like to have additional tips. i don't mind paying few dollars more for them if needed.  holder is also great convenience, but not on top of my wishlist. i would rather love to see more varieties of tips, especially the ones which can extrude thicker, something like rectangle. with rectangle shaped extrude, it will be easier to build neat structures which might also be strong. i am a roboticist.  now i am thinking of all possibilities of building quick robot prototype or add things to existing robots by quickly 'drawing' the required part. this will be much faster and intuitive than designing cad model and 3d printing the part. i  am just waiting to get my hands on this disruptive gadget!  great job guys! you have created history. and i look forward to see more creative products from you.
congratulations! but is it possible to recycle the used plastic? probably not all drawings are meant to stay forever.
i am super psyched to back this and i can't wait to get my 3doodler! i don't think i've ever wanted a november to come so fast! x3 and it seems a lot of other people are excited as hell too, almost 900k as i type this! :o as far as suggestions, i think maybe having a few other tips might be useful. like a cross shape or a square tip, or perhaps a dual-extrusion tip. if any of those things are possible, that is!
hello wobbleworks, this is a brilliant concept, bringing 3d doodling to the masses - because there is no software to have to worry about, plus it is an entirely different style for freeform 3d modeling.  just because it looks easy doesn't mean a ton of work didn't go into it, and we appreciate that as developers.  can't wait to try it, and glad we could support - armanicreations llc
how about a tip-changing tool that would allow tips to be changed safely while hot?  something more like an insulated socket-wrench rather than a simple flat wrench.  alternatively, a tip clamp that doesn't require a wrench might allow tips to be placed in a holder on the base to be snapped on or ejected from the handpiece while hot.  #3doodlerholder
nevermind! the 3mm filament is there too... just listed on another page.
i just noticed that the link you've provided to http://www.protoparadigm.com/products/3d-printer-filament-1/… only sells 1.75mm filament. perhaps you should remove that link?
your initial concept for a holder plus additional tips looks spot-on! #3doodlerholder
amazing idea, and amazing success! with all the spare money, what if you implemented a sorta-kinda 3d tracker, so that you automatically get the cad model after 3doodling?
hello max and pete!! i'm beyond excited for this thing to reach my door in november...gonna be hard to wait. i wish i had the 10g to give you because i would love to be one of the people to beta test this product. i sew geometric patterns into paper and can't wait to make them 3d!! please let me know if you're still looking for someone to test the product for a bit!! http://aleciageno.com/section/198427_threads.html
great job! almost 10,000 backers and over $850,000 raised as i type!! i'm very excited to get my pen in november. i've noticed there are several experimental types of variant pla other than glow-in-the-dark; for instance, a wood-based pla and a rubberized pla. these come in a variety of gauges that look incompatible with the 3doodler's single gauge setting. are there plans to increase the filament size in future models of 3doodlers, add larger gauges to the existing pen, etc.?
marcol: unfortunately it's forbidden under kickstarter rules since september 2012 to offer multiple quantities (except if you only offer a define set and only a set) if it's in the hardware category so you'll likely have to wait until they have another way to buy/pledge if you want multiple. the alternative is to have multiple accounts and don't tell kickstarter ;-) as for the filament, you can get this all over the place for 3d printers so i wouldn't worry too much about it.
i love it! now where is the 1'' nozzle version, so i can doodle myself some new chairs? this will be a great tool for quick visualisations of ideas!
any chance the area that is held can become a tad thinner for easier holding for smaller hands ?  curious on how much of the design will change with final shipping version.  i am sure either way it will work fine and we will just have to get use to holding it differently. ;-) thanks again.
so who is going to make a 3 axis control rig made out of lego that can hold this and turn it into a full 3d printer?  :)
hey guys, i've just backed your amazing project.  i'm really exited.  i'm a designer based in germany, and if you need help in any way.  don't hesitate to contact me ;-) greetings ricardo
you guys better add another pledge level soon, or there is not going to be any way you can get more pledges.... they are all gonna be sold out!
hii, i´m from brazil and i can´t wait for it!!! i´m very happy with it. probably i´ll be the first person in my university with this pen. i´m really excited
it's over 9,000!!! backers, that is ;)
... and there goes $800,000 :)
hi, just wondering if there will be some possibility to open the pen in case the plastic gets messed up in it somehow?
regarding the kid safe question i had... would it be possible to add a clear cone around the end, or even some type cage so its more difficult to touch but its removable. just looking for a simple an idea, but this may affect the use. i'm sure its more complicated then this, but wanted to toss it out there anyway.
if we create a square and want to fill it in, how easy would it be fill? i don't know if this is a good idea, but could it be possible to turn down the cooling part so that the plastic emerges a little hotter? this way you could use molding tools on it or use it as a sort of glue, possibly for 3d printed parts. i understand this would raise the health risk since the plastic would be hotter and could possibly burn.
how is it possible to buy more than one 3doodler pen? how is it possible to buy more bags of plastic?
i wonder how long until someone with a 3d printer just "prints"  an adapter so this baby can use 1.75mm filament...
additional tips as a stretch bonus is my biggest wish more than a holder, both would be wonderful, of course ;) #3doodlerholder
i assume it would be possible to take a 3doodle and make a mold and cast it? or would you need a different type of plastic?
how about an adaptor so you could put it in a modified craft  robo cutter.
i love the #3doodlerholder concept! the only other thing i'd ask is for more levels to get multiple 3doodlers - definitely want to give a few out as gifts. (my family is all engineers, kickstarter is my holiday shopping of choice.) thanks! chris
just got this for myself! can't wait! thanks
chris ross: hiya,  i'd honestly say that the "not safe for children" is probably a little on the overcautious side. whilst i'd not hand a soldering iron or a live mains wire to my wee lad i'm pretty calm about handing him this device. he's solidly got the idea that some things are hot, so you're careful with them and other things are burny hot so you leave them alone entirely... he's not yet three. that said i'd not be comfortable leaving him alone with it. more because i'd come back to layers of plastic over things i would rather stayed pristine. like the cat... if the child in question knows not to poke themselves with the sharp end of a pencil, why would they be unsafe with the 3doodler ? caveat! i am a) not a doctor b) not a lawyer, nor do i play one on tv c) not affiliated with wobbleworks, d) speaking _entirely_ on my own behalf. your mileage many vary. your children may vary. void in some states.
so very excited about this pen!  really great job, and am super thrilled to see that it has gotten such a  positive reply. as for the holder, this would be a great addition too, and the design for it is a great start. for the holder itself, it might be cool to have a removable liner that could be pulled out and cleaned so any drippings from the pen don't get stuck down in the bottom.  maybe something non-sick like silicon, that would stand up to heated plastic? curious about the pen tips (since i 've not used one yet) how do they get cleaned out?  does the plastic cool down after use, that any residue is easily removed?  maybe the pen tip portion of the holder might also benefit from a removable liner for each might help keep us neat-freaks from getting any materials stuck too. again, i'm really excited about this, and i'm counting the days till november when i can get my hands on this tool.
suggestion, slightly outre: when designing the final circuitry, easily accessable solder pads to allow breakout access to the drive buttons. a clip/clamp to allow the 3doodler to be firmly bolted into a frame. why ? well, the immediate idea that comes to me is a simple hardware object surface copier, 3d pantograph with a stylus on one end and a 3doodler on the other, draw over the surface of my object and get a wire copy. needs a little bit of expansion but should be doable.
#3doodlerholder looks good, great idea for the stretch.
chris ross - we are working on it. but it's a far more complicated endeavour for a lot of reasons. we're leading out with this, but we do have our sights on that demographic.
stretch there is no question about it...  and by the way the tips and holder would great but do know what would be really awesome for all the backers here that are adding a whopping 750.000 and counting would like the regular pens the possibility of having multiples colors... lets say a rotator 3 tips incorporated on the tip of the 3doodler with the 3 color plastics since it will handle on stands of plastic i think is quite feasible and that my friends would add color to our lives indeed and a smile for the great success backers are believing and putting in... any more ideas guys?!
disappointed that the stretch goal doesn't involve a mashed-potato extruder so perhaps you can answer my next query: could i use the 3doodler on my wife's bottom to make a perfect 3d image or would it scald her nether regions?
ok. i just read the email about the holder and tips. i'm all for both! go for it. i'll pay for it to go with my doodler.... can't wait to have it. #3doodlerholder
3d printing has already revolutionized architectural modeling, but this could (will) transform architectural sketching at the schematic design stage. especially at this price point.
#3doodlerholder heck yeah. what an awesome project, and i'm so excited for you guys...anything that can contribute to being (and staying) organized; keeping all the pieces together...would be awesome.
on attachments:  i could see someone wanting to hold it in a simple 1:2 pantograph that would let them trace out the stencil bigger with more hand eye coordination than they could handle normally.
this project made me join kickstarter:) thanks and waiting anxiously!
simply amazing.
#3doodlerholder  - add my vote for the holder and pins for your stretch goal. both would be a great addition.
#3doodlerholder hi this looks like a very good idea, and i can wait to get my hands on one. idea for the holder, rather than a wrench use a socket with a non-heat conductive handle, i suggest this as if you need to switch between nozzles you don’t want to touch a potentially hot part, hopefully making it safer.
i'm just a little confused about the new stretch goals ^^ will these extra goodies being created (holder and tips) be included with our 3doodler pledge or something we buy separately? also, for the holder, can a spot for the small wrench be added? i know i'd lose it! so happy i was able to get the colortastic pledge last night for the october release! i cant wait to start playing with it all :d and i'll add my vote to the glow in the dark plastic being added to the bag choices!
this looks great! congrats on the rapid pledges! saw 1k increase as i watched your video, wishing you the best of luck.
the holder and the extra tips sounds ideal!  definitely would want the set!
i keep watching the pledge amount go up with vivid awe. i'm so psyched to be an asylum member and see the ridiculously cool people and things that come out of it. :d
i would suggest keeping expansions or "attachabilty" in mind in the design. for example, it could be attached to automated scanning parts to get better control like the big 3d printers. i'm sure this is just a minor mod in the handle, which is nicely curved at the moment.
i was really disappointed to find this wasn't safe for children. i was originally buying this for my kids as a creative toy and really i think this would be your biggest market. i'm still backing the project, but a kid safe version would be in every schools art and engineering class. is it possible to make a kid safe one?
thank you for the quick clarification, and congratulations on the massive kickstarter success. :-)
hi arun - the patent has primarily to do with the cooling process. i know it seems simple to say this, but we've created a very novel way of ensuring that the plastic hardens almost immediately on extrusion, allowing users to 3doodle at pace. the other point to note is that our patent is an adaptation of a pre-existing patent (an "add on" patent). we are trying to protect the ip in relation to the parts of this that are truly novel, not claim swathes of 3d printing technology as ours. that's just not our style.
woaow! its so amazing! it will be a revolution in architecture projects! congratulations and thank you for all architects in earth!
there are a number of concerns amongst the maker community about what it is that you are trying to patent given the extensive prior art behind the idea of converting the extruder into a pen. would you care to address these?
hope you guys have looked at kicktraq, http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen/ almost 8 million should offer some awesome stretch goals :d
pclabtech - yes you can! glue two pieces together that is. rueben - thank you! sabine - lol! terry - thanks for the heads up. max - yes, quite astounding pace, do let us know what colours you get. glow in the dark is trending for sure.
it's amazing! when the information was informed in the microblog in my  country , everyone was shocked by this amazing technology! now i can't wait to receive this amazing thing!!!!!!
so stoked for this!
just wrote about 3doodler on philanthrogeek! http://www.philanthrogeek.com/fund-this/fund-this-3doodler-3d-pen-on-kickstarter/
it comes to something when the number of backers outweighs the number of comments by 30 odd to one. saw this, thought about it for 30 seconds, saw the price to be get one of the units as a reward and considered it pretty much a no-brainer. so i've pledged for one and am now looking for the most entertaining filament colours available. it's an excellent adjunct to a 3d printer a fine toy for a wee lad with more imagination than time a useful tool for a chap who sometimes has to repair a light switch a crafting thingy for best beloved to do "things" with. and a device which i suspect is going to evolve into a bigger, faster stronger version 2 within nanoseconds. i'll buy one of them when it comes out too.
you guys were featured on nbc news yesterday... http://www.nbcnews.com/technology/futureoftech/doodle-air-3-d-printing-pen-1c8422852 also on newscientist (a uk science news site): http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn23183-3dprinting-pen-turns-doodles-into-sculptures.html awesome! fwiw: what will the $1 million stretch goal be  ;) get some sleep. buy some mountain dew and enjoy the ride  :)
definitely a very cool tool. i have a 3d printer(from another kickstarter project), but some things are more conveniently done by hand. can't wait till mine arrives. hope the november schedule holds.
pclabtech; take a closer look at the eiffel tower model.  it i built in sections, then stuck together.
the anticipation is killing me! i don't know how i will survive another 9 months of this! i've already watched the youtube video a dozen times today
you guys have gone viral!  timeline for me: reading geeky-gadgets, 3d printing pen, hmmmm (looking over at the wife shaking her head), go to site, watch the video, both me and the wife are just in awe.  just thinking about the possibilities of the use of this device was endless and creative. so i go out to kickstarter, darn, no more early bird specials, but only about 3,000 backers, i can still get the $75 pledge. (then the wife starts reminding me she wants to replace her computer monitor for her birthday) so lessons in life, there are comprimises. i wake up this morning and go to work, 7k backers and approaching three quarters of a million dollars... i arrive at work, and just about every nerd i know comes over and starts asking me if i saw this 3d pen.  i chuckle.  one worker heard it from denver news, another heard it from a tech site. google 3doodler now and there is a plethora of hits from reviewers from cnet to engadget and beyond. i think you have hit a nerve in the creativity center of a lot of people who each see this in a different way to use it. i wish the best and hope the instant success allows you to look to further expand / add features. i have 1 question: can you actually "glue" two plastic pieces together with the pen, or does the plastic cool too quickly to get a bond with other cooled strands?
what are the possibility arranging more of these limited edition 3d creations. working with other wire artists to build some creations, i would be happy to pledge again if i could get an artist creation? i am looking forward to creating my own art and 3d designs..   good luck with everything..  wish you guys all the best.. cheers.
$640k should be enough for anybody. ;-)
next stretch goal, please ?
how bout some stretch goals? yea?
this is fantastic, i have a 3d printer of my own, and i cant wait to get this to help supplement my work on it, repairs, sketching 3d ideas, the possibilities are endless!!
what an amazing innovative project! can't wait to get one, and the most beautiful part about the hole thing is that 3doodler is not going to be used only by artists or designers, it's an incredible tool to sketch ideas in 3d also for engineers. congrats guys!
a good idea but you should improve the quality of the objects built with the pen
how can we get extra plastic on top of the pledged package?
warning: to all backers - when you get your 3doodler, make sure you get plenty of extra plastic - because all your friends are gonna want to play with it :-) $600,000 and counting.
yay! i expect even a better pen design ;)
this is amazing and beautiful. thank you for making this available at a price point where it will be accessible for people of all backgrounds - i think this could be revolutionary for the maker industry as well as potentially provide tools for folks in developing areas one day.
quick answer: you don't. trying to pass too close to a 'nuclear transition event' while being powered by fissionable materials is dangerous. it sets off 'sympatethic reactions' in the core, and well... remember tunguska? that was from a machine that flew too close to the chernobyl event. the more recent 'meteorite' was probably part of the control systems that the investigators believe spun off from the main wreckage as the ship oscillated across the timestream. so, i'd advice using fusion reactors...
time machine: once we 3doodled the flux capacitor where do we get the plutonium to power the flux capacitor with the 1.21 gigawatt?
time machine... unfortunately, because of the 'temporal finance crisis of 2817' and the following 'ban on cross-temporal financial transaction of 2816' time machines can only be 'cash on delivery'.  (transport of lottery numbers, sports results and other trivia for the intent of gaining access to funds is banned by the 'cross-temporal and wireless fraud act of 2319'  transporting proecious metals, cash and similar back in time is blocked by the 'trans-temporal forgery act of 2954' ) and even travelling back in time may be illegal, depending on which year and location. (too many people wanting to kill hitler or mussolini, succeeding and bringing forth the thousand year reich, which depending on when the assassination happenes, will last for 93, 213 or 895 years. messing with time can be really bad... )
hi hagiler - not at this stage, but maybe down the line.
just wanted to say this is an amazing idea, even though it would be even more incredible if it was wireless. is there something like an external battery that can plug into it?
sabine. one word: "like".
i am so excited about 3doodler. i like doing handicrafts made of papier mâché or clay. for christmas i made a papier mâché replica of my boyfriends canon eos 650d and with papier mâché it is quite hard and time consuming doing all the little details (e.g. the water bubble or all the small buttons, symbols...). i think with 3doodler it will make those things much easier. or i think about how can i polish my clay jewelery with it. i've came up with so many ideas that i tremendously am looking foward to gettin my 3doodler and feel like a child who's waiting for christmas eve! thank you guys for this awesome project! 3doodler ftw!
hi genesis - yes it needs to be plugged in at all times. wireless may be an option in future versions. all - update on the time machine project. max & pete have undertaken to start r&d as soon as we have shipped you all your 3doodlers. we estimate delivery in 2075, or 1912 if we use it to go back first. what's a fair backing level?
this thing just looks too cool to resist! november is pretty far away still but at least that's something to look forward to for the end off the year, and congrats on goal smashing with a whole 32 days left to go!
hey, i'm really excited about getting my hands on this  :) one quick question, does it need to be plugged in all the time or has it got some kind of internal battery? because in a lot of the shots there is no cable to be seen.
arnaldo. yes, we're gonna do that! the first one will be revealed later today. we are having to revise the schedule a bit, otherwise we could be stretching daily at this rate!
so i know we passed a lot of strech goals already great job by the way its amazing. to be $550k in 1day. my question is can you post the stretch goals we met already and new ones that will make the product even better then it already is with more funding?
oh wow, i can't believe how excited i am about this!!! this is amazing guys! congrats on on the awesome idea :)
uber excited for this! :3 it's a wonderful creation~ can't wait to get one!
ronak patel - just saw your message. thank you! that's a lot of great words.
hi isa! thanks for your message. you should get your 3doodler by the stated date on the backing level, if not before!
hello! i did donate urs in kickstarter! i'm excited for draw with 3doodler..! many people (designer, architects in turkey) impatiently waiting for buy! when will i receive? :)
liselle - thank you so much for those kind comments. we too hope this unleashes a wave of 3d creativity the world over! tim - well said! we are so so humbled by the reaction, but yes, the time for the 3doodler has clearly come.
i do not believe i have ever been this excited about a kickstarter project. when i first happened upon it, i watched the video and read through the details, dreading to take a look at the price, for fear that i would not be able to afford it, now that i'd fallen in love. i was thrilled to find it very affordable indeed (price is comparable to what i paid for my dremmel). thank you so much for sharing his with the world! i think this pen may help birth a lot of creative potential currently stuck inside my head.
well done on the 1/2 million. this is a product who's time has come. i'm looking forward to september :-d
gadgetman - it is not wireless. we will ensure that more images with the cable appear soon. you do get a look at the cable in parts of the video and some photos. we'll obviously spec it out for max flexibility and reach within good design parameters.
that usb-based soldering iron draws 4 - 6w, (a usb2 port isn't required to deliver more than about 2.5w)  there's no mention of heating time, reheat(time between each solder point) or how large points it can handle.  i wouldn't be surprised if it was unable to handle a through-hole connection, and can only do surface mount.  i imagine that the pen requires rather a lot more power that that soldering iron... (of course, i wouldn't mind having that soldering iron in my toolbox. ) incidentally, the iron i use for surface mount jobs is 30w...
poor mainboards. just that it works, does not mean, that the pc likes it. too much usb power can reduce the live of a computer pretty much. nevertheless, it would be nice if the charging works via usb (maybe not the use, but the charge) and the typical adapter is mini-usb like so many other devices in the daily life. btw, i havent seen a cable in use on the 3doodler, is it wireless working and how long does one charge last?
yes, i too thought of, whether it is possible. then i found this soldering iron: http://www.thanko.jp/product/499.html/ 200 degrees (celsius = 392 of) if to connect to one usb-port and 350 oc (=662 of) degrees with two usb 2.0 connections.
lawgiver, lol. we're working on the time machine next. peter! great questions. we haven't tried upside down yet but as long as we "anchor" the plastic first to a surface it might be feasible. when the rest of the team is awake we'll have a go. re usb, it would be a question of whether we can get enough power. v.1.0 won't, but we'll keep things like this in mind.
please, answer and to my questions too =)
really excited about this !!! october feels very distant at the moment.... (someone give me a time machine or hibernation pod, now! :) )
kenneth pike - realised we didn't reply. sorry. "can you post more pictures/video with the power cable attached? i can imagine how a power cord that was too stiff or too short or badly placed could seriously impair the creative process." yes, we'll do this in the coming days, but rest assured it's neither too stiff nor too short.
tomas - we are asked this a lot, so i will be posting an faq in a few mins.
daniel - i'm afraid not. we'd also rather under-promise and over-deliver! but in short getting the first run ready will still take the time we estimated. scaling up falls after that and as you'll see, later units will ship at a slightly later date.
how resistent is the plastic? is it easy to break apart or can it me handled without the risk of breaking it?
seeing as the goal has been blown completely out of the water, is there a chance of bringing forward shipping dates as a result of the giant demand and massive influx of cash? either way, very much looking forward to getting my hands on mine! the xyz table would be a great addition.
rob - this is a very different technology to the one in dispute.
do you have any concerns regarding http://www.wired.com/design/2013/02/3-d-printing-patents/… ?
tomás, chris, srikeerthi, gaye, thank you!
wow! this thing exploded since yesterday! congrats guys!!
1,500% funded in 28 hours. $450,100 at 04:33 am est, february 20, 2013.
5000 backer! happy to be a part of this. now i wish to look at the stretch goals to see what the possibilities are :)
this is a most simple and beautiful idea. awed & respect ! :)
this is amazing! i'm doing my post-grad degree in fine arts and am working with 3d drawing. been working on 3d drawing in space using motion capture and looking at 3d printing to make the final drawings, being able to draw directly into space is pretty much ideal! different pragmatics to worry about as well as some pretty interesting conceptual implications for what drawing is and what can be done. if you're interested check out my early forays into 3d drawing here: http://rkarmel.com/category/3d-drawings/ done using some pretty simple motion capture of a single point in space. can't wait to get my hands on the 3doodler!
i am working with different 3d printers, so this is a great extension (also i linke it for the new creative way to use it for 3d drawing !) -- will quickly become one of the most popular projects here.
wow! this is incredible on so many levels. 1. the concept is just awesome. 2. everything is going to be gone by the end of day 2. so glad i decided to back it as soon as i saw it :-)
and it is possible to draw on a ceiling and to hold the handle head over heels?
whether it is possible to make that it worked not only from the socket(110 or 220), but also from two usb or usb 3.0? i think, it will be very convenient to some people if 3doodler will work from usb.
this project is simply amazing.  i am getting a robo 3d printer and i think this will be a complimentary item to add decoration to the 3d printed objects from the printer, as well as quicky 3d jobs that you don't have to fire up the big printer to do.  i think you will do very well with this kickstarter.
awesome! outstanding! amazing! astonishing! fabulous! stunning! stupendous! overwhelming! these are the kind of words you guys and your project deserve! i am totally knocked over at the rate you guys are getting backers. great innovation! keep up the good work! can't wait till october..
wow! congratulations! i've seen many kickstarter projects, but this is the first one i've thrown any sum of money behind! i showed my family this and we're all excited. can't wait until the estimated shipping date. quick question, though. can you update us with the pros and cons of abs and pls plastic? is there any difference in structure quality or such?
congrats on the wicked backing velocity there guys! just curious, are you guys planning to expand the number of backers once the remaining 1.2k is gone?
david - rest assured there is a stretch goal coming tomorrow. you are quite right that we passed the requisite level already. we simply didn't expect things to move quite as quickly as they did, but we're almost ready to unveil it! thanks for all your support so far.
i get the feeling that we are passing many many stretch goals before you even get to post them.  that makes me happy and sad. regarding jayson's question....  i think that is a matter of perspective.  there can be a $500 goal that is met in 20 minutes or a $100,000 goal met in 6 hours.  form 1 went real fast.  pebble was also quickish.  i don't know the real stats, but i think it would be more interesting to see who got to $250k or $500k the quickest. do we still get all the stretch goals now that we didn't know were set but already passed?  (yeah, that sentence made sense) 400+ projects under my belt and i am real excited about this one for fun and....tbd.
jayson - good question. does anyone out there know? let's get some fun stats going.
launched today over 1000% today xd what is the fastest kickstarter funded project?
have you considered that these will be all gone by sometime tomorrow.  so glad i backed early.
keith rome - thanks for the very handy info.  laura maketank - much appreciated!
ross - the pen can be used by lefties or righies at the moment and we plan to keep it that way.
you mentioned making the design more ergonomic - would these changes be ambidextrous or meant for right-handers?  i would keep my order in regardless, but it's something i hope you're keeping in mind.
che idea sensazionale! ho appena sostenuto il progetto come maketank e lo segnaleremo sul nostro blog www.maketank.it - complimenti! marvellous! we've just backed this great project as maketank and we'll write about it on our blog www.maketank.it - good luck!
@bharathwaj: there are ways of recycling your used plastic, such as the filabot project (i think they are behind schedule on delivery? not sure as i wasn't a backer for that one): http://kck.st/uyhfdj but i think there are other similar do-it-yourself systems that operate on the same principle. of course there is a trade-off in environmental impact. re-using plastic by extruding new filament uses energy, so it isn't entirely green. but it is also possible to reclaim plastic from other sources to at least keep it out of landfills (as long as you are careful about sorting and cleaning it properly first).
bharathwaj - pla is eco friendly. it is made of corn starch and is compatible with 3doodler.
thanks all! we're turning in for a few hours sleep and will be back responding to your questions and comments tomorrow. really inspired by your support and enthusiasm for 3doodler! from the whole 3doodler team.
shut up and take my money. no but really. backed it. this is a great idea.
@bn : read the description. the 3doodler can utilize pla  which is a biodegradable corn 'plastic'
unbelievable! 1000% funded in less than a day.  congratulations!
good luck max!   you are off to a great start. cheers. -j
looking at it on a eco-friendly note :), is there any other materials other than plastic for materials to print?
after today, you deserve a good meal, and perhaps a bottle of champagne.  congratulations on such an exciting first day!
team 3doodler is taking their first proper meal break in 28hrs. we'll be back shortly. please don't be dismayed if our response rates are a little slower than you have become accustomed to.
david - it definitely takes a steady hand, patience, and practice. and we are making the final pen shell even more streamlined and ergonomic to assist this. in short, detail is possible, especially when the flow is slow, but there are limits.
adrian - we're going to cross that bridge when we're a little closer to it, but we are able to extend the run, but at later dispatch dates. i.e. there is a definite advantage in backing now. ethan - we'll get that done. we have a cool update coming soon, so it won't be that one, but we'll reschedule around so that we can get you a realtime glimpse.
is it hard to work on smaller/more detailed works (accuracy/detail)? it seems like the shaft of the 3doodler is as large as an average dremel tool, which from my experience is extremely hard to use when working on something smaller than a couple inches.
could we see a video of somebody drawing in real time? all the current videos are sped up. already pledged and i'm very excited to receive the final product!
so what happens when all 5000 of your initial run sells out and you still have 3 weeks to go?  :)
chaumel - thank you! great to see we have an early community in france too. rob - "i mostly see it in my hands in october". hell yeah! and we'll do our best to make sure everything about this is excellent.
oh, and this is my first ks project! i look forward to it being an excellent experience!
i have been researching $1k 3d printers for awhile and will still be getting one, but i sliced off $75 from my budget to get this clever project backed (well, super-backed or whatever it is when you get this big this fast). i see it as a compliment to a full 3d printer. i appreciate the potential for mounting it on an xy table in the future (though i wonder about flow/feed control in that rig). i imagine using it for welding, repairs to prints and adding tiny freehand/organic details (in color even) that the printer can't do. i also see using it to do waxwork (ok, abs/pla-work) for small jewelry castings. i mostly see it in my hands in october. thanks!
i am wholeheartedly with you to design this object. thanks to you the boundary between the imaginary and the real concept becomes thinner. thumb up from france !
on monday i ordered some glow in the dark filament (1.75mm pla although they stock 3mm too) and it cost about 8% more then regular coloured and about the same as uv reactive. (that was on a per meter buy as i only wanted 20m to try out before committing to a full roll to potentially not use and waste). im not that fussed about 1.75mm or 3mm really thinking about it. my main supplier sells both (allthough not as many colours in stock for 3mm) and i can buy it per meter with a minimum order of 5m so buying a bunch of colours in 3mm in small amounts isn't a problem at all. the only cool reason for having 1.75mm would be to snip a bit off the drum on my printer to use for touching up prints and creating supports and such on the fly during a print. not a game changer at all.
"this will be literally the first 3d printer available to pretty much anyone for a tiny sum of money compared to what it can do and just generally." spot on. and in terms of how that manifests itself, well we're super excited. you should see some of the messaging conversations we have had today. inspiring, and the ideas have been brilliant - it's green pastures in terms of a whole new audience coming at 3d with their own unique creativity and ideas. and yes, you'd win he cnc bet.
thanks for the clarification! this truly is a remarkable product, i can't believe that 3d printers have been around for a good while now with about 1/3 being self or kit built and no one has come up with this!  i would never of even imagined 3d doodler but now its here and i have seen it and the jobs it can do i cant understand how no one thought about this (especially big names in 3d printing) sooner. im so glad you are outsourcing manufacturing and have everything set out and organised, hopefully the doodler will break the ks 3d printer curse and get to backers within the window (or close to it). this will be literally the first 3d printer available to pretty much anyone for a tiny sum of money compared to what it can do and just generally. $75 is not a lot of money at all! i bet people are already thinking of ideas to build a mini cnc frame, steppers and mount for the doodle for it to work as an actual 3 axis printer! wow just watched the total go from $248k to a quarter of a million dollars ($252k in the time it took to type this! great work again guys!
james - we have no estimate for when that will be right now, but do understand you holding back. we'll keep the community posted with our thoughts on this, and we obviously want to get you 3doodling as soon as possible, whether 3mmm or 1.75!
andrew, talanda, laird: we hear you loud and clear re glow in the dark! and andrew, good find, it is readily available. we're going to do our best to include this in the bags of mixed color plastic assuming costs align!
i would be up to waiting for a second batch to get a 1.75mm pen.  i wouldn't want to have 2 sets of filament laying around.
hi nial answering in all honesty: - we knew the item had huge potential. running a small invention company can be tough at times, but this one has really lit our fire and kept us passionate. we've been working hard to get it ready for kickstarter and in a sense we feel we walked into a perfect storm. the one thing we did not expect was the pure pace of update and coverage. - yes, our partner is very much geared up for this. we chose a partner with these issues in mind. we needed someone who could do small moqs but who would also be able to scale up as needed. we've all been around the block on numerous products, so that really helped with this. we've seen it go wrong for these very reasons and accounted for that. - as we've been saying in messages to a few people we would never take anything off the table if there was demand and a rationale for producing it. that applies to the 1.75mm version. but we are set on the 3mm version for this launch, for a whole host of reasons. once we move to the next stage that is certainly something we will be keeping an eye on and coming back to. and thank you for your support! we were joking earlier that this is a "disruption within a disruption", and sometimes people can get carried away with the jargon, but the response has been overwhelming and shown us that there really is a place for 3doodler and affordable 3d creation in the world. watch this space, there's a lot more to come.
wow! this is likely to top all current kickstarter records as it has so much appeal for so many! i can believe your at 1/4 million $ in under 24 hours! serious question tho... did you guys (honestly) expect to see this product being so popular? and are you/your manufacturing partner geared up to build and ship what is likely to be over 5000 units before your october date? love the product and great to see it doing so well! can't believe this is the first 3d printer (that works) in a pen the size of a dremmel and that uses the person for the x,y and z axis! and it uses existing filament! as most 3d printers (including my own) use 1.75mm abs/pla and that 1.75mm also tends to be available in a few more colours (well from my 2 suppliers anyway) would a 1.75mm version be off the table? it would mean so many 3d printer owners (again like myself) would be able to use existing supplies by just feeding a few feet off and cutting it down to 12" lengths, rather then have to buy 3mm. great job guys, really really fantastic idea and well done on truely bringing 3d printing to the masses who have as yet been unable to buy a full 3d printer for whatever reasons, this is a great compromise and a very attractive price!
mitchell - we couldn't agree more. my brother studied architecture and i am sure he would have adored this in his time. he also dabbled in tapestry, including weaving plastics at one stage. am sure 3doodler would have been a cool addition! daniel
as an architecture student, this will be perfect for quickly 'sketching out' concepts and designs in 3d, as well as some fun doodling!
hi laird - you'll have to forgive my brevity. on -15 hrs of sleep we're trying out best to contact everyone! 1. yes! there are two controls for the temperature, catering for abs and pla. that's all we cover for now, but we'll keep this under review. the 3doodler uses standard abs, but it also has a temperature range around each mark, so it is able to take all decent types. 2. to do 1.75mm we would have to change a pipe. we're open to the idea, it is coming up a lot, and we will keep an eye on it. however with an early run it would not be economical to break batches like this. as demand and quantities grow it should become more feasible.
a few questions: - is there a way to control temperature? different formulations of abs (e.g. black vs. natural vs. glow-in-the-dark) behave differently vs. temperature and it would be nice to be able to dial up or down to suit a particular material. and it'd be fun to play with pla, wood filament, nylon, etc., to see how they work in the pen, but they all have different temperature preferences. - is there any reasonable way for this to work with 1.75mm filament? i've got tons of the stuff (lots of 3d printing) and it would be nice to use the wide assortment that i already have rather than have to buy special filament for this pen. i can see why 3mm would make sense for people that don't have a 3d printer, since it's much shorter for the same volume of filament, but for those of us that do, 1.75mm seems to be increasingly popular. would it be as simple as making an adaptor to change the diameter of whatever grips the filament, or would it be an extruder swap as well?
gavin - good call! right now we're wondering what bed feels like (40hrs or so awake does that), but we're pleased you got your 3doodler early! shawn - we may well loosen quantities down the line. tbd. but rest assured our manufacturer is able to handle the amounts that such a trend would result in. we purposely picked a partner who could handle small quantities if this didn't fly, and large if, well, if it became the juggernaut it seems to be... one to watch!
so glad i pledged last night before i went to bed, i think this is the first project i've managed to get in on an 'early bird' pledge... amazing to see what has happend in just a few hours...
sadly those trends are incorrect - with limited quantities, this is capped at ~$470k... and don't quite think that the $1 bids would close the gap. :p the obvious is you guys increase the cap, but what can your manufacturer realistically handle in the provided time table? trending shows that you might hit 7 to maybe even 10 times your current quantity cap.
thanks joseph!
congrats!  i've wanted to be able to hand-hold the extruder on my 3d printer, but you guys clearly have done the homework of making a practical portable device!
now its trending up to 11842%.... zhan, get a pair of side-cutters or small scissors.  (getting an abrupt stop is difficult enough because of 'ooze'. getting it with no hair-thin threads is probably impossible)
zhan - funny you should ask. yes. when you are done drawing or you reach a point where you need to lift the 3doodler (and don't want plastic coming out), simply lift your finger up off the top button. note: please wait for a few seconds (the 3doodler "cuts" the plastic when the button is let go, so as to make removal easier).
lee - wowzers. good thing we're totally up for it! but wow. again: thank. you. all.
is it possible for the pen to make a clean cut of the plastic when you release the draw button?
$3,176,215 trending toward 10587% of goal http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen/ lol 200k in 22h
oh man never mind :d http://www.repraper.com/goods.php…
i'd also like to see a clear plastic to do a optic fiber design and illuminate it with an led
i read the faq and, really, should have realized this myself but glow in the dark 3mm filament is readily available so there's that sorted.  now i just have to deal with the wait til october part.  any thoughts on doing a demo day type thing at some point between then and now?
omg gadgetman!.... maybe  this is something wobbleworks can look into :d
there is now conductive abs plastic available in 3mm black. http://www.repraper.com/goods.php… unfortunately, it's too high resistance for any circuitry, though. (it can be used for shielding, anti-static and so on. ) it's a step on the way to printing electronics, though, so it may be well worth watching them.
so how much will a bag of plastic cost?  will the bag only be one color?  or a mix?
i'm gonna go ahead and second the request for glow-in-the-dark filament.  and i am beyond irked that i have to wait until october to play with this thing.
@lee newsum i see, guess a thin copper wire frame with doodles and led's will have to work :)
just to support the question on glow-in-the-dark plastic.. i pledged for the color-tastic and would love for at least one bag to glow.
@peter that wood not work as the abs is 3mm and it comes out at 0.4 mm "1 ft strand produces approximately 11 ft of 3doodling fun..." so that is 10x out. if peaple like to do is ned to add a feader at the pint of the abs geting hot. that wood ned a reworking of the pen. i think and yes i like it. well done on geting 2039 backers and 178k
when i first saw the 3doodler this morning it reminded me of : http://hackaday.com/2012/06/05/tearing-apart-a-hot-glue-gun-for-a-3d-printer/ and  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
gadgetman, i say i think we have a great idea here :d...
peter, you should get hold of some transparent plastics. i'd imagine that the thin threads made with the 3doodle would work somewhat like optic fibres...
a structure with led's held in place wired up ...  maybe even a plastic cartridge with a thin wire inside?.... (i know this might be complicated but low voltage kind of stuff) was thinking of placing some intricate designs on bottles
hey peter - a big yes. what's brewing? we can try some out with the pen and video them for everyone.
jon - thanks for such an articulate portrayal of 3doodler. we felt very much the same way when we first tested the earliest versions. a huge part of this project is seeing how people use 3doodler, and what creative sparks it gives rise to. and one of the reasons we are doing this on kickstarter is exactly because it lends itself to building such as early, sharing, community. you should see some of the emails that have gone back and forth with the etsy artists we are working with - the creativity is really flowing. and we're also flattered that shapeways posted about us - we had no idea, so thanks for letting us know!
i'm wondering if this would work like a plastic solder? --i have a few ideas brewing--
there's something undeniably surreal and magical about watching you build solid, tangible shapes in the air simply using a pen --- a sort of enchanting quality that's totally absent when watching a 3d printer build something. backed immediately after watching the vid. in a matter of hours, you guys have already blown way past the funding goal, so there's no doubt in my mind that this is going to be a runaway success! inexpensive and extremely accessible. 3doodler looks like it'll be amazing for artwork, but i think there is a huge potential for the 3doodler outside of art community as well.  i'm thinking through all of the awesome things we could with these pens! very excited to see what comes! :) (on a side note, if you guys are interested about where the backers are hearing about your kickstarter, i found out through an update status on facebook by shapeways)
sage - that's a really unique use that we haven't heard before. it makes perfect sense, assuming the artists are as flexible as pla or abs!
this will be a great tool for creativity -- i can picture dancers choreographing their moves to include making shapes. they could have a trace of their movements, too, and riff off of that.
deepak - we'll have a go once the craziness of kickstarter subsides! we'd love to start testing more alternative materials. if you want to be part of the process we have a great reward level for you! ;) anasha - thank you! the stretch announcement is coming today. i have to admit we were caught off guard by the pace of backing and want to make sure we respond to everyone. but the visuals are almost complete! geekofhearts - thanks man! re october. yes. in caps! would love to see shots of what you do with it!
@wobbleworks 2 words: try using it with laywood filament and taulman nylon filament... that would be awesome.... p.s. my counting is impaired by my endrophine release system!
wow. i saw this right after it launched and pledged immediately, then got kind of confused about why you were waiting until you got well over double your goal to announce stretch goals, then i look again today and you are double that! also, so much for the "if there are less than 1000 units ordered..."  congratulations!
dudes. awesome product! i can' wait to get my hands on one. i pledged within seconds of the video ending! i am doing a phd in granular materials, and i'd love to be able to make 3d models to be able to explain what i do in terms of 3d structure analysis. are you very confident you will be delivering models by october? my funding ends in january next year, and i'd hate it to arrive just after i finish!
hi michael - the actual pen is patent pending, but we plan to host a very open community when it comes to design sharing, image sharing, and general swapping of knowhow, techniques and other relevant information. looking forward to seeing what you create, as i am sure the whole 3doodler community is.
excellent products guys! pledged immediately, without hesitation. any idea if you'll be pursuing patenting or other intellectual property rights associated with the product, or are you planning on keeping this open-source? makerbot, printrbot and all the other lead-user based 3d printing machines seemed to do exceedingly well without much in the way of proprietary rights, so i was just curious about what path you're looking to follow.  can't wait for my own 3d doodler!
thanks sven! we can and we will make this happen.
ted - good call, and thanks for pointing that out. we're adding it back in now but in separate sections, one to do with plastics generally and the other to do with the temperature button.
congratz with your product ! i look forward to your product. i really hope you can make your product true. a very enthousiastic belgian it's my first 'kickstarter adventure' but i really hope you can realise your dreams. those where my first very enthousiastic 125$ i spent to somebody i really don't know ! have fun
you may want to review your faq because that information isn't present, as far as i can see.  unless you're implying that the two speed settings are also the temperature settings.  thanks for the info!
hi ted - there are indeed two settings which you can switch between depending on the materials. we mention this in more detail in the faq. as for the plastic choice, before shipping we'll be surveying you to see if you want pla or abs and we'll dispatch accordingly! hope that helps.
hi kenneth - that's exactly why we are pushing for this to be out by fall. we want to make sure all backers have this for the holidays, if that's what they are ordering it for. we'll be posting more photos in due course, and we'll definitely be revealing some of the stretch accessories we have planned shortly. we're focussing on keeping up with queries right now and making sure we are addressing any concerns. but watch this space!
you mention both pla and abs and that you will be "offering both choices" but pla melts at a much lower temperature than abs.  are there going to be two temperature settings, depending on the material?  i didn't see anything about type of plastic in the pledge choices, so i just wanted to know how this is happening.
this is great.  my daughter is a budding artist and i think there are some great opportunities in the future of 3d printing, but the learning curve for 3d cad can be quite steep, and the cost of entry on 3d printers is high.  being able to trace this stuff onto paper by hand strikes me as a perfect starting point for understanding the technology and its potential.  if you stay on production schedule it will be a great christmas for her. and now that your initial stretch goal has been surpassed by $50,000, i'm interested to see what sorts of pack-ins and add-ons the kickstarter community has already unlocked. can you post more pictures/video with the power cable attached?  i can imagine how a power cord that was too stiff or too short or badly placed could seriously impair the creative process.
whoot!
hey zoe - thank you! mind = blown at this end too. we did not expect such a phenomenal response in such a short time. although rest assured we did budget for this with production (just in case), so you can safely expect your 3doodler by october!
mind = blown. pledged almost instantly, gutted the early birds sold out even whilst i was coming downstairs to the pc to pledge! geuinely can't wait, wish i was in the september lot tho, but i'll just have to grit my teeth for one extra month... ;-) very excited! well done, chaps.
hi terry - taking no. 2 first, that's a very flattering comparison. thank you! re no.1, we do have such a concept in mind. i believe the article in theregister.com referred to it today, but it's some time off, as we have a few accessory goals that we want to push out before then. but rest assured this is squarely in our sights, we just want to ensure we do it the right way and at the right time!
two things: 1) for the future (not as a stretch goal). any thoughts of a housing for the pen that would change it into a 3d printer? you already have the head... 2) you do realize what a can of worms you have opened.... this could be bigger than the pebble watch.  :o
andrew - we're looking at 2020 for that one!
deepak - the nozzle size is 0.4mm. not far off. and yes, we do have plans for the switching up of nozzles!
when will you have a version that 3d prints mashed potato? stretch goal 3?
tsk. tsk. tsk... nobody asked about the nozzle size? (please let it be around 0.5mm, so i can also use it for laywood!) (please let it be replaceable into the future!)
visualkev! that's awesome. just the kind of thing we like to hear. this was very much about opening up 3d creation to a wider market, no computer or software needed either. bernhard - the pen has two speeds, fast and slow. these allow you to select the flow and then do fast/bulk doodles that cover areas quickly or intricate doodles that require a slower speed.
how about adding variable speed this could be done in the extruder or even simpler in the electronics (thinking pwm in the psu or a rheostat/potentiometer in the handle)
a coworker of mine just purchased a 3d printer and was showing off some of his first creations and i was quite jealous, because i dont have the funds right now for such a device. i just found this ks project and a product like this is well within mine and most people's budget. it seems like an awesome entry into 3d printing/ doodling. i eagerly await the production units later this year. i find the development and production processes interesting and makes the wait time seem shorter.
hi guillaume - we love the idea. just the other day we were talking about games like this. there's going to be a lot to come from both wobbleworks and 3doodler, in terms of use-cases, accessories, and the community we build around this, so stay tuned!
how about creating competition out of this: build structure between two points a bit like the 'build-a-bridge' game or a tall structure like in world of goo? stretch goal x: 3doodlextreme - the best engineering game ever!
for anyone wondering, stretch goal 1 is coming shortly. we hadn't expected such an amazing response. but we really appreciate all your support and are sure you're going to love this. so please stick with us while we get everything just right for you! team doodler.
we have just posted a new faq about multiple/bulk orders: can i order more than one 3doodler? projects like ours truly benefit from being on kickstarter, and in turn we feel obliged to respect the rules of the platform. one of kickstarter's rules is that they do not allow for multiple/bulk purchasing - if you are interested, their thinking is set out in a series of blog posts, including this one: http://www.kickstarter.com/blog/kickstarter-is-not-a-store. however, you are welcome to create a second kickstarter account and pledge for a second 3doodler for friends, family, roommates, etc. and don't forget there is also life after kickstarter, which we have already started preparing for. shortly after our kickstarter ends we'll be accepting pre-orders directly via our website. these will be fulfilled not long after the first batch of kickstarter orders, and you'll be able to order as many 3doodlers as you want... yes, one for every member of the family. did i hear someone say "let's play 3doodle-it!"?
william - thanks for that tip! we'l look into it. ian - we know we've made it if we're on reddit! thanks for coming across. john - we'll definitely keep it in mind. not v.1.0, but if we hear enough requests then 1.75mm could well happen.
i'm with deepak, "i have moved all my printers to 1.75mm filament so that i do not have to stock different diameters of filament anymore..." it'd be great to have a 1.75mm version as a stretch goal, even if it's a super stretch goal.
saw a link on reddit, came and pledged
you guys might want to put your heads together with the crew at makible, who are working on something similar: http://makibox.com/blogpost/items/makibox_smooth_print_public_demo_and_scribble
i have someone i know that is very interested in getting one of these 3doodler pen's however they don't have a amazon account, is there any option to order multiple on kickstarter or order though a website?
shane - great question. we're limited in some respect by the platform, as it doesn't really allow add-ons, just switching of backing levels. what we'll do is make the accessories available on a pre-sale site the day after kickstarter, maintaining your priority, and either shipping everything at that earlier date if possible, or whenever each product is ready.
actually, thinking about it, perhaps a modified handle structure to incorporate removable grips that would allow screwpoint access to those of us with aspirations for that lego mindstorms controlled print machine..
so, assuming stretch goals may include different product enhancements, how will they affect the early birds lucky enough to sign up to the original run? i also like the idea of candydoodler, though my teeth and stomach may be somewhat horrified at the thought...
sure does, thanks for the fast answer :) more then 1/4 through allready, i guess you'll see the demand soon
aviarium - this is for the first run of production. the actual breakdown of the 2106 does have some logic to it: 2000 factors moq, 100 first run orders, and 6 prototypes. but we will be adding more tiers if demand meets the requisite levels. does that answer your question?
small question: why is it, that the 3doodlers are restricted to 2106 pieces? there is no unlimited pledgelevel including a 3doodler
nick - super stretch!
i'd spend extra money right now on the "candydoodler". stretch goal? :-d
nice idea and affordable, good job! hope you can achieve good quality in your production version. 1,75 mm filament would be nice, but i guess i can manage with 3 mm.
and now we need someone who plays around with lego technics or something simliar to build a self-moving cage where you can place a 3doodler into. .. voila - lowest cost 3d printer :d or even with a second cage that has same-sized stick in it, that rolls over structures and duplicates it to the lego-printer = 3d copy machine :d
hi natanael - the 3doodler can only be used with 3mm abs or pla plastics. thicker, thinner, or a different materials and the pen cannot process it and/or jams can be caused. fortunately abs is widely available. check out the faqs where we talk more about this.
+1 for tobias' idea. what other materials could be used? candle wax, or is that too hard to keep at a managable temperature for this purpose?
thanks tobias. we'd have to lower the temperature somewhat, but it may well be possible one day. "candydoodler"?
a feature request would be to be able to use sugar/candy instead of plastic.
haha...well the lack of sleep does creep in. but thats okay...you deserve to celebrate! just don't forget to get back soon and tell us our stretch goals too!  congratulations again!! =)
and that was meant for ira... well, the first part was. jacob, the second sentence is for you!
jacob, we'll definitely be asking backers to confirm or provide adresses ahead of shipping! and appreciate the effort you made. daniel
really excited about this!  quick question - where are you guys getting shipping addresses from?  my billing address on amazon payments is not my shipping address.  will you be asking for them when the time comes?
just to let you know, i signed up to kickstarter just to fund your project.
thanks jacob. we're over the moon!
congratulations on reaching your goal, and on the first day no less! i can't wait to receive my 3doodler.
almost at the goal already....wow.
why havent i heard about this earlier?! i need this in my life!
make a 1.75mm filament version one of the stretch goals... pleaaaaaasssee!
oh my oh my oh my oh my! this is great hanging bunches of cool all in the same place. at the rate the backers are signing up, this is gonna happen.  i'm excited by the thought of having this tool in my hand.  sometime this fall.  it's gonna be a long summer.
great project - just missed the early bird, but i don't mind. for international backers will the power supply for this be 110v only or dual 110v / 220v (i'm in europe)?
awesome project. proud to be an early bird on this one. very excited.
i was just thinking of creating the ultimate bird cage/housing out of boxes. now the canaries will have a future 3d printed cage/house this winter then.
hi deepak - it's a possibility down the line, but not for the kickstarter i'm afraid. we found 3mm worked much better with our mechanism, and we liked how much use we got out of a shorter piece of 3mm vs a longer piece of 1.75. we'll keep you posted, but for now i would urge you to embrace the dilemma and get doodling!
great device... but can you make one that works with 1.75mm filament too? i have moved all my printers to 1.75mm filament so that i do not have to stock different diameters of filament anymore, but now this pen puts me in a dilemma? ;-)
great project! my kids godna love it!
this is a really exciting thing! so glad i got in early and can watch it develop!
proud to be early bird backers of this super cool project.  this tool will unleash so much creativity!
thanks martin! as are we. and thank you for backing us!
wow this super exciting. good luck with your kickstart project.
