...i suddenly realised my copy of this ebook was on my dead laptop. crap.
you email saying you won't use this as a spam list but you spam everyone on the list ? i don't want to hear about your new stuff, thanks.
has breadpig managed to find out where the autographed bookplates are yet? last i'd heard they didn't have any information on their whereabouts, but that was back in march.
i understand others are having issues of much greater importance regarding the rewards for this project, but there is still no mobi edition of this book available. it's said "coming soon" for a year now. i consider this a project that's failed to deliver on its promises. :(
it seems legal action may be possible. http://www.geekwire.com/2014/attorney-general-asylum-playing-cards-crowdfunded-project/
my address has changed - but rather than ask you to amend if and when you ship this, please give me a refund.  if you do not i will have my credit card company deny these charges.
for the rpg folks:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dwarvenforge/dwarven-forges-caverns-dwarvenite-game-tiles-mini  in its last 36 hours
i'm extremely disappointed with the bookplate.  i was supposed to get a signed book, not a signed piece of paper.  this project has ruined smbc for me.
after more than a week, i finally got a response (after i included every breadpig email i could find) that pretty much indicated they didn't even read what i sent.  i confirmed / clarified.  and radio silence. breadpig doesn't care.  zach doesn't care. i'm done with kickstarter until there's some escrow arrangement.  too many "mistakes" on fulfillment.  i'm willing to take a risk on something new.  but not getting books or signatures when zach pockets this much money?  something is f-d up...
i emailed the breadpig customer service rep and have yet to receive a reply.  i sent my email 12 days ago. when am i going to get a response?
well this is massively disappointing: ============================ hello! i'm a customer service representative for breadpig. i'm contacting you on behalf of the smbc science: ruining everything kickstarter. unfortunately, i have some bad news. due to damages and a shortage of books, we have run out of hardcover copies of science: ruining everything before being able to fulfill your order. we apologise profusely for this error on our end. however, despite this unfortunate news, we are gladly offering to send to you a paperback copy of science: ruining everything, complete with a signed bookplate by zach, and refund you the difference of the cost, $20.00. alternatively, if you wish to have a full refund for the tier that you backed, just let us know and we can do that for you as soon as possible. thank you so much for your time, patience, and consideration. we appreciate it deeply, and again, we're very sorry about this complication.
and here comes the update explaining everything.  fingers crossed now!
finally get around to checking here and find out (reassuringly?) that i'm not the only one with no sign of my hardback / t-shirt.  disappointing.
and another week gone by, messaged him again, still no response.
no response to my last mail, no respoonse to my last comment here (my last message was from 16.1.2014...)
after i pestered zach on twitter (which i only did because i didn't know breadpig is running the show on this), i did finally get some reply. of course, i got a "we called the warehouse, but they haven't called back" non-answer eight days ago, so that isn't exactly encouraging. complaining to ks wasn't exactly helpful, either. all they did was send bp an email and say that this "will certainly be taken into consideration should the project creator submit another project". whatever that means. much love to zach, but breadpig has really screwed the proverbial pooch. but hey, at least i got the actual book; sounds like a lot of people didn't/won't.
340k in funding?  but they can't (won't?) correct the shipping problems that they acknowledged they would back in october?
still waiting for my hardcopy. i would really love some feedback. :|  any information if it was already sent/lost/delayed?
meant to say, "if it continues much longer, i'm going to complaint to ks and see if they can help." hurr fingers.
the lack of communication is very much not okay. if it continues much longer, i haven't heard anything since november. it's things like this that cause me to not want to kickstart anything anymore.
no signed books, no signed bookplates, one missing hardcover in the first shipment. second shipment: wet (and therefore destroyed) unsigned hardcover. no bookplates. massaged zach a week ago and no response. these problems are unfortunate but can happen, the lack of communication is not o.k.
the mobi digital version is still listed as "(coming soon)" on the website. is there an eta on when that will be up? it's been 7 months since that site went live and i don't want it to miss it before it goes offline...
hi zack, still not heard from you since last year. not received a thing. ordered the geek pack. cheers
hi zack. i've sent a message, but i haven't heard anything back. i have not received anything at all from you guys. i got the hard hero. thanks! noel
just sent a message to breadpig - at this point i don't really care about the hardcover, but i paid an extra $40, so i think that either a book or a refund is in order. > joe komenda on october 30 > endocrinology > hi zachary, > i pledged at the geek pack level ($40) and when you reached hardcover > level i upgraded by $40, > but only ever received the regular geek pack: > > new pledge summary  > amount pledged  > $80.00 > > sorry to hear things have gotten so messed up, i know you're doing your > best to make things right. > regards,  > joe k
(originally sent as message w/no response - maybe a response here?) hi - it's great that you acknowledged the shipping error back in october (i was a hard weiner that got duplicates and unsigned books). but - i never received the promised correction. was there a form i needed to fill out? anything else i needed to do?
hi zach, platypus!  :) i've tried sending a couple messages via kickstarter, but haven't seen any responses...  there were some problems with what i received, a strange mixture of the problems listed in the update #54, and even if this is something where the ship has sailed, i'd like some closure, please.  btw, i pledged the hard weiner.  definitely no bookplates, yet, either...
still no book plate here, with the the hardrock pledge.
anyone receiving those bookplates yet? i received the unsigned book some time back, but still no bookplate.
anyone (like me) with a shipping address in europe still waiting for the book?
so... after  finally getting my hard hero and paying 30$ of vat for it i am left to wonder if the book is signed... where is the signature supposed to be? my book looks exactly like the pdf...
so ... how about those bookplates?
yay! got mine today. thanks.
hmmm.. what a good idea for a cartoon... http://www.gocomics.com/kevinkallaugher/2013/11/24
zach,  what about that contest you ran for various science labs? i entered my lab and it was of those chosen by spooky action at a distance (or a cat...who knows?). anywhoo, i've surfed around on the kickstarter pages for science, and haven't seen anything about a follow-up.... thanks!
hello, i ordered the power pack and received an email from breadpig with a tracking number for dhl. i checked the tracking number a week or so later since i hadn't received anything. dhl had it down that they had tried to deliver to my address twice in the same day (nov 2) and left notices both times, however there were no notices... so, i sent them an email (the only way dhl offers help) and received no response. i did this twice more with no response. i'm afraid that it's been long enough now, with no response, that the package would have shipped back to you guys. i'm sorry to make more work for you, but could have it resent please? i'll try to get in touch with breadpig as well. thanks!
received the bedrock pack after breadpig un-blocked the order (october 30). the book looks great. thanks!
i suspect that many cases of unsigned hardcover books were delivered in place of signed ones. zach knows how many he signed and should know how many kickstarter hardcoveres there are. arithmetic isn't rocket science. if you have a complaint, you should contact breadpig, even if only to register your dissatisfaction.  i don't mean to say that you shouldn't share your concerns here, rather that i don't think zach reads these comments. (i hope that was respectful and considerate.)
recieved my multi-nerd pack... no signatures in any of them =(
@ ryan, compare it to the pdf version. i'm eagrly awaiting my copy, i hope it will be signed after all this waiting.
finally received my hardcover and it is beautiful. however, i'm not sure if it is "signed" as the only signature appears to have been printed on there during the printing of the book. not sure if this is just because of the color of the ink or if the actually signature is missing.
thanks @odyssey mom.
still waiting for a geek pack. any idea when it might show up?
@kaushik.  the sticker symbol is one of the sketches from the poster. i think it means that science debunks phrenology, 'which studies the relationships between a person's character and the morphology of the skull.'
what does the sticker (35k reward) mean ? is it from any of the comics ?
got my book (bedrock level) yesterday in the uk. breadpig shipping email was on 30th october so 2 weeks is not bad.
i got my copy yesterday.
the mark on the forward page is not a signature.  the pdf has the same mark.  but i guess that you science nerds already knew that.
got my multi-nerd today, none signed, but all hardcovers as requested. relieved to see my message about hard covers got through as that was the most important bit for me :d
i got my physical copy a few days ago, and it is awesome.
yay, finally got e-mail that my stuff is being shipped, except the e-mail only mentiones the book and the shirt, and my pack is supposed to have [ebook + limited edition hardcover + bookmark + notebook + poster + shirt]...
got my stuff, but like other a bit disappointed the book was not signed, but not disappointed enough to have it fixed.
@ryan i found that the email from breadpig didn't have the correct information to track with and i'm not surprised that they messed up this order as i had things wrong with the first package with trial of the clone where books weren't signed. i finally received the hard power pledge today which also had the extra t-shirt and poster which i had put as an add-on. the hardcover book was wrapped well but has a slight dirty mark on the inside second page which is frustrating to say the least, it has been signed on the forward page but it appears as if it's been printed. the poster was damaged and was sent in a ridiculous huge flat package which with other packages on top during transit got damaged. when you get the poster sent again can it come rolled up in a cardboard roll to stop damage.
i just got my package today, ordered 1x multi-nerd but got sent 3xpower pack instead, so no signatures on my books. looks like i'm in the same situation as sri gupta.
got my hardcover book in the mail today. no signature. is this what that update about the backplates is supposed to address? should i expect a signed backplate in the mail at some point? meh, at this point i've got the product and don't wish to deal with the matter any further.
i dislike lack of communication, yet again. i have no idea if my pack will be shipped this year at all :(
got shipping confirmation today from breadpig, however the tracking number they gave me says my package has already been delivered to richmond va, but i am in canada. additionally, the package contents section of the email fails to list the bookmark as part of my dork pack is this just because it is too small an object to be mentioned? i assume these are just small hiccups and am very excited to get my copy!
i got my stuff this weekend! thanks zac! my son and i have already spent a good deal of time passing the book back and forth laughing at your excellent writing.
william,  it appears as though you are correct.  that's pretty disappointing. i agree, something as simple as making the signature in blue ink, or putting it on the title page or dedication would have made a huge difference.
it came it came
just got my hardcover today too, the signature appears to be on the foreword page, but my vision can not tell the difference between the ink used for it and the ink used on the rest of the page, so it really might as well be printed. guess i just expected it to stand out a little and be a little more recognizable as definitely signed and not just printed on.  guess i just expected him to broadly scrawl his name in an obnoxious color across the title page, or on some side of one of the covers and not done neatly bellow his printed name on the foreword page.
finally got my hardcover in the mail today, and no signature to be found anywhere.
hey chief - ordered a multi nerd, got three power packs.  power packs don't have signed books :(
received my book! (the hard power) woot!
got my book today, no autograph... :( i thought that was default for all the levels?
got my book today, no autograph... :( i thought that was default for all the levels?
got my book today. thanks!
just got ye olde dork pack.  the book is sitting by my keyboard for maximum time wasteage.  adios productivity!
just got my dork pack here in the us. :d
us, power pack, arrived today, hooray!
hey, hard weiner. sorry ibhad not messaged earlier but i ran into the lack of autograph on every book but science and the doubling error. how do we ensure that we recieve the correct copies?
just got my order info from breadpig. happy to finally have it delivered, even if it's a few months behind schedule. stuff happens, i guess. can't wait to get it!
hard weiner here, i've already touched base with breadpig and i'm happy to hear the problems are all being fixed. i just wanted to comment and say that everyone makes mistakes, even automated software, and my customer service with breadpig (hi, jessica!) has been stellar. have faith guys - this campaign raised almost 20x the original goal, so it's understandable that the scale was a little larger than what everyone probably envisoned at the outset. if you haven't gotten your hardback book yet, they do look pretty snazzy!
no items and no shipping info whatsoever, uk.
hardrock in wa, still awaiting the book. any updates?
dork pack in nj no shipping info or anything.
bedrock level. still nothing. just letting you know. :)
hi, just checking in to see when to expect the book...thanks!
us, dork pack, no shipping info or anything received yet (filled out survey when it was first sent out).   should i be contacting breadpig?
can we get invoices? the customs are asking for it... the only thing i got was a shipped messages from breadpig and and amazon transaction info... but an actual invoice with shipping costs and so on would be useful
i still have no shipping info or product and i'm in oklahoma.
no items, no shipping info.  bedrock level.  survey received and responded to 40 days ago...
dork pack, still nothing whatsoever. i move back home at the end of this semester (middle of december), and my address will change then. i really, really hope this all gets worked out.
i live in nyc and my book still hasn't arrived :(
my package arrived here in israel.  full weiner. everything accounted for, but only science: was signed.  i'm ok with that.   wearing the shirt now. :)
i have not yet received my stuff (maryland)
yesterday my stuff arrived safe and sound all the way to uruguay (4 books, notebook, bookmark, t-shirt). it was worth the wait. barely ;)
no items, no shipping info.... should i be worried about customs in texas....? /s
i have not received any of my items yet.  should i be worried?
there is an update about shipping issues
@scott romanowski "i'm prepared to take further action unless i hear directly from mr. weiner this week." ...lol
is there any eta on the mobi edition? it's still listed as "coming soon" on the website, though it's been 4 months...
i got my stuff, love it, thanks so much!
i've contacted mr. weiner twice over the past two weeks about not getting all the items i paid for. he has not responded yet. i've contacted breadpig. they have not responded yet either. my science book was fine, so his comment doesn't address my issue. i'm prepared to take further action unless i hear directly from mr. weiner this week.
the book woulda come out in june and its almost november... delays are ok if they are communicated, here we have been left totally in the dark. won´t support any more smbc projects, which is a shame as i am a huge fan of them.
been a month since the survey and no word on when my bedrock level is going to ship, would have loved any kind of update from zach. more then the 2 sentences he put on the comic page at least. just a heads up on what is going on with the delay and the incorrect shipments. i'm sure i'm going to get a product at some point but this makes me really uninterested in supporting another product from mr weiner on kickstarter again for sure. if we could just get some comment from him that acknowledges the issues here it would make a big difference.
haven't gotten tracking info either yet... but here is a message that zach left on his "blog" on the smbc page: "hey geeks-- for those of you who ordered a science book, i understand there have been some delivery errors. i'm working with my geeks to get things fixed as soon as possible. sorry for the screwup"
pledged connoisseur level and it arrived today, older books aren't signed but everything is there.
as moisés sánchez (previous post) i also ordered the whole weiner, the old books were unsigned and the poster has ugly bents.
received my pledge today (spain), i ordered the whole weiner, the old books were unsigned and the poster has really ugly bents. taken into consideration the sturdy tube it cames in, it had to be damaged before packaging.
haven't received any kind of information about my hard copy either, bedrock+international shipping.
i have not received any confirmation, order number, or any info of any kind about my order. i pledged at the the hard power: [ebook + hardcover book + bookmark] level and would like to know when i can expect the book to arrive. i did fill out that survey so they should have my shipping info. have any of the books actually been sent yet?
haven't gotten an order number either....
tracking info doesn't seem to work, package hasn't arrived yet.
okay update from me: breadpig replied the same day, apologized, sent the missing book the same day(!), didn't request to return the extra copy, and asked for patience regarding signing book copies as they are working on a solution. zach doesn't seem to go here to address people, but he replies to (respectful) emails. maybe someone writing him should mention that it's best for everyone if he could post something here.
received no order number from zach. contacted breadpig, inc. customer service:  they could not locate my order, they ask for an order number. no progress since october 14 (3 days ago).
a simple "we're working on it" from zach would suffice. anything other than being left in the dark. still waiting on message responses from zach and breadpig, i've heard nothing.
for the record: zach promptly replied to my complaint about wrong items, but since it's obvious that it's hardly his mistake the only thing he could say was that he'll pass the information along to breadpig. breadpig still silent.
i pledged the hard hero level, added international shipping-paid for those... and planned for vat costs.... it's been 8months since funding, 4 since eta...i'm slowly worried about not recieving anything,ever...or getting wrong things like people in other comments :s
hard power level - have not seen anything.
in the same situation regarding the hard weiner level. writing to breadpig and zach.
just picked up my copy from the post office here in the uk. it was delivered on monday but i received no notification of it being sent so had no idea what i was collecting. backed at geek pack level and everything seems to be present and correct.
raise over a quarter million dollars (over 1,000% of goal), don't communicate with the backers, start another kickstarter the expected month of delivery, and delivery is neither timely nor accurate...... yep - this is a near perfect example of how not to run a kickstarter.....disappointed =(  from now on i'll just wait for zach's products to hit the stores...... @scott - perry provided the following link to contact breadpig.  good luck! http://breadpig.com/pages/contact
i paid for the whole weiner but i did not receive the signed copies of tmdg, sym and totc that come with that package. i used the "contact me" link on 5 october to ask zachary about it but i have not heard back from him. does anyone have contact information for breadpig? i couldn't find an email address on their website.
dork pack; nothing yet: not a word, not a whisper.
i have yet to recieve my physical book either! (i pedged at the the bedrock: [ebook + book] kill a tree, kill an electron level) and i do belive i went through the process of confirming my information — pittsburgh pa …etc. (just checked my email.) so, what gives?
i messaged breadpig as well.  they replied with, " we do not have any recent orders in our system."   i paid for the "hard power" and have received nothing electronically or otherwise.
still nothing. glad to have supported someone who can't communicate well, can't meet deadlines, can't seem to fulfill orders properly, etc.
hi all. has anyone in the uk received anything or been sent a shipping notice? haven't been sent anything at all and it would be nice to know if everyone else was experiencing the same thing. thanks!
i received my order today (the collector) and i had asked and paid to have a hardcover in place of a softcover book, but the package arrived with the softcover, seems a lot of people are having issues like this, how do we fix this? also the copy of trials of the clone was not signed, not that that is a big issue.
still haven't seem anything or received an email to say its shipped.
i think everyone emailing them helped out. got a response today saying that all will be corrected. hope everything works for y'all too!
got a response from breadpig today - they're going to send me a copy of "save yourself mammal", and they're checking with headquarters about the books being signed.
my response from breadpig was that they would send a copy of save yourself mammals and would send signed bookplate stickers for the unsigned books. no eta on either yet.
update: after a bunch of back-and-forth with breadpig, they're sending me save yourself mammal and asking me to return the extra copy of the most dangerous game. they've refused to acknowledge that i ordered the paperbacks as signed, though, and are insistent that part of the package included a non-signed hardcover (as well as a signed). they're also sending me a new "goodie-pack" for some reason, as they don't think i've received it. the conversation with them has been quite frustrating and i might give their corporate office a call. i don't care about the signed books; i just want to make sure they know something got miscommunicated. also, i don't want zach to get screwed out of a whole bunch of extra hardcovers and goodie-packs they're sending out. i've asked them to talk to zach but have now been met with complete silence. =/
@matthias: geek pack + $40 for additional hardcover? did you let them know you were still missing something? i think there was a chunk of miscommunication and the extras have been missed en masse - i went with geek pack + $20 to upgrade the from softcover to hardcover and only got the softcover (i see holycanoly had the same problem). i've emailed them but without response so far. i agree about the actual contents of the book being good stuff though.
bah. and my "trial of the clone" is unsigned...
just got home to find the hard weiner pack waiting for me. hardcovers look great, but i got two unsigned copies of "the most dangerous game" and no sign of "save yourself mammal."
i pleged the geek pack plus hardcover and shipping to europe and revieved everything except the hardcover. seeing how many shipping problems came up it is going to be a long time before i see the hardcover... the book and everything else is amazing though.
echoing the findings of others:  i'm also a hard weiner backer and received two unsigned copies of tmdg and no sym.  breadpig has been contacted (thanks perry); awaiting response. i wonder if a broader level of action will need to be taken by zach et. al. to resolve this apparently widespread issue.
in the same boat with the hard wiener pack, two deadliest games, no mammals, signature only on the hardcover. sent a message off via the bread pig link.
ps: thanks for posting the contact link perry!
i used perry's template and sent an email as well. i didn't receive a second copy of the hardcover, but also received two copies of the most dangerous game.
after reading through some comments guess i shouldn't be complaining, nothing yet... $25 level...
good idea perry! :-) i just sent them a message similar to yours.
ken: i'm talking to breadpig right now, and it sounds like it might be a problem with everyone at the "hard weiner" level. here's what i sent: i recently received my order, but i received extra of a few things and none of others. the package i backed included: * signed limited edition hardcover * bookmark * notebook * poster * shirt - all three of zach's other books, signed the correct items have been marked with an asterisk, however, the last item seems to have been mistakenly put together. i should have received a copy of "save yourself mammal" (signed), "the most dangerous game" (signed), and "trial of the clone" (signed). however, i received an extra copy of the hardcover (not signed), two copies of "the most dangerous game" (not signed), and one copy of "trial of the clone" (not signed). here's what i got back: thanks for writing! our records indicate that you should have received one science: ruining everything since 1543 hardcover book, one hard weiner pack containing a hardcover book, 3 paperback books, sticker, postcard and a bookmark and a black medium science tee. the other items you mentioned you should have received are not a part of your order. i mentioned to the rep that this was incorrect and she forwarded the email to her management team. she seemed pretty confident it will be resolved. i also messaged zach to give him the heads up. i think if you emailed breadpig, they might start realizing this is a larger problem: http://breadpig.com/pages/contact
drew: nothing yet. $35 level as well.
i was rather cheerful when i saw the shipping notification just to realize today that the tracking number in the email is wrong - i got the number of of another dhl parcel which was delivered back in june to someone else. now, i know that this is breadpig's mess, but it's still irritating that after 2-3 months of delay such small and stupid things come up. looks like i'm not alone with issues, though. ps: has anybody gotten a shipping number of my parcel? :p
still no shipping notice.. wondering if the higher-price packages are going out first. anyone at the $35 level have theirs?
pledged at the hard weiner level, and like other people, got two copies of "the most dangerous game" and none of "save yourself mammal".  i'm willing to send one copy of "most dangerous game" back if i could get a copy of "save yourself mammal". also, the books other than science aren't signed, but i don't really care about that too much. otherwise, everything else is great.  the hardcover science book is especially nice.
+1 to jon, dan, david and all others who ordered the whole weiner. only the science is signed.
just adding another data point. i also ordered the whole weiner, but only science was signed. please don't take this as a complaint -- i am grateful for your comic every morning, and happy to support your work in whatever small way i can.
just received my shipment and i have the same issue as a few others. only my science book was signed, and i received two copies of "the most dangerous game." everything else was great. thanks for everything and good luck sorting out the errors!
i too ordered the whole weiner, but only science was signed.
echoing previous commenters, ordered the whole weiner but only science was signed.  the other three books were unsigned.
hey, zach and company, just quick fyi, i just got my package (picked the hard weiner), and i am very happy with it. one thing, i got 2 "most dandgerous game" paperbacks in my box. i can send one back if you need me to, and it looks like i am not the only one. otherwise i am very happy with my books. great project. i love the tshirt design.
one book unsigned, one book bashed up and spine bent even though the boxes were in pristine condition. means it was taken off the shelf in bad condition and packed anyway. a little disappointed.
i received the 3 previous books but none of them were signed, only science. won't make a fuss about that, but it's disappointing.
doh! just realized the signed and unsigned books cost the same in the smbc store, signed or unsigned. that makes me slightly less miffed, but still a little sad.
guy, i also got the "hard weiner" package and got two copies of "the most dangerous game." this is indeed an error because it is the second smbc collection. the first one was "save yourself, mammal!" secondly, the "hard weiner" package said that all three books would be signed, and none of mine are. what is the best way to get a resolution on this? i'm less concerned about not having the signed copies (although a little miffed since you can get them from the smbc store and they cost more than the unsigned copies), but i would really like the other smbc collection.
the "hard weiner" package had two of "the most dangerous game", as well as one trial of the clone and a hardback copy of "science." the description said "all three prior books"...i'm not going to complain as i did get three "other" books. more of a heads up. i bet somebody will complain. my ten seconds of actual internet sleuthing couldn't procure the name of a possible third title, and i'm lazy. so, thanks! you rock!
hi zach, i paid the extra 20$ for hardcover and just got a softcover... i sent a message before to hopefully prevent this confusion and got a reply at the time. well i hope this mess will be dealt with shortly.
i've also been unable to track the shipment.  there was an order number, but that did not seem to work.  i am also an international shipping address.
hi zach, i paid $125 for the $105 tier to upgrade science to hardcover but did not receive the hardcover like i asked for, i received the paperback instead. i sent you a message on february 21 indicating what i had added to my pledge but never got a response. i'll be sending you a message too.
not sure if i am just failing badly at reading the "items shipped" email, but i can't find the tracking number on there, this is for an international shipping address, anyone else have the same issue?
just received my book and t-shirt.
got my shipping notification in my email today! woooooohooooo! thank you, zach!
i am getting the following message when responding to the address survey: "we were unable to find the address you entered. to make sure your reward gets delivered, please double-check your address before submitting" it might be because i'm an international backer, but the address seems correct in every way. i've even tried variations on it, but i always get the same response. i submitted it anyway, and hope it's just a software problem.
i'm thrilled that everything is starting to ship. i've been looking forward to getting the book in my hands for quite a while now. :-) is everything going to work out with the "upgrades" though? i for one added another $20 to get a hardcover instead of a softcover. i hope these things won't be missed in the rush and chaos of getting everything out the door. ;-)
the survey just asked for my shipping address... what about the addons? we were supposed to send you a message but you never replied, zach, did everything work out? or is it going to be one big mess? ;)
i got an email about survey response just now for the shipping address. can't wait for da book!
also no book.  anything shipped?
same as quint. haven't received book.
i never got my t-shirt or my book. what would be the best way to fix that?
hey guys! i emailed zach and he replied. surveys have only gone out to people who have shirts. everyone else is going to get a survey at the last minute to make sure no one's address has changed. i can only assume that people who want their addresses changed will get a second survey then, though i'm not sure about that.
i haven't gotten a survey yet. i think i'm going to email the smbc guys and ask about it ($35 dork pack)
i got a survey on june 6th. ($40 geek pack level)
@george - they haven't sent out surveys yet, have they?  i'm not showing i received one for this project.
fyi, there is no way to update survey information or send out a second survey, so if your address has changed, you'll need to communicate that to zach directly.
the lack of update information is unfortunate.
i'm a bit dissapointed with how late this is :(
same question as dylan bordell :d
i had a change of address since backing way back when. will you send out a back survey to confirm addresses?
hey have they sent out the email asking for addresses and whatnot? i didn't miss it, did i?
on 7/23, zach responded to a message i sent him with this: "sorry for the delay - we've had some issues with printing. but, i just heard from our geeks and the book should be off the press august 13. so, it should be in your hands not too long after that."
meant to include much more in my comment, but accidentally hit post. no edit button? what the hell kickstarter? very weaksauce. anyway, as i was trying to say, i still love the smbc crew and everything, but epic party foul is epic party foul. no amount of awesome funny can erase such party foul, nor make it go away. such foul certainly does not encourage me to give more money to a project that immediately starts after the third of a million project just ended, when i still haven't even gotten the goods from the last one yet, nor have i heard anything about actual reception of such. zach, if you're reading this, everything you do and make is super cool and all, but maybe you're going just a bit too fast bro. it seems like you're not keeping up with the stuff you already have commitments too, that's all. hey, maybe i'm wrong, that just seems to be what i'm seeing, ya' know? i think the significantly reduced numbers that the trial of the clone sequel has raised compared to the original (and other smbc projects) may be for the exact reasons i just stated, too many projects in a row, all of which are funded by -essentially the same target audience-, an audience that just spent 341,000 dollars of it's "zach's cool stuff" budget. i think you may be over extending your audience as a financial resource and the results from your most recent kickstarter were diminished significantly because of that. slow it down and maybe talk with that audience more and maintain that personal connection you've established with your peeps.that connection is why these people have come back and funded your other projects, they are the reason this project reached 341,000. yet as of late, it feels like you're eroding that with consumer relationship with such a large gap in communication concerning successive projects that rake it an absurd amount of money. your previous projects were much more spaced out and seemed to be somewhat better defined. many others have made similar statements, although perhaps with a bit less explanation or justification, but they support my point none the less. it's not about demanding the book immediately or right on time either, people just want you to say something about it. it doesn't have to be much, but taking 2 minutes when you pass a previously stated eta point to say something would go a long ways. as long as you say anything at all, even something like, "james spilled a bucket of goat intestines all over the book warehouse during a fortune telling mishap, so we have to reprint them cause they smell bad now, so it may be three more months at least", any statement at all really, would go a long ways towards making your consumer base happier and increase the rate at which their  "zach demand" levels replenish themselves, increasing previously mentioned "zach's cool stuff budget".
tom, i considered joining the kickstarter for the trial of the clone sequel, but i plan on waiting for the android app or maybe skipping it, because i'm a bit displeased that zach and co, as much as i love their creations, haven't really said anything/ignored everyone asking about the physical books when they're very clearly past the stated shipping date. it's very disconcerting when you join a 300k+ fund raiser for a book and then never hear anything about the book you paid for.
the natives are getting restless, when do we expect delivery?
estimated delivery: jun 2013 :( when will you guys send the books to us?
will the physical copies be arriving soon?  i'm going to be moving in a week...
lets kick the new zach weiner book into gear as we need more art and extras in the book. if you missed the first book you can get both and we need hardcover as an option. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/weiner/trial-of-the-clone-2-wrath-of-the-pacifist
did i miss the survey for shipping information?
what do i need to do if i'm moving before the book gets shipped?
is there any way to have the comic # posted on the individual comic, with a ***special extra nowhere else*** for the ones that aren't on interwebs?
i received a notification to select the t-shirt size, but i'm looking at the sizing chart at http://www.americanapparel.net/sizing/default.asp… and i'm confused. how can size m measure 40 inches in the chest and 33 inches around the waist? is that really ok? usually t-shirts are around the same size at waist and chest levels. so i'm wondering if i should get an m (the size i usually use) or a 2xl !!!
yeah, page 33 is wrong, it's been mentioned by several people on the update.
was anyone else's pdf screwed up on page 33-34?
when do we get the other ebooks?
besides the link to the pdf, how do we get access to the digital bonus content?
joshua hassell, i feel the same, and this is the same case for the project "very near mint - volume 3", these guys are travelling or just seemingly enjoying the extra money that they keep after considering all the expenses for the prizes, and backers are left in the void... oh well
joshua> aren't we feeling all entitled today!
is anyone else aggravated that this dude raised $341,000 and we have to get on the kickstarter forums and beg for updates?  at that kind of money raised for a book of comics you'd think our inboxes would be flooded with updates.  what the heck is going on here?
been a few weeks now, i didn't miss the email did i?!
so... about that shirt email?
i'm not active on the smbc forums or others [e.g. xkcd] but it should be talked about why the following does not have the real science cartoonist on the list?  http://www.ucsusa.org/scientific_integrity/science_idol/2013-cartoon-contest-contestants.html
hurry, june! (i couldn't resist the opportunity to write comment #256.)
get one of these to sign your books  http://www.etsy.com/listing/17563783/vintage-teachers-chalk-holder-multi-line
pretty sure survey's have gone out yet (as there's been no word on progress)....so they don't yet have your shipping address.  you're all good! =)
i'm moving and my old address will not work any longer, is there still time to change it to my new address?
yep - kinda bizarre there's been no word....hmmmmmm.......
i agree.  any word yet on anything?
any... updates... ?
i would appreciate it if the older e-books could be delivered before the actual book. thanks, []'s
bueller?... bueller?... bueller?....
fyi for you d&ders the 5-set slot is open again at http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dwarvenforge/dwarven-forges-game-tiles-revolutionary-miniature
any news? could use an update right about now.
soooooo whats the progress? would love an update and maybe a date. thank you :)
same question: is there any kind of eta available in regards to the older ebooks? will we get them soonish? or bundled with the new? (i surely would prefer soonish, but i'm also ok with the second, but would be great to know whats going on.)
woo :) with the extra ebooks added, are they going to be made available to backers before the book is released? given they're already out, would be nice to pass the time until the new book is finished, although i appreciate it might be more difficult than sorting everything out at the same time.
zach my birthday is june 13th make this my b-day present and let me read itttt
hi zach, just wanted to see if you got my message.
ah!!!!  i was out of town and missed the hard cover!!!!
smbc finished almost as good as oots [percentage wise]. now if only xkcd would have one, i could have my my own personal perfect posthumous trifecta binding them together
grats!
i have the same request as d. below.  it's my own fault so of course say no if it would be a pain in the butt, i'll still be too big of a fan to trash talk you for it.
i was so busy with work this morning that i forgot to add my $40 for a hardcover! :( i don't suppose there’s any way i can still get one?
yess, congratulations! tacked on $40 to my pledge for an extra hardcover copy.
wow, congratulations. this is impressive, i can't wait to get the comic.
yay for zach!  and us!   3rd most funded comic on kickstarter, ever!  well done!
congrats, zach!
$340k, congratulations \o/
@rubi  the kickstarter expected release date says june. so if everything goes according to plan, you could read your ebook in june and you'll get the physical copy a little later. i wouldn't be surprised if the release would be later however since there will be a lot of extra content that wasn't planned due to the incredible succes of this kickstarter.
when should i expect to be reading the book?
hey- i just submitted another $20 in addition to my original $20 and i'd like a hardcover, valentine's present for my boyfriend. thanks for this awesome project :d
thanks! :)
thank you for your reply, that's perfectly clear for me :) i have just upped my pledge another 20 bucks for the hardcover. i will send a message to be sure.
sjoerd: yes, you can up your pledge $20, but make sure you send us a message that you've done so and you want a hardcover. we are manually processing all of these orders so if you don't notify us, we won't know it happened! matthew: if you add $10 and send us a message, we'll get you a poster. ekzentric: we're not going to add any more reward tiers--the more we have, the messier the fulfillment process gets. sorry! but you can follow my previous comment's instructions for adding to or upgrading your order. vanessa: the shirts will be on sale after the kickstarter, so waiting until then is probably the best option. philip: we'll collect this information when we send out the backer survey, which will also be how we collect your addresses.
if we go with the connoisseur package, how do we select which books we want? will there be an email later or something? i was just going to go with the other two comic collections.
is there a way to add a 2nd t-shirt?
please add a hard multi-nerd option!
quick! everyone switch to $1! really though, we should all add a dollar. that'd be enough to get us to 325k!
pi hundred thousand dollars and counting! :-)
hi zach, i got the hardrock pack, any chance i can tack on an extra $10 for a poster?
omg! i checked the project and it had the mark of the unlucky beast. 20 hrs until doomsday! i quit!
(another 40 dollars for an extra hardcover is too steep for my budget, but upgrading my softcover to hardcover for 20 dollars is do-able)
@zach thanks for the answer, but it leaves me with one question: is it possible to upgrade the softcover in an existing bundle (say the geek pack) to a hardcover for $20? or is the only possibility to obtain a hardcover at that tier to add $40 for an extra hardcover?
hey geeks! sorry for the confusion. if you want to add a hardcover, +40, if you want to add a softcover, +20, and then please make sure to send a message so we know what the extra money is for when we build our spreadsheet of doom. options on the right are as-is. if it says hardcover, it's hardcover. if not its soft. the only thing wrong now is that all hardcovers will now be signed. i'd update the rewards with that, but you're not allowed to :) the prices are inexact because we have some unknowns regarding pricing/shipping/design work. in particular, changes in order size can affect shipping cost in weird ways. hopefully it's not too confusing!
i love the hardcover option. thank you for that. :-) but i'm with deltablast here. in the lower tiers an added hardcover equals $20 but in the higher tiers it equals $40. that makes no sense at all. for instance "the hard weiner" should be $125 vs. $105 for "the whole weiner" if you compare for example "the bedrock" ($20) with "the hardrock" ($40). anyhow, i love the comic and all the extras in the packs seem great. i can't wait to get my dirty geek hands on this collection. :-)
$20 - the bedrock: softcover (+ebook). $40 - the hard bedrock: hardcover (+ebook). & $25 - the power pack: softcover (+ebook,bookmark). $45 - the hard power: hardcover (+ebook,bookmark). difference: $20 so, softcover=20 and hardcover=40? then why: 60$ - the hero pack: softcover (+ebook,bookmark,notebook,poster,shirt). $100 - the hard hero: hardcover (+ebook,bookmark,notebook,poster,shirt). & $105 - the whole weiner: softcover (+ebook,bookmark,notebook,poster,shirt, 3other books). $145 - the hard weiner: hardcover (+ebook,bookmark,notebook,poster,shirt, 3other books). difference: $40 so, softcover=20 and hardcover=60? do you see why people get confused if they either get an *extra* hardcover for 40, or upgrade the one in the pack? it's either: -you can add $20 to your pledge for an extra softcover. -you can add $40 to your pledge for an extra hardcover. -you can add $20 to your pledge to upgrade a softcover to a hardcover. or -you can add $20 to your pledge for an extra softcover. -you can add $60 to your pledge for an extra hardcover. -you can add $40 to your pledge to upgrade a softcover to a hardcover. which one is it? 28 hours to go... :)
arthur: if you already donated $20 for a soft cover, donate another $20 (for a total of $40) and change your reward to the hardcover edition.
how did i not know about this until it was almost too late. oh well better late than never, just glad that i was able to contribute to this awesome comic.
it would be awesome if there was a "library" pack of four signed books without the poster/shirt/etc.
i'd love a signed hc + a copy of the most dangerous game (winces that's the only other smbc book i don't own) a little help for those of us who don't want to drop >$100?
upgraded to hardcover. ^^ yep, signed hardcovers at the $40/$45 level would be very, very nice but i don't see it happen.
added $40 for hardcover and i'm not sure i sent the message correctly, so posting here. also, just 2500 dollars more to the next goal!
i pledged $20 for the bedrock. if i want the hardcover and nothing else (no ebooks, or other goodies), how much should i add to my pledge?
43 hours to go, and still no response on how the hardcover thing actually works (does $40 upgrade a softcover to hardcover? does $40 give you an extra hardcover? what about them being signed or not? what about the multi-nerd pack?)... i'm not gonna shell out $40 or more until i get some answers, and there are many like me. it's almost as if zach doesn't want to reach the new stretch goals...
my lab is the in the us department of time travel in the year 2284. i just figured i'd give you some money while i was visiting. oh, i should warn you. don't be on the corner of 3rd and fairfax in los angeles on september 24th... the traffic is going to be awful. btw, this book will change everything! everything!
so if i want a shirt and a hardcover i have to change my pledge to $100?  bummer.
40$ added for hardcover
i have no idea about how to send amessage w/o actually starting a complaint. ;) but 40$ added for hardcover.
i tried to send a message through kickstarter regarding the hard cover - anyway, i have added $40 to the pledge.
my lab is the lyme disease research group lab at the university of new haven, connecticut.
not that i want the project to fall short of weiner's wildest dreams, but i think $400k might be a bit too ambitious.
my lab studies emerging viral diseases. we're not allowed to take our work home with us.
$410. we are so close, i can already taste the hardcovers. i sort of hope that even more stuff will be unlocked, but i doubt it.
come on guys! we got death star, and you know we got it!
$250,000 is so close i can taste it. and it tastes like science!
just upped my pledge from $35 to $75 - let's get to $250,000! if everyone upped their pledge by $3.75 we'd be there, easy.
we're getting to jupiter!
$225k whoopee
my lab is the wallenberg wood science center at the royal institute of technology in stockholm, sweden.
my lab is a student computer lab where we teach how the internet can be used for good.  your comic hasn't come up. the original science stories will, of course! this is my first-backed project, or perhaps the first person i've decided to kick.  i think i prefer the phrasing of the latter.
wish i could back more, but it was an expensive sales/discounts month in belgium, many birthdays, new lunar year, other expenses :3
my lab is studying wolf spider behavioral response to pheromones and desiccation.
what fundraising level will color in the map x's for the 175k and 200k levels?
i've been following smbc for so many years and without ever paying anything... now i think zach deserves some of my money!
my lab is in my pants.
my lab is the fisheries and wildlife department at oregon state university
i do work in the smart lab at the cyber academy
my lab is my basement.
i can't wait to get to 250k just so we can see what's beyond that small moon
my lab is the computer vision and systems laboratory of laval university.
my lab is the eubanks lab at texas a&m university.  bugs bugs bugs.
my lab is the chan-reynolds cognition lab at trent university!
my lab is the laboratoire d'informatique de grenoble (france).
my lab is "physikalisches institut" at the university of heidelberg, germany
my lab is dr. martic's chemistry and biochemistry lab at oakland university, where we're working on the electrochemistry of tau protein and small peptide self-assembly.
my lab is working with a small cyclotron, houghton college, ny.
my lab is the kamat lab at the university of notre dame.  because nanoparticles are huge.
my lab is experimental psychology, ghent university
my lab is the manchester maternal and fetal health research centre
my lab is the biophysics lab at the university of rhode island.
if you want to do hardcovers, you might want to drop rob balder (erfworld) a line: he had a nightmare experience doing his. (they are beautiful, though.)
my lab is cohen lab at california state university, northridge
@ harry, the t-shirt question is embedded on the home page in a faq: what t-shirt sizes will be offered? small to 2xl on american apparel sizing and at $175,000 we unlocked 10 free copies being sent to labs, chosen at random, and in order to make a selection, zach asked for submissions starting with "my lab is"
are any of these lab's able to tell me what the t-shirt size selection will be?  furthermore can someone explain to me where the lab pride parade came from?
my lab is tian lab at the university of chicago!
zach, are comics such as these going to be included in the book? http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php… http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php… http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php… and my newest favourite http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php… i particularly feel that they are closely related to the science theme, and it would be a pity not to see them there!
my lab is black and fourlegged, probably has something to do with today's comic.
my lab is the programming languages group at upenn!
my lab is always exactly what i need it to be minus one crucial piece.
my lab is the osu triplehorn insect collection in columbus, ohio!
my lab is hamburg ship model basin hsva (hamburgische schiffbau-versuchsanstalt | research and development for maritime industries because it celebrates its 100th birthday this year (1913 - 2013).
my lab is texas a&m university experimental high energy particle physics!  our "lab" is technically at cern, but we'd love to have a copy of the book for the offices here in texas!
my lab is psychologie aplliqué et étudie neurolinguistique de l'université de quebec
my lab is the uniformed services university of the health sciences  department of military emergency medicine.
my lab is the carnegie institute of washington's magellan telescopes on las campanas peak in region iv of chile (the southern end of the atacama desert), and the local office thereof in la serena, chile.
my lab is the science and engineering faculty at the queensland university of technology.
my lab is the molecular parasitology lab at the université libre de bruxelles and we study trypanosoma brucei
my lab is the institute of medical microbiology at  the justus-liebig-university in giessen. and it is awesome!
my lab is an old steel table in my basement/room with milk crate shelves full of tools and parts. less a lab more a place where old vcrs become piles of bits for fixing and making but meh. not all of us are fucking scientists. #suckitcern
my lab is "helmholtz-institut mainz" at johannes-gutenberg university mainz, germany
my lab is "lehrstuhl für genomorientierte bioinformatik" (chair of genome-orientated bioinformatics) at the technical university of munich, germany.
my lab is studying the casimir force at university of california at riverside. it's a typical windowless basement lab.
my lab is the dzero experiment @ fermi national accelerator lab!!!!
my lab is the american museum of natural history department of earth and planetary sciences.
my lab is warwick university crystallography department
i'm still a little confused about the molecule, i think as mentioned a few times already β-d-talopyrose should be right, but couldn't it be also α-l-allopyranose? my last chemistry class is a while ago, but i can't rember such redundancies in classification.
my lab is the louisiana state university disaster ecology lab and we study the ecology of highly disturbed environments using insects as model organisms.
my lab is the milky way and it is awesome!
my lab is the mullen center for applied magitech and world domination sciences,  and is currently non-existent but looking for funding! :-d our motto is "any sufficiently analyzed magic is indistinguishable from technology."
my lab is the pilon molecular plant biology lab at csu.  we genetically engineer tress and plants and study their heavy metal homeostasis.  now to get back to writing my thesis....
my lab is the burdick robotics lab at caltech. we're making robots that can walk around, use a chainsaw, and even hop in a car and drive it as part of the darpa robotics challenge!
my lab is using microfluidics to elucidate single-cell genomics and clonal selection.
my lab is collecting and testing mosquitoes for west nile virus in southern california.
my lab is the london geochronology centre at ucl/birkbeck college. we shoot rocks with lasers, play with 10000k hot plasma and vacuum and all kinds of unhealthy chemicals. we build machinery and write software. we even sometimes hit things with a hammer. all in order to make the rocks tell us how old they are.
my lab is - burge at mit
my lab is smashing - the andreoiu group at sfu uses the cyclotron at triumf to analyse reactions between high-energy protons and metals like uranium. after exposing the targets to the beam for several hours, we collect the emitted alpha particles to try to determine the daughter nuclei present.
my lab is dr. david mills' lab at uc davis (heard of it, mr. weinersmith?). we study how human milk is processed by probiotic bacteria in the infant gut, and how we may promote the growth of these bacteria even in the absence of human milk.
my lab is central analytical labs in new orleans, la.  we do safety testing on food going into and coming out of the us.
my lab is studying the process of producing and purifying monoclonal antibodies to treat a variety of diseases. we work for a biopharmaceutical company and are developing both clinical and commercial products.
my lab is studying gene expression regulation to try and figure out why stuff happens. and we're in saclay, france.
my lab is simulating the effects of full automatization (ie drones and autopilots) on the general civil aviation air traffic management system. we have fun making 30 000 flights a day not end up in a giant fireball over europe.
my lab is studying embryonic pancreas development in mammals.
my lab is using electrocatalysis to make alternative energy sources possible.  (also, the molecule earlier was a derivative of dopamine. seriously? you had to go with the one everyone goes with. this is the first time i can say a weiner has disappointed me.)
my lab is the solar research observatory at the coca-cola space science center. we do what everyone told us not to do and stare at the sun for hours!
my lab is under a huge hurrican in la réunion island
my lab is the nondestructive evaluation and robotics lab at william and mary. not blowing things up, in the name of science!
my lab is the jmtc materials science lab at the rock island arsenal.
my lab is cern  (specifically the atlas experiment)
my lab is the lab for "molecular biotechnology and functional genomics" at the technical university wildau, germany.
my lab is the ellner lab at cornell university!  we do ecological and evolutionary modeling, especially rapid evolution.
my lab is the wolfner lab at cornell university!  we study seminal fluid proteins....who doesn't!
my lab is celerion, switzerland
my lab is stinky, filthy, probably dangerously radioactive, and totally awesome. it's the mcneill lab!
i think it's impressive that of the $531k in live dollars in the comics category, this kickstarter has $173k. this campaign alone has almost 1/3 of all comic dollars.
i think the shown molecule from the video is called glucopyranose.
poor zach, having to draw maps and all ...
ooops! i didn't see mathew mitchniks comment, he got it before brian bill did.
i wish to rescind my guess. the molecule is not galactose. after closer inspection, all of the oh groups are on the --same-- side of the molecule (i had to rewatch the video a few times to be sure), as in beta d talose, also called beta d talopyranose. the first person to guess the correct stereo isomer was brian bill.
i love the comic and am glad i can help out!
so, what's the big event when the kickstarter passes 10x funding soon? seing this campaign go so strong already at the start some big stretch goal like 'produce a second volume @ 500k' might be a good idea. :)
the molecule at the end of the video is "β - d - talose" if i'm not mistaken. took a while to get from "i swear that's sugar" and through "16!?! aldohexose stereoisomers... really".  tricky mr. weiner.  i wonder if its sweet and to what degree its edible... assuming one synthesises some.
love smbc, was going to ask if there was some way to get trial of the clone ebook as well for a bit more... then saw the latest update. will be upping pledge more a bit later. keep up the awesome work on smbc zachary.
which is awesome.
@kyle rothfus it means that everyone will get "science: ruining everything since 1543", "save yourself mammal", "most dangerous game" and "trial of the clone" as ebooks. all of them. \o/
you say that at $150k everyone gets the ebook? what does that mean exactly?
the $3000 pledge pulled, it's like watching the godus kickstarter all over again.
i'd like to add to the call for a tier for just the three smbc books - the jump from $25 to $75 (as well as the extra $10 for shipping) for the second book is a bit much.
new land should be mordor.
field of psychedelic mushrooms!
i suggest next land should be sky fortresses and/or sky islands.
next land should be volcanic, with lava flows.
i should not be surprised how fast this blew through every goal.
i'm considering upgrading my pledge can you list the available shirt sizes?  could made in usa or organic be an option for a bit more?
it does, i'm wrong lol.
beta-d-galactose is incorrect. it would have an oxygen bridge. not sure what it's non-iupac name would be. toluenol maybe? mostly made that up.
that bookmark better have api gravity on it.
the third down in the left column of this image http://i.imgur.com/uueaalc.gif - did science ruin the sims?
watching the progress on the map is like playing a video-game. . .definitely the most entertaining book pre-order i've ever placed!  you, sir weiner, are a gentleman and a scholar
beta-d-galactose to be precise.
the molecule is galactose.
while the resolution of the video is too low to be certain, the molecule he pointed to is most likely an ethylene chain. zach, is there any chance you would be willing to reshoot with a sem?
great project, i love to see the going up. the molecule is α-d-allopyranose.
has somebody already guessed the molecule?  if not, it's beta d-talopyranose. well, i suppose it's beta d-talopyranose even if somebody has already guessed it...not a conditional molecule.
zach, can you ship to apo/fpo, and if so, should i pay extra?
can you please add a new pledge to get all the books, but none of the extras (no bookmark, poster, shirt or notebook)?
there, another sucker for the 75$ one. if there would be another, higher, tier of multi-nerd, i'd take that. zach? great to see how quickly this is getting pledges. and fun to see the nerd behind the comics. next stretch goal: we find out the girl behind the nerd behind the comic? ;)
i gave $79 dollars.  does that make me a gold contributor? ... *whistles innocently* (congratulations on the ridiculously fast rocket past your requested funding)
had to change my pledge to $42 since i realized that's what was needed to his 120k.
whoever took the $3000 pledge, you are fantastic person and i can't wait to see who you bring in for another story!
i upgraded from the $30 pledge to the $60 because i wanna see more updates! the updates are making me so dam happy!
i'd also really like to see a $30 tier including a signature - but i can also completely understand that you are less than enthusiastic about signing-induced blisters. :p
@gabriel fernandez: if kickstarter hasn't changed anything without announcing it, international shippment costs are still considered regular pledge amount. (i think it could be a bit confusing having two seperate totals - and if international shipping costs doesn't count, national shipping also shouldn't count)
it is quite funny how continuously happy this pledge is making. not just for zachary, who will probably be able to dedicate himself to the comics for the foreseeable future when this all ends. or not: if the money continue to grow exponentially like it has been growing on the past two days, by the end of february zach will be able to buy two or three major american banks, one or two small european countries and the whole of africa. but i was saying, it makes me extremely happy to see this process working and to be able to contribute to someone who has been making laugh daily, for free, for a long time now (and someone that even apologizes when the free daily comic is updated later than usual).
i got a doubt,   does the extra money we pay for international shipping count in the pledged total?
your bookmark doesn't have scruples. how can you do weight conversion without scruples?
i love smbc. in for $1 but i'll definitely be upping closer to the end when i see what i can afford.
i hope you're working on the next map.
is the molecule in the video glucose?
since (for some reason i can't understand), you don't want to sign thousands of copies of this book, we're getting back at you by making you draw a bunch of maps. bwahahaha!
$100k in 26 hours!  this is going to be a great book! i am sad to see that the progress points are spaced at $10k now instead of $5k.  from a mathematical standpoint, don't donations decay along an exponential (or possibly sigmoidal) curve from t=0? that is, wouldn't you want larger gaps between funding goals at the beginning, and smaller gaps later when donations are flowing in more slowly? it is hard to believe that someone as imaginative as zach is out of ideas for new content, especially when there are so many untold science stories and under-appreciated scientists in the world.  :-)
loved the comic for years and have always meant to support, so now this gives me a chance to throw money at you! have money!
$100 000!!! freakin' awesome!!!
awesome project! and the molecule is allose. if i remember correctly it's allopyranose in that specific ring form.
by darwins beard! science nerds seem to love zachary weiner. impossible stretch goal idea, if we get enough money, send a copy of the book to the international space station!
you and me both, thomas. though, i'm really more of an xkcd person.
i still can't believe how quick this project funded.  i'm a huge fan of smbc and science and can't wait for the book!
i wonder how long zach can keep adding new extras.  28 days is a lot more extras to come up with :) it's going to be fun
@aaron c - me too, man. couldn't have picked a better first project to support!
this is the first kickstarter i have ever donated too, and i couldn't be more happy and excited for this project!
i can't wait to see how high this goes. 100,000 in the first day (it's not there yet but it'll get there) is crazy.
and to think it's not even past the first day yet.
i really wonder how far this will go :d nice to see "one of us" gets some money, and also that some "of us" have money to spend xd hail to all of the geeks and especially physicists out there ;)
added an extra dollar to my pledge, because you deserve it.
seems you might need a third map ;)
i'm so glad to see this thing just sprung to life over night (i'm in eu).  i have a feeling you still have some stretch goals left here.  happy comicing!
funded 2k$ just while i was reading the updates, this is a bit insane. you  have a lot of love out there weiner, a lot of love!
what are the t-shirt sizes available?
this has been crazy, last time i checked we were still onder 10k o.o
will the book include the voteys?
there will be a huge amount of updates if there will be another one for every $5k. :d
it's strange how fun it is watching those numbers roll up even when it isn't my baby.
i bet you're regretting making the stretch goals every 5k now... don't worry, it'll calm down in a day or so.
day one, and 300% funded, with 8 stretch goals already reached?  i think you're going to need a few more maps.
just backed!
60k! awesome!
you should totally make your third map kids playing "the floor is lava" which, as we all know, is the best game of all time.
oh, typo: 90k comes before 85k on the new map. :-/
α-d-glucose it is! congrats on the super-successful project! next time don't be so shy and set the goal to $75.000, just to have a challenge.
btw, if these came in hardcover at all...i'm sure more than just i would be interested :p (esp. without all the other "fluff" of physical goods)
$50k in 7 hours w0000t!  bring it back to the bottom of the map!
annnnnnnnd... 50 000 dollars ! next map please, zach ! (and congratulations to all backers ! it's just awesome !)
i can totally understand that but my inter-bibliophile demands signed copies, so i'll be having the whole weiner please. awesome work, onwards to science!
zach, keep up the good work. your success is driven by the quality of your work, not the quality of your marketing.
bingo, ian. bingo.
if i could draw, which i can't, i'd draw zack's head exploding! unless it fizzles fast this will be over $50k by the end of the first day.
i think zach's cautious of offering signings so low after all the books he had to do for totc.
blummin' heck, i look away for a few hours and it goes from like 200 backers to over a thousand...
there should be an choice for a signed book before the multi-nerd pack, i want one but don't need 3 of them :) 40k now
$40k!  double the original goal ($40k vs $20k) in about 5.5 hours. that's money you can take to the... science bank?
35k broken :) every time i refresh, you're about $150 up on last time xd
30k broken!
shut up and take my money... for science!
25k?  sure.  why not hit that goal too! also, just to start a fight: based on the orientation i'm seeing:  (2r,3s,4s,5r,6r)-6-(hydroxymethyl)oxane-2,3,4,5-tetrol.
wooooooooooooooo! take that unicorns! in your face!
daaaaaaaamn, the $3000 pledge is very tempting! too bad i'm $3000 short :( congrats on how quickly you reached your goal!
i'm the mother flippin', sci-nocerous.
ain't no party like a science themed party.  hey...  ho...
that's brilliant!!! great work :d
20k reached.
goooooooooaaaaaaallllllllll!!!
congratulations ! funded in less than three hours (if kicktraq is right) i don't know if it's a record or not, but, sir weiner, you win the internet !
at 50k, you enter the next map...
holy crap. i step away from the computer for 30 minutes and we're already way past 15k. update shortly!
zach, clearly you forgot to switch to log scale when plotting stretch goals. too late now though.
at this point, it'll be 20k before the 15k milestone update. :d
i'm waiting with bated breath to see what the $15k mark holds!
15k :)
wow!  you're zooming through this.  i can't wait to see the book!  (btw, i think that anyone who tells all of their nerdy friends to fund you on facebook should get a free signature :) )
10k reached.
zach, you may need to answer that "past 50000" question very, very soon. anyway, you're all set to hit the goal in the first day.
i ask the question so you don't have to answer it when it will happen in one hour, but mister weiner, what are the stretch goals beyond 50 000 dollars ? ps : excuse my (possibly) poor grammar, i'm french.
for non-us backers, you just need to add the international shipping, which is listed per item.
question: will you be shipping outside usa with the 20$ pledge or do we add extra for that?
i would like an extra notebooks.  can i add some extra money to my pledge for an extra notebook?
dang it, i didn't comment glucose fast enough! good luck with the project :)
the molecule in the video is glucose, specifically α-d-glucopyranose
more precisely, β-d-talopyranose
molecule looks like hexopyranose, can't wait to see it
