...dvd arrived; thanks!
still waiting for my dvd.
i watched on netflix too - excellent work - totally unexpected ending.
i just saw this film on netflix. glad i backed. well done guys.
it was worth the wait to see the blu ray.
hey guys, we'll send you emails to work it out! if anyone else needs information please email us at info@anhonestliar.com - thanks!
i have the same question as dave. i live in malaysia. i've asked for the card deck to be delivered together with the disc to save cost. now i only got the disc. i have a friend on a business trip to ny now. perhaps can send to her current address now instead of malaysia.
just received my disc in australia. it was well worth the wait! great work all round. what's the deal with the remaining rewards ie the coasters? are they being sent separately?
i haven't received my hard copy of the film yet � should i have?
ok, for anyone who wants to have the dvd or blu ray in a full-sized plastic case, here are the official cover graphics. download, print, and insert into plastic covers! dvd: http://goo.gl/v9v1tv blu ray: http://goo.gl/kizki1
thanks phil, that's nice to hear! we understand - few folks probably know how much work went into our kickstarter campaign and all the rewards, all the design, manufacturing, communication, etc. not to mention 3 plus years of the challenging work of making a complex and ambitious film. in the end, we are proud of what we've achieved with our backers help and hope everyone else is too. we have gotten a lot of kind words and they are very much appreciated. we hope people know that so many kickstarter campaigns a) fail to reach their goal, b) reach their goal but don't end up creating what they set out to or delivering any rewards or c) create something that is disappointing for everyone. while there may have been a few bumps along the way, we've achieved everything we set out to, delivered everything we promised, and made a highly regarded film helping to introduce people to and ensure the legacy of a truly important man. of course it's almost impossible to please everyone, so a decision that might be right for many people (like avoiding a plastic case) might not be right for everyone. we still do whatever we can to make things right when things like that happen. as long as people are understanding and kind, it's all good!
thanks, and thank you for making the movie. i know we have been a bunch of grumpy whining sods but i know i am ultimately happy to have been a part of the process. room for improvement with communication if there is a next time, but the documentary itself is a fantastic piece of artwork.  hats off to you guys for pulling it all off.
ok, here's a cover insert for a full-sized blu ray plastic case! this seems to be the official blu ray size, but if you have a problem let us know! (dvd cover insert will follow in a few days.) you can download the image from here: http://goo.gl/kizki1
i too was disappointed that this didn't come in a plastic sleeve, but considering the guys have stated that they are financially worse off now than before they started, at least they came in a printed sleeve at all. yes please to some artwork we can print out. it's not ideal, but it's better than nothing. please take into account that dvd and blu-ray have different form factors for the sleeves and that we operate with a different "spine width" for blu-ray in many international countries (uk blu-ray come in the same packaging as ps3 etc. games.)  thanks.  phil.
kirk - we totally understand. that did occur to us, and we were on the fence about it! we made the decision based on the environmental impact and also space considerations (those take up tons more space, especially if you're dealing with thousands!) however - those standard plastic cases are easy to come by, so if anyone would like - you & adele and anyone else, we would be happy to send a redesigned official dvd or bluray cover graphic specifically made to fit those cases. you can print that and inserted into the outside clear plastic and display with your other dvds that way. we promise it will look great and professional!
i get what adele is saying.  many of us would like to proudly display this movie and randi's name on our shelf.  movies purchased, traditionally, come with a box that allows for this.  it would have been nice...
adele,  we chose to use less wasteful recyclable paper sleeves rather than the plastic cases for environmental reasons. the plastic cases are actually cheaper than paper sleeves, believe it or not. if your copy was damaged in shipping, we'd be happy to replace it. best, the ahl team
well i received my disc today - what a shame it's in a cheap and nasty bent and battered cardboard slip case rather than the solid dvd/bluray case i really was expecting.  i've got to say i'm seriously disappointed with this - i was expecting a good dvd that could sit on my shelf along with all my others, not something that looks like i got it free of the back of a sunday newspaper and will disappear down the back of the shelf at a moments notice. poor show on the final polish, poor show
thank you got the blu-ray!
got my blu ray disc today. going to watch it tonight!
arrived atlanta, ga 7/6
received my blu ray copy in the mail today! thank you!
discs are in the mail now!
i thought the discs were going to be sent out by june 5. what is the current status?
so it's a year overdue and it feels like everyone in the world has seen this film before i have.  i'm not interested in watching it on a short life digital download, i want the dvd, but the value has kind of gone out of it now i've seen that the world has had the chance to watch it now.  sorry but this was the first kickstarter i backed, and it's the last to deliver.  i'm seriously unimpressed as my dvd is now likely to just land on the shelf without watching.
link for the download please ...
hi i haven't received the link for the download... can you please send it to me also ? thanks
so when are the dvd's going out?
i just watched an honest liar with a friend who knew nothing of james randi prior. after it was over, randi definitely had a new fan! thanks for the hard work that went into making this!
@thomasg: great, glad you appreciate it! @justin giroux: just send an email to info@anhonestliar.com with your new address and we'll make a note of it!
who would i contact in order to update my mailing address?  i've recently moved and pledged at the level for the physical copy and want to make sure it makes it to the right place
i just received the link for the digital download and wanted to thank you for choosing a service that allows uncomplicated drm free downloads in multiple quality variants. appreciate it!
hey flim flam, since the dvds / blu rays are going out on june 5th, i sent you my new address using the kickstarter messages. do you need anything else to confirm it?
thank you,
hey everyone - we've been busy designing the dvd and bluray and getting everything ready. we've finished cutting the dvd/br extras & extended interviews and now it's moved into the authoring and manufacturing pipeline. unless there are manufacturing delays, we hope to send the discs out by june 5! the digital download will also be delivered by that date as well. there's some fun stuff in the extras that we know you'll enjoy
can we please get an update that has your plans for fulfilling your obligations to your backers ?
when wiil the bluray be shipped?
hi guys. we've moved and need to update our address with you. sent a msg but no reply
"now in theatres" - when will the dvd be in my home ?
hey, guys. no update in a month. i know you've been super busy, but i'd like to get a timeline on when the downloads will be available.
i also didn't get a link or it was accidentally put in my spam.  could you resend me a link also?
got it.  thanks.
hey karl,  yes we send out thousands of links! sorry you fell through the cracks. been a bit busy with the theatrical release but we'll send you a screener now! best, fff
>  we sent a link to everyone ($30 donors & up) to an advanced screener has anyone here actually gotten this link?  i didn't, and flim flam never replied to my request for it after they posted that.
now that the film has been released, can we get a specific time table on when the digital downloads will be available? i don't think that's unreasonable.
hey kirk, sorry for the delay in responding. we've been quite busy arranging for our release in theaters in march & april - more info to come! our dvd & bluray will be released shortly after, though we don't have an exact date yet. since we wanted all our backers who donated for the film to see it before it comes out in theaters we sent a link to everyone ($30 donors & up) to an advanced screener with extra bonus materials - if you didn't get one, let us know! thanks, fff
crickets?!?
do you have an eta on when the blu ray will be shipped?
jj, taylor, stephen - thanks so much! so glad you enjoyed it. yes jj, i'm sure you can see this was a major production! jason & bren - yes, we've discussed this in other comments here and on our facebook page. the bbc broadcast our film - against our wishes - prior to our theatrical release. thus people in the uk (and now denmark) may have seen the broadcast - which they renamed "exposed..." (also against our wishes!) we apologized for this, that one country got the chance to see it (missing the opening credit sequence and a few cuts) before the rest of our ks backers, but unfortunately we couldn't control that. note that we did add a few unique alternate scenes to the end of the screener we sent as a bonus for our ks backers, especially for those that may have caught the film on the bbc, to get something extra. these were not broadcast or shown anywhere else. best, j & t
just finished watching the film and it was well worth the wait! i'm not a filmmaker but am a producer and can truly the appreciate the work put into this. despite the delays [i can only imagine there are numerous valid reasons why..] it was done really well. cheers, jj
@jason murphy , are you saying that the film is scene for scene the same i haven't had a chance to watch it but i hope not
so disappointed. just started watching the "special just for us screening" - my wife and i live in the uk and had watched the bbc special under a different name. didn't know it was the same film. i cannot believe that i have been waiting months to see this film to find that it was shown on uk tv ages ago. if flim flam films were not trying to be underhand, then where was the email saying - "hey guys,  here is what happened.... if you are in the uk you can watch the film on tv". not here is a special screening for something that has already been shown on tv so disappointed. at least "our magic" was something genuine. aside from the disappointment of pledging money for a download and dvd of something i could have just watched on tv and still have recorded at the moment. it was a good documentary. don't worry flim flam, i won't share the "special screener" with any of my friends  as they have all already watching it on tv!
i just finished watching the special kickstarter screening- what a terrific film!  it's been a long wait, and even a little frustrating, but it was well worth it.  you guys really did an outstanding job.  i can't wait for the full release to share it with my friends and family!
just finished watching the screener.  bravo!  this is the best documentary i've seen all year.  you did an outstanding job.  had i known you would make such a fine film, i would have backed at a higher level.  well done.
hey thanks!
hey listen! i want to watch the movie. can you guys get the stream up and running?
hey folks, just a heads up - we're close to getting the screener & bonus scenes done for you! expect it in a matter of days! best, fff
you've been very fortunate.
justin weinstein and flim flam films ran the 2nd worst kickstarter project of the 39 i backed.
hey brett, thanks for letting us know - can you point us to the bbc version on youtube? we're working on the bonus scenes now. we have to clean them them up to make them presentable and it takes some work! we're aiming to make it our holiday treat for you - as soon as we're a bit closer to finished we'll update with delivery date. thanks! fff
i believe i just saw the bbc version of this film posted on youtube. if we do get the dvds as promised, i just want to be sure that we the backers do not get blamed for posting a movie online that has already apparently been posted online. is there a timeline for delivery of the special version of the film? it has been a couple of weeks since the couple of weeks estimate.  just let us know. thanks,
crickets...
sooo... how long ya think it is gonna take then?!?
hi kirk,  we posted in a comment to our last update some information. we're now preparing a special version of the film for our backers that will include bonus material we're adding just for our supporters as a special thanks. this requires some editing and work on our part, so it may be a couple of weeks. we've been very busy with festivals (we honored to have just won best doc awards at the key west film festival and napa valley film festival!) but are now devoting our time to delivering the film to our backers. stay tuned - we'll update everyone as we progress. best, fff
any update?  i would really like to see this film someday...
>the funds we raised here were crucial to making the film and we absolutely could not have made this film without your backing. we also couldn’t have done it without raising money from other sources. listen to me very carefully.. i (i can't speak for other backers, but i think that most share the ideas i'm going to put forth here) am not upset that you sold the made for tv version to the uk. what i'm upset about is that you didn't tell us, up front, that you did this. if your page here said, "we have sold the rights to air this in the bbc when the movie comes out in the theaters." and "we just talked to the bbc and they are not going to honor our request to hold it", this would have went more smoothly for you. not asking for you to do anything unreasonable, just keep us in the loop and be honest during the pledging time. >we found out about the broadcast date only days before when we were out of town. this is a weak excuse. you couldn't take 10 mins. and write a quick update telling us what is happening?
ah where to begin... >>this is not “double-dipping” as if we’re lining our pockets with money, it’s what’s needed to complete a complex and long-term project. i can't get over this condescending tone, as if we don't understand how film-making works. i'm sure most people here understand how films are funded. the thing we are outraged by is your complete failure to inform us when we would actually get to see the film we helped to make. >>our theatrical plans took longer than expected, but they were not obligated to hold the broadcast although we hoped they would. yeah they certainly took longer than we expected. since you didn't inform us it would take priority over allowing your backers to see the film until after the project was fully funded. >>had everything gone perfectly, we would have delivered the film to you, to theaters, to itunes, and other places before the film was broadcast. i guess we'll just have to take your word for this, yeah? because, you know, you've been very honest and forthcoming with information so far, right? oh wait... >>also note that the reaction to the film has been overwhelmingly positive (well, aside from a few of our backers ;-) again, that condescending attitude. for me personally, and i'm sure many other backers, we do actually have the ability to separate this film from the creators of the film. the film is great, however flim flam films ain't. >>when we do send you the film, please help us by not posting the version we send you online. that would further compromise the future release of the film and our ability to pay off our debts. are you taking lessons in internet culture from the big american tv networks? a huge drive in piracy is the slow adoption of new technologies by old media, a lack of convenient access to entertainment. netflix understands this, and makes it incredibly easy to pay for content online. hbo does not, which is why piracy rates for shows like game of thrones are so high. by screwing over your supporters and delaying the digital release of this film, you have encouraged piracy more than you know. if you just made this film available online free for backers and at a set price for members of the public, you would have avoided so much flak, made an awful lot of money (depending on how well you marketed it online - another ama on reddit, maybe?) and all this would have have little-to-no impact on your festival run. granted it may have had some impact on a theatrical release, but you know as well as i do a niche film like this will never have a wide theatrical release anyway. online distribution would reach the films intended audience much more efficiently.
i should like add to my previous comments - it's a great film and i'm very glad it got made but there is a principal here that has been broken: if you offer backers something, however small, you should honour it. if it's been sold to tv, you should let the backers know. i felt an idiot when people told there there was a film on randi coming up on tv and i said, 'no, that's not the one i backed, don't bother with it'.
hey folks, we posted information elsewhere but are reposting here and also addressing some of your comments. much of this is inside baseball about the filmmaking process, but you should know what’s involved and understand more about the process. the cost of making a film is much greater than what can be raised on ks alone, unless perhaps you’re zach braff. spending 3+ years making a film involves the work of many talented and hardworking people and raising the entire budget requires going to many sources – grant foundations, pre-sales from broadcasters, some people even mortgage their houses, whatever it takes. the funds we raised here were crucial to making the film and we absolutely could not have made this film without your backing. we also couldn’t have done it without raising money from other sources. this is not “double-dipping” as if we’re lining our pockets with money, it’s what’s needed to complete a complex and long-term project. believe us, if we could raise the entire budget via kickstarter we would love to. we were fortunate to get some funds as advanced licensing fees from a few international broadcasters. we’re honored that they had faith in our skills and belief in our vision to make something they would want to air, even prior to seeing a completed film. that money, together with your contributions and other sources, enabled us to make the film. those sales were made long ago, and on a schedule that had us releasing the film this fall. the understanding was that the broadcasters would make a good faith effort to hold the film until after we showed it in other ways. our theatrical plans took longer than expected, but they were not obligated to hold the broadcast although we hoped they would. this is no secret, just part of the inside baseball of making a film. had everything gone perfectly, we would have delivered the film to you, to theaters, to itunes, and other places before the film was broadcast. alas, not everything is within our control. the best opportunity for us to get into theaters was in the spring rather than the fall. we found out about the broadcast date only days before when we were out of town. the broadcast and online screening was region limited to the uk, but as you know nothing stops a film from being pirated after it's been broadcast. please note that the version that was broadcast was not the full film but was edited for television. also note that the reaction to the film has been overwhelmingly positive (well, aside from a few of our backers ;-) we’ve been showing the films at festivals because that’s an important part of the promotion and publicity of a film. there are different ways to do this, but this is a standard route to get reviews, publicity, and build excitement before releasing a film to the public. the successful distribution of a film hinges on people being aware of it, but distributors generally don’t want to distribute films that everybody already has access to. there’s a reason people have to wait for a film to come out on dvd after it’s been in theaters, although there are many different models for releasing films (such as “day-and-date”). regardless of that, we wanted to get you the film before it opened wide. we certainly planned to get you the film before it broadcast and we’re sorry we didn't. your support has been crucial to us and we’ve worked hard to get out all the other rewards and to make an award-winning film that we hope will educate and touch many more people. we’ve exceeded expectations in so many ways and made a film that randi is proud of, that we are proud of, and that we hope you’ll be proud of. so we want you to see it, and to see it asap. we are now working on doing that, but also want to go above and beyond. we are working on getting you, within the next few weeks at most, a special version only for you - our backers - and no one else. we’re digging through footage to find some bonus material that won’t be in the theatrical cut or even the dvd extras. this version will be available not just to those who are due a digital download but to those who backed for a dvd or bluray too. all we ask is that you please hang on and be patient for a few more weeks. we’ve gotten to know many of you personally over the years and your friendship and moral support is also important to us. when we do send you the film, please help us by not posting the version we send you online. that would further compromise the future release of the film and our ability to pay off our debts. when you see the film we’re confident you’ll see how your donations have been put to good use and hope you’ll be proud of what we’ve achieved with your help. sincerely,   the filmmakers
unless you spent a fortune, i'd say just chill a little bit.  yes they weren't honest, yes they should have done things better.  but we did help get a good film about randi made.  i'm sure they are not sitting on a beach in the bahamas counting their money.  if you feel slighted, just don't do business with flim flam again.
(not rawr! ragey or anything, just disappointed; especially of the dismissive replies given, and that it's been three days without response from the creators. money shmoney, if my dollars made it happen at all then i'm happy; just not happy with the weirdness in not showing it to us, though selling the rights to show to potentially 60+ million people that had nothing to do with making it happen. i'm patient, so will wait the official response and all... but yeah, pretty disappointed)
"but the bbc bought this film years ago and they had a contract to show it" ...so you double-dipped, getting money from the bbc, and money from us?  ...and sold a copy of the movie to the bbc before releasing it to the people who made the project happen? ...and kept the movie from the people who made this project happen because you feared one of us would leak it to a few thousand people on the internet before it hit the festival circuit? ...but -- plot twist -- the bbc released it to tens of millions of people (all of the uk), and it ended up on the internet (bbc's portal, as well as torrents) anyway? ...is that about right? sounds like you got played. but then, so did we.
don't worry about giving us a copy of the film, flim flam. just watched it on the bbc iplayer before you provided any kind of eta at all for the loyal supporters. the film is great, but sadly there's nothing honest about the lies you've been telling to your funders and supporters since all of these festival excuses and other bs began. you should be ashamed of yourself for attaching such controversy to the name of a great man like randi.
just got an email from them... >mr. palser, bullock-palser. if you are going to say you are sorry, at least get the name right. >you are clearly unhappy about how things went with our project. indeed i am. i just think you guys are assholes for not being up front with the people who helped pay for this film. >we would like to offer you your money back. feel free to keep the books. let us know where we can mail a check. if you feel the need to refund the money, then feel free. joseph bullock-palser [address deleted] >we suggest you avoid kickstarter in the future for either raising money as you've tried to do or backing projects. the vast majority of projects fail to raise their goals, fail to deliver entirely even if funded, fail to deliver what they promised, or deliver what they promised late. you are destined to be angry and disappointed. fuck you. you just like to keep pissing off your backers. don't you?
also, what happened to "special, members-only access to a password protected private section of the film's web site with unique, frequently updated behind-the-scenes content and clips as well as a page with a video thank-you message to donors from randi, plus all of the above!"
"we are working to resolve this, but the bbc bought this film years ago" then you should have told us that when you made this project. that's not any type of excuse assholes.
very pissed off. the film was on bbc under a different title so i missed it. ok, it's on iplayer, but this doesn't seem within the kickstarter spirit. no 'warm and fuzzy feeling' to quote from your site. and this also kills the argument about 'not real easing it to kickstarters to avoid pirating. i am a filmmaker myself and i think this sort of approach fucks it up for other filmmakers thinking of using kickstarter for their own projects (as i was a contemplating using ks - i'm not any more). it destroys the credibility of the whole operation.
this just posted to facebook: for all of those upset and calling this a scam and accusing us of thievery, please standby for more information. we are working to resolve this, but the bbc bought this film years ago and they had a contract to show it, despite our efforts to delay the broadcast. we are sorry you are out a few dollars, but frankly, this might cost us a great deal of money and hurt the chances of the film seeing the worldwide audience it deserves. so please, we ask you to not accuse and be patient.
https://thepiratebay.se/torrent/11365953/bbc_storyville_2014_exposed_magicians_psychics_and_frauds_720p_x
i do feel like i certainly got my money's worth from the investment, with a deck of cards and hopefully a good film produced about one of my heroes. but shame this whole thing couldn't have been run more professionally.  i will hold out further judgement until i hear a response from the producers.
this is a bit unnerving. can we get an answer about this version shown on the bbc, flimflam?
and btw: " thank you all for your support and understanding." we don't support this money grabbing behavior nor do we "understand".
what a joke.  i am dissappointed in these guys.  it is too bad such a great person as james randi got involved with them.  i feel used and utterly unappreciated.
i was a bit  annoyed before but thought there trying to make a business for themselves but now i see it on bbc i am utterly disappointed, may i suggest people comment on there facebook page  https://www.facebook.com/anhonestliardoc as they seem to be getting nothing but positive comments on it with the average person unaware of the trickery of the film makers
i'm struggling to understand what i've just watched on tv.  after having been told that the film now won't be delivered to backers as agreed because of pressure from the distributors, i've watched what appears to be a 1 hour 25 minute cut of the movie on bbc4, a terrestrial television channel here in the uk.  so, i can't have a digital download until march because i might throw it on the pirate bay or something, but the film is shown for free on television?  meanwhile, not a word from the producers.  utterly astonishing that the backers have been so badly treated yet again.
bbc4 tonight, for viewers in the uk. http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b04ndsb3
john, i think that's the general idea...  make all of us backers pay for the damned thing twice...  :-(
we should have known; it was in the title!  by spring, most of us will have already seen it.
that's a fascinating perspective, timm.
from the latest (october 20th) update: "it’s possible that a certain percentage of our backers are less concerned with the bigger picture and will be upset at the delay." this is possibly the most insulting thing i have ever read in any kickstarter update about the people who helped get a project funded ever. many people who contribute to project don't understand that they aren't buying something, but that they are investing in a project that may never produce results.  i have personally backed at least two projects that never delivered finished products. that is the risks of 'investing'. but this project has produced a film that is being shopped around at the festivals, with little to no reports of when it was going to be available to the original investors. now when those investors complain that they would like an update about when they might perchance be able to see the thing they invested in, they get insulted. such a shame.
i prefer to leave comments here rather than with the updates that trigger them. thanks for the really good explanation of the delay, with which i feel fine.
hey dan & everyone - so sorry for the delay. we've been working hard and traveling almost all the time to promote the film. we're about to send an update in the next few days to let everyone know where things are and what to expect! best, the honest liar team
an update would be appreciated.  if the october delivery date for digital downloads will not be met (as i suspect is the case) then i think it would only be fair to make people aware so they can manage their expectations.  there's been no update since august, the special "frequently updated" members-only page hasn't had anything added to it in almost a year, and i'm sure there are a lot of people who'd just like to know what's going on.  pledges were made in good faith and it's disappointing that the only real news we seem to see is about all the other people that are getting to see the film before the backers.
any update on the release of the film for the backers? it has been quite a while since the last update.
any update on the digital download for backers?  we're now in october, the promised delivery date, and i'm champing at the bit!
looked through kickstarters today and also noted that there seemingly still there is no access to the digital download? looking back i once had a login on the honest liar site to check member clips but the member login download is gone ? so what is the plan here exactly ? and where did the member section go?
oh cool, looking forward to the bluray arriving into my postbox.
awesome! thanks for the update, flim flam.
hey folks! here's an update on what's happening with the film. we've been very busy doing behind-the-scenes stuff. that includes some editing of the film (to fix a few things because we're perfectionists) and finishing legal and licensing issues. luckily, after much negotiation we managed to license all the footage in the festival version, so nothing will be cut for the theatrical or dvd! we are also editing a few versions for international broadcasters. the film won't broadcast on tv until after the theatrical release, but we have to deliver it to our broadcasters to get some much needed $! for the international broadcasters and our dvd we've had to produce closed-captions and subtitles. we did the english subs ourselves, are having french and russian subs done by partners, and a very generous supporter who works as a translator is doing spanish subs for us. anyone out there fluent in dutch or brazilian-portuguese? we need to make those too! once we've finished the edits/audio mixing/delivery of the various versions (theatrical, us broadcast, international broadcast, etc.) we'll move on to cutting the dvd extras. we've also been continuing the festival circuit to get the film exposure and accolades. for upcoming screenings keep your eye on our website & facebook page (on thurs aug 27 there's a screening in nyc!) we've also been putting a lot of effort into organizing our theatrical distribution. we wanted to make sure the film got out in the best way possible, and instead of going with the quickest/easiest but not-so-good possibilities we are working harder to put together a better more effective way to get the film into theaters. it's taken longer than we expected to work this out, but we're close to finalizing this - there are a lot of moving parts! since the dvd production is part of the theatrical distribution package, after we finalize our distribution we'll have more information on a theatrical / dvd timeline. while it might seem quiet we're very busy and working hard. to maximize funds available to distribute the film we've been doing all this full-time without taking any pay ourselves. luckily we are surviving on beer and chips, but we're running low... regards, the flim flam team
hey flim flam, i think it's time for an update on the release of the film. everyone who hasn't seen it yet is dying to get their copy!
hey flim flam, i think it's time for an update on the release of the film. everyone who hasn't seen it yet is dying to get there copy!
does anyone have a status update on when / if the dvds will get delivered?
so..... what's the deal?
any update on delivery dates for the dvds?
thanks for the transparency and clarification on the distribution. it's what we wanted.
wow! some of the backers are really coming off as jerks. my reaction to the news was, "amazing! a kickstarter project i backed was actually completed on schedule. and how wonderful that it is good enough to win awards at film festivals against huge competition." instead i see entitled individuals complaining that they didn't get to see it first. so what? we didn't buy this film - we backed its production. because the producers are grateful for our support, they are sending us rewards such as prints of the film including additional commentary and other features. they are meeting the schedule they promised. they have made an excellent film that is winning awards. they have justified our trust in them (trusting a group named "flim flam" was quite a stretch!) and are delivering what they promised. be happy, not jealous and greedy!
thank you for the clarifications in your latest update.
while i think it's a little annoying the film is done and we haven't yet had the opportunity to watch it, the promised distribution date on the rewards wasn't until fall. as long as they meet that date i'll be happy. i'm hopeful it'll be worth the wait.
can the "film festival" version be posted to a secured password site where us "investors" can view the festival version prior to official distribution?
bryan & anyone else wondering, we posted much of this information in a comment to our last update, so maybe you didn't see it. we will include it in the next update that goes out to everyone. for those who are wondering about why we are showing the film in festivals before delivering a digital download/dvd of the film to our backers who donated for them: 1) we have not yet completed the film in a form we are able to legally distribute. the film festival version has music & archival licensed only for festival use and not other types of distribution. we cannot legally provide a digital download or dvds of the film until it's revised for general distribution with certain changes made. they are not major changes, but are legally necessary. 2) the dvd's / blu-rays will have extras - deleted scenes, added materials, etc. that take time to compile and refine. our goal was to first finish the film itself for the premiere, and after that to return to make the extras. 3) the estimated delivery we listed on our kickstarter page for the dvd's and digital downloads is not until the fall, when we've had a chance to revise the cut as noted above and make the extras. we are on schedule to deliver when we said we would. 4) a limited film festival run is necessary to help us get distribution for the film, in order for everyone to be able to see it. we do not earn money showing the film at festivals - quite the contrary, it costs us money to do. but it is the most important way to get distribution for an indie doc - and the goal was to make a film that ultimately everyone can see - not just our backers. 4) tam - the james randi educational foundation (jref) gave us permission to make the film about randi. they did not have any say in the making of the film nor were they involved in funding it, but were cooperative and helpful in allowing us to make it. as a gesture of thanks (we filmed at the last 2 tams) we are providing the film to them to screen at tam this year. they are using the screenings for fundraising purposes to further randi's educational programs. since many people who attend tam supported us on kickstarter, we wanted to make sure they didn't have to pay again to see the film if they had already donated for a copy. we thank you for your understanding. best, the honest liar team
you just don't understand, kirk! they are showing the public the "festival cut®" of the film. if you already pledged some of the $246,989 that went to making this documentary possible, you are not ready to see it yet. the "festival cut®" is so bad you might go blind watching it! the "kickstarter cut™®", which will be released on dvd and blu ray roughly 9 months after the "festival cut®", will be so good that you will never want to watch another movie again! because you already spent money on this project doesn't mean you get to see both versions. after all, a baby is made in 9 months, just like the "kickstarter cut™®" of the film. are you a baby, kirk? if you want to see what your money paid for, then just get a plane ticket to vegas, rent a hotel room, buy a ticket to tam, and we will let you into a screening of the movie for free*! what a savings**! they are basically giving this away***! "you will be the first to get the film before it's available to anyone else!"**** in no way should you interpret this as "flim flam films®©™" showing other people the movie you paid for, because remember: the "festival cut®" is only good enough to get them that sweet, sweet distribution money. mmmm... distribution.... just remember to wait for the "kickstarter cut™®" of the movie, coming this fall to a mail box near you! also, it will probably be on "netflix™", "redbox™", "hulu plus™" and "comcast ™©®" cable television by that time as well (if the distribution company deems it profitable. you know how they can be. lol!). in short, you do not have the authority to question "flim flam films®©™" ltd. do you think just because you paid for something you have the right to see it?! wake up! * the use of the word "free" in this promotional material implies a definition of "free" that fluctuates based on human observation. ** savings may or may not be as advertised. *** nothing is being given away in this offer and all material purchased is subject to change at the discretion of makers, whereas those who funded said project are deemed to have no ownership of said product. **** "availability" in this sense is defined as physical ownership of a disc and is not to be defined as actually viewing this film, because if you defined "availability" in literally any other way then they would be charging the public a ticket fee to watch a movie which was funded by people it is not yet "available" to.
are you serious?!?  it is available at tam but not to us until the fall?!?
hey everyone! we're going to send an update shortly. we've been crazy busy finishing the film and then showing it at tribeca & hot docs. the reactions to the film have been fabulous, and we're really excited to get the the film to everyone who donated for it and the wider public. first, right now we have a festival cut of the film that is not licensed for home distribution. we have to make a few changes before we can make dvd's and digital downloads. we're on schedule to deliver the film to our kickstarter backers in the early fall as we promised. you will be the first to get the film before it's available to anyone else! the only exception to that is festival screenings, which we need to do to get reviews and get distribution. to bryan - any pirating of the film will end up getting out, and end up hurting the sales of dvd's and downloads - which we desperately need to pay off the debt we're in from making the film! we've had many of our kickstarter backers come to the screenings and we're thrilled to meet everyone. check our facebook page (www.facebook.com/anhonestliardoc) and our website for updates on future screenings. on our website you'll see screening information for the san francisco docfest, the sheffield (uk) doc/fest, and soon dates for the nantucket film festival and more. also - we will be screening the film at tam 2014 - the annual amazing meeting in las vegas. any of our backers who donated to receive the film and who are attending tam will be able to get a free pass to see the film! thanks again to everyone - an email update with more info will be coming soon! best, the honest liar team
hypothetically speaking: perhaps some person went into a screening of this film and happened to record it with an undiscovered recording device. let's assume that this person then posted a password protected torrent of this bootleg copy onto a well known torrent distribution site. as long as that hypothetical person only gave out the password to kickstarter backers, it would be fine as those persons have legally purchased this film already, correct?
last update was a month ago.  the premier was several weeks back.  are they bluray discs shipping soon? thanks
when does the bluray disk ship?
i saw the premiere last night and i was really pleased with the movie.  i think everyone is going to be thrilled.  there's one point at the end of the film where you will briefly doubt the filmmakers' judgement.  don't worry, it turns out alright at the end!
hey guys, fellow brooklynite here. i am going to keep trying to get tickets to sunday's show tomorrow if amex holders don't steal all of the seats. i will be travelling for easter and would love to share the finished film with my loved ones if the download will be available. please let me know. jay in cobble hill
just got an email asking for my vote for project of the year.. sorry.. i don't vote for things i never saw. really.... you should have shown the video to the people who paid for it instead of saying, "come to where we are showing it to see it". yes, i know you might not be able to release it to the public in order to qualify for the awards... but not showing it to the people who paid for it first (which i'm positive is allowed) is kind of a scummy move.
i don't think 'slaving' is the appropriate word for your hard work on this.
haven't received cards or coasters. my information i provided is correct after i double checked my response. if anyone could get back to me with some information that would be fantastic, i am hoping my dvd arrives safe and sound because i am quite excited for it.
why haven't i received my coasters?
hi flimflam any official updates?
any new developments ?
hello, flim flam! is there any update to be had before the new year on the film's progress? looking forward to seeing it in 2014.
just received my cards there pretty awesome :d
i got my cards! thanks!!
will we get copies of the film as soon as soon as it's complete, or are you taking it to festivals first? i sure hope we get our copies as soon as it's done because 1) i'm super excited to see the finished product and 2) it's only fair since we funded this thing. thanks.
hey everyone! so - we've been working for months to get everything out, and most people should have gotten their rewards by now, but the last batch of items is packed and awaiting pickup from the post office! that should happen within the next few days (they have not been very reliable...) and then everyone should have their rewards within a week or so, depending on the mailing time. so if you haven't gotten your deck or coasters or whatever reward you are due within 2 weeks, please let us know. we will have tracking numbers so we can check individual shipments. also, please be aware that we are not shipping dvd's, blurays, or digital downloads yet because we are still finishing the film!!! the movie poster will also ship only after the film is completed. there are still limited quantities of rewards available - decks, coasters, posters, etc - through our website, http://www.anhonestliar.com/contribute.html  we're glad so many people have said such nice things about the deck and coasters! we are hoping to have news in the next few months about festival premieres and will keep you updated on that. thanks so much to everyone for your enthusiasm and support for getting the film made! we'll be updating our member page and facebook page soon as well. best, the flim flam team
hey just checking in regarding the amazing deck since i have yet to receive it. i know you guys commented back on sept 18th that it would be a while due to one person working on it and i want you to know i'm not complaining whatsoever. i just wanted to make sure in case mine some how got lost as it's been a while since that update. thanks in advance!
i just received my signed uncut amazing deck along with only 1 regular amazing deck.   wasn't everyone who pledged $95 or more supposed to get an extra amazing deck?
hello ! i've now received my coaster ! it's really a nice one ! i love it !  however, i haven't received the amazing deck (in live in belgium but in your last mail, you said that we should receive everything at once, for international shipping). am i missing something ?  thanks and good luck with what you still have to accomplish ! :-)
just received my amazing deck. thank you very much.  part of me wants to tear into it and check out all the cards, yet part of me wants to keep it sealed and save it for posterity.  decisions, decisions. lol  again, thank you.
i donated, but have not received my amazing deck.  will i get it?
at what point do we begin to worry if we haven't received anything?
recieved my amazing deck and an "encyclopedia og claims, frauds, and hoaxes of the occult and supernatural" today! : d however i did not recieve the signed poster. suppose i can't get everything i want : p
hi, still not received my coasters have you shipped to the uk yet?
is there anyplace online to check to make sure you've got my correct address? i haven't received my "amazing deck" yet.
hey all -  the decks have been going out daily! the quantity that needs to ship takes time to get out - how ever many we can pack up each day go out. if you haven't gotten yours yet, don't worry - you will! please understand we're not a large operation and just have one person doing all the work! and - after a trip to do some filming next week - we'll start shipping the signed decks & uncut sheets! thanks so much for your patience! best, flim flam
still haven't received my deck and no update from the team.  anyone else not received theirs?
received in the uk - great items - thanks
i also recieved the amazing deck and the encyclopedia, and they're both awesome. thanks to randi and flim flam! can't wait to see the film! :)
i have also received the encyclopedia and amazing deck today! thank you very much, flim flam.
@flimflam: i just received the book and the cards. awesome work folks!
can we get an update on the cards?  it appears they should have been shipped by now.
@milla - i think you have to send them an email.  see which pledge tier you're in?  click on "your response" to the "survey" (where you wrote your address) and send them a message.  it might be too late for the decks and coasters, but there might still be time to change your address for the other things.
hey guys! i know my address is not current, but i can't find any way to update it... any help here?
hi flim flam. that's great news! if the card decks are ready and will go out next week and you're working on the custom forms, does that mean that rewards for international customers are definitely, positively going out next week?
hey everyone! here's an update - we've been work hard to figure out all the international customs forms (what a pain) to send the international shipments. in the meantime - the amazing decks are ready! we should be getting them early next week, and now we'll be able to send decks to all who opted for them, including all our international backers who will get them along with their other rewards. we've also gotten the birch coasters, and expect to get the leather coasters next week - so if we're lucky, we can finish getting everything out to everyone within a few weeks! (except for the finished film, movie poster, etc... still working hard to finish the film!) best, flim flam
what is the situation with the international dispatch on encyclopedias? is it going ahead this week?
received my "an encyclopedia of claims, frauds, and hoaxes of the occult and supernatural" yesterday! thanks and hope all is well! can't wait to see the film!
just a suggestion -  but rather than posting news here - could you maybe use the "updates" system - that emails your backers to let them know that something new happened.  when you back quite a few projects (as i do) - it's painful to have to keep checking all of the "comments" section for news.
thank you both for your answers.
hello everyone! just an update: all of the books and cedar coasters have been shipped to domestic (us) backers. the books were sent media mail, and everyone should have them within a week or so if they haven't arrived already. we had to get more shipping supplies for international backers and are now dealing with the customs forms, but they should go out within a week or two as well - so if you are outside the us don't worry - they'll be coming soon. birch and leather coasters are now being manufactured and will be shipped as soon as we get them. same goes for the amazing deck, which is being manufactured right now as well and we are eagerly awaiting it! as to below problem, we did check each book for a signature before we shipped it, so i suspect joseph's unsigned book is an anomaly that slipped through. thanks so much for all your patience - in addition to all the work producing and shipping the rewards of this campaign, we've also been traveling for work, producing our recreations for the film and setting up some additional interviews. it's a lot of work for us 2 director/producers and a couple of support ap / pa's, but we've been doing our best! best, fff
@mihai: they said that some books might not have been signed. so they are fedexing me a replacement. they were quite sorry, so i don't think they meant to mislead anyone. at least, presuming it arrives and has a valid signature in the book of course. :)
@joseph bullock-palser i've made the same pledge and while i have yet to receive any reward (i'm in europe and i guess it's gonna take more time) i am now afraid i'll be in the same situation as yourself. how did they solve it?
just an update. i've talked with the people over at flim flam and they are making things right. please ignore my previous rant.
i have an issue with the book you sent me. it says it's signed by james randi ("a hardcover copy (out of print!) of randi's fabulous book "an encyclopedia of claims, frauds, and hoaxes of the occult and supernatural", personally signed by james randi!"). the picture in the kickstarter actually has his signature shown on the inside page. nowhere does it say i would get a letter in the book signed by you and a card signed by someone who isn't james randi. i have a copy of his signature when i met the man and it most deffently doesn't match. now, i didn't pay $120 for a letter signed by you and no signature in the book. how would you like to solve this dilemma?
i received the encyclopedia today. thanks for the shipment!
@dablue i'm not worried about it eventually getting here, it's only that funding for the project was originally intended to be a 30th birthday present for my son, which was back in march. we both understood there would be a wait though. still it'll be nice to finally give him his present soon!
@anne: just give it time, some books take 2 weeks to get here in europe. ive even had books that took 5 weeks. its impossible for the flim flam guys to give everyone shipping information, so basicly all you can do is wait =d. but considering their trackrecord i dont see any problem.
i received my coaster as well as a thank you card signed by the directors just yesterday. it's very nice and detailed, and will be framed here soon. i assume the encyclopedia will be coming shortly. i think everyone needs to be a little more patient for the rewards and little less judgmental. every project is different. they're filmmakers, not coaster wholesalers.
@dablue i'm also in europe, which is why i'm wondering if they've been sent out. no confirmation email of shipping as yet is the problem. everything is still so vague.
@anne: didnt receive it yet, then again i am from europe so that shit takes forever to get here.
has anyone received their encyclopedia yet? i'm still waiting for mine. flim flam, were items definitely shipped two weeks ago or are they still in reserve?
i am beyond seriously disappointed in the turn-around time of your coasters, etc. i have already received things from projects i funded more than a month after yours was funded. i have genuinely begun to wonder whether the "honest liars" may not be the self-professed flim-flam artists, making the film. heavens only knows whether a film will actually come about, since the premiums for backing this project certainly have not.
awesome! been anxiously awaiting my coasters! i've got a favorite beer waiting in the fridge for my coasters to arrive.  :-)
cool news guys, thank you for the feedback!
here they come! we had to travel a bit for the film, including going to tam where we were onstage with randi onstage, showing a few clips from the film. but we're now overtaxing our postage meter and packing and shipping all the signed books and cedar coasters! (birch & leather coasters come next.) also - the amazing deck is being made at this very moment. check out our facebook page for a few pics... and they don't even show all the boxes & boxes... https://www.facebook.com/anhonestliardoc
yep, same problem here.
still waiting.
@marc i'm still waiting for my pledge on the signed book to arrive as well, so i'm assuming there must have been a delay.
any issues with sending out the signed books? i noticed you commented saying you were shipping them out back on june 26th but i'm wondering if there was a delay as i haven't seen anything regarding what i pledged arrive yet. thanks for the updates on everything thus far!
have the signed books been shipped out yet? just want to know if i should tone down the paranoid staring-at-the-mail-person do you have something for me?! grabby hands thing or keep it up.
hi flim flam, do you know what the shipping estimate for international items being sent out is? i'm wondering whether i should be expecting my book this week or towards the end of the month? thanks again for your replies.
thank you very much guys. my anna maltese print arrived a couple of days ago and it's wonderful. i can't wait to see the movie (and get my amazing deck, too.) very proud to be a small part of the project! phil.
@flim flam & @jason glaser yes, i was wondering about that as well when i read the same story. i had thought that some of the new filming being done for the doc was to do with jose's situation, but i'm sure when the film is released the entire story will be known. thanks again for all the updates you've given so far and i can't wait to see the film.
i was reading today about how the supreme court rulings were already used to save a man's married partner from being deported. i wonder if randi and his partner might have a shot at that now.
hi ann! nope - no more waiting. we are sending out almost everything else - coasters, signed books, alice cooper dvd's, the signed photos etc. (cedar coasters are going out, but we're still waiting on birch and leather). the decks will go when we get them, then signed decks/uncut sheets. let's not forget the most important goal of all - the documentary and the great stories we're working to tell in the film! (our focus on that added to the delay, sorry...) on track for early 2014 festival release, and then you'll be able to see the film in various formats, though hopefully first on a big screen. ps - we'll be at tam, so if any of our supporters are there, come say hello! best, justin & tyler
flim flam films, thanks for the quick reply! that's a great choice! cannot wait to get my deck!
hi flim flam! if the deck of cards are being revised and printed soonish, does that mean i will need to wait until those are finished until i receive my reward of the signed "encyclopedia of claims, frauds and hoaxes..." or will it be sent out separately? thanks!
that's a great idea! but randi decided to choose someone closer to home - his partner the artist deyvi pena (aka carlos, aka jose alvarez). we think that's pretty sweet, especially on this great day for marriage equality.
just curious who will be replacing the johnny carson card? is it alice cooper?
coasters just arrived! keep an eye out for rewards beginning next week! thanks everyone for your patience - tyler & justin had to go do some filming in london & scotland (some really interesting interviews - including randi's nemesis....) but are back at it next week!
coasters? coasters? bueller?
no pressure, but i'm just wondering when the books are going to be shipped.  thx
just curious when i can expect my reward package in the mail?  absolutely no rush, tho...
(also, i hope you can get the documentary onto netflix in the uk if nothing else, like you did with the wonderful documentary on kevin clash; "being elmo.")
tyler/justin... wheeee that's awesome! we have had some issues finding frames in the uk that fit us art prints - don't suppose you could confirm the measurements for the simpson prints could you? (weird request, i know, but that baby is going right up on the wall in a frame asafp, so i want to make sure i have everything prepared...) thanks very much, phil.
hey jose, here's an update: we are sending out the simpsons prints, the adam savage signed pics, and the alice cooper dvd's and the signed books! the coasters are being manufactured as this very moment. the big delay was for the deck - after finalizing the design, when we went to get it manufactured we learned of a legal issue with having people appear in the deck. we actually had to go and get permission from everyone who appears (or their estate)! got most of 'em, just waiting on a couple. again, our apologies for the delay! the rewards are finally coming! best, tyler & justin
any news?
dear flim flam, thanks for the update! being in the uk myself, some additional international broadcast support sounds great, as i'd like to be able to get friends of mine to watch the film too.
hi all! it's been a very busy time for us! we spent a good week isolated with our editor honing the stories in the film, we attended a documentary forum & market in france (to sign on additional european broadcasters to be able to bring it to a bigger audience!), we also filmed an important interview with randi in florida about the alpha project and are now planning some additional (very exciting) filming. on top of that we've created a members-only section of our website, and will send out a password to people who donated $20 or more in the coming week. we finished the amazing deck, which is looking incredible. and we've had to organize the information and materials to fulfill the thousands of books, posters, decks, coasters, etc. that are the rewards for all our generous donors. the response to our campaign was greater than we imagined (no complaints tho!) and this just made the logistics of reward fulfillment that much more time-consuming. the estimated delivery dates for rewards listed were created before the campaign began and based on a smaller number of donors. we are preparing everything for shipping in stages now, and we wanted to apologize for the delay. thanks so much for your patience and support! best, the ahl team
i am so excited as well!  we haven't had any updates in a while, but i'm sure everything is going smoothly.  :) seems like some of the rewards might be out soon also!
yes, indeed. are there any new updates on the film, any other news, etc? we're quite excited! : )
earth to flim flam. come in flim flam ;)
hi flimflam its been semi quiet for some time.. how is the movie coming along? got anything juicy or revealing to share with us?
@flim flam films thank you. i'm looking forward to all the items and of course, seeing the finished film!
hi anne! happy to update. we finished sending out all the rewards surveys last week. kickstarter gives donors 2 weeks to respond to the surveys. after those 2 weeks, we'll have accurate numbers of how many decks of cards & coasters we have to make, and will begin manufacturing. i would estimate we'd be shipping out rewards 6-8 weeks from then! thanks for your patience, and of course, thanks for your support!
@flim flam films, are there any updates on the progress of coaster production, deck printing, etc? i'm curious as to when these reward items will be getting shipped out. thanks!
hey all, still working on the surveys, they'll be coming soon...
@everyone not sure if you been sent the survey yet but i have'nt just woundering if you've got yours yet ?
hey everyone, we're preparing the surveys right now, and they should begin going out within the week! best, j & t
hello! what is the estimate on the survey for donor selections and addresses being emailed out, presumably this will vary depending on which tier someone selected or will you be waiting until the amazing deck has been printed and cut?
@everyone: amazon just charged my card. ;) another worry gone ;)
hey folks, thanks for your concern! we had set up our account in advance through amazon payments (who handles the donation collection etc. for kickstarter) but it turned out they needed one more piece of tax info from us. we only learned about it that after the end of the campaign, and provided it to them immediately, but they need a few business days to process it it, hence the slight delay. no worries, everything should be completed within the next day or two! best, the filmmakers
right, just got that email from ks. basically hold on and things will push through to funding!
@timm gleason, @dablue: i just contacted support about this very problem and they came back to me with the answer that the issue is not on our (backers) end: apparently the project owner is still being verified by amazon, and until that completes, nobody gets charged.
@dablue  i have also not been charged. sent an email to the kickstarter people, but have heard nothing yet from them.
question to everyone: has anyones card been charged yet? normally that is done within 24 hours.. but i still havent been charged yet, so i wondered if anyone else had that issue.
everyone - sorry for any confusion! anyone who donated $75+ gets a free deck. there's a mistake on the home kickstarter page that says $95+, but we can't change that page. so $75 + donations get free decks!
still says free amazing deck at $75 and above for the $238k stretch goal in the graphic if you scroll down a bit.
the project did indeed formerly say that those backing the project at $75 and above would get a free deck upon reaching the stretch goal of $238k. the wording is still available in the google cache of the kickstarter page, which you can see in a screenshot here: http://shrubbloggers.com/images/20130215_randi_kickstarter_google_screenshot.png
contrats! so proud i could participate to such a global project! i won't stop promoting you amongst my friends in belgium though :-) just a question: i backed this project for $75 + $12 (shipping) hoping i could also get a free amazing deck (since we're above the 138k). however, in your last comment, you're only promising this price for those who backed you $95 and more. did i get it wrong?
congratulations on your success!
congratulations guys!  there is nothing like the "high" you get from winning a kickstarter (i did one that hit $42k, 300% over-goal, it was a blast!) - take time to catch your breath during the couple of weeks it takes to the money to roll in!  then go make us a movie!
ps - we are the 4th most funded doc on kickstarter thanks to you!
viva la amazing james randi !!! ... and congratulations to all who are honoring the telling of his story ... and an special thanks to those who chose to take the responsibility to champion the telling of his story ... superb !!!
thank you so much everybody!!! you've all made this such a fabulous experience. as we said on the main page, we are so honored and grateful for your generosity, enthusiasm, and kindness. we'll be sending out a final update later today, and we look forward to sending out the rewards and finishing  the film you have helped us make. time for a toast! to all our great backers! warmest regards, justin & tyler
freaking awesome! i'm so excited to see this!
whooo congrats everyone involved!!
congratulations! what a great campaign. do you expect to have the doc completed this year?
holy shit, i can feel james randi sending me waves of psychic gratitude already.
there was a rift in the space-time continuum.
whoa...now *that* was mystical. ;)
a double, double post!.... we will have good fortune in our future!
snap. too late.
ding ding ding... aaaaaaaaaaannnndd... funded! congrats!!
snap.  too late.
ding ding ding... aaaaaaaaaaannnndd... funded! congrats!!
@meg: toooooooo late
can i add an unsigned deck to my signed deck?  what level pledge would i need?
congratulations at reaching $240,000 + !  excited to pledge for your project, and even more excited that more people will be able to hear about this amazing man and his debunkery.  his showing a classroom of college kids identical horoscopes which they each claimed described them uniquely was cute, but what was even more revealing was the anger and resistance it evoked in one.  a 'eureka' moment for me, and now more can see mr. randi's experience with humans and the human condition.  bonne chance and best wishes. doc m
@patrick: *paw five*
come on.. only 5.5dollar per second to reach the last goal!
upped my pledge to $70, adding $25 to get the amazing deck. woo!
hehe, for some reason i dont think my boss will see it like that.. /sad puppy
could be considered promotional material...'name on the big screen' and all. i think that's a reasonable company expense.
/contemplates backing 6k with the company creditcard ;p
i love our little insane adventure community /sniff
just for you! ...and a dvd and a coaster. ;)
hey lurker!.. coming to help me cheer up the last 25 mins?!?! ;p
this just in...me! hey, dablue!
6k to go !.. thats only 3 dollar 70 per second.... you know you want to!
darn. haha. thanks!
@patrick: nice try ;p.. if you want the $75 tier.. you back $75 and then addon whatever you want. pledges dont turn over.
okay, one more question because i'm greedy, ha. i'm currently at $45. if i add $25, i'll get the deck. but then, if i were to add $6, would i also get the free $75+ deck?
come on.. pull your wallets.. spend your rent money.... throw away your lunch money.. and invest the money your girlfriend gave you to invest wisely!
come we can do this !!!
free creditcards!!?!?! omg omg omg /watches pledges skyrocket
it's madness, we're giving away free cards!!
come on people we are on fire. 7odd k left.. . make it happen!
@rachel: go to jimmies at the corner of 6th and 12th and ask for "old mans underwear" you can buy a copy then.
so where will you guys be selling the movie once it's finished?  i'm hoping it's at as many places as possible!
@james: oh you dare devil you!...
just doubled my pledge!
@yana: i mailed the guys and subtitles are confirmed !
as a hard of hearing person, i vote for subtitles also.  : )
@patrick : i assume you could by using paypall or something. its not like they dont have alot of decks on the shelve atm ;p
thanks robert! one more question: after the twelve hours end, would there be any way for me to get the cards later?
@patrick: that's correct, don't forget extra shipping if you're international (another 12 if you want the cards before the dvd is released).
so, just to clarify: i've pledged $45, so as of now i'm only getting the dvd (plus the password). if i wanted the deck of cards, i would need to pledge another $25, right?
@flimflam: will there be english subtitles? being a non native speaker, it helpst to have subtitles when people speak in accents
daniel, probably around 90 minutes. we could make a 5 hour movie with all the material we have and everything randi has done in his life... but we'll try to get as much as possible into the dvd extras!
hi would just like to know how long is this documentary is going to be, personal i would'nt mined it being 4 5 hours long or just never ending. :)
hi ole (justin here!) great, you'll get a deck too! the cards are regulation casino playing card stock made by the us playing card company with more than 120 years of playing card expertise. they "proudly craft each deck using custom paper and coatings so consumers can trust bicycle performance hand after hand." basically, they are the gold standard of playing card manufacturers... it's our great pleasure and honor to be making this film, and your support and enthusiasm means so much to us. thanks!
hey tyler :) i really want those cards. i just pledged 57 for the 45-tier award + shipping, just because i saw your offer. a dvd with bonuses, plus the cards are really the only rewards i want. are the cards plastic, btw? i also want to thank you and everyone else involved for making this project happen. you guys are the best! :)
damn, things really started picking up. eventho i got the free cards allready, i really hope this project can get to 250k
yes please :d
tyler here, co-director of an honest liar.  looks like we hit our first stretch goal.  who wants free amazing cards?
hey guys, it's almost at 150% so congrats for the successful campaign :-) . i've been a fan of the amazing randy for the last 5-6 years and wanted to thank you for giving us a chance to show our respect and appreciation for this guy.
added $25 to my pledge for the amazing deck.
actually, sticking a signed joker into a seemingly unopened deck of cards should not be too difficult (i'll bet randi knows how), and no need to do it at the factory. on the other hand, i expect most people would want to take a look at the signature, in which case sealing the deck would be a waste. still, there's something neat about an "unopened" deck containing a card signed by randi.
now we're in the final stretch- less than 24h to go.  today was my 4th and final fb post advertising the project.  i guess that was a "no" (sent telepathically, perhaps?) to opening up more of the $100 tier- so it looks like my pledge will remain at the current level (as i want the blu-ray but can't go over $100 within my current budget).
just wanted to leave a note (as instructed in the faq) that i upped my pledge to 107 (in order to get the $95 reward - signed deck!) thanks for all your (future) hard work on this project - looks great!
just pledged $165 to get the book & dvd ($140 prize) as well as an amazing deck.
adrian - great idea. the joker will be signed by randi inside a factory-sealed deck. and as an added bit of magic, if the deck is opened, the signature disappears! ;-) all kidding aside, we can have him sign the joker, which i think is best, or the outside of the box if you prefer.
in the case of signed amazing decks like the one i chose for my reward: will randi's signature appear on the box or will it appear on a card? i'm thinking it would be nice to have the joker signed by randi, especially if the deck itself remained perfectly sealed (it's magic!). some other indication of it being a special deck would of course be needed, so as not to confuse it with any other decks i choose to add to my pledge (i'm thinking a whole brick).
lol, thats the coolest typo ive seen in quite some time :) go go mystical clams!
haha. no, we like mystical clams. they're tasty. thanks for the note alexander. still 47 hours to go - you all can help by posting / tweeting / yelling out the window about it!
fuck i meant to say claims, not clams. now i just look stupid.
well it seems like we're not going to reach 250 thousand but we did make the goal and then some. the film will be at least in the top 20 most funded crowd funded film/video project in kickstarter history. we beat out the film my reincarnation making an honest liar: the amazing randi story the most funded film that involves mystical clams. its sad to see james randi; who campaigned to get rid of ineffective dowsing rods that were foolishly used to detect bombs which lead to the death personal in iraq, be out-funded by more frivolous projects, but the skeptical movement is growing and there's hope for future.
ps  randi, you are a magnificent!
can't wait for the deck to arrive. design is beautiful. have been looking into making a custom deck of cards recently,... researched it a bit and found the minimum for bicycle custom cards, 2500 units... youch, must be expensive!
atomkinder: check out the faq at the bottom of our kickstarter page! danielle (and everyone who's been supporting us - ) thanks so much!
whoops! finally found it.
was on the fence a while ago, not about whether to back, but how much! just backed for $125. james randi is one of my very few heroes. i am, however, unclear as to how to add coasters...
i've never spent so much on a kickstarter before, but i think this one is worth it. love randi and what you guys are doing. congrats and good luck!
i would like to double my pledge and go up to the $100 package.  any chance more of these will be available?
any chance you'll open up more of the $100 tier?
come on guys 20k and i get my deck of cards come guys !
i just added $25 to my $50 pledge for the cards.  good luck reaching $250k.  i've told all my friends about it.
increased from $45 to $70 for the deck of cards
i do believe so, dablue!
meh, doesnt appear that well make the 250k. if we dont and i want the cards anyway, all i got to do is add 25 bucks right?
@john: i just ordered "being elmo" from some of the same makers, just to haul me over till the release date. surprisingly that movie is damned hard to find in europe.
@dablue: no, i get it, i'm just happy already that the one goal is reached. of course i want the movie to be the best it can be and the strech goal to be reached!
@john: keep in mind every dollar we get towards that stretchgoal will be used for that stretchgoal. they will just have to cut some ideas. or, postpone them when their paperroute pays them at the end of the month.  @flimflam: i am still confident we can make it, but well need some more momentum, then again we are in the traditional slowdown before the ending sprint.
hey john (and everyone!) we've still got 8 days to go, so with everyone's help spreading word of the film and our campaign, we're still hopeful we can reach our stretch goal! we'll release a few updates soon!
doesn't look like we'll hit that stretch goal, but i am really pleased for the extra space this kickstarter is creating for the film makers!
i have increased my pledge from $125 to $150 to include the deck of cards.
i'm not sure if this counts as a "message" but i've increased my pledge from $60 to $85 for the deck of cards.
raised my pledge from 125 to 140. might as well nab the physical dvd along with it. ;)
just raised my pledge from $30 to $70 to add the deck+shipment. let's do this! as for the download: i think you should consider bittorrent. that's what the protocol was born for. it's used by other projects, as well as humblebundle, the swedish public broadcasting and many others.
hd is all i need to hear for now :). thanks and congrats on the indiewire win. (i voted a few times...)
jose: we haven't yet dealt with the logistics of the digital download, so we can't say for sure the format & distribution method. it will most likely be in hd, but it probably won't be until later this year that we figure it out. thanks everyone for your fabulous support, and also for making us indiewire's project of the month! woohoo!
only a couple of hours left in the contest and it's very close.  please vote. http://www.indiewire.com/article/decide-who-talks-to-the-tribeca-film-institute-will-it-be-kardashian-ripe-monsters-or-liar#comments
a few questions regarding the eventual digital download of the film: 1. what resolution and format will the film be distributed in? 2. what distribution method will be employed (itunes/embedded web player/drm-free download)? thanks again for putting together this amazing project!
congratulation on reaching the minimum goal
martin gardner's name is spelled wrong on the deck description.
i went for the signed poster of adam savage an randi : d i wanted the signed book too, but didn't know of a way to get both without paying shipping twice. can't wait to see how this turned out ^^
grrr freelance is freeman. damn you autocorrect!!
funded! next stop 250.000 i still demand morgan freelance tho ;)
got there! i really hope the trend continues from here on out! congratulations to the project creators and backers.
woohoo!!! thanks everyone for getting us to our minimum goal!!! we love you! we'll be sending out an update shortly! best regards, justin & tyler
we done it
almost at the minimum!
free "amazing deck" to the person who puts us over our goal!
backer number 2000... sweet!! :)
@mike: damn you missing edit button:... also add $12 bucks for shipment
@mike: pledge the $30 range and add 25$ for the deck. so pick tier $30 with a $55 payment and send the guys a pm for their administration.
i'm confused. is there any way to get only a digital download of the film and the amazing deck? i'm an international backer! thanks
oh... and lets add a $500.000 stretchgoal to let morgan freeman do a voice over.. you cant have a serious documentary without morgan freeman!
chop chop.. 16 days to go to get $107.000 thats $6.6k a day.. surely thats doable?!?! we dont want to see ken and barbies reinacting randis life.. do we?!? ;p..
as an avid deck collector, please give us some way to add-on multiple copies of the custom deck!
please help an honest liar win the indiewire project of the month.  it's competing against a reality show about the secret kardashian sister.  please vote with your mind. http://www.indiewire.com/article/decide-who-talks-to-the-tribeca-film-institute-will-it-be-kardashian-ripe-monsters-or-liar
i just boosted my pledge from $30 to $95... so excited to support this film!!
come on guy 17 days left open your hearts, and you wallets.
i am a very big supporter of randi and what he promotes. i see that the funding goal is getting very close to being fulfilled. i hope it surpasses and that the film is seen by many. we need more people exposed to randi and above all, critical thinking.
really hoping we make the pledge good luck randi, looking foward to getting my simpson portrait. :d
this is a true story. i am a lifelong magic fan. i snuck onto a stage after randi's show at staples high school in westport ct and drank a tiny sip of milk that he had turned into, or out of, wine or something. i don't know if it was really even milk. this was back in 1969 or so.  every since my nipples have been sensitive to wool. nevertheless, i have always been big fan. please accept my small contribution and, if you get a minute, use the power of your mind to sooth my aching teats.
i hope randi will be gentle with us ;p
should we hit or exceed our goal, telepathic thanks will be sent out by randi upon completion of the campaign and go out to everyone who donated $5 or more! (but for those who donated less than $5, if you pay attention real hard, you might receive the message too...) @dablue: there is no such thing as a "cash surplus"... all the money goes into the film, and the more we raise in this campaign, the sooner we can finish it and the better we can make it! thanks everyone for your fabulous support!!!
when will i receive my telepathic thanks?
we are succeeding with style ;)
thank you for making this!
defenitely time to think about what to do with the cash surplus thats bound to happen.
things are speeding up now ;) go go randi!
this is going to be cool, we were at tam a few years ago and i recognize some of the footage in the video from that tam :)
is a mind-thank you from randi included with the $30 pledge? i'm really hoping to see this project get made and proud to be a backer.. keep it up guys!
as a nerdy teenager, a trip to manhattan would have included a visit to tannen's magic shop near times square.  one day, i remember my friend and i were awestruck to see the amazing randi in the store.  i especially admire illusionists when they use their skills to reveal the fakery of imposters who make claim to real miracles (thinking houdini, the amazing randi, penn & teller).   looking forward to this film.
this documentary needs to happen. it is so awesome! jumped in to back what little i have right now.
oh and comment 69 /giddedi giggedi
@flimflam: close to 50% gent with 25 days to go.. you guys must be super proud right about now.
christian: 8" x 10" - will look beautiful framed! joona: the dvd / blu-ray will be region-free, so will work everywhere! ernie: thanks so much!!!
just want to say congrats to all involved in this truly amazing project !!!  ... my pledge is submitted  ... best of luck to the project's leadership !!! ... viva la james randi !!!
don't want to jinx it (like that's gonna have any effect) but this is starting to look promising. can't wait to see it. also. there's gonna be a pal version if i pledge enough to get a dvd or a blu-ray and live in europe? maybe a stupid question but i just wanna make sure.
what's the size/measurements of the $200 pledge portrait?
over 1000 backers, good work ;)
40% done.. lets go get them to 50% within the next couple of days for a more relaxed struddle to the home plate.
randi.org mentions that this movie is a-comin', but no mention of the kickstarter on that website... that would seem to be an obvious place to promote it (i'm looking at the front page and searched for honest liar. not looking in the forums.)
i donated $50, and would donate more, if i could afford to.  i donated, because this is a movie that i am very anxious to see. mr. randi has been a hero of mine for several years now, as i learned of his campaigns to educate people about so many things, but particularly with regards to various health scams, but particularly homeopathy.  i regularly get into arguments with people around here about all sorts of medical myths, and  i know how pernicious these myths can be.   my own mom has been talked into all sorts of nonsense by her superstitious neighbors. anyway, this movie really has to get made.  i just hope that it gets enough exposure so that not just his fans go to see it.
wonderful.  there aren't many days when i feel a "need" for a spare $10,000, but this is one.
@3dgeek & dablue - yes! we're very encouraged and thankful it's been going so well and we've gotten such a great response. but there's still quite a ways to go, so we can't rest just yet!
alexander - that's great - we'll send you a coaster! we're honored to be the first project you've helped support! i like your motivation, too...
i changed my pledge from 30 dollars to 45 dollars to get a coaster. i dont have to give any more for a coaster right? i live in the us. it feels so good to be a part of something. this the first project i've actually my own money to help. sure i've given money some homeless people and some charities but this is something im really passionate about. i want every mystic fraudster to be exposed as a liar and a cheat.
looks like we just broke 30%.  that's a magic number - if you reach 30% in the first week, you're very likely to succeed...hitting it after just three or four days is a good sign of future success.
@flimflam: the project made it to the "staff picks" area of the website. that will help re-direct more people here for sure.. i am very pleasantly surprised to see we are relatively so close to the 1/3 rd funding mark. keep it going people!
thrilled to be backing this. never been fortunate enough to see randi live but i often rewatch his lectures and clips on youtube, and i'm endeavouring to collect all his books. awesome to be able to give something back.
never felt so good about backing a project.  years ago i was way too accepting of things i didn't understand.  i stumbled upon flim flam, and realized i needed to research the things i didn't understand rather than accept the first thing i heard, or whatever was the most convenient.  truth matters.  i've been a fan of randi ever since.  he literally changed my world view and my life...even if it made me slightly less popular. xd
correction: thanks for the response. you seem to confident in your strategy, and i'm absolutely not trying to tell you how to run your kickstarter. i was just trying to think with you on this: i want this to succeed! :) lets get this thing kickstarted!
thanks for the response. you seem to confident in your strategy, and absolutely not trying to tell you how to run your kickstarter. i was just trying to think with you on this: i want this to succeed! :) lets get this thing kickstarted!
@erik: thanks for the question! we based these reward levels on what we've seen on some other kickstarter projects and in consultation with people very experienced with kickstarter campaigns for documentary films. the $30 reward gets you more than the digital download - you also get access to the "members-only" area of our website that we'll be working hard to keep frequently updated with interesting photos, video, and outtakes so you can follow our progress as we make the film. access to that is at the $20 reward, so for just $10 more you get the digital download as well. same goes for the higher rewards - so please remember that you're getting more than "just" the dvd or blu-ray. it's important to us that we keep our backers happy and make sure they feel they've gotten value for their donations! you may be right that if we lowered the cost of the digital download we'd get more backers at that level. there are probably people who'll say to themselves "i'll just wait for the film to come out and see it in a theater or buy the dvd then." that's understandable, and nothing wrong with it if you just want to see the film and will take the risk that enough other people will help support us to get it made. whether the greater number of donors would make up for the lowered amount of funding raised (from the lower $/donation) plus the additional costs of digital delivery for the greater number of downloads we can only speculate. but: it's also important to remember that these are "rewards" for donations; you are helping us make this film and joining us for the ride (if you'd like!) rather than (or in addition to) just purchasing the final product. that's hopefully what kickstarter is about - not just being a store for pre-ordering things, but a way for people to back the projects they believe in and want to see completed that might not get made without their help. we're very thankful to all who've helped us!
this is a story that needs to be told! i'm on board. my only question is why the high 'pricing' for a digital download. even a big movie blu-ray doesn't cost more than 20 bucks. so a digital download for lower-tier backers feels more fair and should'nt cost very much to offer. it could also bring more backers in who simply want to see the finished movie and want to pay 10/20 bucks to do so.
@flim: thank you for the clarification. i allways wondered how expensive it is to make a documentary. oh and i am sure there is a market too for half naked barbie dolls on tape hehe. the next 30 days will be very exciting indeed!
@dablue: no, we do not have a rough cut - we are going to start editing in february. the funds are to help us get to a rough cut! our goal is a minimum amount to cover the cost of additional filming days, music composition, archival research, and bargain-basement cinematic recreations. editing is quite expensive - and we haven't included that cost in the goal of this campaign. should we be so fortunate as to exceed our goal, the additional funds will be applied to editing, post-production, and upgrading the recreations from filming barbie dolls to actually using real people. ;-)
@flimflam: out of curiosity. why the target amount of $148.000. it seems you got the rough cut done if i understood the pitch correctly? is editing and distributing so expensive that it warrants $148.000 ? or is it a pay back for all the money you guys allready invested yourselfs along the road?
@nicole: the $30 mark is for the download only. there was alot of confusion about it, hence they jumped through hoops to change it.
i hate being confused... but when i initially selected the $30 tier i thought that was for a pair coasters plus the digital download.  is that incorrect?   now it appears $30 is for digital download only.
@flimflamfilms: that sounds great! thanks in advance for your effort!
dablue: region coding was mainly for the early release dvd's us gets it first and people got them shipped to where ever that's why they do it another is cut content due to country say china or somewhere in that region. no i'm not related to james randi
@andrew/flimflam: also is there a region coding on the dvd/bluray? i dont know how that works now a days, but "in the old days" i couldnt play us-region coded disks.
@andrew: are you related to the amazing randi by any chance? ;p
@porcupine most kick-starters i have back have done the opposite they gain more backers near the end sometimes doubling the asking goal though this is with the games not film and tech might be a different crowd. also to the film makers any idea of the total run time including extras?
@tomás: we will certainly do our best to make that happen!  because of the incredible international interest in randi and the film it's important to us to make sure it's accessible to everyone (including the hearing impaired.) the best way for us to do that, in the end, might be via crowdsourcing. when we posted a trailer on youtube almost 2 years ago, many people volunteered to create subtitles in different languages, something we greatly appreciated. so we may put out a request for help on this when the film is complete!
thanks for this great film project! can't wait! i wonder if the digital download of the film will have subtitles in multiple languages, e.g., in spanish...
@porcupine : it unfortunately isnt the ultimate truth, but its a good indication of what to expect.  this project deserves funding and its good to be prepared of stretchgoals. ;)
@dablue: unfortunately, kicktraq projections are utter #$%$^% - they simply assume a project will continue to gain funding at the rate it does at the moment - which is totally wrong, the growth always starts steep then soon bends back towards the horizontal. that being said, i certainly do hope this gets funded and evens pills over into stretch goals if possible...      - backer #400 :)
@flimflam : the projections on www.kicktraq.com are very positive. what will you spend surplus money on, once the funding goal is met ?
okay - the $30 digital download has been changed to eliminate the shipping fee kickstarter was making international donors add on! (whew)
@flimflamfilms fantastic; glad to hear you're sorting the issue.
@morrison: we're sorry! this is a problem with kickstarter that we're fixing now. the $30 reward level should not require the $12 shipping fee - that's only for adding on coasters - but kickstarter is making anyone outside the us add the shipping fee regardless. since they cannot change the reward after people have chosen it, we will be adding another $30 reward level for digital download with no shipping fee. wish it were simpler, but them's the rules...
@flimflamfilms i would love to help kickstart this, but i can't help but feel whoever came up with the reward tiers is out of their mind. $42 for a digital download of the film in the uk? i'm sure you'd get more backers if you brought down the minimum for a digital download. make it any easy decision for us!
@flimflam: perhaps you can have randi do a "none shall pass" pose. he would look very natural in it.
@flimflam: /love
new rewards levels added! in response to so many people wanting to add dvd's or blu-rays to the signed rewards and to simplify the process, those options, as well as new $60 and $100 packages have been added. thanks so much for everyone's support!
@flimflam: in what kind of world are we living in! /sarcasm off.  uhm... @flim flam: (nice name btw) yup also a 125 backer here. (god, make this kickstarter get its funding) and i would like to addon a physical dvd. (puppy dog eyes to make it work) (could we get an answe on this question?)
@dablue: i'd love to, but even though i was one of the filmmakers of being elmo, the director has the rights to the dvd, so i'd have to pay for it too!
@flimflam: would it be possible to get being elmo as an addon or something? i hear alot about this documentary recently.
added $45 to my pledge amount to add a blu-ray to the order. definitely can't afford to add coasters as well sadly. :( i hope it still recorded my original nice low number for the fantastic anna maltese print ;)
same here, would like to add the blu-ray. that said, i hope we'll still get access to digital download as it'd suck to be paying more just to wait longer to see the movie! randi is a significant hero of mine so i can't wait to see the final product (i don't think i'll make it to tam any time soon from the uk.) "being elmo: a puppeteer's journey" was an astounding documentary, so i know without any doubt that this is going to be perhaps my most significant media purchase of 2013!  i'm going to have to go without any more extravagant treats for the rest of the year to justify my exorbitance otherwise the fiancée will kill me... this will be stunning, can't wait to see it!!
@flim flam: (nice name btw) yup also a 125 backer here. (god, make this kickstarter get its funding) and i would like to addon a physical dvd. (puppy dog eyes to make it work)
go randi!!!!
@kender: at least you are z'n honest lier /drumroll
if you're outside the us kickstarter won't let you pledge $30 for the digital download only. it adds the $12 shipping automatically. so i lied and told it i'm in the us.
wow, this was the kickstarter i was waiting for and i didnt even know it until i saw it!
ok - because of the number of people that would like to add dvds or blu-rays to other rewards, we will update the reward levels to make that more clear - stay tuned!
shut up and take my money! seriously, i've been waiting for the fundraising to start since the trailer first appeared.  this is one of those projects you wish someone would do, talk to your friends about how someone should do it, but . . . i don't know how to make movies. i'm so glad this is getting done!
thanks for doing this project - i look forward to the finished film!  my question: i would like to get the maltese print and the dvd - and i pledged enough to pay for both - but i can't select both rewards at the same time.  do i mention the dvd in the survey?  i tried entering two separate pledges, but the site will only let me modify my existing pledge, not add a second one. i know you're getting bombarded with questions, thanks for your forbearance!
wonderful, thank you!
jessica - yep, sorry, didn't realize you were talking about a book. you did the right thing - thanks!
i did donate at the $125 level and increased to $150 so i could get the dvd and a coaster...
jessica: that's great, thanks so much! here's what you do: $45 is the reward level for a dvd, just add $10 - so donate $55 and choose the dvd reward level. at the end of the campaign you'll get a little email survey to let us know what you donated for, and what kind of wood you'd like the coaster to be. the note to matthew is intended for people donating at the $125 - $300 reward levels who want a dvd or blu-ray instead of the digital download that comes with those rewards. hope that explains it, and thanks for your interest!
so if i added up on my donation to include a dvd copy ($15 difference) and $10 for a wood coaster, how do i make that notation? didn't see a section for it.
matthew: yes! and for anyone who donates enough to get a reward (like a signed book) that comes with a digital download, just add the difference to your donation, which is $45 (since the digital download level is $30 and the blu-ray is $75.) plus, you may get an added bonus... at the end of the campaign there will be an email survey sent out to backers to make sure you're signed up to get what you donated for, make sure to note that you added-up for a blu ray. thanks!
the amazing randi is so good he can make my money vanish from half way across the country!
the trailer looks great; can't wait!
awesome to see this movie finally heading towards the finish line! good luck with your kickstarter.
hi jan - thanks for your interest! good question, maybe it's not clear. the $30 reward level is digital only - the shipping fee applies only if you add on coasters!
thanks for the chance to help get this made. also will i be able to increase my pledge and get a bluray copy as well? cheers
thanks for this great film project! been waiting for this quite some time now. :-) may i suggest a digital-only tier including the digital download, but not including physical items that will cost shipping and customs duty?
amazing. can't wait!
