Forget about rear facing.  This thing is the TANK that caused Consumer Reports first ever report retraction!  Not because it was DEfective but rather because it was so Effective.  This one (and the Britax Bvld for the smaller kids) had the only "survivable" rating in the botched side impact test...  To summarize (and I may be wrong on the particulars, but I am pretty close): the side impact test was supposed to involve only the sled moving, with the car stationary (or vice versa)...but they actually had both the car moving AND the sled, at 90 degrees to each other, such that the collision was at or more than 60MPH.  I think the sled and car were traveling at ~40-45MPH.  Cosco and all the major manufacturers of the day (this was 7-10 years ago now) threatened Major lawsuits against Consumer Reports magazine...because their cheap, made in china seats all failed this over-the-top safety test...As a disclaimer, they all DID pass US federal regs and ANSI limits, so "legally" their cheap all plastic seats are "safe"... so... after reviewing the tests, CR discovered the erroneously challenging impact test...and retracted the report.  It is floating around the Interwebs somewhere (I found it...so its possible).The bottom line:  is a 45mph to 45mph side impact "test" relevant to YOU?  It seems highly probable that someone may run a stop sign or stop light at that speed...with you traveling at a similar clip...  Want your kid to have the BEST chance of surviving???  Get a Radian 80 (or whatever the newest version is called).  Think about it:  Sunshine Kids is the company that MAKES the clips and buckles for many major carseat manufacturers.This thing has a steel frame, and is built like a nascar chassis.  It has a DECELERATION STRAP for kids 40lbs and under, to reduce neck and spine trauma due to that big head little folks have in comparison to the muscles holding it up...  The deceleration strap is removable once the child is over 40lbs.  We had four of these, two here in the states and two in europe for the summers.  Yes, they are expensive but remember the immortal worlds of the 1970's  Bell Helmet Marketing Campaign:  If you've got a five dollar head, wear a five dollar helmet.  Certainly your child is the most precious "cargo" you'd have onboard.  The money is well spent.  These seats are fairly narrow as well, I was able to three across in a bmw 325ix (e30).  The seat bottom folds and tucks into the upper section (front), to stow pretty compactly.  The new Radian looks even better, with additional side impact foam, but if you are looking for a used gem (one that has not been in a major accident of course), look no further that this beast.  It is not lightweight, so do not expect to throw in over your shoulder for a backpacking trip...  Or if you do, you'll get a good workout!  We set these up, and used the Sunshine Kids seatbelt ratchets to snug them down...and we left them in the car (except for occasional cleaning).  The covers come off pretty easy for washing, and all the straps have stowage areas in the back.  There is an inclination adjustment for the base, to help with proper angle.I researched everything available back in 2005-7, even the "car seats don't make your kid safer" arguments (leave it to an analytics guy to tell you its okay to let your child bounce around in the back seat during an impact).  As I also designed baby strollers, I researched the ansi and european requirements as well.The bottom line:  The Radian 80 is what I trusted my children's lives with on a daily basis.Note: It appears they have changed their name to Diono (http://diono.com).  Maybe a conflict with a charity of the same same?: http://sunshinekids.orgThey list their "retired" products, you will find the Radian 80 listed there:http://us.diono.com/retired-car-seatsNote: the newest version appears to be the RadianRXT or the newer Rainer:http://us.diono.com/car-seats/comparison-chart