I never write reviews but when I was researching for a new monitor reading everyone's reviews were so helpful and essentially led me to buy this monitor. We used to own a Motorola MBP18 until it fell one day on carpet and the internal pieces broke. I do not recommend this monitor to anyone, it is not worth the price. I read so many great reviews about the VTEC VM333 that I was sold. First I want to say, this is a GREAT monitor. Here are my pros and cons.Pros:Pan tilt - Believe me, as much as my restless sleeper moves around the entire crib you need the flexibility of the pan tilt. When you are panning, there is no sound.Picture quality - Awesome but keep in mind you are not going to get a camera/webcam quality. It is a thousand times better than the Motorola I owned. The biggest issue I had w/the Motorola was that you lost picture during day naps, even though her room has black out curtains, the quality of the camera just could not focus. I was left with black static mostly and had to use it more for sound. The VTEC has wonderful picture day or night.Sound - You can hear a pin drop on the lowest setting.Two way speaker - On nights when you don't want to get out of bed or need to ask your husband something while he's in the baby's room, there is a speaker you can speak through to the camera.Safe from hackers - This does not require wifi connection. This was SO important to me because of all the horror stories of people hacking into the wireless wifi monitors and waking babies up and sleeping babies are ending up on a weird site somewhere. I wanted to make sure I got something un-hack-able.Cons: (Not deal breakers for me at all)The camera and monitor are a bit bulky. But it feels very well made and durable.Temperature gauge - This is not accurate at all. It shows you are running about 3-5 degrees hotter than it really is. But who really uses it?Battery life - I'm still trying to figure this out...It does tend to lose juice within a couple hours if I forget to charge it during the day. So you may want to charge it in while you are at work so you have plenty of juice for later.