This is my 3rd Combi car seat because my daughter has outgrown her previous ones. I waited for 3 months to write this review. I like Combi because their products tend to check most of the boxes:1. 4 out of 5 stars on NHTSA ease-of-use rating. I visited the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) website and checked on this seat before deciding to purchase it. I strongly encourage you to visit the website and check out the ratings before you purchase any car seats. All car seats rated by NHTSA meet Federal Safety Standards & strict crash performance standards. While all rated seats are safe, they do differ in their ease of use. Here is the link to the website to all parents. [...]2. Comfortable. If your young ones tell you that they like their car seat and refuse to sit on others, you know you got the right seat. The mesh build, wide and deep wings, relatively thick cushion, and comfy handrest makes this seat the best seat in the house (or car).3. The design is pretty stylish. But this is more of a personal opinion.4. Compact but not sacrificing safety and comfort is one of the most important attributes for this seat. My current setup is, 120lbs, 5'4" wife sits on 2nd row passenger side, 4.5 years old, 40lbs daughter sits on 2nd row center with this seat, 2 months old daughter sits in her Chicco on 2nd row driver side. This gives everyone enough room on an MDX. I would not be able to fit all 3 on 2nd row comfortably if I purchase a car seat that is bigger than this. Keep in mind that big does not mean more safe or more comfy. A big car seat might not have a bigger inseam.5. Seat belt holds nicely in place. I have seen some car seats that do not have a good seat belt guide and made the seat belt tangled or twisted in a weird way.6. Crumbs and food cleaned off very easily on this seat. This is a big plus.However, there are 2 things that I think can be improved:1. The cup holder. It gets in the way. But you have an option to take it off easily.2. Just like some reviewers mentioned, the bottom and the back separates too easily when you are trying to move the car seat from one car to another.Until then, peace to all, happy shopping!UPDATE 08/01/2014: After more than a year, the car seat is still good as new.UPDATE 07/23/2015: After more than 2 years of use and numerous swaps to different vehicles, it is still good as new.