My baby carrying began with the infamous bjorn carrier. It was really hard on the back after just a few minutes (and I had even purchased the special 'lumbar' version). Then I came across the term 'crotch danging' vs froggy/ergonomic style baby carrying. I felt a frustrated and a bit embarrassed for succumbing to the bjorn hype after finding out it's harsh on your baby's hips and not ergonomically correct. Suffice it to say, it's sadly still the most popular carrier out there because it's so well known). As the saying goes 'better a bjorn than nothing at all'... which I agree with...but better the Pognae than the bjorn! (or the beco, or the onya, or the ergo or the boba!)...which I will explain below:I am SO happy I came across some obscure 5th page of some forum thread where someone mentioned the word Pognae. When I read the other reviews here (all 2 of them! ahaha..) I knew despite the lack of the reviews that this was worth trying out (especially the other person who mentioned trying some other big name carriers). At the time, I was using a Boba 3G. Now my Boba is collecting dust! I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this carrier. Here is a break down of why you may want to consider this above all the better known carriers:1 - this has a high weight limit (some of the beco's don't) which is a deal breaker. Front carrying just isn't good for your little ones hips in general either, so that ruled out the need to find one that did that.2 - some carriers can't hold newborns all the way up to 45 lbs in one carrier (another deal breaker). This one does. I LOVE the design of this. I originally got the boba because it has a higher back by just a tad than the ergo, and is more 'sporty' in it's design and fabric choice, and has some cool features like foot straps. However, the height of the back is not adjustable. This Pognae comes with an insert to make the back higher and even has pads attached to this insert so your baby can chew on them without getting the 'real' straps dirty.3- The boba lacked some softness - which is why some people get the ergo - this is the best of both worlds. It's more cushy in the straps and just feels softer in general.4-It has a zipper carrying pouch you can add to it for fun (why not!)5- the vented area where your baby's back rests is ingenious - no other carrier has that (yet!) that I know of. Another major selling point because some carriers are made for sporty occasions and others for comfort (we're talking the reason why some people buy the ergo vs the beco or boba). This marries both options together, keeping baby cool (plus the carrier material is sturdy but light weight and there's mesh which I'll discuss further below).6 - the armpit digging drove me mad in the other carriers. The reason I originally looked into this carrier was because someone on a forum mentioned this is built for a slimmer frame and isn't a huge bulky contraption. The shoulder straps on my other carriers rested on my shoulders like hovering logs, and then they bent around and right into my armpits when I tried to get my baby securely up snug against me. The people who have this issue will really appreciate the design of the Pognae. This is apparently one of the biggest brands in Korea, and is made with this body frame as a prototype. Having said that, this also fits my husband just fine. I am 5'4" and 120 lbs and just kind of average in general (not really a tiny person by any means) and this is just such a better fitting carrier than the others we've tried.7 - subtle darts are added near where the baby's legs come out, making for an easier and more comfortable spreading of the legs for them (my Boba almost seemed to pinch off the back of his thighs because it lacked these darts).8 - The side buckle, though not as easy to buckle as a center back buckle, is more comfortable, and is on TOP of the padding of the carrier, so it does not dig into you anywhere. This is another deal maker or breaker in many carriers - the placement and comfort of the buckle. This sort of eliminates that issue altogether since it's not actually touching you - you don't feel a pressure point anywhere on your waist.9 - there is a sleep hood included with this. I don't find a need to use this too often, it's a really nice feature (and most other brands have one). I like the buckle feature on the hood vs the snap feature of my boba (which would wake him up with a loud 'pop' when I undid it to lay him down for a nap).10 - though the material is soft, it's also functional because it has mesh where it is against your body (can't tell in the pics). Some other carriers have this feature and while it is great for hiking etc it can be scratchy on the skin - I tried it with a tank top and did not find it irritating at all - its a very soft mesh.11 - there are enough designs to choose from (beco of course wins hands down in this regard but be honest here - the carrier needs to be comfortable and functional or no matter how cute it is, it's not going anywhere!). Ps, get some cute fabric online and some fabric glue and you can easily customize any carrier anyways if you wanted to).12- you can buy some additional things from them to customize this carrier - like drool pads, infant inserts, warmers and waist extenders.13 - this is just as comfortable as my boba as far as length of wearing. Even more so actually because it fits better. You can absolutely wear your baby for hours if need be (a great feature of most soft ergonomic carriers like this, vs the bjorn or any other 'crotch dangling' carrier).14 - oh and yes one last thing - the beco buckles are a deal breaker for many. My boba even had ridiculously stiff buckles that I ended up having to use both hands for when taking it off. Believe me, that gets to be a real PITA. Another reason people sell their carriers is to find buckles that can be operated with one hand. This has sturdy buckles but no (unnecessary) locking latches that require both hands (and soon become your pet peeve!). I am not a picky person and can put up stubbornly with stuff, but really, all these little things like fabric comfort, armpit freedom, buckle ease and baby's positioning add up and can make the difference between being a ho-hum carrier and one that you will love and use everyday.15 - My baby is 24" in length and 14 lbs at the moment and is so comfortable in this (about 3.5 months old). I could have used this much sooner too (back when I had my boba). My little one is comfortable with or without the head insert (the back is high enough to support his head enough without it too). I keep it on because we use this so much to help lull him to sleep and it helps him feel more secure. Without it, he can look around a little more. It seems to be designed so just as the baby gets old enough to really have good head control and neck strength, that is when their head will be above the rim of the back rest, and even so, just pop on the insert if needed for some more support.So in summary this is truly a hybrid of the best things in all the carriers I've researched and tried out (and I did a somewhat obsessive, mind-numbing bit of researching, reading through pages of reviews, forums, blogs etc). I am so glad I gave this Pognae a shot. It has really useful great features, great comfort, fit and style. Sometimes you feel a little weird purchasing a 'no-name' item especially when you're making a big ($) purchase, and especially when it's for your baby. I am glad I had my other carriers I felt more 'confident' about to compare the Pognae with. This wins hands down!! And it does not look cheap or corny in person... it is better than expected, really a beautiful carrier (that I don't feel embarrassed about using!) We purchased the elephant design, which definitely could have looked cheap but it's a gorgeous, well-crafted carrier.OH ps...the price is descent. Some carriers are WAY over priced. This *should* be the price range for other carriers. I don't feel I'm being unduly taken advantage of, like so many high priced baby items out there.Cons?-There are hardly any - the front portion seemed to dig into the top of my legs until I got the carrier adjusted better (the waist strap is a little wider than my boba by just a tad). It was kind of a 'new shoe' thing too, where it just needed a little wearing in (we're talking 1 week) and the issue is no more. I can even sit with this thing on.-The colors. Obviously, we all want more color options right, but less makes it a simpler choice to purchase (on the bright side!) On the downside, most of the options (here on Amazon at least to this date) are a bit feminine for most guys. But most patterns are - there are some plain colors to choose from like khaki, black, etc that are nice if you're going to be sharing this a lot.I hope this ridiculously long review helps those deciding (and being ultimately completely confused) as to which carrier to go with.**update (march2015) - I wanted to update that I continued to love using this until my baby was about 18 months, at which point I switched to the tula because his legs were no longer supported enough. The carrier needs to reach to just under their knee, or their legs start to droop and it caused stress and discomfort to their hips. The tula was extremely well made and comfortable but I have to say I missed the more supportive head area of the pognae, and would have bought a pognae toddler if they had one available. The best carrier in the world would be a tula and pognae combined, in my humble opinion - or basically a tula with the mesh opening and more supportive head area of a pognae.Update May 2015: I mentioned wanting a combo of pognae and tula and found exactly that - the lillebaby. It's more pricey but by far the best option out there. If you know the tula crowd, to say it's better than a tula (which most do) is a big deal. The head support, ventilation option, soft fabric, easy buckles, cushy padding and many other options (including being suitable for infant to toddler) make it the superior choice and I'm looking forward to trying it for our next baby soon! After all is said, the pognae is something I'd recommend for a budget carrier or second carrier at this point. My backup right now is bitybean because I stuff it in my purse literally as a backup. And a shout out to emeibaby which is awesome and rivals the top brands as well. I hope this has been a fair and helpful assessment of this and other carriers! This will probably be my final update.