I admit that as a first time mom, I've splurged a lot on products for my baby. I wanted to get the all-in-one food makers (steamer and blender combined) but after reading the reviews of plastic melting and mold growing I decided to steam food and blend the old fashioned way. Yes, I think the entire Sage Spoonfuls Food System is overpriced. But I still give it 5 stars. Why? Because I am very satisfied with the system.The recipe book is very simple. I could probably find the recipes online. But I love that I have a go-to recipe book that I trust and can follow. I love that the book takes a conservative approach to introducing foods to baby, and once your baby is past the single-food stage you can mix the different purees together to get a wholesome, balanced meal for your baby. The purees are super easy to make and serve.I love the food processor. Initially I was excited to use the immersion blender, as I'd never used one before. But I quickly learned that the immersion blender works only if I have large quantities of food to blend. Otherwise, I'll have a big mess in my kitchen with food splashed all over the place. So, I've put the immersion blender away and plan to use it when my baby is a bit older and will eat soups that I make for the entire family. I'll just stick the blender in the soup pot. Until then, it's the food processor only for me. When I first realized that, I thought that I really didn't need this system as I have the Magic Bullet! But then I remembered that the reason I'd forgotten about the Magic Bullet was because I rarely used it. I hated to clean the Magic Bullet. Cleaning the blades was very inconvenient and difficult. This food processor is very easy to clean. It's so easy that I use it every morning, making fresh apple sauce for my baby to eat with oatmeal.I like the containers. They are just the right size to store baby meals. At first I thought that I needed to invest in those ice trays as well, as the Sage Spoonfuls containers in this food system is not enough to store a lot of baby food. But the ease of making the purees has inspired me to make fresh batches of baby food every couple of days (and as mentioned, daily fruit purees). So I don't have a lot of baby food stored in the freezer. As a SAHM I know that I have the luxury of time to do this. If you are looking to make plenty of baby food to store in the freezer then these containers in this food system is not enough for you.I found the trays to be unnecessary and useless. Even if I'd stocked all the plastic containers in the freezer, I'd probably not use the trays, as they take up useless space in the freezer.So yes, I could have most likely paid much less for plastic containers, food processor/blender and a recipe book. But this system was worth the money for me to have an ease of mind when it comes to feeding my baby healthy, homemade food.