I loved this swing from the moment I first saw it on Babies R Us website.  So I decided to register with Babies R Us just for this swing.  After logging on to add to my registry I learned that for some reason it was no longer available.  So I started shopping high and low to find this particular swing (this swing has 2 versions that look identical from what I can see except for the toys hanging from the canopy.  That may not make a difference to some but after 4 daughters and now expecting my only son (and last child) I was being very particular.)So I found this on amazon.com and even though I don't typically like ordering off the internet, especially when I haven't seen the product in person, I decided to go ahead with my order.  I put my order in on a Saturday night and by Monday they had sent me an email that it had shipped.  Plus, I got free standard shipping.  So I was happy until I learned through FedEx that the swing had never actually shipped.  So I called amazon and spoke with a very polite representative who not only sent me out a replacement but also upgraded my shipping to a 2 day.  I received it within 24 hours of speaking with her.But as far as the swing goes, I couldn't be happier!  I have purchased swings with my daughters and liked them and used them but I am in love with this swing.  It is soooo soft, perfect for a baby.  I also love the ac adapter so I don't have to run out and purchase batteries all the time.  The colors are beautiful for both boy or girl, the mp3 player input is awesome, the sound system on the swing is more clear than any other swing I've had or tried in the store.  So easy to put together, honestly I don't think it took 5 minutes...no screws, no tools needed.  Love the feature of being able to take off the seat and use your own Graco car seat and no loud clank noise when it rocks baby.  So all in all, you get what you paid for.  The only possible downfall I could possibly imagine is that I would use this until my son is about 6 months and then I think he will need more toys/stimulation to keep him occupied.