Just use common sense and then you don’t need to create a “Fort Knox” environment with every door latched and locked.Now, onto the review….No product that I’ve used works and installs better or faster than this one.  It's taken me about a year and $500 of purchases and returns to find the best kid safety products for my home but I've finally done it!  This is one of them.  Don’t let the price deter you…there are cheaper solutions but you will pay for it in other ways!  But it’s not the most expensive either.1) You don't need the screws which saves time and frustration.  The adhesive is holding up fine even with me forgetting to open the gently.  If you think you need the screws mount with the tape first and then predrill and screw them in.  The tape will let you find the perfect spot.  I can't stress this benefit enough....all the other products I've used end up coming loose, slide out of place and end up not working properly.2) Its versatile.  I can see this working on 90% of drawers, cabinets and anything you need to latch.3) Aesthetics:  It allows you to close the drawer completely.  My wife was complaining about this with other products and it was actually the main reason I kept looking for other products. The mount on many (most) products keeps the drawer open an 1/8" or more which does look sloppy.  It still opens a slightly to allow you to push down the latch but the drawer closes 100% since the latch base does not add a spacer to the drawer/door.4) KISS.  It’s simple and sturdy.  No springs and no complicated hood and latch design.5) They are easy to get used to.  This is critical since products that are annoying are tempting to stop using.Again, use these to keep your kid from accessing low level drawers and cabinets with pens, pot lids, spoons, forks, etc..  Do not use them as the only preventive measure for the storage of dangerous chemicals or really sharp objects within the child’s reach.  You need to rearrange your house if necessary and put those items out of reach AND add latches to those cabinets as well.  Kids are clever and adults are sometimes lazy and forgetful.  Plan for that and you’ll be safer than you were before!