I made the "mistake" of immediately putting my daughter in her crib from the day she was home from the hospital.  I quoted "mistake" because, although we saved ourselves the issue of weaning her from the bassinet/pack-n-play like most people have to do - by never teaching her to sleep in anything but her crib we screwed ourselves for vacations/anytime her crib wasn't available.When you travel, you can generally easily obtain a cheap pack-n-play which is NOTHING like a crib.  I was shocked at the thin cardboard bottom and the bars easily felt through the cardboard.  Not shockingly, my daughter refused to sleep in it.  Luckily, she sleeps okay in her infant seat which although not recommended, is better then nothing.She also seems to not mind sleeping in bed with us.  That's good and dandy, and your choice as a parent if you chose to co-sleep - but I can't sleep with G in my bed.  I lay there staring at her perfect little eyelashes, listening to her adorable breathing and she seems to be most comfortable when my arm is contorted in a way that after 20 minutes it no longer feels like it is attached to my body.After the third trip, and third week of mommy getting no sleep, baby being cranky and everyone feeling sad that our dreams of travel needed to go on hold until we come up with a solution - I read about the GoCrib.I bought it, despite the price-tag being near what I paid for my loved (Graco Lauren+sealy soybean mattress) crib, and decided if it worked it would be worth it.Set up is insanely easy.  Pull it out of the box, pull it out of its shockingly small backpack and use the included pump to blow it up.Not a single person has seen this crib and not commented how ingenius it is.G LOVES it.  She sleeps like a dream in it.  G also tends to stand up a lot in her crib, and move around and I feel very confident she won't be able to knock this over.We've been using it nightly for OVER A MONTH and she still sleeps great.  We've been all over the east coast, and in multiple states.  I've flown with it checked in my luggage (pretty big for that, displaced enough stuff to be annoying) and I've used it as my carry on.  Its compact.  I had myself (5'2, 110lbs), my daughter, a tote/diaper bag, and this crib and didn't feel weighed down or over-whelmed.Its easy to store, fits back into its own bag with little struggle, and may be the best baby purchase I've made in awhile. 100% worth the money.If you're like me, love to travel and plan on taking your little one with you - I highly recommend this travel crib.Only con?  I'm not thrilled with the color scheme.  Weird green/yellow and brown - yuck.--->Side note: For the first three weeks I did not have a sheet for it, it was out of stock everywhere and then took a couple days to come in when it was in stock.  I used a A&A blanket as a make shift sheet and although not ideal, since its summer and warmth wasn't an issue (my daughter is also 13 months old) it was okay.  I did buy the PLUSH sheet to go with it based off other recommendations, and its incredible.  Its SO SO soft and adds another 1/2 inch or so in softness to the "mattress" so it probably wouldn't be great for younger babies that are not able to lift their own heads.---> Side note 2:  I also looked at the Baby Bjorn/ Phil & Teds.  This one just seems to make the most sense to me, and seemed the easiest.