Getting past the misspelling of the word "crumb" in the product title ....The product is wonderful for the reasons that other reviewers stated: easy on/off, sturdy yet lightweight, well made snap, wipes clean easily, offers great coverage without too much bulk, no plastic "chafing" sound or feeling as when using nylon smock style bibs.The down sides to this bib are: if something like oatmeal is allowed to harden on the bib which will happen on those crazy, get-out-of-the-door-quick days, food will adhere to the somewhat porous surface of the bib and you will have to work on it with warm soapy water to free the food.  Tomato sauce will stain it.  Under those two conditions you will need to work on cleaning the bib, and inevitably the underneath part of the bib will get wet during the process.  The back of the bib is canvas without the rubber coating and can become saturated with water. This bib will not dry easily, so unless you use some kind of radiant heat source to let it completely dry out, mold will accumulate on the back fabric. They don't recommend machine washing this bib, but rather than replace it I have machine washed it and even bleached it, which removed the mold, however you will need radiant heat of some kind to dry the bib as previously mentioned. The bib sustained a handful of washings, however the color on the front surface has faded as a result.  Bibs will need laundering from time to time regardless of usage instructions, the color fading and radiant heat drying isn't much of a problem, it's just something to consider.I am finally buying a second bib to keep on hand a year from purchase just because we eventually got rid of all of the other style bibs (we bought at least one of every style) and with it's imperfections, this is still our go-to bib.The one gripe I have are the ugly, loud color offerings. I was hoping that the popularity of the product would allow DEX to expand to other prints aside from the loud blue and hot pink and I see they have done so; on to more ugly loud animals and garish declarations of toddler princess.  Since I am the one looking at and maintaining this bib I wish I could look at something more pleasant. We sometimes take pictures of our darling at some cute food milestone and I cringe at the bib sometimes stealing the shot but I guess we'll have something to laugh at 30 years later. I can't support the idea that the color is for kid-appeal because my child hates wearing a bib no matter what's on it. Really the color is the only thing that stops me from buying a bunch to keep on hand. Guess that's a good thing for my budget.