I love this seat. I bought it for my 8 year old daughter. She had outgrown her booster with a back and really did not want anything babyish. But I wanted something that was safe and comfortable for road trips. She is very thin and her bum gets so sore from riding. Most of the less expensive booster seats just have a 1/4 inch pad of fabric over the plastic. This one has at least 1 - 1&1/5 inches of firm foam - so much better for her. This makes the 6th - 8th hour in the car more tolerable for us in the front seats. I did not realize how little padding there really was on her old seat.The cup holder is a nice addition.I LOVE that it can be attached to a latch system. Much more secure. I made a fast stop once only to look back and see that her old booster seat had slid off the seat and out from under the seat belt. I also like that when she gets out of the car the booster seat does not fall out of the car or onto the floorboards. It is very easy to un-latch - just pull the tongue on the front under the seat.All the directions and labels are printed on a big white label on the front edge of the seat. I don't like that - looks ugly. But still worth it for the added security and comfort.She liked that she could pick her color. I like that the cover comes off and is easily washable. A bit tight to put back on but I got it back on without losing any bad words. Foam bottom comes off too for cleaning. We got to experience a deep car seat cleaning after a typical kid moment (my stomach hurts . . .). I really loved this seat after that.It is also narrower than most booster seats - nice if we have an extra passenger and have to squeeze in the back seat. If you have a larger child it might not be as comfortable for them as the seating area is smaller too.After this purchase, I bought one for my son as well. He is 5 and loves it too - although, he was sad to give up having 2 cup holders and the other 2 areas that he could put all his stuff (ie - gross sticky junk that I had to periodically clean/scrape out). PS - the cup holder comes off - you can wash it in the sink!