I was given a baby mirror to affix to my rearview mirror several years ago, and after it had finally lost it's sticky, i realized I had to buy another one for my continued safe driving. I read all the reviews and was resigned to this product because it resembled my old one.  When the mirror arrived, the first feature that impressed me was the clarity of the mirror.  I had gotten used to the "fun house" quality of my previous one and figured it was to be accepted.  Not this one.  It has NO distortion and is slightly "fish-eyed" so you can see the entire rear seat without tilting your head.  I have two car seats in the back and I can see my children's entire bodies, so I know when little sister thwacks her big brother.  I know that the visor attachment is meant for the front seat, but I used the suction cup just under the rearview mirror.  I had to take my eyes off the road to check the mirror on the visor.  I think losing a tiny bit of visibility is worth keeping my eyes on the road.The most important feature is it's heat resistance.  I live Florida and I've had the mirror in my car since the beginning of August and it hasn't budged or warped in our hot summer sun.  I can only speak for the suction cup attachment, but I doubt the visor attachment is a different design.If you don't have the same experience I did,  you might have gotten a defective one.  Send it back.Vendors prefer happy customers that write positive reviews.Update on this mirror.  It is now 2014, and my 5 and 7 year old are still suffering from Mom knowing exactly what is going on in the back seat.  I am still driving (and parking) in the Florida heat, and it has not fallen off.  Sometimes, when the ball joint get bumped, I have to fiddle with it to get it into a position where it stays put, but once I readjust the mirror properly, it is fine.  The clarity of the mirror is also still perfect, despite effects of time and heat.  The product recommends placing the mirror in the back seat or on the visor, but just under the rear view mirror really is the best placement.I'll concede that perhaps quality has changed over the years, but usually quality is tied to batches in production, so every few months the quality of goods can vary wildly, especially in Chinese manufacturing (which is why amazon reviews are so all-over-the-place).  If you get a bad product, always contact the manufacturer personally and they are pretty good about hand selecting a product in good condition.