After extensive research on just about every type of carrier out there, and reading more reviews than I care to recount, I finally settled on purchasing the Jeep 2-in-1 carrier.  I had considered, based on the extensive reviews, to initially purchase a BabyBjorn carrier but let's face it... over $60 for a carrier???  Oh heck no! I have a 3-month old baby and the expense of buying diapers, wipes, and various and other sundry baby items means I need to conserve money where I can.So I purchased this carrier, and within a few days after receiving, we had a chance to test it when my husband and I took our 3-month old and our new found Jeep carrier with us to a Renaissance Festival.  It worked like a dream!  I love the way the straps fasten for the parent.  It meant that I could easily take it on & off, and adjusting it was wonderfully simple.  When my husband took over carrying, there wasn't a lot of fuss or complication to adjust it to his height and build.  In addition, because we live in Houston, I love the fact that the front flap folds up to allow extra ventilation.  Most other carriers do not have this feature.  I also appreciate the fact that it has an adjustable section on the bottom so you can tighten it for smaller babies and expand as they get older/bigger.  The way the front folds down and the sides adjust make it perfect for when my little one wants to have her arms free.  Also, this carrier enables us to have her facing our chest when she needs a little extra comforting, or facing out (which is most of the time) so she can see everything going on.  As a matter of fact, even facing out, she was so perfectly comfortable, she feel asleep and slept soundly for over an hour!  I would also mention that the way the sides are designed allows parents to easily slip baby out of the carrier when they do fall asleep.  My daughter didn't even stir it was such a smooth transition.Since using the carrier at the Renaissance Festival, I have used the carrier to take my daughter to the grocery store, book store, to the mall.... you name it, she has been there.  She is happiest when she can look around and see what's going on, and this carrier enables her to do that, while giving me a sense of security that she is safe, comfortable, and not going to overheat while I'm carrying her about.So a quick summation: Excellent design, reasonable price, easily adjustable; I highly recommend this to anyone considering purchasing a front-style baby carrier, it is truly an amazing product.