This product is amazing. I cannot say enough wonderful things about it.I am 34 weeks pregnant and this is my 33rd pregnancy. Throughout the end of my 2nd pregnancy I could barely walk without excruciating pain. I later found out that I had SPD (moderate to severe pubic bone pain due to the spreading or separation of the ligaments in the pubic symphysis area). During my second pregnancy my sweet husband bought me several prenatal massages to try and treat the pain, but the relief only lasted a day or two at best.I was hopeful that maybe with this pregnancy I would be okay, but for the last few weeks I've been in agony again. And once again we were looking at massage therapy to relieve the pain. While waiting for my ob to return from delivering a baby so I could have my biweekly check up, I decided to go to a nearby spa and see if they could fit me in for a prenatal massage that day. Given their proximity to an ob's office, they have a lot of products catered to pregnant women.As I began describing my pain to a spa employee, she whipped out one of these belly bands and suggested I give it a try. She measured my belly and suggested I try on a medium (I am 5' 10" and 200 lbs and measured 42" around my belly). It was INCREDIBLE. The relief was immediate. I was absolutely stunned, walking around the spa with absolutely no pain. I was thrilled... until she mentioned the price. $70?? I was sure I could find something cheaper that would work just as well. So I called my local Babies R Us and they assured me they had a vast selection of belly bands for me to choose from.So after my ob check up, I went to Babies R Us and tried on a few bands. None of them really helped, but I decided to go ahead and purchase one of the cheaper ones. I figured any support was better than no support.After I got home I strapped on the cheaper band and gave it a test run. After nearly an hour of wearing the cheaper band, I realized how wrong I was. Not only did it just not support my belly, but it would roll up on itself and then it would be digging into my back and sides.My husband ultimately insisted that I return the less expensive band and he ordered this one from Amazon. And I am SO happy he did!! I have worn this belly band for 2 days now and I feel almost normal; no pain, just bigger around :DIf you are wondering if this is worth the price, let me reassure you, IT IS and then some! I spent around $200 during my last pregnancy trying to find this kind of relief. I wish I could go back 3 years and give myself this band and save myself $130.As far as the complaints about the Velcro not working after a few washes, it makes me wonder if they are following the washing directions. Hand wash in cold water and lay flat to dry. If they were washed in a machine that could damage the Velcro. I imagine using any type of fabric softener might do that as well.I have only had mine a few days though. I will update in a few weeks.