I have the older version of this product, and LOVE it. It's grey, but looks exactly the same.  I tried a few other warmers at first, but they did not do the job like this one does, plus other warmers had weird quirks, were not user friendly, etc.  I tried an Avent one that said you had to refill every time you warmed, or check the water (too high maintenance), also  Munchkin one from Target that sucked completely--didn't warm at all, plus you had to refill water constantly also.  I actually purchased two of these warmers, one for upstairs and downstairs (I got mine from Target for $41 each), then they went on clearance for $20. (I had two babies, 13 months apart). Unfortunately Babies R Us doesn't carry this item, and Target no longer does. I never saw the item anywhere else (than Target) but Amazon. I am so dependent on these warmers that I bought a third warmer (when it was on clearance, just in case). I've recommended this to a friend, also. So far the other two warmers have been fine, my sister is pregnant now, so I plan to give her the unopened warmer I bought months ago. I really like how the buttons are user-friendly, consistent (if used properly), and  low maintenance. I try to keep the water filled in the reservoir, but it's unnecessary, I believe you need to fill only once daily. I also have the Avent bottles (which I LOVE also), I bought the blue ones for my son & pink for my daughter. One word of advice, since the bottles are plastic, I noticed that you must go up on the volume settings, so it gets the milk to the right temp (for example, if there's 5 oz of milk, then warm the bottle at 6-7 oz). I read somewhere that if glass bottles are used, then you go by the exact volume, since glass is more sensitive to the heat. Of course, this is has been my experience with my warmers. (Make sure you check the milk temp regardless!) Also, sometimes when my babies don't finish their bottles right away, it's easy to re-warm the milk, just adjust the setting to room temp.  I have used both breast milk and Enfamil formula constantly in these warmers, and have not been disappointed one bit. I'm surprised that people have given them such bad reviews. Honestly, I could say I've gotten my money's worth for this item, and haven't even done the recommended descaling (that's recommended for many products like sterilizers/warmers/etc.) in the now nearly 16 months of using them--that's how low maintenance it is!  The buttons are user friendly, with settings to warm different volumes, different temps, different sizes of bottles (and baby food jars--although I never used it for baby food), and breast milk/formula. Very smart warmer!!