We knew from the beginning that our twin boys would be exclusively formula fed so we knew we needed to find some kind of a system to help ease the demand of their dual feedings. About three months before the babies were due, we received two "sample" 4 oz Mixie bottles from The Doctors TV show. I took a look at them and read what material we could find online about them (they were still pretty new on the market). We practiced washing and prepping them. It wasn't long before we knew that these were the bottles for us! We ended up buying two more 4 oz bottles (totaling 4 bottles) and decided to see how they worked before investing in the larger size.Immediately after the boys came home we knew we had made a stellar investment! Being able to prep the bottles before hand for use in an instant was 100% worth it to us! I'm a prepper personality anyways; I tend to set out clothes the night before, pack the diaper back for the next day's events, etc. So I loved the ability to prep yet another baby item for easy on the go use. Right away we bought four 8 oz Mixie bottles to add to our collection. Every night before bed we make sure all the bottles are prepped. I can't even tell you how quick and easy it makes our (many) middle of the night feedings!However, the Mixie bottle is not for everyone. My sister tried them after us and really disliked them. She didn't like how much work they were to clean and prep. The Mixie really does have a lot of components that can make the bottle intimidating for those unfamiliar with the functionality of each piece. Plus the bottle is a little weightier then most others. She didn't like that much either. Personally those cons are neither here nor there for me but they might be a big deal for others.Here are some tips for getting the most out of your Mixie Bottle use:- During the first few uses, avoid using hot water in the bottle. I like to put extremely hot water in my bottles when I prep them (hours before use) so that when the time comes for baby to use the bottle, the water is still slightly warm or at least room temperature (without me having to hassle with the microwave). Generally this plan works great. However, I noticed that on my newer bottles that hadn't been "broken in" with a few previous cleanings, the rubber on the lid of the formula compartment would swell in the hot water and compromise the seal between the water and powder. Water would slowly drip into the formula making it into this sticky clay like substance that wouldn't mix and was surely filled with bacteria. So keep the water in the bottle at room temp or slightly warm until the bottle has been broken in adequately.- The air vent on the side of the nipple also needs to be broken in before it's truly effective. The new nipple is firmer and less pliable, allowing for improper air flow and causing the nipple to collapse to the point that baby can hardly suckle. When you see this start to happen simply give it a little press with your finger and the issue will dissipate. Again, after a few uses and cleanings you won't need to do this anymore.- Make sure the seal on the bottom bottle ring is proper and tight. More then once I've gone to grab a bottle out of my bag or cupboard to find that it's leaked out an ounce or two of water. It's somewhat easy to screw the ring on lopsided. If you do this it may look like it's on all the way but it's really not.- What you scoop the powder into the formula container it may fill up quicker then you anticipated leaving the powder spilling over the sides or leaving you no room to add that last ounce. This is easily remedied by tapping the filled formula cup (unsealed) on a firm surface (like your kitchen count. This allows the powder to settle to the bottom and will give you ample room for extra powder. I have been able to fit 2.5 scoops into the 4 oz bottle cup and 4.5 scoops into the 8 oz bottle cup all while maintaining a proper lid seal.- Make sure to remember that when you fill the bottle with however many ounces of fluid *WHILE THE POWDER CUP IS SEALED* the ounce measurement on the side of the bottle is true. However, the moment you pop the powder lid and mix the bottle the measurement changes. The amount of fluid in the bottle remains the same but it reflects differently on the scale because fluid has now entered the powder cup (which was previously blocked off). What I mean is, if you have the 4 oz bottle filled with 4 oz of fluid with a sealed powder cup, the minute you pop the powder lid the bottle will then reflect having been filled with only two ounces. That is because one ounce of fluid has now entered the previously closed cup. In the 8 oz bottle the change is by 2 ounces. So if you have 8 ounces of fluid and pop the lid, the bottle will reflect 6 ounces. #scienceAll in all, for us, the Mixie was worth EVERY pretty penny spent on it! We highly recommend these bottles for formula feeding mommies!