I'll briefly describe my personal experience before I go over the main points of likely interest. Skip straight to bullets if you just want the quick & dirty. My 4 month old is exclusively breastfed so we administer vitamin d drops daily. In addition to that, she has reflux, so we have a prescription liquid Zantac to administer 3 times a day (though I rarely need to give all 3 doses). sometimes we give her the OTC infant gas drops (simethicone). On rare occasions we've given her a wee bit of gripe water.When I purchased this handy little guy we were just trying to get the vitamin d down. The other stuff came later and then I was particularly glad we had this. The vitamin d is sticky and gross (I tasted it). I tried giving it to her with the dropper. I could make that method work only if I took 10 minutes administering the 1ml dose one tiny little drop at a time, waiting after each drop for her to stop fussing & reluctantly swallow. That's fine now and then but got really old for a daily medicine - not to mention TWO daily medicines!  Lots of people/nurses tried to show me the various techniques for dropping in the whole ml and getting her to swallow all of it in one step, but my girl wasn't having it. She'd just channel her inner llama and spit that mess right back out. then she'd be all sticky...which resulted in crying as I tried to clean her up and get it out of the fat rolls in her neck. the dose would be wasted...we'd have to start all over...you get the picture. It didn't take long for me to swear off the droppers and the syringes. I use this literally every single day. It's a crucial part of the morning routine. It holds about 1/2 ounce of liquid, which is more than enough room to hold multiple medications and plenty of milk or formula to mask the taste. It's easy to wash and it's held up for about two months so far.-  its the perfect size if you're trying to mask the taste of medicine by mixing it with something else that baby likes. You don't have to worry about baby getting full before its all gone. I like that I can easily hand express milk right in to it with little effort. I don't have to get out the pump and dirty all the pieces and go through that whole routine. Just drop in the meds, spend about 90 seconds hand expressing, put the lid on & good to go. * I shake it up, gently. I know you're not supposed to shake baby bottles right before your baby eats it because of the air bubbles, but I've rationalized shaking this because if it's full, there's not that much air...and if it makes air bubbles - how many could it possibly make in such a little thing? it's fine, so says I.-  the bottom is flat, so you can set it on the counter or whatever while you drop in the medicine or add milk/formula/juice. Also, the wide mouth (wide compared to med dispensers, not bottles) makes it easy to hand express because it'll still catch any wonky milk streams that have gotten out of line. (sorry, tmi).-  the bottle nipple is fine. It's not fancy. very basic. Functions as it should. I have had no trouble with "nipple confusion" as a result of using this daily. It takes my baby less than two minutes to crush the whole thing and then she nurses fine the rest of the time.-  the top (nipple collar thing) is the only part I really really hate about this product. When the lid is on properly, it's actually a pretty good seal. won't leak. can be shaken up without slinging stuff everywhere (w/ a finger over the hole in the nipple). The problem is that I find it ridiculously difficult to get the lid on properly. It doesn't screw on. It just kinda snaps on and pops off. for whatever reason, sometimes that lid just does not want to snap closed. I've spilled a couple of prepared meds when it slipped out of my hand. You just have to push really hard. I've noticed that it gets worse as time goes by, so I'm pretty sure that it's getting warped - probably from the warm water I've used to clean it. If I got another one, I'd be more careful with it. I don't understand why they don't make it with a collar that screws on. If it had a screw top, I'd give it five stars.Despite not liking the lid, it's still way better than the other options and I still wouldn't want to be without it. I would recommend getting a couple of these if you think you'll use them a lot. I wish I had a spare.Hope that helps!