My 4 year old is 45 inches tall.  Finding a stroller that would accomodate a child this tall was a great challenge.  We do a lot of Disney and other long walking activities, and it was just not feasible to expect him to last all day on his feet under those conditions.I read reviews for 2 1/2 months and had narrowed it down to BOB Revolution and the Baby Jogger Summit XC.  I decided on the Baby Jogger simply because it has 2 inches more headroom.  I have had the stroller since March 2010 now and it has gone on many trips already.Pros (for me anyway):By far the smoothest rolling stroller I have ever pushed.  The shocks are just amazing.  You feel it give with every stride!My son fits in it perfectly.  His knees aren't at his chest, his feet are not dangling, and his head has room even with the canopy fully extended.HUGE canopy!Turns on a dimeSeems amazingly madeMy son loves itHand BrakeSwivel and locking front wheelAwesome accessories available.  I purchased the pump, childs tray, adult concole with MP3 hookup and the travel bag.Great to be checked as luggage while in the travel bag.With the wheels removed, it will fit in just about any trunk.The wheels remove VERY easilyThe one hand fold is truly one hand fold.Cons:The mere size of it.  It will not fit through security.  It has to be handled like a wheel chair, which is fine.Just allow more time to get through securityWhen folded with the accessories, or even the wheels it is very heavy and bulkyA little difficult to unfold because of the size and weightThe basket is neither a pro nor con.  For a jogger it is good sized, and worked better if accessed from the sides.  There is also a pouch behind the seat that holds quite a bit.I absolutely love this stroller.  I am very happy with my choice.UPDATE 06-16-11It has been over a year since I purchased this stroller and my son is now 5 and 48 inches tall.  He fits wonderfully in the stroller.  He is 49 pounds and the stroller pushes and turns like he is 10 pounds, even on carpet.I still love this stroller as much as the day I bought it.  As one other poster commented, you can remove the wheels very easily to fit the stroller through the security scanner.  It has been to Disneyland more than 8 times, to Disney World, to Las Vegas, Sea World, Lego Land and the zoo many many times.  It looks and acts like brand new.The BOBs of the same age look tattered, especially at the foot plate which they have now changed to plastic for good reason for 2011.Not every child that just turned 5 is 48 inches tall, but at theme parks, children need strollers through age 6 for an all day adventure.  Simply having a stroller that can and will last until you no longer need it makes it worth the money paid.I am a 48 year old mother of a 5 year old so he will be my last, but if I did ever have the need for a stroller again, it would be a Baby Jogger Summit hands down.