With our first baby, we carried a small suitcase (essentially!) and everything but the kitchen sink. These days, with four kiddos in tow, I need my arms and strength for more important things besides hefting an unnecessarily huge and heavy bag with me, like keeping my three year old from feeding the baby nuts or running into the street. (I can spot a new parent a mile away by their huge, fancy diaper bag...)I thoroughly examined, held and even purchased some of the following: JuJu Be, Petunia Picklebottom, Skip Hop Duo, and one more I can't even remember. And guess what? If I had a million dollars to spend on diaper bags, I'd still buy this slim little JJ Cole beauty. Why? Here are a few reasons:++Pockets galore! Inside and outside with lovely light liner inside to help make things visible. I never lose my keys now!! (Important because while I'm looking for my keys, my darling three year old is trying to find a stick to scratch the next car over.)++Several choices for handle straps (length and location)++Awesome, slim, easily foldable with velcro changing pad. I actually use it because it's not like wrestling an octopus to get it back in the bag neatly (and I feel as though I can speak with authority about wrestling many arms at a time...)++The metal feet on the bottom...I don't know why I like these, but I do.++Stroller clips - GENIUS! Easy to put on my stroller, easy to attach to my diaper bag (easier than the skip hop, juju be clips)++The size. I looked for a long time to find the smallest diaper bag (I really read all the dimensions on the bags to make sure I wasn't getting a small piece of luggage) and this is slightly bigger than a big purse, but still smaller than any other diaper bag out there. It's like a Mary Poppins bag because I can fit everything I need, but it's a sleek little size.In short, I adore this bag and I'm a diaper bag veteran and I really shopped around this time, but this is hands down the best for a fraction of the cost of many fancier bags out there.