I just purchased 4 Timi and Leslie diaper bags because I couldn't decide which one I would like. I will be taking advantage of Amazon Prime's free returns to send back all but one. Actually, I love them all, but here's how I chose my winner. (honestly, I could have used any of them and loved it, so don't be too turned off by my cons). Happy Mother's Day to me :)Dawn: Loved it.  pros- neutral taupe color is great. love the slim shape and style, fits nicely on my shoulder. Just based on look and fit, I think this would be my favorite  con- no outside pocket. (note- they all have a zipper pocket in the back, but this doesn't have a place for me to throw my  keys and phone on the outside where I can grab them easily. Not a huge deal probably, but important to me.Rachel- maybe my least favorite, but still a great bag  pros- nice neutral taupe color, nice small outside pockets to get to things easily (though you do have to zip them. even the little pockets on the outside with the clasp thing could be used for a phone or something small). Maybe the most room without taking up a lot of space. (Jessica is roomy, but seems bulkier)  cons- it's kind of tall so a little harder to get to the bottom of it, and the shoulder straps are pretty short so you almost  would have to use the messenger strap to wear it comfortably and be able to dig for things inside it. The way the main zipper zips around the edge seems a little cumbersome.Jessica- a nice big bag  pros- lots s great outside pockets to stash things, they are pretty roomy actually. Nice neutral taupe color. Wears ok with shoulder straps, nicely with messenger strap. Pretty wide, so lots of storage  cons- it's pretty wide, so it almost seemed like a suitcase. It's probably better in the messenger strap position, but then the other straps are hanging down all the time.  I might accumulate trash in all of the outside pockets, there is so much space there.Marilyn II- The winner.  pros- a few outside pockets that are just under a flap, so still easy to get to, but less likely to lose stuff. There is an extra outside pocket under the flap I couldn't see in the picture- perfect for an ipad or small laptop. Wears nicely with the shoulder strap. The brown color is nice, I thought it might look too plasticy based on the picture, but not really.  cons- Doesn't really work with the messenger strap (although I don't think I would want to use it anyway). I think I prefer the taupe color of the other bags, though this brown is nice, the taupe would be more versatile.My husband is nervous about me being able to return the extras, I will report back if there was a problem, but I don't expect there to be based on my experience with Amazon.**update- when my husband got home to give his opinion, he said the Brown Marilyn II bag was too "J. Lo" and plasticy looking, so I decided to go with the Jessica instead. Though I will miss the ipad/laptop pocket, I do prefer the neutral color and will be happy with all of the outside pockets and roomy inside.