I never leave reviews, but avidly read them before purchasing anything, and felt compelled to leave one about this product.  My almost three year old son came down with a cold on Christmas, and inevitably, so did my one month old daughter despite exclusive breastfeeding and attempts to keep our toddler at a distance (impossible).She was heavily congested, and I was using the "good" blue bulb aspirator that we got from the hospital to try and clear her out.  She absolutely hated it, and would literally push it away with her hand, all the while screaming bloody murder.  I dreaded doing it, but knew I had no choice because she couldn't breathe when she would try to breastfeed, and would wake up crying from the congestion.  It was miserable.In desperation, I sent my husband to Babies 'R Us late one evening to get the revered NoseFrida.  It worked fairly well at clearing her out with EXTREME effort that left me feeling dizzy and breathless, which of course I didn't mind as long as it gave her some relief, except she hated it as much as the bulb and after a couple of days, the hard plastic of the NoseFrida left her nose irritated and often times, she would move and end up getting stabbed in the nose or cheek with the tip while I struggled with it.  Not to mention, I would be actively putting all of my might into clearing her nose out, and then look down and realize that the pipe that the air flows down had been disconnected from the tube.  This happened frequently as the attachment was not secure, therefore it came out easily.  Very frustrating.The final problem that I encountered was that since my son also had a cold, if I wanted to use the NoseFrida on him, I would first have to go and clean the entire thing completely before I could, and then repeat the process before again using it on my daughter.  With a newborn and a VERY active toddler, who has time for that?So, I searched on Amazon as I frequently do to see what else was out there and came across Cozy Baby. Of course, it had far less reviews than the NoseFrida, but got a five-star rating and from what I had gathered from the other reviews and the description, had a soft silicone tip so no more painful poking or irritation if they move, plus two replacements tips (I can switch them out between my son and daughter), a nice little case to store everything in, and a bonus, nose tweezers/boogie snatchers which I also wanted and planned on purchasing separately from Amazon for around $7.95.  The Cozy Baby was only $13.95 and included nose tweezers, so I was sold and overnighted it.After using it and being thrilled with it, I promptly returned the NoseFrida and can safely say that if you're debating on which snot sucker to get, this one is far superior in every way.  The comfortable silicone tip, replacement parts that you can switch out between kids or washings, the pipe that attaches VERY securely to the tube and has never once became unattached unless I was the one pulling it off for cleaning, the shorter pipe and collection tube which makes it easier to use AND clean, the nice little case for storage/travel, and the nose tweezers which are also fantastic and useful.  There is no comparison.Best of all, it's effective at doing what it's designed to do, clear out snot, and my daughter is far more tolerant of this than she ever was of the blue bulb or the NoseFrida.  She doesn't seem to mind me using the Cozy Baby at all, and has actually fallen asleep or stayed sleeping while I was using it on her. Avoid the frustrations of the flawed NoseFrida, and get Cozy Baby instead.  You won't regret it.  THIS should be the snot sucker with all the rave reviews, which is why despite never leaving them, I actually took the time to do so with this product.  If it ever gets worn out or breaks, I will be replacing it in an instant!