I must preface with the fact that I'm writing this review after putting together the stroller and strollering my toddler around the house - we haven't actually taken it on its maiden voyage yet.  I will also say - I LOVE THIS STROLLER - so why the 4 stars, you ask?  I took off 1 star because this darn thing is heavy.  I folded it up and put it over my shoulder and it's quite cumbersome.  Now, that likely adds to stability and endurance - but - I bought this so I can take my son to theme parks and the like by myself more easily (as opposed to the bigger stroller that doesn't fold up or have a carrying strap - and is, to be fair, even heavier).  The weight makes this a little tougher - but, it's not enough to stop me from saying I LOVE THIS STROLLER!Here's what I love that it sets it apart from other similar strollers:1. It looks super modern and chic....not like most typical strollers.  The eclipse color almost resembles dark denim and is very stylish.2. I love that it includes a rain cover (and the rain cover is easy to stow in the storage bag and fits the stroller wonderfully - and is really really easy to put on).  We live in Florida and will obviously be mostly using this outside - hello, afternoon summer showers.  We have a great rain cover for our bigger stroller but it's so nice to have one that's made for the stroller included.3. I love that part of the hood is transparent (though it still includes sun protection).  It allows my toddler to look up and see out while still being protected from the sun.4. I love that it reclines and that the reclined seat isn't permanently connected to the rest of the stroller.  This allows for ventilation and air circulation while he naps...and, again, Florida.  It's HOT outside.5. It was very easy to fold and unfold.6. The handles are VERY TALL.  My husband is 6' and my dad is 6'4".  They have a hard time pushing a lot of strollers comfortably...not this one!  I'm 5'4" and it works great for me, too.  Versatility wins!7. It has built in pads on the straps.  I thought my son would outgrow the need for this as he got older - and I suppose he did - but it's also really nice for him to be comfortable - especially when his sleepy little head starts to fall over :)8. Even though it's heavy, it is great that it includes a removable carrying strap.  It also has a built in handle if you don't want to leave the strap on.9. It was easy to put together and figure out.10.  GREAT price for the value of this stroller.11.  And it has a cupholder for my Starbucks.  Toddler, remember?Here are a few cons just to be fair:1. The under storage basket is pretty tiny.  This is expected with an umbrella stroller - but - it is still sad.  There has to be a way to make more space in the basket.2. I'll reiterate - it's not light as a feather.3. I fixed it - but - when I received it, it had a glitch.  One of the two bars that holds the seat up wasn't clicking into place correctly and so the seat was solid on one side and flimsy on the other - AKA my son would not have been able to use the stroller.  I turned it over and went into mechanic mode and was able to fix it.  I'm including pictures of the issue so that you can fix it, too, if this happens to you.  (Details about how I fixed it at the end of this review.)ALL IN ALL?  Fabulous purchase.  I'm sad I waited so long to take the plunge in a better umbrella stroller.  We have a regular stroller that came with our travel system, a jogging stroller, and a super cheap-o Babies R Us umbrella stroller. - but we didn't have anything in between.  This is it and it's wonderful.  I am taking my son to Disney Friday and I can't wait to put this stroller to work!How to fix the glitch if it happens to you:What happened was that the little metal bar wasn't springing all the way to the bottom of the housing.  Two pics show the issue and two pics show the other side which didn't have the issue.  I fixed it by pushing and pulling on the black wires that control the recline mechanism until the spring popped into place.  It worked perfectly and smoothly after that.  Good luck!