Okay, I have to start off by saying that I hardly ever write a review but I just had to chime in and give my personal experience with this tub. I'm also thankful I didn't pay attention to the reviews prior to purchasing this product. I absolutely love this tub!! It does NOT leak.REPEAT: It doesn't leak. A few of these reviews say, "when snapped in the two sides, it leaks"....You have to ensure it is snapped in THREE locations: one on each side and one at the bottom where the two pieces of the tub adjoin. It can be quite hard to get the bottom to snap, but once it does...it doesn't leak. When I first used this tub, I didn't have the bottom properly snapped...filled it up and the water just ran out of the tub. I thought, "no way"...picked up the instructions and LO and BEHOLD, read that I have to hear a loud snap from the bottom of the tub. Tried it and voila...it worked like a charm. Please don't be fooled, this tub DOESN'T leak. What's more probable??... that myself and a handful of other people magically received tubs that don't leak and the rest that were manufactured had a defect...or that the majority of people just thought they only needed to snap the two sides in place??Also, the sling works great. We put the frog sponge over the sling which gives added comfort to my baby girl. We have never bathed her without the sponge over the sling so I honestly don't know if the material of the sling is rough on her bottom. I periodically wash the sling and the sponge in the washing machine and neither have fallen apart. We've been using this tub since she was seven weeks(pretty much every single night) and have yet to encounter any issues. She is twelve weeks and we're still using the froggy sponge and sling. She weighs twelve and half pounds and don't foresee any problems except for maybe needing to purchase a new froggy sponge. It's starting to rip a tad around the froggy neck, but nothing that requires immediate attention. We may even be able to go all the way until she can sit up on her own and no longer need the sponge. Even if we do need to get another, I believe a replacement is approximately seven dollars. The rinse cup it comes with is a perfect size to rinse shampoo out of her hair and the wash cloth has a nice soft texture.All in all, I'm sooooo happy I didn't pay attention to the crappy reviews of this product. I admit I was leery about it because of all the negative comments, but I decided for a risky purchase and it has panned out beautifully. Oh and I don't recall paying $55. I swear I paid around $30...perhaps look at Babies R Us. dunno. hope this helps.