VERSION PURCHASED:  Graco Pack n Play On the Go Travel Playard (Little Hoot)This is a GREAT Pack N Play!  I purchased this as a Baby Shower Gift for my sister as she plans to be on the go a bit after the baby comes, and I wanted a "crib" that could move around with her.  I have experience with older Pack N Plays, and was anxious about the Bassinet feature but MAN, I am so happy with it!I received the package today in the original Graco Product Box (no extra shipping box if purchased from Amazon LLC), opened up the box, pulled out the nicely folded up pack n play, unfolded the mat, set that aside, then set up the pack n play within 1 minute,  I am NOT exaggerating... I followed the instructions (listed on the back of the mat) and had it up and ready to go within a minute.MEASUREMENTS:  GRACO Product Packaging (What it is shipped in)  2' 4" (H) x 10.5" (L) x 10.5" (W)  Pack n Play Itself  Pack N Play 'Interior Space' is 2' (H) x 3' 2" (L) x 2' 3" (W)  Pack N Play Bassinet sits 9.5" inches below the top of the Pack N Play and has the same Width and Length as above.  *Note that this leaves about 1' 2" of space under the bassinet for LIGHT storage (the mat is being used in the bassinet,  so no solid bottom... be careful not to rip the fabric...The colors are EXACTLY what you see in the picture.  Not too bright, natural colors with that touch of teal blue in the owls as well as the mat and stars.  The natural colors make sure that this is a gender nutruel item, and that it doesn't clash with it's surroundings.  The owls are SUPER cute as well!You can buy standard play yard FITTED sheets (I purchased mine from Target via Circo brand, I personally like the Chevron Grey & White 2-Pack listed at $10 http://www.target.com/p/circo-pack-n-play-play-yard-fitted-sheet-set/-/A-15035976 ).  The mat itself is somewhat water proof, and I personally would recommend always using a sheet to prevent the baby from 'sticking' to the mat, hehehe.SIDE NOTE:  If your bed is high enough (My guest bedroom bed sits about 2' 3" in height) this can kind of be used as a co-sleeper unit.  The side does NOT go down, but the Pack n Play is slightly shorter than the bed and would allow me to roll to the side of the bed, pick up the baby from the bassinet (scoop down a tad) and then easily put the baby back.  Also gives a great view of the sleeping baby while you are in bed yourself.  So it is a nice option!Again, super happy with this product and may purchase one for myself!  A friend is buying one after seeing it today!  I have included photos to show the simple and easy to follow instructions, what it actually looks like (including with a sheet on the mat), the product/shipping package, and how it would sit next to the bed as a 'co-sleeper' unit.