When we got season passes to Knott's Berry farm, we deliberated over whether we should buy a double stroller or just rent one while there. Buying one made a lot more financial sense, but the last thing we wanted was a big clunky stroller taking up trunk space or house space, especially since we wouldn't be using it every day. I finally decided to chance it with this stroller and placed my order. I am so glad that I did!I have included a picture of this stroller collapsed with a regular umbrella stroller in front of it. I apologize for the terrible lighting, but hopefully you can see that it is about the size of two very compact umbrella strollers. It fit into the trunk of our car without any issue whatsoever. Once we got to the park, I just lifted it right out and popped it into position for the kids. It is extremely easy and straightforward.Assembly was simply a matter of pushing wheels into place and snapping on the single cupholder. I wish there would have been two, but at the price I am not complaining.I was worried that it wouldn't have enough storage since there is no basket underneath, but it was fine. It has net bags on the back which were holding all kinds of stuff by the end of the day. I put my purse over one handle and the very full diaper bag/backpack over the other. The back pack got close to the ground but never actually touched it.Our 3.5 year old is tall and slim. She didn't use the stroller much, but it fit her perfectly. Our 18 month old son is a bit short but a good weight. He kept getting an arm at a time out of the shoulder straps which was a bit annoying and we couldn't adjust it to where that did not happen. The canopies were pretty pointless.The stroller was very comfortable to maneuver and fit through doorways without any issues. The wheel locks worked perfectly. I am 5'2" and liked the height, but their dad is 5'11" and wished the handles were just a tiny bit higher up.At the end of the day, it was a piece of cake to collapse the stroller and put it back into the trunk. It is very lightweight.All in all, I'd say this stroller is definitely worth the price. It is not fancy and it is not perfect, but it is functional. The compact size for being a double is great! I would definitely recommend it to families on a small budget.