These are just as they appear in the photo in terms of color -- really pretty!  and they function just as we hoped -- our 3-month-old (now 4 months) son loves to look at them, hold them, and put the flat beads in his mouth.  He will hold on to the necklace for support and put it in his mouth while my husband or I are wearing it.  It's a playful way to bond with him, and seems to add to his sense of security!The string between the beads is a matching (similar turquoise) ribbon or synthetic cord.  It's very attractive and strong, and doesn't seem to stain.  The whole thing can be placed in the dishwasher (we also got a bracelet as a gift, and it's been through the clothes washer on accident, no problem -- and it's on stretchy cord, not static cord like the necklace!).I think that buying only one of these necklaces makes it worth the price.  However, it's a pretty high price.  Having more than one in different colors would be a nice option, but, we had to choose only one, and it turned out to be a good bet.Detail on the dimensions of the two types of beads in the necklace would have been useful, as they are larger than we expected, and don't fit well into baby's mouth at this point.  (Beads on the bracelet are slightly smaller.)The description says that the beads are 100% silicone; however, they still have a bit of a synthetic smell to them, even after washing.  I only want extremely inert things going into my kid's mouth (other than food!), and I decided to mostly trust the company's statement that these are safe.  However, if they smell like something off-gassing, it makes me a little nervous.  A little more description of materials might alleviate that.Also, note that the break-away clasp  -- two pieces of plastic that pop apart -- is quite strong.  I don't think my child's weight (12 pounds) would pop it open.All around, a fun and beautiful necklace that appears to be all it says it is, and stimulating for our baby.  I'm very pleased that it's on the market -- great idea!