This product would normally get 5 stars, because I love it, but I did have to dismantle it and replace the belt upon arrival to get the blades to actually spin. I didn't mind, and their customer service rep said I could either try it myself or do an exchange and this handy girl looked at the 4 fruits and veggies already cooked up and ready to blend sitting around her kitchen and just didn't want to wait for a replacement.Aside from that, I really do love this. I was dubious about its usefulness since I already have a steamer and a food processor at home, but I'm glad I tried it. My food processor doesn't get purees smooth enough for Stage 1 and some Stage 2 foods, and I was using waaaay too many dishes and pots to get everything steamed or boiled or baked and then pureed. I imagined that this would be very limited in the size of the pitchers and I thought I wanted to make large batches of baby food at a time - but again I was wrong. Each pitcher will hold two large pears and that ends up being 13oz of baby food (less dense items like a full pitcher of broccoli will get you 7oz). Making more than that at once just meant I was filling my freezer with large batches of purees in a consistency that she'll only eat for 2 months, max. My baby needs gradually chunkier food and gradually expanding flavors, and since she doesn't eat much at each sitting and has fewer "meals" than we do anyway, the 13oz of pears will last us 10-13 days at Stage 1 and 5-6 days at Stage 2. Plus, it's EASY while making broccoli for your own dinner to just turn and throw a handful of broccoli in the Babycook and get enough portions for that night and the rest of the week. I like not having to remember how many minutes to steam each food, since the amount of water you put in controls the time it steams and almost all veggies are level 3 and almost all fruits are level 2. Easy! I'm semi-addicted to it and find 20 minutes each night to blend up whatever we have lying around, even when I'm alone with the baby. The only part you can't safely do one-handed is the chopping prep. After that I can carry my daughter around and do everything else, including get the purees into ice trays and in the freezer. Win!!Pros:Great size of pitchers means quick prep and leftovers to freezeTwo pitchers means two different foods are made easily at onceOperation is incredibly simple, and no memorization of timing is neededStylishQuieter than food processor or blenderPurees much more smoothly than food processor (pic included)Washes up easily after each batchPitchers don't stain, even after sweet potatoes and beetsSelf-contained, not a bunch of parts lying around to be stored (unlike my food processor)Requires little counter space - plenty of room in front of the machine to chop and lay out freezer traysCons:Only one side blends (but it didn't slow me down much)Had to replace the belt (hopefully not a frequent problem)Expensive