We were using pre-folds on our newborn with diaper covers, and after several issues decided to try something else. We now have several of these in colors and patterns.All I can say is these are WONDERFUL. One of the big problems with pre-folds in the middle of the night is the time it takes to change. Unless we're really quick, the baby started to wake up, and when she did, she wanted to stay up. Changing with these All In Ones allowed us to get up, change her, and she was back in bed before she realized it.They are very soft (bamboo lined), absorb a lot of liquid, and keep the baby much happier than the pre-fold/wrap combo seemed to. The snaps are nice and solid, and stay snapped (unlike the covers we were using) which means everything stays inside the diaper where it's supposed to. They're also very minimal on the waste packaging / products / chemicals if that's important to you.We're currently using these on a 16-17 lb baby (started using them at 11-12 lbs), and they snug up quite nicely. The Velcro makes it so much easier to get a perfect fit. And being able to use these until 35lbs (hopefully?) would be a very nice cost savings.As far as washing, we're using oxygenated bleach (oxy) in a bucket to soak (and avoid stains), and then just toss them in the wash. It's not exactly the instructions they suggest, but we haven't had any problems with break down or bleach, and they're still very absorbent. They dry nicely, and quickly, because the insert pulls out, to give more drying area.If you go this route, you won't regret it.UPDATE: Our daughter is now just shy of 18 months (24 lbs), and still fits in these diapers nicely.  One thing we've noticed though, is because she's starting to hold her bladder more, she'll sometimes save up so much overnight that when she does go it will leak.  We've taken to adding an additional cloth insert, inside the pocket, to absorb the larger volume at night.  The extra bulk doesn't seem to bother her any.  Other than that, we're still very pleased.