We were able to start using these when our daughter reached about 12 pounds. She is pretty average on the growth charts and we have not had difficulty with clothes at all, which I was worried about. Some of the stiffer material, skinny leg pants she is starting to size out of but anything with stretch is still fine. She is currently 4 1/2 months old and is wearing 3-6 month clothes. We haven't had any horrible blow outs with these - unlike disposables. We use a liner and I have had am issue with the liner acting like a wick. I have to make sure no portion of the liner sticks out or it will wick the pee out.  We don't so anything fancy with a wash routine either. I've been using tide pods. I run a rinse cycle on cold with no soap. Then I do a hot/cold, heavy duty cycle with a tide pod and an extra rinse cycle. I dry them in the dryer without a dryer sheet. I haven't had to strip them yet (we've been using them probably two and a half months.) I will probably strip them this month, which sounds scary but just means bleaching them and then rinsing them a bunch of times. Our daughter is exclusively breast fed so the ease of laundering may change when we introduce foods. I should mention that wen we take off each diaper, we pull the liner out and throw it away and pull out te absorbent pad that we stuff them with and put the Velcro tabs on the safety stick pads so that we don't have a chain of diapers sticking to each other. We found if we sit take the pocket pads out that they don't agitate out well in the wash. We wash every 2-3 days. In between we put dirty diapers in a flip top garbage can with a wet bag liner. We have two liners in rotation so that when we wash we just throw the liner in with the diapers, an we can still have one in rotation. Overall I love these diapers. We haven't had any problems with the hook and loop closures failing. But, like I said - we are religious about using the safety tabs to keep them from sticking to each other. I should mention that I'm a first time mom and my husband uses these without problem. We both love them!