My husband and I are both nurses, so we did a lot of research to find the best car seat.  Once the crash test ratings came out and had this one listed as one of the best, we decided to buy it.  I have been very happy with our choice.  The stroller has been great.  It is easy to fold and unfold and is very portable.  We have taken it in small spaces, and it is very easy to maneuver.  We used it with the car seat for a while, and now that my daughter is old enough to sit up by herself, we use the stroller by itself.  It is easily converted from use with the car seat to use without it.  We also did not have any problems going from the reclining position to the upright position.  The harness is secure without being too restrictive and is easily adjusted.  It has just the right amount of storage space and cup holders.  The car seat has also been great. The base is easy to install and transfers to any vehicle.  We have a mini van and a truck, and it fits just fine in both.  The car seat is easy to put in the base and also easy to release from the base.  My daughter weighed 4lbs 12oz when we took her home, so I am glad that it did not have too much padding.  We just used one of the store bought head supports until she gained control of her head.  It does not have much padding, but that has only bothered my daughter the last couple of months (She is 13 months old) and only when we are traveling for several hours. My daughter weighs about 20 pounds now, so it is time to upgrade to another car seat anyway.  This car seat is more on the heavier side, but I would rather have a car seat that is heavier and safe than one that is lightweight but doesn't hold up in a crash.  The shade does a great job, and we live in a hot and dry climate.  It doesn't get too hot in the summer or too cold in the winter.  We have had several people stop us in stores and ask where we got the car seat and/or stroller at because they liked the appearance.  It is a nice classy color that isn't too girlish or too masculine.  One of my only complaints is about the handle on the car seat.  It can be difficult to move forward and back.  After a few times of using it and practicing when my daughter wasn't in the seat, I didn't have too much trouble with it, but every once in a while it still takes some effort to move.  The upside of that is that the handle stays in place and doesn't slide around.  I don't consider that to be a big deal, it's just something I thought people might like to know when they get it so they don't return it right away.  The harness is fairly easily adjusted, although the straps can get twisted on occasion (my other complaint).  I have been very happy with the entire set, and we are still using the stroller even though we had to upgrade to a bigger car seat.