2003 Review: I spent four weeks researching strollers before I finally bought this one for my six-month old. My research involved going to all of the product websites, reading customer reviews, stopping people with various strollers on the street, talking with friends, and trying them each out in the stores. I had been borrowing an infant car-seat/snap-and-go combo from a friend for the first six months of my daughter's life and knew what I liked and didn't like about that stroller. In a city where your primary means of transportation is walking, a good-quality, durable stroller is critical --so you do need to spend a bit more money.After seriously evaluating the Evenflo Comfort system, the Graco Metrolite, the Combi TravelSavvy, the Maclaren Volo & Techno, the Bertini M5, the Peg Perego Pliko and this one, I had pretty much narrowed it down to the Peg Perego Venezia and the comparably priced and ubiquitous MacLaren Techno because they were the most durable and easiest to handle of the lot. The MacLaren is lighter and folds up smaller, but only marginally so, and I am forever spotting little sleeping childeren umcomfortably slumped forward in their MacLarens like coach class passengers on an overnight flight: the MacLaren's seats don't fully recline; and that is important when you are on long strolls/shopping trips that run into nap-time. Kids in MacLarens just look less comfortable and cozy than those in the Peg Perego. So after much backing and forthing, I took the chance on the Peg Perego. I'm really glad I did.I had a feeling I'd made a stellar choice as soon as I took it out of the box.  I was able to assemble it without even looking at the instructions: unlike so many items I've bought for my baby, it's operation was perfectly intuitive. It rides like a cadillac on the treacherous New York City sidewalks (pot holes, ice lumps, gravely streets, ramp-less curbs) and handles so well I can steer it with one hand --as easily as the MacLaren. It's not quite as small when folded, but it folds up so compactly into a standing position that it stays out of the way in our cramped NYC digs. It also has plenty of storage space in the lower basket that can be accessed while the seat is fully reclined (storage space is critical to the carless Manhattan resident) and it has much more of it than the MacLarens have. Note also that storage space was a deal-breaker with the Peg Perego Pliko, too: it is completely inaccessible from above --you have to slip items under a metal frame from the side. The Venezia's adjustable handle is nice and high so that you don't have to stoop to walk with it (I'm 5'7"). It's as high as the one on the MacLaren Techno. I also love the bunting that allows it to be used as a cozy baby-carriage in the winter. Another cold-weather plus: the hood folds all the way down to to completely cover the baby in case of a sudden rain or windstorm. The Venezia fabric is by far the classiest and I've gotten many a compliment on it already. Sure, it would be nice to have a parent cup-holder, but the stroller handles so well  you can hold a cup in one hand and steer with the other --and it's probably a lot safer than having a cup of liquid positioned just over the baby's head. This is a great stroller, even for the price. I would recommend it to anyone, but especially to the City-dweller.2005 Edit to this review: This stroller was great until my daughter was 18 months old. After that, it became too cumbersome to steer with the extra weight. I bought a MacLaren Volo and have used that one since. I would still use this stroller if I had another baby, but only for the first year and a half. I still recommend the Venezia, but I recommend buying the Volo when baby gets too heavy and/or when it doesn't need/can't fit in the wonderful bunting the Venezia offers.