Here is my take on a full year of using this camera with our now 1-year-old girl...The good:1) Very clear picture during the day.2) Great sound. I could hear the individual coos of my daughter, all the way down to her whispering (ba ba baaah) to herself as she falls asleep. I was very impressed with this, as it's one of the most important parts of a baby monitor. When she was a newborn this sensitivity was a little overwhelming because every cough would get picked up, but we've gotten used to it.3) Night vision is decent. I can watch my little one smacking her lips, smiling in her sleep, or (most often) collapsed in a pile of cute.4) Multiple possible ways to mount it and get a good picture5) Easy to learn and get set up (I'm not tech phobic, but don't like complicated devices)The bad:1) Lots of "reseting" where the camera kind of disconnects from the network and reboots. I'd say this happens a few times a night where we would get about 2-3 seconds of blank screen and then she'd pop back in. No idea what causes this and not bad enough for us to get it fixed or replace it.2) The camera DOES make a slight whirring sound when it moves, no matter what other people say. Our daughter is the lightest sleeper on the planet, so having her woken up by this was just not an option for us. Our solution? We mounted it way up high above the crib so we could see her without having to do lots of adjusting. The zoom function doesn't cause the camera to move or make noise, so we can still pan around a little within the zoom. I would recommend not putting the camera right next to your baby anyway, especially if you live in earthquake country like we in California because it could fall on them in the crib.3) I said night vision is good, and it is. But there's that awkward 20 minutes between day and night where the camera just doesn't know what to do and it's very bad visibility during this time.4) The voice option (where you can talk from the base to the camera through a speaker) is nightmare inducing. Seriously, my husband talked to me once through it and I actually screamed and dropped to the floor. Another time he attempted to calm our baby with an, "I'm coming sweetheart" only to terrify our poor daughter into inconsolable tears. We played around with it, but have concluded that despite distance of camera, voice, or any other adjustment, if you talk from the monitor base you will sounded like Darth Vader and Bane had an evil love child.The ugly: Nah, nothing that bad. I'm still in awe that I can look at a video of my sleeping child. It seems kind of crazy and futuristic even though I was born in the 80's. My parents (who are Boomers) think it's a bit much, but I think when you have a newborn or are worried about SIDS at the beginning it's just very comforting to be able to see them.Bottom line? This really is a great little monitor system and aside from its quirks we have enjoyed it and actually have two cameras. One for our house and one for Grandma's (we just keep it mounted there and bring our base with us).