Charlie Banana diapers changed my perception of cloth diapering completely! With my elder children (now 12 and 5) I said no way was I going to deal with cleaning messy diapers!  My fears of sticking them with pins and causing discomfort in loud crinkly plastic covers from my own childhood won out and I used disposables with them with numerous rashes and breakouts having to dedicate to specific brands for their diapering.Once I found out I was having my third (and final) child, I decided to try to find alternatives to the disposable diapers and see what my options were for cloth diapering.  By happy coincidence I found CB diapers on the shelf at a local bullseye box store and checked out info on the box, went home and did further research.  I returned to the store and purchased the box of diapers the next day. I was pleasantly surprised with the design and simplicity, no folding, no safety pins, no crinkly covers, awesome.  I started with a few to decide whether I'd actually stick with it, 6 sized small and 6 one size.Fast forward 6 months since birth and trying out 6 other brands of pocket diapers and Charlie Banana are hands down the greatest diapering system any parent can ask for! My husband who was completely against it in the beginning is a total convert!  We exclusively cloth diaper now and recommend it to all our friends/family that are expecting.These diapers are easy to care for, we've had minimal staining (and sunning works best for "bleaching" out the stains), they have simple bra strap style adjustable leg gussets for choosing the perfect fit as baby grows. They come with 2 liners per diaper (OS Small and OS Med/Lg) which are great for night time double stuffing, and the snaps are so easy for adjustable sizing at the waist (and don't wake sleeping baby with Velcro!).  They're super soft, super absorbent, and in 6 months we've had NO leaks/blowouts (attributed to the elastic leg gussets and elastic in the back top center of the diaper).  Another plus, the smell has been NOTHING compared to disposable diapers, and we just toss the diapers in and open plastic clothes basket (allowing air circulation neutralizes the urine odor). The only time the smell is really noticeable is when they're actually washing.The price of the diapers may seem ridiculous but in comparison to disposables, you'll put more out upfront but save LOTS in the long run.  From personal experience I'd recommend having 27-36 cloth diapers on hand for ease (not having to wash every day) but I've gotten by with only 12 (washing every day). Check out the Charlie Banana YouTube videos for helpful videos on care instructions and to learn more about their diapers of you're still unconvinced!Another plus: Charlie banana basically offers a full range diapering system! Charlie Banana bio-liners are great once baby's poos are more solid for easy clean up. Their disposable inserts have been great for overnight-long weekend away trips and short stays with Grandparents.  Their laundry detergent has been great for everyday use on all of our clothes and fabulous for keeping the diapers clean and stain-free!  The wet tote bag is a great addition for the diaper bag to keep yucky diapers separate and has a tab for essential oils for combatting smells.