My father-in-law purchased this for my 3 month old daughter. First off, I will say that this is a great product. Easy to assemble, entertaining, not nearly as large as I expected. It's lovely. I have only one minor issue though.Upon placing my daughter in this contraption for the first time she immediately engaged in a staring contest with the froggy teether. At first she was unsure of his intentions. Maybe it was his vibrant green and teal body or his perfectly round yellow belly. Perhaps it was his wide eyes and creepily pleasant grin. While his appeal remains a mystery one fact remains true: my daughter fell in love with this frog. This frog has prevented screaming fits and brings on the biggest smiles from her. There is one catch, however. I have to make him talk to her in French (or a French accent if I'm feeling lazy). For the record, I only know a small handful of words/phrases in French.Anyway, today I was struck with a horrifying thought: what would happen if we lost Monsieur Frog? Images of my daughter screaming and inflicting some kind of infant apocalypse upon the world filled my head and sent me into a bit of a panic. Then I thought "I can purchase a back up online! The box even says I can buy more of these pod toys!" So I searched and searched for this froggy teether. You know what I found? Nothing. You can buy a hundred of the butterfly teether, in various colors too, but not the frog. He is basically a ghost. He doesn't exist aside from his inclusion with this specific product. I can't even express how terrified and heartbroken I am. All I want to do is purchase a seemingly simple froggy teether and it is apparently impossible.I bet Monsieur Frog knew this. Maybe that's what he's smiling about.UPDATE: After calling Sassy directly and speaking with a wonderful customer relations employee by the name of Judy, we were sent another froggy teether. Judy (and the Sassy company) has saved our lives, and possibly the world. I could not be more pleased with this product and the customer service provided by Sassy.