I bought this after I looked at the Graco play yards in a brick and mortar store and noticed that the changing table for the Gracos is only anchored on one side and seemed to sag. I looked up some reviews for the Gracos and a lot of people were saying that the sagging was indeed a problem. The changing table on the Ingenuity is anchored on 3 sides in such a way that it doesn't lean to one side at all and feels completely solid. The sides are also really high so I wasn't worried to briefly step out of reach of the baby when she was newborn and on the changing table. It feels almost as secure as a bassinet. It is a bit low compared to a standalone changing table so now we mostly use a regular changing table, but the playard changing table is now a very useful place to put the tablet and nursing pillow so I have them close for nighttime feedings. I couldn't do this if the table was leaning to one side because I would be afraid that things would slide into the playard and onto the baby's head!  So it's very important to have a changing table that feels solidly anchored and is flat, not leaning to the side.Another important feature is to have the entire length of the playard usable as a sleeping surface, if you're planning to use it that way. Some of the other playards have a bassinet or a smaller square enclosure where the baby sleeps, that's half the size of the playard. I'm glad I didn't go with those because at only 2 months the baby wouldn't fit in those anymore. She still has plenty of room in this playard and we plan to use as a sleeping place until she starts sitting up on her own. The "mattress" for the playard is set up so it's halfway between the bottom and the top of the playard and it's suspended on all sides by the top of the playard, so it feels securely anchored even if you lean all your weight on it as an adult. It takes playard-sized sheets that are a universal size regardless of brand.As a bonus the Ingenuity also looks better than any of the other playards I saw. I have the blue and gray color scheme. The embroidery on the changing table is a nice touch and the materials in general look better than the Gracos I saw.