This is our first and only child seat and has worked quite well for us. We do need to put in a specialized cushon for our baby's head. There have been recent articles warning against letting your baby sleep in a child seat and sine babies' head muscles aren't very strong, the support is a good addition.  I find the triangle grip excellent but even with a small baby in the seat, you will not want to cary this very far at all.  My wife in fact had a back injury carying our son in this seat and that was just from the car to our house !  Some day, these seats may come with some other innovation making them more ergonomic for parents.  I don't know that it would have been different in another seat, but be warned, these things are not meant to actually carry a child by hand and women have weakened muscles after giving birth. It's a terrible combination.  Carying the baby in this seat should be a task for husbands for several months as I found out too late.Back to the seat, it works quite well in the car and with the baby trend snap-n-go. We use the snap-n-go quite often and it prevents you from repeatedly removing your child from the seat and snapping him back in (which can be trying for you and your kid).I was disappointed the unit had no SPF rating for the sun shade. That feature may not have made it to child seats but sun protection is extremely important for babies and it wouldn't be difficult to use a protective fabric.  I called Baby Trend and they had no idea if and how well the shade actually blocked harmful UV rays.  Other seats may not have this feature either but we will look closely for it in the future after being sternly warned by the child safety class at the hospital.  Babies have super sensitive skin and it's important to avoid any direct sunlight if possible. I know it sounds extreme and alarmist but it also should be very easy to do and is recommended by the American Adadamy of Pediatrics ([...]). For now, you would need an additional cover on top of the included cover.Pros: Consumer report top pick, not as expensive as someCons: No SPF rating or sun UV protection listed for sun shade. Heavy and non ergonimic to cary by hand (not a complaint specific to this particular seat, they probably all are).