Before buying this glider I compared it with Pottery Barn Kids, Storkcraft, Dutailier and other Shermag models. I owned a Shermag when my 1st 2 were little but it was 1/2 the cost of this one and I hated the cushions from day 1. The arm rests didn't have the part that goes down to the seat and would flop over exposing the wood. Very uncomfortable. The fabric was also a little scratchy. Based on that one I knew I needed to spend a little more and knew a little better what I was looking for. Storkcraft and Dutailier had good reviews but the cushions on those were ugly (I love the piping!). I really wanted a Pottery Barn one and debated putting it on credit since it's out of my budget. I'm so glad I didn't! A couple weeks after buying this one I sat in a Pottery Barn one that a friend owns and I was happy when I realized it's built the same as this one with a few things that I didn't like over this Shermag (stiffer cushions, armrest cushion doesn't go down to the seat or end of the wood armrest, fabric was rough).I've owned it for 2 months now. When it first arrived I wasn't super impressed and was even a little disappointed. It took a week to get here even though I have Prime. When I opened the box there were loose screws everywhere which was a bad sign but luckily nothing was damaged and amazingly no screws were missing. I put it together mostly by myself but needed my husband to help with putting the back on. It was simple but I'm used to assembling furniture and enjoy doing it. When I sat in it I was a little disappointed because it wasn't as cushy as I'd hoped. The cushions were really firm and the back cushion hit my shoulder blades funny making it a little uncomfortable. I contemplated taking it apart and shipping it back but decided against it because it wasn't that bad and I didn't want to put in the effort. I'm actually really glad I decided to keep it! It's become much more comfortable and I sit in it every day to nurse and rock my baby. It's kind of like memory foam where it molds to your body but the indents go away after you get up. It takes a few minutes for them to disappear so don't panic and think it'll stay like that. My baby has spit up on it a few times and my 2 year old wiped chocolate fingers on it and it's cleaned up good as new with a damp cloth! I got the Espresso with pearl beige upholstery. It looks just like the picture.If I had more money to spend I would probably get a fully upholstered glider and ottoman instead of a wooden glider (I think they look better). As far as gliders go I think this one looks great, cleans well, is comfortable (give it time), and was a good price. I recommend it.