I bought this mattress after doing quite a bit of research about comfort and durability. I sat on mattresses in aisles. I pushed with my hands to approximate pressure and imagined how it would feel to sleep on it as my baby grew. Read tons of reviews. I tracked down other models sold by Colgate to look at in stores.This one is a great solution for cost, comfort and durability. I tried the coil variety, nope. Once your infant grows into a 45lb jumper in his toddler bed, you could feel the discomfort from the coils pushing throughout the thin cover of even the most expensive varieties. The foam option seemed to be a fantastic solution for a long term, multi use mattress. This one will last through the toddler bed until we switch to a larger one at school age. And I expect to reuse it again when we add to the family in the next few years. So far, I used the "infant" side until after my son's first birthday. I had a difficult time figuring out which one was which. Both sides are quite firm, and I don't think overall it will matter in the least which side is up. Now my son is almost two. I turn the mattress every few months, and the surface is still flat but comfortable. I use a mattress cover, but on the occasion that I have wiped down the plastic shell, I appreciate how stain resistant it is. There are no rips or tears in the cover or edges, even though the mattress gets pulled completely out several times a week to change the sheet. The weight is manageable and that definitely eases the task of wrestling a new sheet on. I have to remove the mattress because my big selling feature makes it impossible to change it in place in the bed I have. That feature is fully squared corners. While it slightly pulls the sheet, they fully fill the corners of the bedframe and have not crushed or flattened over time. I wanted no gaps for little feet to fall into as he grew (and jumped). And that has been the case. I feel very confident that no matter how active my son is, I do not have to worry about a leg being captured at the corner as I did when my teenager was a little guy. I feel like I made the best choice on a quality, long-lasting mattress.