I have never written a review for the million things I have ordered off of Amazon throughout the years, but I had to leave one for this product given the peace of mind it has given me.First off let me say that I haven't run into the issue with the hole not being big enough or not been on the nipples that I have ordered so far and I've ordered 5 packages of these so I cannot complain about that but could understand how that could be Playtex Drop-Ins NaturaLatch Latex Nipple - Slow Flow - 2 Packdisappointing, but I was willing to take that chance by ordering more of these given my success.My son was bottle fed and breastfed for the first 3 weeks of his life and then he decided that he didn't want a bottle anymore.  I had read online about others having this issue and that I should try to find a new bottle the baby would take.  I cannot tell you how much money I spent buying all the different bottles/nipples I could think of.  I tried the Dr Brow bottles/nipples, Medela, Born Free, Nuk, etc...but to no avail, my son would make a disgusted face anytime we stuck the nipple in his mouth which would then be followed by screaming.  Eventually I gave up trying to give him a bottle.I really didn't have an issue exclusively breastfeeding him, but I was eventually going back to work and was worried about him not eating since once I went back to work, he and I would be separated for 11 or 12 hours.  About 2 weeks before I went back (about 6 weeks after he stopped taking a bottle), my husband and I decided to give the bottles/nipples another shot but with very limited success.  It would take hours before he would finally drink and during those hours all he did was cry.  I felt really bad for my husband who unfortunately was the one who had to try to feed him.  Finally after a few days of trying that I found a forum board online where someone had recommended trying out the latex nipples (specifically these ones).I had not even thought about latex vs. silicone before since most of what you find online is silicone.  The person online had mentioned that this was the only nipple their child would take since it was much more like a real nipple so I decided to give it a shot.  My son took to this nipple within a minute of my husband sticking it in his mouth and has been bottle feeding as well as breastfeeding since then (no nipple confusion at all). (fyi - the same nipple in silicone he wouldn't take)I cannot tell you how relieved I am to have found these nipples and I can be at work and not worry since I know he's eating.If you're having any issues like I was with a breastfed baby not taking the bottle I would highly suggest trying out these nipples.  The cost of these just to try and see if they work is so worth it!!