Package arrived exactly when promised and is HEAVY. It's flat-packed, which I either overlooked in the description or is not there. So note that it does require quite a bit of assembly. At the end of the day, it's a beautiful piece of furniture and if well cared for, will last a long time.Other reactions:~ The color is much more grey than it appears on my computer screen. I was able to see it in person at a local boutique store and was thrilled with the color as we were looking for grey/grey-wash furniture. On my MacBook Pro screen, it appears much more brown with grey undertones. In person, it's the other way around.~ We were able to assemble it in about 2 hours; the first hour I was working solo, the second hour I had my husband's help. The assembly isn't difficult, just tedious. There is one particular step where you're adding the crossbars to the side panels where you're only able to turn the bolts about 1/4 turn at a time that's pretty mind numbing. But it gets done.~ The assembly instructions are good. If you've done a lot of furniture assembly, these are on the better end of the spectrum.PROS:~ The color is a gorgeous, neutral grey with just a little wood grain showing through.~ The drawer glides are high-end and very smooth.~ The removable changer top fits a contoured changing pad perfectly.~ The drawers are a generous size.~ The wood construction of the side panels, drawers, and top is a nice, durable pine.CONS:~ Substantial assembly~ Lots of off-gassing. It took 3-4 days for the smell to leave the nursery while leaving the door open and the fan on.~ Back is cardboard, not real wood.~ The assembly of the removable changing tray is hands down the most tricky - which can be frustrating because nearly the last step.~ The drawers, while generous, will require some internal organizers (at least for us) because of their width and depth.~ Quality. Overall, we're slightly disappointed in the few corners that were cut on this piece (cardboard backing, cardboard base to the changing tray, etc.) given the price. While we didn't expect it to rival $800+ dressers, it was a little bit of a bummer when opening the package.