This is not my go to carrier.  First of all it is a crotch dangler, which is not a great position for your baby to be.  It also places baby on your hip, not your chest or back, so baby is just kinda out there in the world without a lot to grab onto.  Plus sitting on a persons hips provides a much bumpier ride than laying on their chest or back.  This is not the type of carrier you could have a baby fall asleep in (while on the move).  I have larger breasts and there is no way I'd be able to carry my baby in this carrier facing toward me.  His face ends up in my breasts, and they knock baby's head around a bit.  I feel like you have to keep at least one arm free to help support baby, and keep them in place.  On top of all of this, this is not the easiest carrier to get baby into and out of.All of that being said, I am really happy that I own this carrier.  I recently used this carrier for air travel with my five month old (and no one else).  I feel like this carrier made it possible for me to get through the airport and on the airplane with minimal hassle.  Yes I could have used another carrier for this, but you are not allowed to wear those while in the plane.  I'm not sure why but the baby is not allowed to be strapped to you during the flight.  Using this carrier I simply undid the waist belt and removed the shoulder strap when I sat down.  When the flight was over I buckled the baby back onto me and got right off the plane.  This aspect was much easier than another carrier would have been since space is so limited when everyone is trying to de-board.  I was able to wear baby through security (with an additional hand swab) making getting through relatively quick.  The waterproof surface came in very handy, as my baby spit up all over the carrier as soon as we got out of the car (of course).  Also, if you are a little crafty (and have a changing table), you don't have to pull baby all the way out of the carrier for a diaper change.I also like that this carrier does triple duty.  It works very well as a shopping cart restraint.  It will do in a pinch for converting a regular chair to a "baby chair".  And, you can use it to carry baby while going in the water.  All of this while folding up to a smaller size than any of the other baby carriers I have tried, except some wraps.  So while this carrier is not my favorite it is the carrier I choose for getting through airports and playing by the water.  I also keep this in the car during outings when it is possible I may not get a high chair.