At 9 weeks, my son developed a flat spot on the back of his head, which our pediatrician diagnosed as mild plagiocephaly.  She recommended repositioning strategies, but that wasn't working.  After doing some reading online, I came across the Noggin Nest.My wife and I have been using this product with our son for 5 weeks now and have seen a dramatic improvement in the shape of our son's head.  The flat spot is gone and his head is nice and round again!  Here's what worked for us:-We used the Noggin Nest anytime he was on his back (car seat, stroller, changing table, crib, feeding him on his back).  I know the product is not recommended for sleeping, but after reading the other positive reviews (of parents who also used it for sleeping) I decided we should try using it when our son would take a supervised nap.  We now use it anytime he sleeps.-There were a lot of negative reviews regarding ears and "boppy bumps."  To prevent what one reviewer described as "Hobbit ears," I had my son wear a skull cap anytime he was using the Noggin Nest.  I purchased the skull cap from Polarn O. Pyret and it worked great for preventing his ears from folding over when he would turn his head.  It may not work for everyone, but it did the trick for us.  Also, I would regularly inspect the back of his head after using the Noggin Nest to make sure he wasn't getting what other customers referred to as a donut-shaped bump.-Several reviewers complained that the pillow lost its shape after prolonged use, but I found that you could fluff it up again by kneading the stuffing back into place.-Finally, we did lots of tummy time!  And we switched to holding him upright or using a Sully Wrap, rather than cradling him in our arms all the time.  We also instructed friends and family to hold him upright as our pediatrician told us that too much cradling can cause flat spots.I hope this review may be useful to someone.  I know how disconcerting it was to me when I noticed a flat spot developing on my son's head.  And while many medical professionals reassure you that it is "only cosmetic," I needed to know that I was doing everything I could possibly do to address the problem.  My approach may be overboard for some readers, but I can honestly say that it worked and I hope others can benefit from this post.