Well, I went into Babies R Us expecting to shell out 180 bucks for the Peg Pregero, then came out much happier with this!!!! I can't tell you how much I LOVE this highchair. I was working as a nanny in private homes for years before I had my own baby. In the process I have used almost all the highchairs on the market, and I think that this highchair is the only decent one in existence!!! I read all the other reviews before I went to the store, and I have some advice for you guys.... ALL HIGHCHAIRS ARE HARD TO CLEAN BECAUSE ALL CHILDREN MAKE MESSES!!! AND THE TRAY IS NEVER GOING TO BE THE PERFECT HEIGHT BECAUSE CHILDREN GROW!!! But you can make the most of it by choosing a good highchair:# 1 Thing you need to look for in a highchair: CAN YOU REMOVE THE TRAY WITH ONE HAND!!!#2 CAN YOU WIPE OFF THE FABRIC WITH A SPONGE!!!Other than that it's all looks, storage and ease of use (which are all less important than those two rules.). This highchair has it all!!! (Though to be honest I think the Peg Pregero is more attractive.) This one is still better looking than most on the market. I like really like the fact that all the plastic is cream in color. I plan to be pulling this out of the closet for my future children and I hate the way that white plastic ages!!!BOTTOM LINE: Spend the extra cash here!!! I promise you you will thank me latter.If you do decide on another highchair, God be with you, to help you with your frustration.*** Update: I have recently read that some of the other mothers are having trouble with their children eating the shoulder straps.NOTE TO THEM: You will have this problem with any highchair that has shoulder straps!!! The way that I have fixed that problem is to simply remove the shoulder straps. They are made to be removed for when you have to adjust for hieght. And it's easy to do without effecting the use of the lap belt. However, you do have the convenience of being able to do whichever you feel more comfortable with which is something that I really appreciate. I'm sure it was not designed to be used this way, and I know it's not as safe but it works for me.P.S. Regarding the Bar between the legs. In this Highchair it is attached to the underside of the tray. I chose not to attach it at all because I think it's too much of a hassle to make sure babies legs are spread while at the same time sliding the try into place. I really liked the fact that on the preg pregero it is attached to the chair itself. But I was worried, since it is not adjustable, that it wouldn't do it's job with my new baby since it is soooo far away and then when my child grew he wouldn't be comfortable with the bar.I do think that this one works better than the peg pregero would if not using the tray. Since you don't have the bar in the way distracting your baby. But.....Bottom line: If I were to change anything about this highchair, I would put a REMOVABLE bar between the legs. I would also like them to figure out a way to make it be adjustable so it would actually do it's job with a new baby and not squash you older child.