First, let me tell you that I have a picky wife. We went to Babies R Us, Baby Depot, and 3 other baby stores to look at gliders. We went MULTIPLE TIMES (too many to count). She would sit in one, then another, then another. This went on for months. She liked the $500 gliders, of course. (I've often wondered if I swapped the price tags around and put $500 on the cheapest one, if she'd like that one). Not to mention that the really expensive ones don't come with the ottoman! We just couldn't find the "perfect" glider, however. So, to save me some sanity and allow me to watch at least one football game this season, I took a chance and ordered this inexpensive glider from Target/Amazon. I figured if she didn't like it, I could just take it back. Well I'm glad I did.First of all, it matches our nursery which is pink and yellow. She liked that. All of the gliders at Babies R Us were some weird green or beige color and we couldn't find the combination of wood color and fabric to our liking. I wasn't sure about getting this one in particular because of the white wood. The only room it would match would be the nursery and we weren't sure where she wanted to use it. As it turns out, my wife likes to nurse and rock in the nursery because I put a nice soft light in there (for night time feedings), and it's away from the goings-on around the rest of the house.The $500 gliders we looked at had this nice, plush microfiber fabric that was so soft to the touch. But after thinking about it, a few rounds of spit-up matted on the microfiber wouldn't be so grand. This gingham fabric feels like a soft canvas, which wipes up nicely and is stain resistant. We bought a soft throw to go over the back, which gives it a nice plush feel when you lean back in it.I waited until we've had a chance to really use this glider before I wrote my review. So far, there haven't been any squeaks or noises from it, and it feels very solid. The back is high enough for me to relax in (I'm 5'10") and the arms are at a good height for resting your forearms on while feeding. The bottom cushion is about the same thickness as the other gliders out there (even the $500 ones), and I haven't noticed any discomfort even after using it for a couple of months. I purposefully did not lubricate the glider to test how it held up with just the factory lube. So far, so good.Assembly was pretty easy... one of the arms was difficult to line up with the bolt holes, however. After a couple of beers and much laughter from my oh-so-helpful wife, I was able to get it together. The manufacturer was very generous with the tags on every part of this thing. I hate tags. I had quite a large pile of them after I got through surgically removing them. Also, there was a little scuff on the wood, but I didn't tell my wife about it and the cushion obscured it enough to pass her inspection. I've read that these things aren't shipped in the best containers, and that is certainly correct. Our bucket of semi-gloss trim paint matched the wood enough to cover the scuffs I found nicely.We are very happy with this product. I was happy to save $350 by not purchasing an expensive glider from Babies R Us. My wife was more than happy to take that $350 and go spend it on other stuff at Babies R Us. Welcome to parenthood I guess.