I bought this caddy as a storage solution for a Baby Jogger City Mini stroller.  It attaches to the stroller handle via a broad-coverage hook & loop (aka velcro) fastening system.  That makes it both very easy to install and highly adjustable (depending on what I'm storing and what I'm doing, I may have the caddy stretched tautly between the handles or hanging with a bit of slack so it can swing independently).  None of this convenience would be helpful if the system gave way under light load or standard use.  Thankfully, this hook & loop material seems purpose-built and creates a reassuringly strong connection -- it grabs hold and doesn't let go without being manually separated.The pictures on Amazon's product page do a decent job of showing the caddy's general layout and the relative sizes of the main compartments.  Here's what you can't see in the pictures:-The two, top-loaded cupholder compartments are very deep but not very wide...a container that's approaching 3" in diameter would be a very tight fit indeed.-Sitting between the two cupholders is a central compartment that's covered by a semi-rigid flap. To me, the flap strikes the perfect balance between providing basic protection from the elements and keeping the compartment quickly and easily accessible. I much prefer this approach over dealing with zippers, snaps, zip-cords or the like.-The mesh net on the front of the organizer is disappointingly small.  It can accommodate a gadget that's about as wide as an iphone, but nothing bigger.  My Samsung Galaxy SII smartphone (which isn't one of the oversized models that are increasingly becoming the rage) doesn't fit.  So, most of the time, the mesh net sits empty while my phone, mini-tablet and/or pocket camera are parked in valuable compartment space.-The simple pouch on the front of the organizer is generously sized but only has one zipper pull.  Accordingly, to gain access to the pouch's contents (which you'll almost exclusively want to do from the top looking down), you have to pull the zipper up the side and then across the top.  This seems benign, but it actually creates a problem when the pouch is loaded with various small items.  When reaching inside, it's far too easy to inadvertently push something out of the pouch via the open side. It either needs some kind of interior liner/webbing to prevent things from falling out or two zipper pulls (so you can choose the location and size of the opening you need).Overall, I'm very pleased and I think it's well worth the price.