I've seen lots of reviews on this stroller, so I'm trying to hit on stuff I didn't see.We actually bought this stroller for an upcoming trip to Disney World and it meets all of the things we were looking for... folds small enough to fit in our car with our luggage, folds so we can take it on the Disney buses, has 2 reclining seats for when our kids get exhausted in the parks, has cup holders (3 for kids, 1 for mom), has some storage, isn't too heavy, is a fun/unique color so we can find it easily.Color (sunset orange): it's a very nice color combo... the orange is sort of a dusty-orange, sporty looking.  and the swirls are bluish-gray.  The colors look sporty and fun, but not too bright and crazy.  It would work well for girls or boys.The wheels are small, but sturdy.  They can easily handle some uneven pavement, and a trip across some grass.  But this is not an "off-roading" stroller and it is not for jogging.The stroller is narrow enough to fit through "standard" doorways.  I can drive it through the front door of my house with a couple inches of clearance on each side.The stroller is very light, for a double stroller (21 lbs, I think).  I can easily lift it with one hand.The carrying strap is a little silly because it's quite awkward to actually carry the stroller that way.  But, when folded, you can hold the handle and roll it like a carry-on suit case (it's a little hard to explain, but is immediately obvious when you've folded it up).  So carrying the stroller (even if it's folded) isn't necessary.It does not fold up itty bity.  It folds very flat (the width of the 2 seats, the same height as the unfolded stroller, but only 5 o r 6 inches thick).  Then you fold the flattened stroller in half (fold the 2 seats toward each other) to end up with a folded stroller that is as wide as 1 seat, as tall as the unfolded stroller, and about 2 feet thick.  We've found that it's better to just leave the stroller flat if we're putting it in our car.  But when folded completely, it stands up on its own and can be wheeled around (as I already mentioned).The are 3 cup holders in the front and 1 parent cup holder in the back.The baskets under the seats aren't huge, but they're as big as they can be (if you want bigger baskets, get a bigger stroller).  And each canopy has a pocket in the back that could easily hold cell phone, sun glasses, keys.The canopies do not rotate forward like some strollers.  The canopies are a good size, but they are either folded or unfolded; you can't rotate them forward if the sun is shining right in your kids' eyes.The stroller comes with 2 plastic pieces that can be used to attach a combi shuttle car seat.  I haven't tried this feature, but it looks like it would work fine.  Note: it will only hold 1 car seat (so it'd be fine for 1 toddler and 1 infant, but not 2 infants with car seats).It also has built-in "boots" on both seats.  It is a piece of fabric that attaches from the bottom of the seat over the cup holder bar.  It's to make the seat like a bassinet so your baby can't fall out the bottom.  My kids are a little too big for this, but it looks like it might be a good option for a little baby without using the combi car seat.My older son is about 38 inches tall and the top of his head is at the top of the stroller seat.  So it'll probably be fine for a couple few more inches, but after that he won't be able to rest his head comfortably anymore (but it will still offer a place to sit).