With my first child I always took him to the bath with me or used the Summer Infant Comfy Bath Sponge in the sink, and it worked great.  I've always hate the bulky baby bath tubs.  With my second child I was doing the same but found that it was harder to make the time to give two children baths separately or to even take long baths myself.  I kept thinking, "Wouldn't it be great if someone made some sort of hammock or waterproof bouncer for babies to sit in so they could bathe with their older siblings?"  And then I saw this seat in the smaller newborn size at Target, but checked Amazon because I knew the price would be lower.This is perfect and is exactly what I was hoping for.  The seat is very large.  We have a garden tub and it does take up almost half the tub.  My son is 3 months old and in the 95+% in height and weight, and he has plenty of room to grow in this seat.  The outer edge of the bather is filled with styrofoam beads and the middle part is mesh.  The mesh is very strong and supportive.  He still has several inches between his bum and the bottom of the bathtub.The seat part dips up so it holds the baby like a hammock and the sides are raised so it would be hard for a small baby to fall out of this seat.  I ABSOLUTELY WOULD NOT leave baby unattended in this bather, but that should be said for any type of bathing accessory.  My son will kick and wiggle and get himself pretty low in the seat, but has never gotten himself into a dangerous situation, so I do trust the the seat to keep him upright and out of the water long enough for me to bathe his big brother.  I noticed reviewers commented that the bather slides around too much.  I haven't noticed that at all.  I am able to easily slide the bather myself if I want to move him over a bit, but the tub does not move too much because of baby wiggling.  The bottom is flat, so you could easily add some non-slip pads if you'd like.  This isn't an issue for us at all though.I cannot express how wonderful it is to be bathing two children at the same time without worrying about my infant!  Bath time has become a great time for the children to bond instead of the previous situation where my 3 year old was becoming upset because Mommy couldn't spend as much time with him because she was tending to the baby.  I have recommended this bather to all of my friends who have toddlers and infants.  I don't think this seat would be ideal for babies bathing along because that is a lot of wasted water filling the bathtub up just for the baby, but I imagine it would be great for parents to take baths or showers with their babies.  I am also very excited at the idea of taking this to the beach!  Overall I am very pleased with this product and consider it as a must have for parents of multiple children looking for a solution to bath time with infants.