We bought this chair 4 years ago, we've used it through 2 children. We LOVE this chair! In fact, I am on the site today to look for a second cause we have a third child coming and number two child is still using it.1. The previous posters who say it doesn't fit many tables, do not know how to fully use the chair obviously. I have taken it to many restaurants. I lived in NYC for 3 or the 4 years of owning this chair, and went to all kinds of different restaurants with greatly varying tables. I took it on all vacations from NYC, upstate NY, PA, all the way to Kansas, and many times in Mo. Never once was I not able to get it to hook on to any of the tables. All you have to do is screw the parts that make it fasten to the table completely down and then as one of the previous reviewers stated push the red buttons and fold down the legs completely, put it under the table, then fold the legs open again and fasten to table. I have not had any trouble at all with it it goes every where with us. And we love it! In fact, when we forget it from taking it out of the car for washing and forget to put it back in the car we get really upset cause it's the only high chair that works for us out to eat.2. If you have a child you can't keep seated while you are eating, this is the chair to get. Most restaurant high chairs only have a lap belt, children can easily climb out of a lap belt, be standing and trying to climb out or fall out in a blink of a eye. This monkey has a harness that if adjusted and put on correctly is very difficult for the child to get out of.3. This puts any size child (especially very small babies) at the table height, most restaurant high chairs are too low for small children to be at table height which frustrates them and makes it harder for them to sit that far from the table for very long.4. You have the confidence in knowing that this seat is clean, since it's you who would be in charge of cleaning it.5. It folds up very small and is easy to keep in the car.6. It's very sturdy, I am not sure how the previous reviewers are using it. Cause we have used it for 4 years and it's not showing even wear and tear, let alone have we had one piece of it break, or start to come apart in the least. It still looks brand new!7. One of it's funnest features is every one from waiters to patrons will stop and ask you where you got it, and will go on and on about how cute it is!