The product description here on Amazon does not state this, but the stroller I received is the new and improved 2011 model which was just released in October 2010.  There are several buying choices for various vendors, but I purchased mine directly from Amazon even though it was a couple of extra dollars.  The new strollers will have a large blue sticker on the box stating that it is a 2011 model.Previous model years of the Baby Jogger City Mini had a "slouchy" seat, that many people described as hammock-like for the child sitting in it.  The 2011 version of the stroller has a PE board inserted in the seat back, which corrects this problem.  The seat back is now firm and doesn't sink in.  It seems very comfortable for my 6 month old baby.  If you have an older model of the stroller, you can purchase a PE board directly from the Baby Jogger company for approximately $10 or $15.  It slides into the seat back, and you can not see it once it is installed.Another improvement in the 2011 model is the addition of velcro straps that enable you to make the seat slightly more upright if you choose to do so.  When attached, they pull the seat back about 2 inches forward which enables the child to sit up straighter.  Personally, I am not impressed with this new feature.  The straps are a bit of a pain to fasten, and you have to detach them before folding the stroller.I really like the features of this stroller.  The best thing is the easy fold.  It is simple to do with one hand, while holding your child in the other arm.  Basically, you grab a fabric handle on the seat and give it a slight tug.  The stroller collapses very easily, and with no hassle.  There are some good videos on YouTube that show the folding process.  The folding mechanism is something you need to see to fully appreciate.  I previously had a Maclaren Quest stroller, which had a much more complicated fold that I needed both hands to do.The unfold is almost as easy.  I can hold my child in one arm, and pull the stroller out of the back of my SUV and unfold it with the other arm.The sunshade on this stroller is enormous.  You can choose to pull it out either 1/3, 2/3, or the full way out.  There are also 2 clear viewing windows on the sunshade which enable you to see your child.  When not in use, there is a fabric flap that has velcro to hold it in place.The storage basket underneath is a decent size, but because of the structure of the stroller, it is difficult to fit a diaper bag in.  You can easily tuck in smaller items like blankets, toys, a jacket, small bags, etc though.  Even though the manufacturer does not recommend it, I hang my large diaper bag from the handle.  The stroller is VERY stable, and it does not tip backward.  With the Maclaren Quest that I previously owned, a small diaper bag made it tip over.On the back of the seat, there is a large mesh pocket that runs almost the full length of the seat.  It has elastic on top, so things don't easily fall out.  You can put jackets or blankets in this pocket, as long as you fold or roll them first.  Small toys fit well too.My only complaint with this stroller is that it does not have a drink holder.  Baby Jogger sells a parent console for the handle, but it is rather pricey.  I purchased a Sunshine Kids Stroller Accessory Buggy Buddy for less than $10 here on Amazon, which solves that problem for a nominal cost.  Baby Jogger sells accessories for the stroller such as a child snack tray, or a bumper bar.  There is also a car seat adapter available for purchase.Update:  We have had this stroller for about 3 months now, and I like it better than ever.  We recently took a 9 day cruise with our baby, and brought the stroller along.  The large sunshade in the tropical sun was invaluable.  My daughter was able to easily nap with the almost flat recline.  The easy fold/unfold came in especially handy with getting on and off trolleys, tour buses, water taxis, etc.  It definitely is not a good stroller to try to push on a sandy beach, but I wasn't expecting it to be.  :)I also purchased the Baby Jogger Adjustable Belly Bar to attach to the front of the stroller.  My baby likes to sit up and hold onto the belly bar.  I also attach small toys to the bar using these simple toy straps, Baby Buddy Secure-A-Toy, Black/White.