Let me start out by saying, I am cheap, I hated spending so much money on this stroller, but after hours and hours of research, I finally decided to give it a go, and I am so happy I did!!  I love, love, love this stroller!  I am a mom of a 7 year old, a 3 year old and a 1 year old.  I have had many many cheap strollers over the years (I wish I would have just bought this years ago instead of wasting so much money on those cheap ones).  I bought this stroller specifically for jogging.  I was looking for something that would be tough and durable on the road, through a grassy field or in the dirt, and I found it!  No, the front wheel does not swivel, but if you want to run with any jogging stroller, you MUST lock the front wheel for safety.  The last jogging stroller I owned had a swivel wheel, but I never unlocked it because if I did, it would wiggle constantly.  Turning the stroller does take some getting used to, you cannot turn it and leave all 3 wheels on the ground, I just tip it back a little onto the back tires and continue running.I am more than impressed with this stroller!  So, here is the good, the bad and the ugly:-It glides like a dream on flat ground, it's a struggle pushing it up hill, but that is to be expected when you are pushing 36 pounds of stroller loaded down with at least another 70 pounds of kids and all the things the kids need to drag along with them.  But, that has made for some amazing workouts!  When we are going back down the hill, the brakes are awesome!  Most swivel wheel strollers don't have brakes, so just be aware!-It has a huge sunshade (which is a MUST in Guam) the biggest I have ever seen on a stroller, but that sunshade blocks the view and my kids get restless when it is all the way down, so just extra sunscreen and hats on the kids.-The height of the seats (for my larger than average 3 year old), most strollers he is way too tall for, but I am estimating he will be able to sit in this stroller for another year to year and a half.-It has a huge basket underneath the seats (which my dog likes to ride in when she gets tired of running), but it does not come with a water bottle holder, seriously, who goes running without a water bottle?!!? My solution....I looped a small reusable grocery bag around the handle to put my water bottle and my keys in.-I love the height of the handle (I am 5'9" and strollers are always too short for me, but not this one!), but it could possibly be too tall for someone shorter.-Yes, this stroller is big, heavy and awkward to put into the back of my 4 door Jeep Wrangler, but I am able to do it, and I get faster at it everytime.  But, I wouldn't want anything less, I have had the smaller lightweight stroller and they always seem to fall apart on me.  Let's face it, you've got 2 kids that need to ride in a stroller, you aren't going anywhere fast anyway.  You can take the wheels off and it will fold flatter, but I don't do that.With all that being said, I definitely recommend this stroller to any runner with 2 small children.  If you are looking for a stroller to walk around the mall with, this isn't it, I would recommend the BOB revolution for that purpose.  I did look into the revolution, but it doesn't have brakes and I didn't need to spend that extra money for the swivel wheel when I wouldn't be using it.There is one more thing that I must point out, I see all these parents looking to buy 1 stroller that can "do it all".  It doesn't exist, you cannot find a double stroller that you can take out on a 5 mile run on dirt trail, then take to the mall and then easily pop it back into the trunk of your car.  We have this stroller and then 2 umbrella type strollers (Chicco Liteway).  Between those 3 strollers we are able to take 2 small children just about anywhere my family wants to go.  We take the BOB jogging, to the beach, to soccer games and to the park.  We take the Chicco's anywhere else where it would be difficult with a larger stroller.