This amazingly beautiful clutch cube provides children with a sensorial blast! To say that it is not interactive, as some have done because it only has one flap, misses the mark completely. Why this is so should be clear after a detailed description of the clutch cube:A tan lion with a perfectly round mane smiles gently at the child against a red background. A purple handle with a black-and-white stripe is attached to the side of the cube on the lion's right. This not-so-soft fabric is contrasted with two soft pieces of yellow and orange that are attached on his left, making half-circles that can be seen from many angles.Turning the cube so that the purple handle with the zebra stripe is on the left, a host of pink and orange and white flowers lay atop a golden fabric that is smooth to touch going down and rougher if your child runs his hand in the opposite direction. To the left is a soft, bright-green handle which has two teethers of red and orange looped inside its half-circle shape.One more turn and a brown monkey with big eyes and bigger ears, smiles at the child against a blue background. The monkey's immediate right contains a handle that stiffly comes off the sides, forming a red triangle with a multi-colored stripe running along its outer edge.The last turn, before coming back to the gently smiling lion, shows a greenish-blue backround with five white and yellow stripes separating a lot of tiny blue leaves. The texture feels like polyester to me; it's smooth and colder than the warm, circular, orange and yellow handles to the right.The remaining two sides of the cube contain one design of brown dots and blue circles against a white backround on bottom. On top, against the same color background, a smiling panda with big round eyes greets the child. This, the only flap, opens up to reveal a mirror underneath. The bottom side is green, soft to touch, and gives off a subtle apple smell.Now, back to the point I wanted to make at the start: interaction with a toy is not synonymous with lifting up flaps; lifting up a flap is one way to interact with a toy only.Your child will interact with this cube in many ways--using all of his senses (including auditory, as your child will hear bells when the cube is shaken, dropped, or thrown). Additionally, when he happens to come across the flap that opens to reveal a mirror and thus his own face, it should be a bit of a surprise--which is what makes the peek-a-boo game fun!