We purchased the Grovia, Charlie Banana and Babykicks Cloth wipes for use in our Prince Lionheart Premium Antibacterial Wipe Warmer. Our baby is currently 10 weeks old. We use tap water on our wipes. No "wipe solutions" of any kind. We have not had any problems with diaper rash since we moved to cloth diapers and wipes 5 weeks ago. Hands down, our favorite are the Grovia wipes. Here is the breakdown:Charlie Banana: Our least favorite of the bunch. When we bought these, the price was $17.99 for 20 organic cotton wipes. This seemed like a great value for 20 wipes! However, the cloth is a thin jersey type cotton (like thin tee-shirt material). The weave on these wipes actually repels liquids. With the other wipes, I just wet the stack under the tap and then load the stack into the wipe warmer. These wipes will not absorb water this way. I have to load the dry wipes in the warmer and then fill the warmer with water and they very slowly absorb the water over a few hours. It is a pain. Secondly, the cloth sticks to itself when wet. They are folded in half to fit in the warmer and pulling one out of the warmer and unfolding it requires two hands or a strong one-handed flick which sprays water droplets around the bathroom. Both of which are annoying when holding a squirming baby on the changing pad. Because the material is so thin, it does not hold heat from the warmer for very long, though it is usually adequate. Lastly, the material does not grab goo as well as the other two and we use more wipes per diaper change. The Grovia and babykicks usually get the job done with one wipe.Babykicks: Our mid-favorite. The material is the same material we think of found in cotton sweatpants; flannel texture on one side and a jersey knit texture on the other side. These are the smallest wipes of the lot so you have to be a bit more careful not to get your hands into poo. I also don't care for the circular shape. Folded in half, they also fit nicely in our wipe warmer. Unlike the Charlie banana, these absorb water and baby stuff just fine. The fabric texture is grabby, but still soft on baby's skin. They sometimes unfold themselves as we pull them out of the warmer, but they often need a little help.Grovia: The hands down winner! $10.95 for a dozen at the time of my purchase. 12 are a perfect fit in the warmer when folded in half. The thick baby-terry cloth absorbs water and baby goo beautifully. They unfold out the the warmer perfectly everytime. No flicking or extra hand needed. Because they are a polyester blend, they do not stain. This is a nice plus. They hold the heat from the warmer the best of the three and our baby loves the warm/soft feeling of these wipes. The terry is very soft and fine (baby-terry) and it grabs goo beautifully. We never need more then one of these per diaper change. The only drawback to these is the surged-edge fraying that other reviewers have also noted, however, these are still our hands down favorite.I am ordering more of the Grovia and tossing the Charlie Banana and Babykicks into the rag bucket.