I got this high chair about a month ago as a second highchair when my twins began eating solids.  I already had the BabyTrend and was looking for a few key improvements that this chair provided.  Overall, I've been pretty happy with it with a few disappointments.  Considering the price, though, I can live with the shortfalls.Pros:1. Vinyl seat cover.  The seat cover can be wiped down, yet does not feel plastic-y.  This is a major improvement over the fabric cover on my old highchair which, though machine washable, is so difficult to remove and replace, it hardly gets washed.2. Removable tray insert.  This makes cleanup easy -- just stick in the dishwasher or rinse in the sink.3. Smaller seat.  This is a good thing for now, because my 9-month-old (and smallish) babies don't get swallowed up in the seat, like they do in  my old chair.  This may not be so great when they're older, though.4. Easy-open straps.  The straps can be opened with one click (one hand), which is useful when I'm holding one baby and trying to extricate the other.  Again, though, this may not be so good when they figure out how to open it themselves...5.  When the tray is removed, there is a sort of mini-tray beneath it which is at the perfect height for a baby first learning to pick up Cheerios.  This is really great when they're at the age when you're still mostly spoon-feeding, because you can take off the tray to reach them easily, yet there's still a little tray for them.6.  Seems well-padded and comfortable.Cons:1.  The tray insert comes off too easily.  I could see a child popping it off and flinging it on the floor.  Food included, natch.2.  The back wheels stick out way too far beyond the chair back.  I feel like I'm always tripping over/banging into the thing.3.  The chair back, which has 3 recline positions, can be moved forwards too easily.  Whenever somebody knocks into the back of the chair (see above), the back moves to a more upright position.Overall, I've been happy with the chair with the few gripes mentioned.  I really love that mini tray, though!