This is the only stroller I have ever owned. I have owned it for almost three years now, and have three children. We live in the city, and I do not have a car during the week, so it gets a lot of use. We currently have an infant and 2 toddlers. We purchased the second seat and the riding board Baby Jogger Glider Board, Black. One common complaint is that the stroller is too heavy, but the weight of the children alone is heavy (Mine total 70lbs.), and you need a heavier duty stroller to support three kids, so while my stroller is heavy I don't complain. I do not think their is a more versatile double / triple (with riding board) on the market, that seats stadium, seats are interchangeable, and is compact for city use. I think this company has great customer service, and they have given us parts in the house after our warranty has expired. Unfortunately I feel like such an expensive stroller should not require all that much care after just a couple years of use. Some parts of the stroller have not held up. Below is a list of the issue we have encountered:-under basket- replaced under warranty within a year. If you do need to purchase it is $36-brake assembly broke- not under warranty failed in just over a year. we had to purchase $30-seat fabric was ripping in the bottom after about 2 years where my child sat, so had to be replaced. It was not under warranty, but they replaced free of charge. If we had to purchase it would have been $66-under basket was almost ripped through again after about 2 yrs- not under warranty, but they replaced free of charge-handle rubber very worn- have not replaced and probably cannot. At some point it is going to rip before we are finished using this stroller.-the handles to fold the stroller often get jammed making it near impossible to fold. My husband said he has to take the handles apart and grease.  This has been a problem after only about 6 months of use.- the frame is very beat up and scratched. Also partially our fault, but I wish it was a little more scratch resistant.I know we are going to have more expenses with this stroller, and hopefully it lasts through all three of my children.