I have a two month old and a two year old so I don't have much time to write reviews.  But I make an exception with this product.  I own probably 20 diaper bags...I've always been searching for the "perfect" one.  You know, the one that will organize all your things for baby and/or toddler while staying somewhat compact and easily accessible at all times.  I had finally decided it didn't exist!  I saw these nifty little mesh bags on zulily and took a chance.  WOW!!!  I bought two sets...blue for my infant son and pink for my toddler daughter.  She is potty training so I always have spare clothes and undies, potty covers, etc.  She also has snacks, medicine, bug spray, etc.  And I have all the usual things for baby..spare bottles, clothes, diapers, wipes, blanket, burp cloth...and on and on.  I bought the customizeable labels with the bags and for the first time I feel like my diaper bag is under control!  NOTE: yes, this is a tad bulkier than just putting things in your bag...duh.  But here is the key....USE A BAG WITH NO ORGANIZATION...in other words just a tote with no inner pockets or I have a leather bag with no lining...perfection.  You don't want all the extra lining, pockets, etc just creating extra space in your bag.  These mesh bags will allow for perfect organization and you won't really need any pockets.  I have a harper tote from pottery barn kids that is just a canvas tote with two outer side pockets....perfect for all these organizations and I can put a bottle and water bottle on the outside.Here is how I have it organized:For my infant son...1.  Diapers, wipes, plastic bags2.  Xtra outfit, xtra formula and bottle3. blanket and burp cloth4.  gripe water, pacifiers, hand sanitizer, and diaper creme5.  I'm not using the fifth bag, but when he is bigger I plan to include small books and toys in this one.For my daughter I'm just using three of these.1.  change of clothes, potty covers, medicine, bug spray, and kleenex2.  snacks (I throw this in when we need it)3.  toys (I throw this in when we need it like for restaurants for drs office)The best part of this system is I can 1.  easily see what needs to be washed, replenished after each outing 2. I can easily change bags at a moments notice and 3. my husband and other family members can easily spot what they are looking for without asking...PRICELESS!!!