I purchase both this cabinet and the South Shore Savannah changing table.  I got them together for $293 at the time I ordered them (Jan 21, 2013) plus I got FREE super saver shipping – so this was a most excellent value. Both units arrived on Jan 30th.  I put both units together by myself.  It was not hard and I LOVE the way this looks in my little girl’s room! Here are my observations:* This thing is HEAVY in the box. I am a part time single mother (as in - my husband is gone on business for a month at a time) so lifting this up the stairs was out of the question. My UPS man backed up to the garage and put it inside out of the weather for me - but I had to have a neighbor help me take it up the stairs.* It is well packaged for shipping. The packaging box is sturdy and it had extra 1 inch thick corrugated buffers glued on all corners and edges of the box plus it was plastic wrapped over the top of that. When I opened it - it had a 2 inch thick piece of foam cushioning at the top and bottom ends of the box to protect the wood laminate. The pieces were shrink wrapped together tightly to keep them from shifting and scratching each other. All the hardware was included inside in a separate cardboard box.* The assembly went very smoothly. I took my time and read through all directions and laid everything out before I started so that I could make sure there was no damage prior to assembly. I put it together all by myself. I honestly don't understand some of the reviews that I have read that say that it is hard to assemble or that it is junky. The directions were very clear and concise. All the wooden (heavy quality pressboard) parts except the drawer bottoms were stamped in ink from the factory so you knew exactly which pieces they are referring to in the directions during assembly. The hardware is not all individually marked - but it was all there and easy enough to figure out what was what from the listed description and pictures.  I took all the hardware pieces out before I assembled the unit and made sure which pieces were which.  I even put them into individual condiment cups and set the cups out on a cookie tray so they wouldn’t tip and get lost in the carpet. This made it faster and easier during the install to grab exactly what I needed and set it on the floor with the piece in that particular step of the directions.  Some people have also noted that the door has a wide gap on the one side.  This is only the case if you do not properly adjust the hinges.  This unit comes with quality adjustable hinges just like the ones on my kitchen cabinets.* The only modification I would make to this unit would be to cut a hole in the backing to put a cord through for a clock or radio to sit on the shelves. I may replace the knobs with something a little fancy just to dress it up - but the ones it came with are perfectly fine. Other than those minor things - the unit was perfect for my needs. It is sturdy and heavy and I am glad I bought it.  If your children are rough on furniture – this may not be the ideal thing for you.  GO to a furniture store and pay for real wood with metal drawer glides. As for my kids -  my 6 year old is still using the dresser I bought at a thrift shop for my oldest daughter and it looks as lovely as the day I repainted it 17 years ago so I’m sure this will last for my newest daughter for many years to come.*  The only complaint I have is a small one – the door is not as heavy as the rest of the unit.  If it were, this unit would be perfect in my opinion.In conclusion - I would highly recommend this unit to anyone on a budget like I am.  I love both the changing table and this cabinet so much that I am going to purchase the dresser as soon as the budget allows.