Although we usually feed our 9 month-old baby organic, store-bought baby food in pouches, I wanted a simple food processor that we could use once-in-awhile to make homemade baby food, or to add finely-chopped fruits and veggies to ready-made purees for an extra nutrient boost.  I didn't want to plunk down over $100 for an electric baby food maker that would only be used occasionally, and which would become virtually useless once my baby started eating table food.  But it was extremely difficult to find a regular electric food processor that's BPA-free.  So I started researching manual baby food-makers, and came across the Boon Mush.  This is a deceptively-simple device consisting of 3 sharp metal blades that the user spins within a bowl by pulling on a ring connected to a string.  At first, I was skeptical about how a product resembling a child's toy (minus the sharp blades) could possibly dice and chop fruits and vegetables finely enough to make baby food.  Well, the Boon Mush made a believer out of me!  Its 3 blades minced everything we put in it, from steamed carrots to mangoes, efficiently and effectively.  The consistency of the finished product depends on the amount of time and power you put into pulling the cord mechanism to rotate the blades, and of course, the type of food you start with (juicy vs. dry).  On that note, the Boon Mush will not make 100% smooth purees like you might get with an electric food processor or high-end blender.  Rather, as its name suggests, the finest consistency you can get is a textured "mush" containing very small bits of food.  Therefore, this product may not be ideal for making baby food for an infant who's just getting started on solid foods.  But once your baby is ready for textured solids, the Boon Mush is likely to become one of your "go-to" baby food-making devices.  It's BPA-free, which is a huge plus.  And, as an added bonus, it can be used to dice and chop fruits and veggies for "adult" food once your little-one has outgrown baby food.Grade: A