BOTTOM LINE: I would buy this again in a heart-beat and I would buy it over any other travel crib or pack n' play. I have been so impressed with this crib. 100% worth every penny!! It has been used every night for seven months and shows no signs of wear!My husband and I bought this crib as our only crib for our first baby. We were nervous because it was such a large purchase for us. (This is the most expensive thing we have purchased besides our car.) After extensive research we decided on the babybjorn because my husband is in graduate school and we will be doing a lot of moving in the next few years. She has slept in it since she was three days old and she is now seven months and the crib looks and functions as if it was new!Our BabyBjorn has been in six states and five countries. We have checked it at airports all over Europe and the US. We have checked it in its carrying case alone and it has not been damaged in anyway. It has been on trains, buses, metros, trams, in taxis, cars, and planes! Even the bag has yet to show signs of wearing.The crib unzips from the metal bars so it can be washed as well. This is really nice if you travel a lot. We moved into our apartment in Italy and found out that there were bed bugs in it! We were worried we would have to replace our loved crib but it can be washed and the matress is cased in plastic so it is safe. (The plastic liner can unzip and both the matress and the plastic can be washed.) If you are planning on doing any extensive traveling you will run into bed bugs and this crib is a must.The sheets and matress pad made by babybjorn are expensive however I found them for half the price at sheetworld.com. And we were able to get hot pink cotton ones and hot pink flannel ones.The crib is so easy to put together. I personally hate setting things up but it is one motion - just lifting it out of the case! It also comes ready-to-go so no need to put together. It even is easy to put back into its case. Amazingly, seven months plus six countries later it still opens up perfectly everytime.I love that I can see into it so easily through the mesh. Being a first time mom I was super nervous when she slept but I could see her without lifting my head off the pillow. Also, our little one moves a lot while she sleeps and sometimes ends up pressed against the side. Luckily the babybjorn is light fabric so she can breath while her face is planted into the side. Another great thing is that all the bars are outside of the crib so there is nothing hard for her little head to hit.Durning the night she sleeps in it and during the day she plays in it. Unlike pack n' plays the bottom will not sag because the matress is supported by the floor.Also, it is small enough to fit in tight hotel rooms and even on some trains but large enough to provide comfort and space for even the most wiggley babies! The carrying case is also slim enough for us to pack it on the floor of our Saturn in front of her car seat. It even was smashed in our trunk from Washington DC to Idaho and worked just fine when we pulled it out.Two things about it to keep in mind. The crib sits on the floor so it is cooler at the lower elevation than a traditonal crib. Also, I had a c-section and it was difficult for the first week to bend over and lift her out of it. However the crib has been built well enough that I do lean on it to grab her and it has not had any issues.It is hands down the best purchase we made. Although it is a bit pricey it is worth every penny. I would pay twice what it cost for it. I have told friends to buy it. I will buy another all over again.