PROS: Good picture quality, notices small sound, camera has color and night vision.CONS: Monitor screen is smallMy toddler likes to venture out of his bed at night. With him being upstairs while my husband and I are downstairs the standard audio baby monitors were not doing enough to help us keep an eye on him. We had to switch to a video monitor. We didn’t want to spend a fortune on a monitor that would be helpful for an infant, but something that gave us added piece of mind being able to see him. I am very satisfied with our purchasing the Summer Infant Sure Sight Digital Color Video Baby Monitor.VISION: Because our son likes to get out of his bed at night, he likes to turn his bedroom light on to play with his toys. While my husband and I are downstairs relaxing, we wanted a camera that we would be able to see if the light was turned on. This Summer Infant Monitor is in color and when the light is off it features the night vision as well. I enjoy the fact that it has color. If my son turns the light on in his bedroom, the camera will show the colors through the monitor. It has been very helpful with that aspect. The quality of the camera monitors has LCD 2.4GHz wireless digital technology. It’s not the highest quality, but it defiantly does the job. We can clearly see if he has something in his hands and has not become blurry.FEATURES: This monitor can add multiple camera to switch between. We have purchased additional camera to set up in his room to switch to different areas of his bedroom. With just a click of the button, you can choose between different cameras. I have a piece of mind knowing this monitor is on a single server so no one can tap into the cameras and we cannot pick up on anyone else’s either. There is also a feature of a light indicator for sounds. Sometimes we will turn the volume off on the monitor, but it will not let us forget if there is noise because of the light. I do wish the size of the monitor screen was a bit larger. The monitor screen is 1.8inches.DURABILITY: These cameras have been dropped, had toys hit them and stepped on. They have not lost quality. I was surprised how durable these cameras and monitor are. There is not dents or scratches that have happened to them either with all the rough care they have experienced. These cameras in a household with an active toddler is impressive.CHARGE LIFE: For the monitor, we try our best to always have it plugged in, but if I need to do the dishes and take the monitor out of the living room I can. I would estimate that the charge life of the monitor can last up to 8 hours. We turn off the monitor and cameras every night when my husband and I go to bed, but sometimes we forget and the monitor will still be turned on in the morning. If you want to save the charge life, you can turn off the monitor by using the off button and it will save it for the next time you use it.PRICE: The price for this items was very reasonable. We were getting an LCD video monitor that had color and night vision with two cameras. We did purchase additional cameras separately, but that was for our preference. We have had these for going on three years now and still has the same great quality as the day we purchase them.