As with everything else we conscientious parents/grandparents (yes, I realize that I'm not the only psycho researcher out there), I researched booster seats religiously. This entire process took me about 3 months when I realized that my second daughter is insanely large for her age and she would be outgrowing the car seat momentarily. The funny thing is that I own a Marathon and a B-Nimble stroller and worship them both, so the Frontier 85 was the front runner right out of the gate. However, I didn't want to be hypnotized by the Britax brand (although I totally am), and let "the greatest booster seat ever" allude my grasp; hence my journey began.I don't putz around either. I gave some lower end seats an honest investigation, because you never know where you may find a precious gem of a surprise! But alas, I didn't. Then I moved on to familiar territory: Clek, Recarro, Diono just to name drop a few. I knew two things going in: I want a 5 point harness and the best bet in the unlikely event of an accident. The Marathon (Cowmooflage) that we have owned for 3 years, is an incredibly safe and thoughtful chair, so it made sense to just upgrade to the Frontier (which is also Cowmooflage).There are 2 points that I would like to address that other reviewers have made complaints again. Unlike the Marathon, the tightening on the LATCH system is only one sided. However, Britax has cleverly instructed us to pull the slack through the slot near the bottom right of the seat. I just installed this seat today and it is remarkably easy to do. I'll teach you a trick. Don't pull the slack straight out towards you. Kneel on the seat with all of your weight bearing down, and pull the slack in a straight line hard and to the left. Kind of like a lawn mower but in the opposite direction. When I lifted my knees, the seat didn't budge, not even to "give" from releasing my body weight. This puppy won't move an inch, Just like the Marathon. For reference, they are both installed in a Saab 9.7.The Cowmooflage material is the only material however that is not like a thick shiny tent-like material that I'm just not down with. I've actually never seen or felt a seat with similar material, but it stays cool when it's supposed to and vice versa. You can tell it's expensive.This brings me to my final point which is the price point. Don't even flinch. As soon as you open the box, your anxieties will be released. This seat feel $300, no doubt about that. My 3.5 year old daughter's face lit up when I opened the box and she said, no kidding, "Cool!" There are 2 built in cup holders- seemless, no less so nowhere for gross things to fester. Consumer reports and parents alike rave about this seat. keep your kids buckled for as long as humanly possible. If they're older, use the booster mode or park farther away from their school. Kidding. Kind of.Bottom line, if you're on the fence, jump.Safe travels to you all...