As a new parent finding the right stroller can be a long, and somewhat stressful process. There are literally hundreds you can choose from, ranging from a few hundred dollars to thousands! Many people think of a stroller as a "car" for babies - do you want a Mercedes or a Kia, and what can you afford? I've found some pretty good resources for deciding on the best stroller, including a site that lets you do side-by-side comparison of features (it's called justafax , you can google it) if you go there you'll see a stoller section that compares some of the top strollers side-by-side.some of the most important features I was looking for were if the stroller could fold as a double (which means if you have twins, will it still fold up), and also if the seat is reversible. For example, some seats will literally spin, while others the handle will simple move from one side to the other. I really liked the ability to compare features side-by-side, as often things can get confusing.I recommend taking a quick look at the site, at least for a little information.Some other things to consider are whether or not you'll be using the stroller a lot in the an urban environment, vs a rural environment. If, for example, you only take the baby(s) out on a walk occasionally, getting a stroller that has simple foam tires may be enough. In my opinion, I'd go for a stroller with foam-filled rubber (if you're a bit more active like me), as it gives the support of a rubber wheel without having to worry about popping a flat.Another important aspect to your stroller which few consider is it's ability to grow with the baby as the baby grows. Often for the first few months of birth your baby will be using the car-seat as the primary mode of mobile-protection both inside and outside the car. You want to make sure that you are happy with the car-seat, and that the on you choose either matches the stroller you buy, or is compatible with it. Some brands only allow their own car-seats to work with their strollers, so be aware of that when making your decision!Lastly the most important thing to consider is the overall weight of the stroller, as you'll be needing to lug this in-and-out of your vehicle on a regular basis. Many people get enamored by the size and storage of some strollers, without considering weight.Anyway, I hope this information can help you decide on the best stroller to fit your needs, good luck and congratulations, you're a parent!