I read every review I could find, and this stroller is all over the board when it comes to reviews. Read my best review here on Amazon so I'm going to write my own now that I have the stroller to help other Moms. I'll be honest I was a little scared after I bought this stroller because of the reviews. My fears were done after I opened it. I'll start from the opening.So you open the box take it out pop the shades on and kids trays and your good to go. I loaded my 3 year old and 9 month old into the stroller and took her for a spin outside. This baby will corner on a dime, no problems with the weight of my older son and pushing it was just as smooth. Make sure you unlock the front wheels. They truly make this stroller. My little one can reach his feet and push himself up he loves it laughs.I started playing with all the CONS I heard about the stroller.Sunshades - This is an important feature to a stroller for me. I want something to cover the kids in rain and snow. So the shades will pull down and cover from sun. But if you pull it to far it will hit the kids face. Unlike the Pliko3 which can come all the way down to cover your child. I will admit I am disappointed in that feature. So I went online and bought a Rain Guard for the stroller problem is solved. covers there feet to so even better.Adult Cupholder - Peg Perego is know for bad cupholders, I own a Pliko3 and its horrible this one is better than the Pliko but I can see the fault. I had an extra attachable cupholder and hooked it on problem solved and now I have two, if this one breaks I will get another attachable.Child Cupholder - non exsisting, but I dont keep drinks in the front anyway so not a con for me, can see how it would be.Squeeky Wheel - Haven't had this problem start yet but from reviews put some WD40 on it and call it a day.Now PROSLightweightCompactSide by Side so your kids both have leg room. ( Front to Back double stollers are horrible the back child has no room and the front can't lay down. Dont even bother with one. I'm speaking from experience I sold my other double stroller to get a this one.)Fits thru doors no problem at all. I haven't been shopping yet but The way this thing moves I really dont see a problem.Traveling with this stroller will be amazing, whether I'm putting it in the car or airport check in, the way this thing folds down you just can't believe how small it gets.Bottom line yes there are things people will not like about this stroller, but if you are sick of HUGE double stollers that cant fit in your car, can't push easily and your child has no room. This is the stroller for you.Dont let the mixed reivews fool you. Unless the things I named really are an issue for you. But you aren't going to find a better stroller for less money, and spending $800 on a stroller is insane. Save the money.The price is high BUT DO YOUR HOMEWORK, I bought mine for WAY LESS than retail. You can also find them used. I couldn't find one used but look into that method. There are Mom's out there like myself who take care of there baby stuff. I wish I had this stroller when I had the infant car seat I can see how awesome that would have been.