I purchased this diaper bag a little over a year ago. I have used it almost every day since then and still completely love it. Here are some things I noticed/ love about this bag:1. I love the zipper pouch that comes with it. We use it to hold diaper and wipes and it's very convenient just to be able to take the pouch with me sometimes when I'm on the go and don't want to bring the whole bag.2. We haven't used the changing pad much but it's convenient when we need it. It's pretty bulky so for the most part we don't keep it in the bag.3. The thermos is great. We have used in on several occasions. We started out putting bottles in it but now my son uses sippy cups and those fit just fine as well. It keeps the milk cold and it's easy to wash in case any milk leaks out.4. The bag is very roomy and fits all of our needs. I love the side pockets with the magnetic clips. They are a perfect size for a bottle or sippy cup, or my cell phone for easy access.5. The style of the bag is convenient and really cute. I like that it is all magnetic and the magnets are strong so even when the bag is stuffed full, it will clip easily. I have gotten a ton of compliments on the style of the bag and my husband doesn't even mind toting it around.6. The strap for the bag is not the most comfortable strap you could ask for but it does an adequate job. Our strap actually bent around one of the clip parts at one point and eventually just completely broke off (after about 10 months of use). I e-mailed Kalencom and told them what happened and no questions asked, they sent us a completely new, matching strap as well as extra stroller straps (since I mentioned we had lost one of ours). I was really impressed that they were so quick and efficient with their customer service and that they went above and beyond by sending us extra stroller straps too.7. The stroller straps have been awesome! The previous bag I used didn't come with stroller straps and I had no idea what I was missing out on. I love that I can attach this bag to basically anything, anywhere.8. After a year of constant use and not even trying to be nice or gentle to the bag, it still looks brand new. The studs on the bottom of the bag help to keep it off the ground which helps with wear and tear as well.I seriously love this bag and can picture using it for many years to come.  You really can't beat the quality and the extras it comes with.