Today I am reviewing this exersaucer by evenflo. When I first took this exersaucer i was very surprised how easy it was to put together and to set up. The seat portion is very colorful and the fabric is also very nice and heavy duty. There is also padding around the edges of the seat so that your baby can't hurt themselves. The straps on this are very strong and very well made and put together. You can also adjust the straps to fit your baby so they can fit inside the excersaucer comfortably . The clamp part that you attach to the doorway is very strong and sturdy and very heavy duty. I love how it is very easy to attach the excersaucer to the door as well as take it down. I do have to climb on a step stool in order to get it on and off the door way because I am short and the spring that holds it is very strong. My husband has to get on a stool as well to get it down because he has a hard time getting it off. The spring that makes this exersaucer bounce is a very heavy duty spring and I feel very safe having my baby in it.  My son loves this exersaucer but he can only stand being in it for so long maybe 10-15 minutes before he gets tired and wants to get out. I'm sure his legs get tired from bouncing because when he is in it he goes wild and bounces like a wild child. My daughter who is 2 who weighs about 25 pounds loves to get into it as well and sway back and forth like a little swing and she also likes to bounce in it. Even though it isn't ment for toddlers the excersaucer holds up nicely with her in it.  A few cons about this item is that when I go to take it down I really don't have a way to nicely store it since I have to take it down whenever he is done using it because we don't have a doorway I can permanently leave it on. It is also a pain to take on and off numerous times a day so I don't find myself using it as often as I thought I would because it is hard for me to take it off and put it on.  But really love this exersaucer because it gives my baby good leg excersise and my baby loves it as well as my toddler. I would recommend this exersaucer for anyone who has a very active baby who loves to bounce, has a place to keep it up or don't mind taking it down and putting it up numerous times a day.