Our baby has been resting and sleeping in the rocker napper since she came home from the hospital, and at six weeks old, she still loves it!  We use it with the Summer Infant Snuzzler to make it a little more cushy and to position her well within the napper.The rocker napper is small and light enough to be moved from room to room, and I even use it in the bathroom to keep baby nearby while I bathe or shower.  It's not built to be pulled around with baby in it; you have to move the napper first and then place baby.  But it's so light that I can carry baby in one arm and push or pull the napper with the other hand.She sleeps in the rocker napper every night, and I love that I can pull it up close to the bed.  I can lean over and touch her without having to get up, which allows me to get a little more sleep!  We have tried her in the crib, but she wakes immediately.  Something about the size of the rocker napper must be more comfy and soothing.Baby loves the snail toy that hangs down; it was one of the first things she smiled at.  So far, she doesn't seem to care about the vibration feature or the light/music show at all, but both do work fine and may interest her later.  You will need a C battery for the vibration and AA batteries for the light/music.I'm not sure about the reviews that said this item doesn't rock.  Maybe they assembled it incorrectly?  It rocks fine.  It's not a big, dramatic rock, but for a baby, it's the kind of gentle rocking you want to soothe them.  My husband sits at his desk and rocks the napper with his foot while working on the computer.One flaw:  the mobile arm makes a loud clicking noise and shakes the napper a bit when we rotate it out of the way to pick up the baby.  We've tried to figure out if we somehow installed it incorrectly, but we can't find a problem.  If this is the norm, it is a flaw that should be corrected when there's a new version.  The first time baby fell asleep in there, I rotated the arm to pick her up and move her into the crib, and the noise and shaking startled her awake and made her scream.  Since then, we rotate the arm out of the way as soon as she looks sleepy.Without this flaw, I'd definitely give the napper 5 stars.  Even with that one flaw, our baby really loves it, and it's definitely a piece of equipment that we use every day and night!Update:  Baby is now 4.5 months old.  She rarely uses the RN now.  My little one is a big girl, very long and lean.  During her third month, the rocker napper started to seem strained under her weight, even though she hadn't reached the 20 pound limit, so we transitioned her to co-sleeping.We used it as a seat for about a month, but then she really wanted to sit up straight all the time, so the rocker napper seat, which reclines even at the highest position, was no longer her favorite.  She graduated to the Summer Infant positioner seat, which helps her sit up like a big girl (similar to bumbo seat).  I am still really glad we had the RN during her newborn months, but just wanted to give you a timeline as far as how long this may be useful.She never did care much about the mobile or vibration feature.  We really could have done without.I would still 100% recommend this as a purchase for a newborn.  It was such a comfort to me to pull her close to my bed so I could touch her in the night, and she slept in it much better than in the crib.