I've seen just about every kind of pressure mounted gate. They all suffer from one or more usability problems. This gate solves them all. I bought one to use at my in-laws' over Christmas and couldn't wait to buy another one to replace the pressure mount gate we currently use at home.This gate is locked and unlocked by raising and lowering an ergonomic handle on the top-center of the gate. Pulling the handle up will shorten the gate slightly, allowing it to be removed. Pressing it down will expand the gate and lock it place. The handle can only be pulled up AFTER releasing a locking catch. Operation is simple and secure.The size of the gate is adjusted for your doorway using the same handle. When the handle is in the "open" position it can be raised further after releasing a second locking catch. This ingenious design allows the gate to be adjusted once and then operated over and over again without readjusting it. Furthermore, adjusting the size is virtually automatic. Just raise the handle to the adjustment position, slide the panel by hand until it touches both walls, then press the handle down in two distinct steps (to prevent adjusting it too tight). The gate is then ready to use, and should never require adjustment again.Next we come to a common problem with pressure mount gates - non-parallel walls. Lesser gates are often difficult to adjust tightly on both the top and bottom of the gate, leaving a loose and dangerous installation. The Perfect Fit gate solves this problem with a spring loaded arm that contacts the wall in two places (top and bottom) but pivots in the middle at it's single point contact with the gate panel. Please note that this feature is not intended to accomodate large steps in the wall surface (thick baseboards for example) but to achieve a "perfect fit" between virtually any two flat walls. In my experience it worked like a dream.Now, what I was after in a gate was reliable one-handed operation. This can best be achieved by mounting the gate with the optional hinges. Yes the hinges are plastic, but I found them to be well made. They should not break unless you try to adjust the gate too tightly and put excessive pressure on them. A bonus feature of the hinges is that the gate can easily be lifted out of them when not in use, and put back when needed. No tools are required.Yet another option to choose whether or not to use are the recessed contact pads provided for the moving side of the gate. These provide extra security against pushing the gate out of place and are NOT optional when the gate is used at the top of stairs. They have a tall ramp on one side and a short one on the other. Install them to allow the gate to swing AWAY from the stairs. One minor gripe is that the short ramps are a bit higher than they really need to be. They sometimes keep the gate from swinging open easily but I plan to sand down the short ramps just a bit.In summary, this gate is clever, well designed and sturdy. Like anything else it can be broken if abused, but I expect it to stand up to our daily use just fine. And all this in a product at the lower end of the price range! What could be better?