I ordered this to take an impression of my sons foot for my husbands first Fathers Day... something went wrong when I was pouring the plaster and the mold just didn't come out correctly.  I contacted customer service at Pressions and I must say, AWESOME!  They went over tips and tricks that I didn't know, which probably caused the failure.  I did watch the YouTube video showing how to create the project and read the instructions multiple times.  The company sent me replacement sand and plaster so I could redo my project.  I did have two people to help with the creation of the project the first time, I may wait until my son is asleep to try it again.  He is much more flexible and pliable when he is sleeping!!**For those of you who wanted to put a picture in your mold (When I spoke to the representative from the company she said many asked) you can not put a regular picture or the water from the plaster will ruin it.  I went to Shutterfly and ordered a keychain with my sons picture, it is a silver frame with an acrylic coating.  I just removed the chain and key ring.  It was nice to have a photo of him added to show his age at the time the prints were taken.  The keychain cost $20 normally but if you watch, you can often get it for 40-60% off using online codes.  To me, it was worth the $20 because of the cost of the project and its uniqueness.Update:  I was finally able to recreate my sons footprint in the sand!  The second time was a charm, I was able to do both feet because he is so little and they came out perfectly.A couple of tips:1. if under 2, use the feet, even when sleeping my son still wanted to curl his hands in the sand.2. make sure your sand is wet enough, this time I had it damper and it made a much better impression3. if you are worried about sand sticking to your childs hand/foot, dust with baby powder lightly, it helps4. use the smoothing tool (the plastic board) to write your childs information on and press it into the wet plaster on the back of the project5. if you get frustrated and need to take a break, put the sand in a plastic bag and rewet it prior to trying it again, don't settle for almost because any imperfections in the sand WILL show up when you pour the plaster.6. if all else fails, try, try againI hope this helps you in your quest to make a lasting memory!  Have patience, have fun and most of all, take your time.  Expect to have to do a dozen impressions in the sand before you get the one you like.