We were using a portable chair on top of our kitchen chair to save space since we have a tiny house. My 16 month old daughter started rocking it and tipping (not all the way over, but getting close). We knew it was time to get something else. After we purchased this, my sister pointed out we could have transitioned her into a booster, which may be another alternative for parents out there with a young toddler. Our little one can be hard to contain, so I like the security of this chair.Most important to me, this chair is very stable. She was trying to tip it from the start, and she would get a little movement, but not as frightening as the old setup. Now, she has given up this behavior since the rocking isn't as "thrilling" as her old setup.  Also, I have caught her, now 18 months, climbing up the back when not in use and it hasn't tipped (We do NOT condone this behavior, just thought it was an interesting perspective on the stability of the chair, and something else for you to consider when looking at high chairs)This chair looks neat - it is sort of industrial looking as it reminds me of a ladder. Looks tall, but it is for a regular table. If we don't use they tray, she can still sit strapped in, nice and safe. We just bought the tray, no extra accessories. The tray is long and not real wide (doesn't stick outwards far) and has a lot of surface space. The cushion it comes with is fine and wipes up clean easily. I can see this being her chair for a really long time and also happy we freed up a chair for regular guests. The footprint is ok. We have it in a high traffic area and haven't tripped on it. It doesn't fit under the table (without tray) as easily as a chair, but it is ok considering it is a high chair.I am very picky and like to see things in person, so I am not a big on-line purchaser, but they do not sell this chair locally. I am really happy with it and wish I got it sooner to save some high blood pressure moments with my daughter rocking her old chair and preventing a potentially dangerous situation sooner. I thought it was an excellent price compared to similar types of chairs. If safety, a great look, flexibility and versatility are important to you, I recommend this chair.