I had always planned to nurse and bottle feed my LO. I did some research and these bottles constantly came up in top lists for bottles for breastfed babies, so I bought a few thinking we would ween her in to bottles over a period of time.  That didn't happen.  When my daughter was two weeks the family dog got very sick and needed to be rushed to the vet. We didn't think it was appropriate to take daughter,  and since it was my dog I decided to go and leave my daughter with my husband. I handed him an Adiri Stage 1 bottle and a couple bags of frozen breastmilk.  Then we exchanged a "good luck," unsure who was going to have the worst few hours.  It was definitely me.  She took the bottle right away and has never had any problems with it since. She's going on 4 months now. Her latch has always been perfect, and I swear that it's because she uses the same latch for the bottles. She's takes the bottle just as easily as the nipple, and sometimes in the same feeding. It's just perfect!I know some people have had issues with leaking, and yest it CAN be a problem if you don't put the cap on correctly or clean the vent so no liquid leaks out. For the majority of the time leaking has NOT been an issue for us.  Here's my pros vs cons:PROS1. It's the only bottle she'll take2. Dishwasher safe (but I still hand wash them)3. No nipple confusion! Easy transition from nipple to bottle and back the other way. Have done that many times!4. Her latch on the bottle is almost exactly the same as it is on the nipple so nursing her has remained comfortable and pain-free.5. Milk flow is appropriate for each stage so she gets the same rate of milk whether she's nursing or bottle feeding.7. Easy to clean and put back together.CONS1. It's the only bottle she'll take! I've been caught out and about without a bottle and I can't find these at the local Target or Babies R' Us. I've tried 3 different bottles and she won't take any of them. I have learned to never leave the house with a bottle packed.2. Can't warm up milk in the bottle easily because bottle is thick.  (This is okay with me since warming up the milk in the storage bags is so easy anyway)3. Formula may clog the hole, but I think that's normal for most bottles.4. Leaking CAN be an issue if not assembled correctly.