tl;dr: Best bottles for baby and a wonderful starter pack.Before baby made her debut, I made sure to research the heck out of every single thing I would buy.Why?1) She may be the first, but won't be the last.2) We're too broke to buy cheap stuff. (A little extra in price for a quality product makes ALL the difference.)3) The room we have is minimal, so we need to make the most of what we have.4) My cousin had colic. My niece had colic. I was NOT taking my chances.I had some great hand-me-down stuff from friends, but when I spotted a Dr. Brown's bottle in real life, I could already see the difference in quality..We were given everything from Tommee Tipee to Philips Avent (all anti-colic systems), but something made me feel more secure about Dr. Brown's.I made the call to purchase these bottles and have not looked back.They were worth every dime.Don't make the mistake I did and buy extra brushes, inserts, etc. before actually needing them. This set has EVERYTHING you need up until 6 months (then you need size 3 nipples, size 4 after 9 months). Save yourself the cash and hassle. This is an amazing, AMAZING set.We bought 2, but you can easily get by with 1. We didn't even use the big bottles until baby was about 4 months old and started eating 150ml+ a feeding because we had a total of 4 small bottles. Baby was pretty much bottle fed after month 1 (hi, I'm a working mom), so if you're good about washing your bottles ASAP, and don't mind using ginormous bottles for a little amount of milk a newborn needs, the 1 set will do for quite a bit of time.The set includes:3 Large Bottles (8oz, hold up to 250 ml)2 Small Bottles (4oz, hold up to 125 ml)5 Level 1 Nipples (Newborn - 3 months)2 Level 2 Nipples (3 months - 6 months)5 Bottle Caps (1 for each bottle)2 Travel Caps (they screw onto the bottle like a lid to carry liquid without the nipple and vent system present)5 vents (3 large, 2 small)3-5 small parts brushes (One of my sets had one for each bottle)5 discs that fit all 5 bottles (Place between nipple and insert to help prevent leaks while traveling. Protip: Don't bother. Use the travel caps)5 inserts (these fit all 5 bottles)I've included pictures that show an example of each of these parts.Also, I've done a quasi-visual breakdown of how to put the vent system together.Goodness knows this would have helped me a TON before my purchase of this set.For some reason, some of the nipples have different numbering indicators.I've seen that on the German manufactured nipples, the number is indicated on the bottom of the nipple.The US manufactured nipples have the number of the nipple level clearly marked on the side of the nipple.I've also included pictures of this.(Note: All the extra nipples I've ordered have been US manufactured and therefore have the easy notation)BEST bits about Dr. Brown's bottles in my opinion:You can hear when baby has finished all of the liquid from the bottleMy kid was a lousy latcher with breasts and wide-mouth bottles alike. These? Not a problem.General Drawbacks:The amount of extra time I've spent cleaning bottles is considerableThe nipples leak into the cap if you do not put a disc.. and sometimes even with a discTiny parts mean lost partsTiny parts mean tiny brushes that need to clean said tiny partsThey aren't always readily available for purchase if I forget my kid's bottle and need to run to the local pharmacySome parts are hard to clean and can develop residue if not taken care of (eventually mold, I've heard)The setup confuses the heck out of babysitters and, well, everyone ("She drinks through the straw..?" *facepalm*)I had to buy an adapter to get these to screw into my Spectra S1 breast pumpThe traditional bottle width makes it harder to pour formula, pumped milk, etc.General Advantages:We've had almost no problems with gas or colic (okay, a little bit around 3 months due to slight reflux issues)One becomes a pro at assembling and disassembling these very quicklyIt's a good laugh to describe the parts as "crackpipes" and "spaceships" (reservoirs and inserts, respectively)Forgot the actual bottle but have the rest of the bits? They fit on most standard bottles I've encounteredYou'll never have an issue identifying your bottles versus others' (unless, of course, someone close to you uses them, too)With the exception of, "UGH, do I have to wash this bottle now?" and the extra time it takes, I can't complain about these bottlesHonestly, there is no price or time limit on making sure my baby is as comfortable as possible.I definitely made the right decision on getting these bottles and am glad to have purchased this set.Like you, I rely on quality Amazon reviews to make my purchase decisions.Should this have assisted you in some way, I'd greatly appreciate you clicking, "Yes," next to, "Was this review helpful to you?"It lets me know how to guide my future reviews and assist my fellow Amazon users.