This backpack was everything everyone said it would be.  It was as comfortable as you can reasonably expect a backpack holding a 22lbs child can be and was easy to use.  We spent a couple minutes figuring out the sun shade/canopy but once understood, we had no trouble. It's great for hiking and/or taking your child someplace where a stroller is difficult to maneuver.  It has pockets and a drink holder that are very handy.  My only fear while wearing it is that if I turn my ankle or something, then the big boy and I are both going down... but otherwise it seems very safe for him and me.I do notice that after he's been in the pack more than 30 minutes he gets a bit of a red mark on the insides of his legs if his bare leg touches on that part.  It doesn't appear to chafe him or anything... more of a pressure mark.  He's has chubby legs and the inside cradle for the child seems to be kinda wide in the crotch area (probably for support reasons) but it seems a bit too wide for him.  I try to make sure and put a little towel or cloth down there if he's going to be in it for awhile.  It totally doesn't seem to bother him at all (he loves being in the pack) but it does look red when I get him out of the pack.I would suggest starting out slowly and not going on a 45 minute walk the first time out (which I did because my son seemed to enjoy it so much!) because it can be a little tiring for your back the first time.  I was not in pain or anything (was in PAIN when I used the Baby Bjorn as soon as big boy hit the 18 pound-ish mark)but the area between my shoulder blades started to feel tired.  I also notice that I tend to slump or lean forward a little when I wear it.  My husband doesn't seem to do this though... could be because he's taller and the pack doesn't hit his bottom or could be due to the fact that women's center of gravity is in the caboose while men's center of gravity is in the shoulders (also noticable when women are learning to ice skate... they tend to stick out the booty more than men!).  My friend has the same backpack and said that she stopped leaning forward after she got more used to the pack so I think it's something that you stop doing once you're used to carrying that much weight on your back.Anyway, all in all I was very pleased with the cost and functionality of the pack.  This will also come in handy when we have our second so we won't have to buy a double stroller or anything.