When I found out I was having a little girl I was SOOOO EXCITED!  I had already made up my decision that if I had a girl I would chose the Hello Kitty theme for her room, and pretty much her childhood.  When I found this I was sooooooooooo excited!  It is EXACTLY as it appears in the picture but it's also MUCH bigger than I thought.  It has plenty of pockets for easy storage and is soooo fashionable!  When I take my girl out for shopping runs or walks I constantly get stopped so people can not only admire my precious little girl (lol, ok, what can I say?  I'm a super proud mommy), but woman want to know where I got this bag!  It's really unique and after weeks of research I couldn't find one that would top the practicality, design, and color of this bag.  And the silver Hello Kitty embelishment on the front is a real eye catcher.  Makes it feel like a real designer bag :)OK, I have to share this story:I was sooo shocked to see the size (pleasantly so).  When I opened it up, I started to admire it in detail and my little girl got all excited and started to reach for it like she thought it was hers (she's got a thing for bags I guess).  Well, she saw the kitties on it and she got even more excited :)  I put it down and she started acting like she wanted to sit in it so I picked her up and placed her in the bag!  She FIT!  LOL, like, I actually could have just walked around with her in the bag (which of course I didn't).  Point is, I got this bag when she was about 7 months old and the bad STILL looked big with her in it :)  So you know you will have tons of room.  She sat in that bag til she got board and then tried curling up and laying down in it at which point I decided enough was enough.  LOL, guess I've Hello Kitty'd her so much that she has decided that EVERYTHING Hello Kitty is hers (which is fine by me).  If I remember, I'll put up a few pictures I took of her playing in the new bag :)THE BEST FEATURE?!IT HAS BUILT IN STROLLER STRAPS THAT MATCH THE COLOR OF THE BAG!!!  I never take mine off the stroller now unless we need to fold the stroller up for shopping trips.  But I always have my bag with me :)OK, that's about it.  As you can tell, I'm SUPER excited to have this bag and will be looking forward to the many years of yes I'll have. It's durable, waterproof (well, it's like vinyl or something so the water just runs off instead of getting soaked, so take it as you will), and I have not met a single person that isn't impressed with it.  Even my hubby and other dads I've met think it's pretty cool "for a baby thing."  LOLKnow of an ultimate Hello Kitty fan?  Maybe a mommy-to-be with a need for a fashionable bag that's also completely practical in design?  GET THIS BAG!  You (or she) will NOT be disappointed!!!!