I don't have kids, and had no idea that Bottle Coolers even existed until last week -- but I am an avid cyclist and a dedicated re-purposer, and recently I found myself in need of a lunch cooler that would fit in my MTX Trunk Bag EX with rigid molded panels.I think I typed "insulated bag" into Amazon's search engine, and it led me to this guy.  After examining the dimensions, I decided to give it a whirl.Thanks to Amazon Prime, my little brown TwoCOOL cooler arrived quickly. It even came with a nice little re-usable gel "ice"-pack!  On Thursday, I gave its first test run.  I packed up some biryani I'd made on Wednesday night in a rectangular 3-cup container, tucked the now-frozen ice-pack in on top, and still had plenty of room for a dip-sized container of yoghurt, and one of my trusty Light My Fire Sporks (Light My Fire Spork 4-Pack - Assorted (Blue, Red, Yellow, Green Apple)).  I could have crammed more in there, but I figured that 3 cups of biryani was plenty.It turns out that this thing is a really perfect fit in the MTX Trunk Bag.  It tucks in beautifully with a little room at the end and enough clearance that I didn't have to remove the jumble of portable bike tools that live in my "junk-in-the-trunk bag."  Side-to-side, the dimensions are spot on, so the cooler didn't rattle around inside the MTX bag.  Instead, it stayed where I put it.Now for the important part: the cool factor!I left home at around 7 AM.  When I broke out my lunch a little after noon, the ice-pack was still frozen solid and the biryani and yoghurt were fresh-from-the-fridge cold, just as I had hoped.  When I arrived home around 5:30, the ice pack was still partly frozen, and the remaining biryani and yoghurt were still at a safe temperature -- after several hours out in the heat of the day!J.L. Childress' Tall TwoCOOL two-bottle cooler has proven to be a perfect fit (literally!) for my needs.  I haven't yet discovered any drawbacks.  I'm not sure how it does as a bottle cooler, but as a bike-friendly lunch cooler, it's ideal.SummaryPros+Perfectly sized for a single lunch.+Ideal fit for Topeak MTX Trunk Bag!+Stays cool all day.+A number of available colors (I chose the 'cocoa blue' colorway).Cons...Haven't discovered any yet!