It does the job well and for $5 for two is really the best buy.  Our windows were already factory tinted but there was still too much light being passed through the window and these shades have helped.  It's also nice that they aren't permanent.To get all the air bubbles out and as nice as an installation as you could expect, you should install them similar to how professional window tint installer do.  Here's what I did that works as good as can be expected, you'll need a spray bottle, a squeegee or credit card and some lint free towels.1.  Once you receive the shades, unbox them and lay each of them out somewhere on a flat surface, add a book or something else heavy on top of them to flatten out the creases created from the packaging of them.  For best results, leave it this way for a few days to a week.  Check on it here and there to see how the creases are doing.  The creases will likely never fully flatten, but the softer the crease, the better the outcome.2.  Grab a spray bottle of something that contains a very slightly soapy liquid.  I used window cleaner, but you might not want to use it if it contains ammonia as ammonia is known to damage after-market window tinting.  You could probably just make your own by adding a drop or two of dishwashing soap to a spray bottle of water.3.  Clean and remove fingerprints, stickers and other gunk from the inside of the window where you'll be installing the shade.  Dry it off using a microfiber towel or other relatively low lint cloth.4.  With the window all the way up, spray the area where you'll be installing the sunshade coating lightly with the solution, try not to spray so much that the solution is running down the window.5.  Gently apply the sunshade, make sure that wherever it makes contact with the window that the area is wet.  Since the window is wet, you should be a able to slide the shade around and into its final position.6.  Use the squeegee and working from the center to the edge, squeeze out the water and wipe up the excess. Try not to apply too much pressure as if it stretch it out, otherwise it will be an irregular shape when finished.  If everything goes well, you should have a near bubble-less installation, with the exception of the creases.If done this way, it should not interfere with the operation of lowering and raising the window.  At least, I didn't have any problems.Lastly, a few things to mention:* These are sunshades so while they do block some of the light, they don't do anything for the heat.* They aren't anything like having a professional tint your windows because the surface of the film isn't as smooth and does cause some minor distortion when looking through them.* If you want to block heat and some privacy, you'd still need to have your windows tinted.