These are wonderful. We've used thirsties hemp and the terry doubler inserts, Charlie banana microfiber inserts, trend lab inserts, jungle roo and awesome blossom inserts. These are hands down the best, and this is why.Trend lab inserts are nice because they are rouched and form up against the baby, keeping their shape when wet, and have fleece to keep the microfiber away from baby's skin. However, they get soaked quickly and are not suitable if your baby is a heavy wetter like mine. We have all three, girls boys and regular versions and its the same story. So we use them on our 4 month old during the day when we can be quick with changes.The thirsties hemp liners are absorbent and very soft, and despite stains are the same quality months later as when we first got them... But they get soaked and bunch up in the diaper.The thirsties terry doubler liners are okay, but bunch up and feel wet. Both thirsties types take forever to dry.Microfiber inserts can't be again baby's skin, and we've never used them alone but as doublers, and they are wonderful for that purpose. We like the small Charlie banana inserts as doublers for both our 4 month old and our 2 year old, who are both heavy overnight wetters.These bamboo charcoal liners are amazing. They absorb more than all the other liners, and never feel wet! We have to actually squeeze them or sniff them to tell if they are wet. We use them alone during the day and on top of a microfiber at night. In the morning the microfiber is drenched, and the bamboo on top feels totally dry. So no danger of rashes from wetness. Also, they do not bunch up when wet, and poop washes right out. The dark color keeps them from staining. And my favorite part, is they don't hold smells and dry really quickly! After several washes they do start to get pilly like all fleece-type fabrics, but they're still soft and super absorbent.We ordered both this size and the 12 pack. They are so worth the money. We use them the most successfully with thirsties shells, but also with jungle roo, awesome blossom,and Charlie banana.(note, we just lay them inside the shells, we don't use the pocket features). We just ordered some of the happy endings charcoal shells (dark grey instead of white interior means no staining!!) so have good feelings about it. I highly recommend these inserts and would recommend them to anyone I know who wants to cloth diaper their babies.