I've waited a few months to write this review, so I could give an accurate take on it.  I did a lot of research before buying a carrier and had it narrowed down to this one and the Beco Gemini.  I wanted the option to face out and these were the two that offered that.  I'm really glad I went with this one, mainly because of all the little features that make it so comfortable.  Everything is padded, including the back/chest strap.  The back/chest strap can also be moved up and down the shoulder straps, so you can easily reach it when it's behind you.  That is a huge plus for me.  All of the leftover hanging straps can be rolled up, so you don't have straps hanging all over the place.  It also washes well (I have the black original).  I also love the extra hood that can be attached to block the sun.  That was especially handy when my son was little and slept so much.  When I first got it, I could go hours wearing it and not feel anything.  Once my son got a little bigger (4 or 5 months), I started noticing more pressure on my shoulders.  Fortunately, I figured out I needed to tighten the waist belt to take some of that weight off.  I think it takes some getting used to, so you can figure out what makes it more comfortable for you and your baby.  It can get hot, but I think most of these buckle carriers are like that.  My main complaint is the lack of a pocket in the front.  That would make it almost perfect.  I keep looking for an attachment to hold my cell phone, keys, etc, but can't find one.  Another negative was when I first got this, the black color would rub off.  But, if it transferred to my clothes it wasn't much and it would come off in the wash.  I emailed the company and received prompt, friendly, and helpful replies, which says a lot in my opinion.  The person I emailed offered to exchange the carrier for another model, which I didn't want to do.  She also suggested washing it with a cup of vinegar to set the color.  I haven't done that, but it's an idea for anyone else having that problem.  I would still (and have) recommend this to anyone looking for a good buckle carrier.  It's comfortable and versatile!