My husband makes fun of me because of my nursing pillow collection. To date, I own one Boppy, one My Brest Friend, two E-Z 2 Nurse Twins (one for each floor of my house) and now two Kushies Nursing Pillows. I will give you my brief evaluation of each pillow in brief summary.Boppy- Not a great nursing pillow. Doesn't stay on and surface is curved, so baby tends to roll. Best relegated to "sitting practice" for your baby.My Brest Friend- Great pillow. Comfortable, mostly flat surface so baby doesn't roll off, nice little raised bump lifts baby's head. This is my "go-to" pillow when nursing a newborn. The pillow clips around you and will stay on as you walk around, making you look like a baseball vendor: "PEANUTS! POPCORN!" (I digress). Once my babies got to be a month or two old, I no longer wanted to fuss with strapping the thing on at every feed. But I still consider it worth it to own this pillow.E-Z 2 Nurse Twins- Who are we kidding with the name of this pillow? Ain't no pillow in the world can make it easy to sustain the life of two little humans, feeding them simultaneously as they struggle to latch in those early, bleary-eyed days. That said, BUY THIS PILLOW if you have twins. You'll need it, you'll use it. You'll want one on each floor of your home. Take out a loan, they're expensive.Kushies- I found a never used Kushies at a garage sale and bought it on a whim. I've used it now on all my kids (all 4!). I like that it is thick and keeps them up high. It is flat, so they don't roll off. It fits anybody. It has a nice handle on the side of it, making it easy to cart around even while you've got the baby in your arms. And the two factors I love more than anything: it is super quick to get it on and in position and it is small and doesn't take up a crazy amount of space.So why do I own two Kushies pillows? Well, I found myself frequently needing to nurse in the car and when an infant is small, it is much easier to nurse with a pillow. The Kushies pillow easily fits between the driver and passenger seats of my car. And when I say car, I mean mini-van. I wanted to try the J. Cole paisley nursing pillow, but after reflection, I knew it would annoy me that I have to flip it over. It's enough you've got to flip the baby over to switch sides. In the middle of the night, do you want to be flipping your baby over AND having to flip the pillow? Annoying, right???P.S. Kushies, I'm talking to you here. The original Kushies pillow had a higher quality, thicker cover. Tsk, tsk.