Final Update:My original review is still below. I have had this stroller for two years now and I still love it. But I cannot recommend anyone buy it now, since it has been discontinued and finding the nesessary accessories from here on out will be impossible. I searched and searched for the bike trailer attachment and finally found it after much wailing and gnashing of teeth. ( If you're still looking, check international websites or another review said Schwinn parts will substitute) I'm not sure why it's been discontinued, in my opinion this stroller is a great idea and well made! The only other issue I have had was the zipper on the UV cover keeps separating. But if you're dead set on having a stroller like this then try another brand (Burley? Joovy?)- Baby Jogger is no longer on board with this idea.Original Review:In our family we use one stroller for getting around and another for recreation and jogging. I've never looked for a "do-it-all" stroller. So when we decided to upgrade our strollers to doubles to prepare for another kid we got the Britax B-Ready Stroller, Black for everyday during the "free ride" event. That decision was a no-brainer but for a double jogger I was stumped. I felt the humming middle-class pull to suck it up and shell out $550 dollars for a BOB Stroller Strides Duallie Fitness Stroller, Red Everyone says it's the best. It must be the best, I must get it. Mommy zombie says rawr. And then one day shimmering across my amazon feed was the Baby Jogger POD.It can be used as a bike trailer, jogger or stroller. Double or single. Hallelujah.I checked out a review on You Tube, and point click that was it.However, I have one or two bones to pick. If I could take off just half a star I would, but I can't. So here are the reasons I took off one star.1.) Price: As it is with a lot of high end strollers it's all about the accessories- the POD is no exception. For the chassis' retail price of $500 (I paid $350 on sale) you don't even have something usable when you take it out of the box! You have to purchase at least one additional item, be it the trailer hitch, stroller or jogging wheels. Let's contemplate the logic of that for a second...confused? That's because it makes no sense. For $500 at least one mode of transportation should come included. I don't care if it's the cheapest one (the trailer hitch) but there should be something. It's unfair to market this as "3-in-1" when really it by itself is zilch. In order to get the 3-in-1 effect for this stroller you would have to spend $680 (full price). Suddenly $550 for the BOB doesn't sound so crazy.2.) Infant factor: It's not recommended you use this trailer with infants so if you're like me and still waiting for the next kid to show up- you might have to wait even longer before you can put them in this stroller. However I did find Burley Baby Snuggler for Burley Child Bicycle Trailers. I'm hoping to use it for an infant until they reach the recommend one year age. So if you want to use the POD for a new baby go ahead and add that to the overall cost. Thank goodness for baby registries. (UPDATE: I did not end up purchasing and adapter, used it as a double with no problems)Finally, with the sale that was running I was able to get the chassis and jogging wheel for $400. So as far as what our family needed this came in under what I anticipated spending. And we have to option to use it as a bike trailer in the future (if we cough up another $40) something we wouldn't have the option to with the BOB. So I'm quite happy. But if you're looking for a do it all double (jogging at the park, shopping around town) I think I would still suggest the BOB. It can be used with infants no problem because of the recline-able seats or you can buy a car seat adapter. There's just no bike trailer option and no option to only use as a single. For our family having a BOB Dualie and a B-Ready  would have been overkill, so I'm very pleased with this purchase.