We ordered 2 of the Britax Roundabout 55 carseats in smokey pearl, one for each of our vehicles.  We have this carseat installed rear-facing in both a 2005 Toyota Camry and a 2005 Chevy Silverado extended cab pickup, and it fits great in both vehicles.  In the Camry, the carseat is installed behind the passenger, and there is lots of leg room for the person riding in the passenger seat - the passenger seat is almost all the way back.  Our previous carseat was a Graco Snugride, and the Roundabout 55 takes up MUCH less of the passenger's leg room.  In the pickup, we have the carseat installed in the rear center seat.  We initially installed it behind the passenger, but rear-facing, this seat was not a good fit - the passenger seat had to be almost all the way forward.  However, there is plenty of room for the seat to rear-face in the middle and the seat does not affect the position of the driver or passenger seats at all.We have been using this carseat for about a week, and so far so good.  The seat installed easily using the LATCH system, we have not tried a seatbelt install with this seat yet.  The quality of this seat is obvious, especially when compared with our previous seat.  The cloth cover is a soft, plush fabric, and the colors are true to what is shown in the picture.  The dots on the cream background are a grayish-brown color and beige, and the edging is a medium-brown color.  The seat is well padded, and our daughter seems comfortable and happy in it.  The velco tabs for holding the harness straps back when not in use are a nice touch.  The buckle on the 5-point harness is not any more or less difficult to latch and unlatch than the Graco seat.  The harness is much easier to adjust on this seat compared to our previous seat, except (as another reviewer mentioned) that the adjuster strap does get trapped between the carseat and the seat back when rear-facing.  However, that is not a big deal to us, since we don't often adjust the harness straps anyway.One of the reasons we chose this seat is because it can potentially rear-face to 40 pounds.  However, I am almost certain that our daughter will outgrow this seat rear-facing on height well before she reaches 40 pounds.  Same thing for forward facing.  Right now, our 9 month old is 20.5 pounds and 28.5 inches and the shoulder straps are threaded thru the 2nd set of holes, and is not far from moving up to the 3rd set of holes.  However, if we can keep her rear-facing in this seat until she is 2-2.5 years old, and forward facing until she is 4 or so, I will be satisfied.