This product is AWESOME.  I saw it for the first time at someone else's house.  Had to buy one of myself.  Its one of the top 5 items I didn't know about but have made life with a young child SO much easier!  The seat itself is very sturdy.  It sits well on a wide variety of chairs (different restaurants etc) and I like how it secured with two buckles (one around the back, one around the bottom) feels VERY securely attached to the chair when you're done.  My kiddo loves it as well.  It doesn't have "baby highchair" written all over it so that's a bonus (she loves sitting in a "big chair" like everyone else)Every time I use it out in public at LEAST one person comments on it.  Every single time.  It comes with a little sack/draw string top to carry it in.  I found it had enough room for me to store a bib and baby fork in there (sometimes a few crayons, small toy etc) Having a nice bag to store it in is a huge plus.  So helpful how small it is when in the bag.  I often kept ours in the car for last minute stops to eat.I'm not too excited about the extra layer that's supposed to be for "easy cleaning" I find it just slips around more and the food gets under it anyhow.  Great idea but doesn't work (for us anyway).  I'd love to see it come off the frame (easily!) to be thrown in the washer etc.The mesh net pockets on the side don't seem to be holding up as well as the rest of the seat but since it functions just fine without that even being there - I don't consider that a huge deal.  It looked like it was attached well - but hasn't been able to withstand a toddler stuffing all sorts of stuff in there/taking it out and repeating.....Been using mine for over a year.  Still in great shape (although a little "dirty" from food - could probably be cleaned but I am not bothered by it enough!) Straps adjust well for a wide variety of chair sizes.  Its very lightweight when you pick it up however it feels VERY sturdy when set up.It even has been used on the floor as a chair "just for you" when at a large gathering etc and she keeping taking the "big" chairs from the adults. It looks enough like the adult chairs that she very happily accepts the substitute and the adults can sit in THEIR chairs (without tears...)Love it so much I've bough a couple more. One for Grandparents house and two for gift giving.  Love this product and would buy another if the need arose.