My son recently hit 2 and we have another on the way so I set off in hopes of finding a diaper bag that would accommodate 2 kids.  We decided to look for a backpack style diaper bag so our hands would free to wrangle the 2 year old.  I'm surprised by the lack of selection of diaper backpacks.  In my research it came down to this one, an Okatots bag that folds open like a cabinet and a Ju ju be backpack.  I could never get my hands on any of them in advance and just had to go off of pictures online. I didn't think my husband would ever agree to carry the Okatots or Ju Ju be bags so we went with this one.Other reviewers have called into question the durability of the bag materials. I'l agree with them to an extent.  This bag does not have the quality fabric or zippers that you'd find on a Jansport, North Face or Kelty backpack.  I'd say it's made of the same materials as you'd find on a $40 backpack.  I don't expect the bag to last 10 years, but it should easily last a few years as long as you're not hauling around 30 lbs of stuff in it constantly.The back and straps are lightly padded and comfortable.  The mesh pockets on the side easily hold a water bottle or sippy cup, but the size zip bottle pockets slide down behind the mesh side pockets.  If you had a bottle loaded in that side pocket it would push out toward the mesh pocket and make the side pocket hard to use.  The diaper wipes dispenser on the front is really convenient to get in and out of.  The bag has 3 main pockets and then the diaper canopy on top.  We use the front pocket for Mom & Dad's stuff.  It has 2 tall mesh pockets in it.  The second pocket again has the 2 tall mesh pockets, but then it has an additional inch of space in that pocket so you can fit lots in there.  We pack in plenty of snacks of the day and just slide the juice boxes into the size zip pockets.  The main compartment is plenty spacious, the size zipper pockets do take up space on the side if they're filled and the diaper canopy comes down into this main compartment.  That said, there is still plenty of room.  We keep a packing cube with a full spare outfit for my son, his hoodie, his favorite stuffed animal, and can still stuff his winter coat (3T), hat and mittens in here.  The diaper canopy on top is a nice touch for keeping diapers close at hand, we just throw our diaper cream right in there along with the diapers to keep it accessible.Overall, I'm happy with the bag and I think it's the best of the limited selection of diaper backpacks available.**Update 2/19/13 After 1 month's use**This bag has gone almost everywhere with us over the last month and I LOVE IT!!  It's comfortable to wear, holds a ton of stuff and is very easy to get in and out of.  I wish I'd bought it 2 years ago.  It feels light even when it's loaded down with a day's worth of supplies.  The front dispensing wipes are so convenient to grab for a quick clean up of dirty hands or a runny nose.  I'm not as concerned about the quality of the bag as I was a month ago, it's holding up very well and I can't find any weak spots.My only complaint on the bag is the lack of a separate pocket for the diaper changing pad.  You can either put the pad in the 2nd pocket from the front which has a good extra inch of space in front of the mesh pockets, but that's where we store snacks so I'm not sticking it in there.  We keep ours in the main compartment with the spare clothes and bigger items.All in all, I'm incredibly happy with this bag and I'm moving it from 4 stars to 5 stars.