This stroller is amazing.  I was sick and tired of my bulky Instep Safari double jogger and  Graco Quatrro Duo.  I bought a DreamOnMe double umbrella stroller which was a waste of money, didn't steer and felt like I was pushing every pound of my 50-lb combined weight of children.  I thought of getting a Joovy Ultralight Caboose but didn't think my 2.5 year old was ready for this especially with an upcoming Disney trip.  I wanted an all-terrain, lightweight, reclining stroller that was easy to steer and push, good to take on walks, not too big for the mall, that had extra-large canopies to shade them from the sun and a large basket underneath.  At 26 lbs (actually lighter because I did not attach the body bars) this fit the bill perfectly.  While it isn't the most compact fold (29.5 x 30-something x 18 inches high folded), it does fit in my Honda CRV with room to spare for groceries or other things.  Folding takes a bit to get used to but it becomes more natural with time.  I attached a Fisher-price cup/snack holder which is perfect for my drink/phone to sit in, and will be attaching stroller hooks to hang things on.  The storage basket underneath is absolutely huge.  The canopies are amazing and zip open to extend even more.  I debated getting the Valco Snap dual but wanted separate sun canopies for my boys and wanted a more all-terrain stroller.  I feel like I could jog with this stroller.  The rear suspension drives like a dream.  I can push my 20 lb and 30 lb sons up a hill one-handed and it feels like I'm pushing nothing.  (I am 5'3 and weigh 119 and am really not in good shape right now).  I thought about getting the CityMini double but the 2011 model doesn't lock and the dimensions were a bit larger, and the 2012 CItyMini was too much above my budget.  Customer service is excellent and prompt.  I emailed them about a travel bag and they responded within a few hours (and recommended the Valco Baby Twin Tri-Mode Travel Bag).  In short, this stroller is awesome.Another plus is that we are planning on having more children, and you can purchase a joey seat (third middle seat that comes up above the other two), or a carrier attachment (fits Graco and others), or a hitchhiker that an older child can stand on in the back.