Eight years ago, we had our first child, and that began the quest to find a decent baby monitor.  Then we lived in a small home (1200 sq ft) and only used it for naps and for the hours between his bedtime and ours because his bedroom was right next to ours.Even with this modest need we had multiple problems with each one we tried.  Only one of these monitors is still available for sale, the Sony Babycall.  That monitor couldn't pick up our sons room 20 feet away, but beeped at us, shouted static and picked up neighborhood cordless phone calls better than our son's room.  It was dramatically affected by weather.  At that time we also tried a first years and a graco monitor, both of which had similar issues.  The random beeping when signal was lost especially drove me nuts.Then we moved to a larger two story house (2000 sq ft).  We added a cordless phone system and wi-fi.  The Graco monitor, a two parent rechargeable type, was now needed at night and often woke us, beeping because it had lost connection with the base unit.  Many times I scoured the Internet looking for a solution, learning about frequencies different devices use, even tried buying a new model, another Graco monitor, very expensive, that would just lose connection and we would have dead air, no beeps and never re-establish connection.  That happened twice and it went back to the store.Before buying this one, I called motorola to find out what frequency it used.  The techncian told me it was 2.4 to 2.46 or something of that nature.  I don't believe this is DECT like another reviewer stated, and it isn't what my box said when it arrived.  I was worried, because 2.4 ghz is the level my wi-fi operates at on my N router.  However, my fears were unfounded.  The box said it was wi-fi friendly and they were right.This monitor is incredibly reliable where so many others have failed.  I have used it for about a month now.  Never lost contact, never beeped.  Just reliable service every time we turn it on.  We are so relieved to finally have found one that will not drive us crazy and will work as promised!We don't need a video monitor, temperature monitoring or humidity monitoring (?!).  We just need to know if our child is awake, asleep, or needs us.  I think that is all parents really need.  But the market is saturated with all this other junk, meanwhile the technology hasn't evolved to make sure that they actually WORK.  Thank you, Motorola, for bridging that gap!We love that it has a rechargeable battery, with a very long life.  Its nice looking too.  The only way they could improve it would be to make it a 2 parent receiver set.  Even providing 2 charging cables would be nice, so there could be one upstairs and one downstairs.If you have wi-fi interfering with your reception, or analog monitors have let you down, this is the one to try,  It should work for most people since we have most of the technology that causes interference and it works for us.