I ordered both bibs due to the rave reviews on Mums2Mums Wonder Bib (WB) and Silly Billyz Towel Bib (SBz) versions, but couldn’t find any comparisons of the two – so I ordered both and here’s my take on the winner.SBz automatically won points when I opened the package – the neck stretches, the logo tag is less tacky looking and the material just felt and looked better.SBz backing on the bib was softer and less noisy too - the backing is 5% Nylon and 95% polyester. Compared to the WB’s 100% Nylon back. Both, if drooled on enough, soak through eventually and both claim to be water resistant backed. They work about the same in absorption – I used 2 bibs of each brand per day to keep my baby dry.SBz tag is more discreet and is not all the way sewn down to the bib. This can easily be cut off if you prefer a logo free item. It’s gray/white in color and simply says “Silly Billyz”.WB’s tag on the other hand is definitely large, and tackier looking – it‘s black in color, with a pink and blue footprints and below that is the wording “Wonder Bib ™”…and I’m “wondering” what else could ever fit on this giant tag... A: Nothing. The tag is sewn on all the way so removal is impossible unless you damage the bib.SBz length is 7.5 inches from the neck and The WB is 8.5 inches from the neck. I prefer the length of the SBz bib – it hit my 5 mo old midsection around the belly button and is not overwhelming to the outfit he’s wearing. WB looked like a tarp.SBz again wins for neck design – the neck stretches so comfortably around the baby so no drool is lost. Mumz2Mumz WB neck is Nylon lined and doesn’t do anything for absorption and is scratchy compared to the soft towel stretch on SBz.The snaps on both bibs are plastic – but SBz is a larger snap and easier on the thumb to connect and feels more of a quality plastic. Both don’t come unsnapped if tugged when the baby is wearing it.SBz packaging is also thought out better. A plastic tag connects the washing instructions on the back of the bib to the cardstock, to help you remember to remove this before wearing.I have a “No neck chubster” of a baby and both bibs fit well. He’s such a chunky 5 month old he’s in the 99th percentile for weight. There will be no issues with either bib fitting in the future – both have 2 snaps to adjust length.All in all I will be returning the Wonder Bib. Silly Billyz has thought of everything, and most trusted in daycares for a reason. Silly Billyz is more expensive though, but I think it’s worth it in the long run for a slightly better quality and higher functionality. SBz is my dream bib (that exists) out of all I’ve tried for absorption.I do wish a brand would come up with a microfiber or dri fit material used in athletic clothing, to help drool dry faster and a backing that was truly seep through – but not the consistency of plastic.  A mom can dream though, right? ☺