UPDATE: After a year and a half of use, we still love this seat! My daughter is a tall 2.5 year old, and still fits very comfortably in it rear facing. She is completely content and comfortable, and loves her seat. She sleeps great in it, which is huge for me since I hear of so many people whose kids won't sleep in their car seats because they are too uncomfortable. I really can't say enough good things about it, and would buy it again in a heartbeat!!Original Post: After MUCH deliberation (and 10+hrs of research), I decided to go with this car seat over a Britax for my 12 month old. The main selling point for me was the comfort. Overall, I am pleased with my decision. Here's why:Pro's:SUPER comfortable for my baby. I wish I had one of these to ride in! It is so cushy, and she sleeps great in it. It also reclines enough to be comfortable for her to sleep in (which I know is a big problem with other seats).Even in the rear-facing, most reclined position it takes up LESS room front to back than our Graco snug-ride infant car seat did. I was amazed, because it looks so bulky, but we were actually able to push the front passenger seat back a little! With a small car, this is a huge plus.It has awesome safety ratings, is tested rigorously, is very sturdy, and I feel reassured that she is very safe in her seat.Because of the way it is designed, she can ride rear facing for a long time, which is SO much safer for little ones. She is very tall, but I will still keep her rear facing past age 2.The cup holder! Although it is a minor detail, it makes a HUGE difference. On a Britax you have to buy the cup holder separately, and it has very mixed reviews.Other features, such as a storage pouch in the seat for the instruction manual, and a storage place for every belt and anchor when it is not in use, are big bonuses. This seat was very well thought out and effectively designed.Con's:Since it is a fairly new product, the instruction manual has lots of typos and errors. It is a pretty user friendly, easy to follow manual, but it has some big mistakes in it and confusing parts that actually caused us MAJOR headache. The seat sat in our living room for 3 days because we couldn't figure out how to get the LATCH belt out of the forward facing position and into the rear facing position. After my husband and I both spending hours trying to figure it out, spending over an hour on the phone with a representative who had NO idea what she was talking about (and was actually giving me incorrect instructions), writing a frustrated email, and sending them pictures of the problem, we finally got it resolved. It ended up being a very simple fix, and in the end we had a very kind, helpful costumer service rep go above and beyond to make sure we had it fixed. So, despite the frustrations, I ended up being VERY happy with the company and their service. I have now moved the belt back and forth multiple times, and it is very simple.It is a little tricky to install. There were a few minutes when I thought I would have to return the seat because I couldn't get it tight enough. However, after making sure it was at the proper recline position, and tightening the LATCH belt as much as I could, I am happy with the results. It just takes a little practice to get it right.It is really bulky side to side, and quite tall. This can be a good thing because my daughter sits so high she can see out the window, but it makes it difficult to get her in the car, into the seat, and buckled up. There is hardly any room between the sides of the seat, the door, and the ceiling. We have to kind of twist her and squeeze her in, and half the time my husband bonks her head on the door because it is so tight. It is also hard to get used to buckling quickly when you can't fit both of your arms in very well. At first it was very difficult and frustrating, but once you get used to it it's not too bad. It really did take us about a month to get used to putting her in the seat and buckled up, but now that we've had practice we are much faster at it.Biggest CON: Since the seat cover is so thick and cushy, it is very hard to clean. The instructions say to hand wash it and line dry, but I have to admit I don't think I will ever do that again. My daughter threw up all over it (so spot cleaning wasn't an option), and I spent over an hour trying to wash it. My hands ached afterwards from all the ringing since the material is so absorbent. It took over a day to completely dry. I have since (after another throw up incident) put the cover in my machine on a delicate cycle, then line dried, and I had excellent results. I know it isn't recommended, but I'm just going to cross my fingers that it is ok. It's SO MUCH EASIER.Overall, the pro's outweigh the con's in our book, and we have ended up being very happy with the seat! Good luck in your search, hope this helps!