My family and I are moving cross country soon, and I'll be flying alone with my almost 17 month old. 2 flights and one layover got me thinking about the best way to let him get down in the airport while keeping him close. I compared two bags, this one and BricaBy-My-Side Safety Harness Backpack, Green/Blue. Though I ordered that other one initially, I ended up ordering this one also and sending the other one back. Here is my review of them side by side:Skip Hop Bag:pros:-good size. This one is bigger than the Brica, and therefore will be able to be used for more years.-cute, bright design(s).-the tether attaches to the outer edge of the bag rather than in closer to the body.-stiff fabric allows the bag to hold its shape and support itself while sitting.-the tether and ring it clips onto are both made from metal, so you don't have to worry about plastic breaking-you adjust the length of the shoulder straps from the bottom, so no neck irritation-shoulder straps are paddedcons:-stiff fabric doesn't allow the bag to be rolled and stored if needed.-small pouch on the side only holds a short, skinny sippy cup easily. Would be better to hold something small like a fruit snack, binky, etc.-tether is short, and many suggest replacing it with an actual dog leash for more length. I will consider this idea myself.Brica-Pros:-soft fabric allows this to be rolled down when not in use if needed-perfectly sized for my 30" tall almost 17 month old.-the pouch on the back is large enough to hold a sippy cup of any size-the tether is a good length (though the area that expands is really insignificant so I don't factor that into the overall length when comparing this tether to the Skip Hop bag).Cons:-soft fabric doesn't really allow it to sit on its own or support itself, so it falls over. This could be problematic if you have a leaky sippy cup.-the clip attaches closer to the body, rather than the outer edge of the bag.-tether clip is made from plastic.-the bag is small, and I think it could be too small for any child over two-ish.-shoulder straps are not padded, and instead are just nylon straps.-the straps don't expand much, and I had the shoulders loosened almost all the way to get a good fit on my short son.-***My biggest issue with this bag is where the shoulder adjuster buckles are located. Instead of being at the bottom of the straps like most back packs, these are instead located at the top. Due to their placement, they rub my son's neck until it turns red. I've tried loosening and tightening the straps, but it changes nothing because of where they sit. This was the deciding factor in me wanting to send this bag back.Ultimately, I feel like the sizing of the Skip Hop bag will allow this to be used for a longer period of time, using the tether (or leash if I replace it with a longer one) when necessary and later as a backpack. While both are good quality bags, I would definitely recommend this bag by Skip Hop over the other bag.