After months of obsessive research, I had to resign myself to the often stated fact: there is no perfect stroller.  Once I swallowed that bitter pill, I returned to one of my early front-runners, the Bumbleride Flyer.  Overall, I am glad I did, but there is still room for improvement.My top criteria for a stroller were as follows:1.  Lightweight - I can't even do one real push-up, so there is no way I was going to be lugging 25+ awkward pounds in and out of my car.2.  All-Terrain - We go on long walks all over, so the ability to maneuver easily over any terrain is  plus3.  Closed, Adjustable Handle - I had a split handle on my first stroller and HATED it.  The ability to maneuver with one hand is a must and split handles just don't do that very well.  It also gives you no alternate positions so my hands/wrists would get tired quickly.  My husband is also over 6' tall, so we need the ability to adjust the height or else one of us is miserable.4.  Reversible Seat - I wanted the ability to face my baby5.  Huge Canopy - I live in Southern California, so substantial sun protection is a must all year round6.  Storage - why stroller companies continue to make strollers without adequate storage is beyond me.  I want to be able to fit a few key items in my stroller, so I'm not lugging around a diaper bag that is bigger than me.7.  Easy, Compact Fold - I don't want to go through 7 steps just to close my stroller.  I also don't want my entire trunk space taken up.  Some of the strollers I looked at were almost the same size even after being folded!8.  Looks - yes, even though function is key, no one wants a stroller that they can't show off a little.  I also can't stand dorky patterns all over (Graco), but didn't want to go with the plain black.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -So, after using my Bumbleride Flyer for 2.5 months, here is how it measures up to my wish list:1.  It is definitely on the lighter end (if not the lightest) of full-size strollers.  While the lightness of this stroller has aided me in getting the stroller in and out of my car (SUV), it is pretty much overshadowed by #7 below.2.  This stroller is NOT all-terrain, nor does it advertise itself as such.  I let go of this criteria in favor of the lightness and other functionality.  7" wheels make it easier to maneuver than other lightweight strollers, but it is not as easy to maneuver as I expected for a stroller in this price range3.  Handle is great.  It adjusts to three different heights (although one is so low, my 6 year old son doesn't even use it).  The foot clearance is phenomenal... neither my husband nor I have ever kicked our feet on the wheel bar.  The foam is thick and very cushion-y.4.  The best reversible seat out there.  I was looking primarily at the modular strollers that require you to take the child out of the seat in order to reverse it.  That didn't seem to be very practical.  With this stroller, your sleeping baby is never disturbed if you need to change the seat direction.  The wheels lock and unlock easily to allow this to happen and I do not notice a difference in maneuverability in either direction.  This is the reason to buy this stroller over other similar models.5.  A great canopy!  Huge and sturdy.  It can also detach from the back of the stroller to provide more range and airflow6.  It has a nice size basket that I have been able to fit all my essentials in and is easily accessible (no bars going through or blocking it)7.  This has been my only real disappointment with this stroller.  Not only does it require two hands, but the wheels have to be in a certain position to fold it all the way.  The earlier models had an auto-lock feature, but the 2012 in Aqua does not.  This means I have a rather large, awkwardly shaped item that is constantly trying to unfold as I put it in my car.8.  The stroller is gorgeous!  It doesn't have the clean look of the modular strollers, but it is more functional than most of them and the color is amazing!Overall, this stroller is solidly built, lovely to look at, and very functional.  I wish it folded more compactly, but I am very pleased with everything else about it.