I think that Britax delivers just what is promises with this seat-- a seat that is both easy to use and provides as much security as it can for your precious cargo. When my (big) 4-month-old daughter started seeming like she was ready to bust out of the britax companion (infant carrier seat) I knew that it was time for us to move her up to a convertible seat. After having been so satisfied with the britax companion and hearing that britax convertibles were the safest out there, we decided that we were going to shell out the money.  It was a tough decision to choose between the marathon, boulevard, and decathlon.  Ultimately, it came down to the increased protection of the side-impact "wings" that made us go with the boulevard. Plus, our daughter had always been a good sleeper in the infant carrier and because of the side-impact headrest, we never found her slumped over to the side.We are thrilled with the seat! As she got to be a little too big for the infant carrier, she had gotten in the habit of crying while in the car if she was awake. Now, she travels happily awake and asleep! She definitely makes good use of the "wings" as a headrest during her naps, but she'll also just sit back there and jabber away during her rides if she's not sleepy. I love how easy it is to clip her in.  The seat is incredibly easy to adjust and get to fit her just right. And I can't omit the fact that she looks really adorable back there in her "big girl seat" in this cute print-- the online pictures don't do it justice.I have to say that people shouldn't buy this seat because they think it will be a breeze to install.  Good carseat installations take time and attention!!! Although it is "easy" to get a good installation, I still work up a sweat making sure that this seat is as secure as possible. I would hate to think that someone might shell out this much money and then do a half-hearted job of installing it securely so that the seat can't function as well as it should in the event of a collision. A seat is only as good as the installation and I encourage people to do a thorough job of installing it, or-- better yet-- get a certified carseat tech to do it for you! (Your local firestation should have details.)PROS: safety, easy to get my child in and adjust the straps to fit, durable and attractive fabricCONS: expensive (although I have to say worth every penny if it protects my baby!) installation takes time and effort (but again, this is how it should be)