I was set to get the Sleigh Crib from PBK. But then when we moved into our new house, I realized that crib would be way to large for the baby's room. It would not fit a changing table, the crib and a rocker/glider. Therefore, I needed to somehow compromise. I started researching again and by accident came across this crib. I fell in love w/ it as soon as I saw it, but I was skeptical about buying it, because so many reviews said they had received damaged products. I wished I could go into a store and see it first. That was not possible, so I still went ahead and bought the crib (emotional/impulse buying I guess). The crib arrived after 4-5 days of ordering it and the box was a little damaged on the outside. I panicked thinking that it was going to be damaged inside as well. I am 8 months pregnant and this box is huge when it comes...and very heavy....I did not touch it myself, I had the carrier leave it at my door and when my husband came home, he moved it inside the house.Two weeks later, my husband found the time to actually put the crib together. He assembled it within 1 hour by himself. I was taking pictures for the baby book while he was doing that. As he was putting it together we were both so impressed with the quality of the paint...Just gorgeous...I have to say that it is a bit larger than I had anticipated and way, way more beautiful than I had imagined. I would buy this again in a heartbeat. As my husband was saying when putting it together: "we don't need to leave it inheritance to our grandchildren; it just needs to serve a purpose for the next 2 years". We are so pleased w/ how it looks in our baby's room...Please, don't get discouraged by the reviews about damaged boxes. We bought both the crib and changing table and none were damaged and they were so well packed inside...When you put them together, they look amazing! We painted the baby's room light blue and we're planning on getting a white/light blue rocker to go with the room.To give you an idea of the quality of things I bought for our son: the Stokee Stroller, Britax car seat and many other quality brands. I don't just buy for the looks of things. But fortunately for us, this crib set seems to be a mixture of both quality, looks and convenience. I will have to take pics and upload them when I am done with the room.UPDATE as of 05/22/11We've had this crib for 11 months (our baby is now 10 months old). We still love it and it is in perfect shape. Nothing was scratched, nothing was damaged in any way. The paint is intact and it looks like we bought it yesterday. Our baby is very big ( at 10 months wears clothes for 18 months olds) and due to his length, we have decided to buy him a toddler bed in a couple of months (maybe when he's 16 months). The crib seems to be a tad narrower and shorter than regular cribs. So if you know you have tall people in your family, keep that in mind. Luckily for us, we have decided to start trying for baby #2 soon, so this crib, the dresser and the changing table that go with it will all remain into place for baby no #2 and we will move baby #1 in another room where we will purchase new toddler furniture. I would say that this set has served its purpose and now I am very glad I did not splurge on the Sleigh crib by Pottery Barn or the Oeuf. I cannot imagine what else parents need from this crib than to be sturdy and look beautiful. It has served its purpose well and we could not be more happy with this purchase.