These kick mats work awesome! The main reason I got them was to protect the back of the front seats from the kids kicking them and causing damage. I previously had a 2007 Honda Civic, their kicking caused the back fabric to come undone. With the recently purchased 2011 Honda Odyssey, I promptly ordered these and installed them to protect the seats. I did read the reviews first, two main complains are that the bottom elastic strap is not big enough to go around the seats, and the netting pockets are not strong enough to hold much and will fall apart after getting fatigue from kid use. I kept both of these faults in mind when I installed the kick mats.The lower elastic strap is tight, but if you go very slowly, it will slide over an Odyssey seat and fit quite snugly at that.I looked at the net pockets, for what they are, they are quite useful. Because I have young kids (2-5 years old) in the car, I decided to turn my kick mats inside out and install them with the net pockets (and logo) to the inside of the back of the seats. The result is a perfect black kick mat without any netting for the kids to grab and pull on. My wife wanted to keep the net pockets out to use them for storage, so I installed one the right way for a couple weeks so she could observe that we would be better served turning them both inside out. The kids will grab at the netting, pull, use it to try to pull themselves up, etc... If the kids were older (6+), I would install them the right way and use the pockets to hold paper and other very light items. Remember this is a thin vinyl mat that has only one connection point at the headrests, you cannot put anything of weight into these pockets and expect them to hold. A few sheets of paper and a couple crayons for the kids to draw with on long trips is perfect for these pockets. I would not put a bottle of water or a package of wet ones in the pockets as the 2nd photo shows unless the bottle and the wet ones container were empty. Installing them inside out also solves the issue with the pockets coming apart due to wear.For the primary goal of the kick mats, it gets 5 stars. Just remember, the net pockets are bonus, if you don't want them, turn the mat inside out before you install. Take your time installing the elastic strap, if it is tight, go slowly!