I comparison-shopped tons of cart covers and hesitated before splurging on the Buggy Bagg Elite Shopping Cart Cover.  I quickly realized that that ease of use was just as important as effectiveness.  (Who wants a cover they have to struggle with?  I knew I would abandon using anything that was a hassle or didn’t work universally on all carts.) So I dithered about the price.  And I wavered because I didn’t particularly love the prints available from Buggy Bagg.  But in the end I decided to just go for it… the glowing reviews deserved credence!  I'm not a bit sorry - this cart cover is amazing and so thoughtfully designed.  Its practicality, ease of use, comfort, and adaptability to any cart size trumps concerns about price or any of my minor aesthetic preferences.My first trip out with the Buggy Bagg was to Costco on a busy weekend.  With one arm holding an 8 month old, I was easily able to set it up in the over-sized cart.  Within a few moments we were coasting into the store.  The baby was ensconced in padded comfiness and the attached pillow was the perfect support behind his back so that he fit into the cart snugly and felt secure.  I was able to shop peaceably and the baby was able to play agreeably with some toys tethered to the cart cover.  Upon leaving the store, I unbuckled the baby and got him in his car seat in a jiffy.  The cart cover easily flopped into itself (with attached toys and pillow inside) and was ready to be zipped-up.Since then, this cart cover has eliminated my anxiety about shopping with the baby.  I know I can maneuver him easily by myself, that he will be comfortable and entertained while I'm shopping, that the cover is keeping him from touching grimy carts, that the cover is easily folded up, and that the whole thing is machine-washable.  I don't mind paying extra for such a well-designed and useful product.PROS* Dark solid exterior hides grime* Soft but sturdy fabric* Stitched well with binding on all edges including the handy interior pockets* Attached pillow can be used behind or in front of baby* Ease of use (unfolds and folds up quite easily into itself and is its own bag)* Exterior zipper is heavy-duty and easy to use* Baby is buckled in with the Buggy Bagg belt, not the cart's belt* All touchable surfaces of the cart are covered* Padding everywhere for baby, including the post wrap-around between the legs, but not so fluffy that the thing becomes an amorphous blob* Light-weight* Can store tethered toys inside* Can store notepad, coupons, and/or wipes in the cart pocket that flops over the back of the baby's seatCONS* Seems to be the most expensive baby cart cover on the market* Limited fabric prints* Size when folded up is not super small - you will not be able to tuck this into your purse or diaper bag* Would not use in a high chair – I bought a separate, smaller cover designed specifically for restaurant high chairs that fits easily into a diaper bag (BRICA Deluxe High Chair Cover )