My husband put this swing together in about half an hour. It required a Phillips head screwdriver. He said it was "no problem" to put together. The pieces went together intuitively and the instructions were easy to follow.We currently have a Graco Glider Petite, which is a more compact version of this swing. The one big issue I have with it is the horrible quality of the speaker. I was more than a little nervous when we fired this one up and I heard the familiar tune. Happily, this swing speaker is MUCH better. Not only is the speaker decent, but while some swings have a high/low option only for volume, this swing has a completely adjustable volume.As with the Petite, the seat is very plush and deep, so I feel like the baby is very secure in the swing, even without the easy-to-use five point harness system. The weight recommendations for this swing is between 5.5 lbs and 30 lbs. My daughter is 7 months and almost 18 lbs and fits comfortably in the swing. I wish the manual included a suggested length maximum, but only says to discontinue use when infants "attempts to climb out or reaches 30 pounds."This full sized swing rocks with a left to right motion. The seat is set up in a locked position. (I only mention this because some swings of this type have swiveling seats.) The entire seat removes from the swing and doubles as a bouncer. I love this feature. When you have a child, you will find that your living room, your entire house, becomes swamped with baby things. You will be amazed at how much stuff you "need" for a child. Having a bouncer that sits in the swing means you have one less thing to trip over on the floor. My daughter enjoys being in the swing and has no trouble falling asleep while swinging.Unlike many infant swings, this one has both a battery and wall outlet option. This is really nice as you will find that once you become a parent, you will buy more batteries then you ever thought any household would need. The swing itself can plug into the wall, however the bouncer only works on batteries.Overall, I'm thrilled with this swing, as is my daughter.