I like these products, a lot.Let's start with the reason why we chose Kiinde over all the other alternatives on the market."Twist lock" As far as I know, Kiinde storage bags are the only bags with twist on caps. I personally feel these caps are better than any "zip lock" type locking bags. My girlfriend will pump at work, and be carrying milk bags from home to work. These caps are more secure than the competitors. The alternative is Medela bottles, screw on caps, smaller but.....can not be used in the freezer. So again, we have to transfer the milk into bags? why do that when the Kiinde system allows you to direct pump, just like Medela bottles.Which brings us to the direct pump. We use A Medela pump and Dr.Brown bottles. My g/f pumps directly into Dr.Brown bottles so I can night feed. This reduces contamination and saves us time by not having to wash more containers. Same concept here, pump directly into bags and straight into the freezer. Again the twist lock plays a part here. I'm sure you've seen Ameda/Medela bag adapters. Definitely prefer the screw in attachment over the alternatives.Kiinde also allows you to attach your own brand of nipples to the bags for direct feed. Again, no transferring, less things to wash, less chance of contamination. The only down side for us is we prefer Dr.Brown bottles, kinda useless to use the nipples without the anti-colic features in the bottle. On a side note, Since Dr.Brown bottles are compatible with Medela personalfit connectors, you end up with 2 pairs of adapters. The Medela to Kiinde bag, and Kiinde bag to Dr.Brown nipples. Both will attach to Medela personalfit connectors.I have not used the bottles yet, and probably won't anytime soon.So why not 5 stars, well, let's get to the slightly not positive experience.The bottle warmer. It works, 99% of the time. We've been using it for a month now, few times a day. There has been 3 times, where after setting the timer, the timer does not count down. So basically the warmer is in constant on mode. When I came back from changing the diaper, the bottle was very warm and the timer didn't move at all. And the warmer takes a long time to even warm up a 4 oz bottle containing 2 oz of milk. Longer than the chart indicates. So start the warmer before changing the diaper so you don't end up standing there with a changed yet still crying/hungry baby.The last bit is about the freezer shelf. It doesn't really hold that any bags, but no less than any other competitor. I find it only necessary to use the shelf for the initial freezing of bags. I suspect you want the bags horizontal so they freeze kind of evenly, vs a large bulged bottom if you stored it vertically. Once the bags are frozen, go ahead and move them to another container like a freezer tray to make room for new bags.if you're on the fence? Buy this! You won't regret it. Just think about all the times you've used zip lock bags, and how crappy that seal is. You'll like the twist lock and direct pump.edit #2:(7/15/2016) recently discovered that Tommee Tippee also makes a screw cap milk storage bag. The bottle warmer timer froze on me a few more times since the last update. One of the incidence, the timer actually worked and froze on 1 min remaining. Very,very annoying.edit: so it's been awhile now and we are still have with the warmer. However, we pretty much stopped using the freezer rack. We recently moved up to the larger 8oz milk storage bags. I still love these bags, screw caps. The new, larger bags however are very difficult to put into the freezer rack. It just doesn't fit. You can squeeze it in but once it's frozen, it's really hard to take out. At first, we just moved it after freezing it on the top shelf, then we stopped using it because it took up too much spacer.