We have been cloth diapering and were just getting into solid foods enough that diaper liners seemed like they might help.  We have now been using them in every diaper for about a month.  I now wish I had started sooner - these do an excellent job of catching and sticking to poop, but otherwise being unobtrusive.The material these are made of could be described as "dryer sheet like" (minus the waxy fabric softener of course, just the sheet itself).A single roll of these (they were sold as 2 in a pack) will have lasted us about a month and a half, having been used in basically every single diaper our 11 month old "creates", with some washing & re-use of liners (see below).Regarding flushability: these don't disintegrate in water the way toilet paper does (as well they shouldn't, seeing as the baby pees "through" them). However, because of this fact, they -- as well as almost all other "flushable" items (wipes etc.) -- are not really "flushable" in any real sense, at least in my book.  I think of such things as being "flushable" in the same way that golf balls are "flushable": technically they do go down, and then it's out of sight, out of mind... unless/until you get a clog.  If anyone can find a plumber who says otherwise, I'd be interested to hear.That said, I don't hold the whole "flushable" non-flushable thing against this product.  It's a current marketing trend and these liners are no better or worse than anything else currently labeled as "flushable" that is also non-disintegrating.  Someday we'll look back at these products and laugh.Instead of crossing my fingers and flushing, my routine is instead to put on one of these gloves:Clean Ones Disposable HDPE Poly Gloves - 500ct One Size at the start of the diaper change and use it to scoop up the liner and as much poop as possible into the gloved hand.  Then I turn the glove inside out as I take it off, similar to the way one might pick up doggy poop with a bag over their hand.  (This bag happens to be hand-shaped.)  The glove-bag-o-poop then goes into the disposable diaper pail.  Because 90% of the poop is now gone, the rest of the diaper change proceeds the same way it would have for a wet diaper.Part of the reason we like cloth diapering is the reduction in landfill waste.  My wife has asked the reasonable question of whether this practice makes any sense, compared to our just tossing a disposable.  Our current thinking is that 1-2 glove & poops tossed per day is still generating a lot less waste than 6-8 disposables would be per day.  So, we're happy with it for now.Product plusses: - The liners are not at all "wicking" and do not generate leaks.  Before purchasing I worried about this.  While they are a little wider than the diaper at its narrowest point, (a) the liners tend to "self-tuck" as the baby moves around, and (b) tucked or not, I've never observed them to have caused a leak via wicking or any other mechanism. - They stick to poop, often better than baby does.  This makes cleanup that much less annoying, and there's a feeling of victory when you pull the liner away and are left with only a wet baby & diaper to deal with. - I was skeptical when reading that others washed & re-used the non-poopy wipes, but I've started doing this myself (washing with the diapers and air-drying) and it works great.  After one washing they come out a little softer than they were initially, like a dryer sheet that has been through the dryer, but still totally usable and no less effective.  After a second washing they are usually worn out.  I don't keep track, I just toss the ones that come out of the wash that look like they have no life left in them, and re-use the ones that still seem fine.Product minuses: - I do wish they were a bit longer because maybe half of the time some poop makes its way either behind the liner (top of buttcrack) or "in front" of the liner.  It still always catches around 90% of the poop, but it would be awesome if that number averaged closer to 100%. - It took a while to get the hang of how to find the perforation and tear these off the roll without damaging the wipe, usually one-handed.  I can now literally do it in my sleep, but it was something that took getting used to. - Not really flushable, see rant above.