This extra tall baby security gate is ideal for many areas where one would want a safety gate. It's quite strong as it's shipping weight of 20 pounds would imply (that 5 pounds more than the shipping weight of the regular Dreambaby security gate). This is super-easy to install on "some" areas because it's pressure mounting style is intuitive and doesn't require many parts. I am currently using  one and three of the regular Dreambaby gates (and two other different types as well).2 Words of Caution:1) This is probably not the best gate to install at top of stairs simply because you'd have to use screws and there aren't enough screw holes (just one for top and one for bottom on each side, and you'd really need twice that).2) The pressure mount is not designed for most situations where there is molding. For example, if you've got molding along the wall such that the little round parts that touches the wall cannot be flush, or if you've got molding on your bannister such that the round parts that attach there cannot be flush. Whereas the instructions say you have to have this gate touching the floor, there are places where you can get away with having it slightly above the floor. But decorative molding may make this gate too difficult to install without getting creative with well-cut pieces of wood or some other creative method.The included extentions:Dreambaby sells this product on Amazon with the extensions included, one for each side (you're not supposed to use two on one side although some people have done so with success). Whereas you're paying for the extension (nothing is free), it is a convenience especially when you see what all the gate marketers charge for an extension separately. As I mentioned, I have 3 of these particular gates installed. I used one extension on two of them and two on one of them. I cannot imagine what a pain it would have been to order the extensions separately. Of course, that means I have two extra extensions that I don't need.The operation of this gate:I love it. It's better than my other gates. The door closes shut automatically when you open it even halfway and let go. Very convenient. After all, you have to go through the gate over and over again everyday, and you don't want to make this event an ordeal.Top of stairs:Oh, how I hated installing a gate for top of stairs. This is the most sensitive place to install a gate. That's because a baby can push on it and go down the stairs with it if it fails, God forbid. Here's my recommendation for top of stairs: KidCo Safeway Gate - White. Just as I found the Dreambaby gate the simplest and best for most uses, I found this one simplest for top of stairs. But installing it was more difficult and time-consuming that it would be to install many pressure mounted gates. It has two screws for each of the 4 contact points. Guess what? - You really have to throw away those screws because they're too short and insufficient. So you have to get your own appropriate screws. Moreover, this one doesn't close and "lock" automatically like the Dreambaby gate. Please see my review on it for tips regarding installing it (or other reviews that have good tips).Conclusion:The pressure mounted Dreambaby gate is near perfect for non-top of stairs uses providing that there is not decorative molding to interfere with installation. Inclusion of the extensions was a good idea even if it drove up the cost a little. Operation of the gate is a dream.