I had a Munchkin grinder for my two boys. When my daughter reached her first half-birthday, I realized I lost the metal grater so had to search for another food mill. I went to stores but could not find the Munchkin brand, and the grinders in stores are all expensive and do not seem easy to use. (In fact I bought and then returned one that was not Munchkin). Fortunately I can still buy the Munchkin grinder on amazon, and for a very attractive price!Back to the product itself, it takes some getting used to: It contains three parts: A plastic hollow cylinder, another plastic cylinder that can be inserted into the first one to make a chute to hold the food, and a metal grater that can be inserted into the top edge of the food chute. The metal grater contains a disk with many small holes, and a metal stick underneath that can be rotated by turning a handle (as obvious in the picture).  When food is pushed upon the metal disk and through the holes, the metal stick can be rotated to cut the food into short stripes.  What's not obvious is that there is a plastic knob on the top of the metal grater which you can use to loosen or tighten the metal stick (along with its long handle) to the metal disk.To insert the metal grater into the plastic cylinder, one must tighten the top knob first. Then, hold the knob or the plastic holder, place the metal disk in the slots at the top of the plastic cylinder, then turn the knob clockwise to insert the disk in place.  Note that after inserting the grater, the metal stick is tightened to the metal disk, making it almost impossible to turn. So one must loosen the metal stick by turning the knob itself anticlockwise. When doing this, loosen the knob only, do not turn the handle anticlockwise, otherwise the grater would come right off.Now with the grater inserted and the metal stick loosened, you can grind the food by pushing down the outer cylinder with your left hand and turning the handle with your right hand. If the food is soft this should not be too hard. Scrape the food out into your food jar or a bowl for feeding.When grinding, it's important to turn the handle only in the clockwise direction. If you turn it anticlockwise, the grater could come off. And since you are pushing the food up against the grater, you could spray the food out and make a small mess.When grinding the baby food, the liquid of the food would be pushed out of the holes on the metal disk first, leaving the fiber-ish food to grind which may feel hard to do. This is unavoidable. One just need to be careful to not push the food too hard, otherwise the liquid could come out of the holes fast and spray right into your face.  I noticed that there is always some fiber-ish food left in the chute that is impossible to finish off. So I either scoop it out and throw it into a soup or discard it. But by that time I usually have a nice serving of baby food already.Some review says the food chute is not waterproof. It's true that when you press down the outer cylinder (which pushes the food upward) and turn the metal grater, some liquid would come out from the bottom. But it's not a lot and I find it no big deal, I always put a plate underneath.Last thing: cleaning. All 3 parts of the grinder are very easy to clean. The plastic cylinder and its insert can be cleaned with a sponge, soap and water. To clean the metal grater, I always loosen the knob first so there is no food trapped between teh metal disk and the metal stick. I clean the holes on the metal disk with a small stiff brush that came with my soymilk maker (but a vegetable brush would work nicely too).  It takes me 15 seconds to clean the grater completely.In summary, buy it and give it a try. If it doesn't feel right, read some of the reviews and instructions, and give it five chances.  Most likely you will like it :)