I read a lot of reviews until I finally bought this book for my daughter.  I have to say I am pretty pleased with it. It is not loose leaf which is what I was looking for.  It's also very very girly. The only thing that I think could be better is to have more space for the birthday parties from ages 2-5, but it's still cute. Part of the reason for me being so hesitant to settle on one is because I was wondering what the pages of information are like. So I typed them up real quick.  Bellow is a complete list of all the pages in this book:-1 page All About Mommy-1 page All About Daddy-2 pages Family Tree-2 pages Mommy & Daddy are having a baby (when you found out you were expecting - date, OB's name, due date)-2 pages for baby shower + pictures & momentos-1 page It's About to Happen (when labor started, etc)-1 page It's me! (time of birth, weight, eye color, other stats, & a picture)-1 page for birth certificate, hospital bracelet, and SSN-1 Handprints/Footprints page-1 Birth announcement page-1 Current Events page + spot for a newspaper clipping from that day-2 pages First day arriving home-1 page The World Around Me (who the president was, hit tv shows, books, fashion trends, etc)-1 page for The price of.. (house, gallon of gas, diapers, etc)-1 page Pediatrician's office visits-1 page Immunization chart-1 page per Months 1-12 milestones with room for picture (place to fill out about sleeping paterns, new discoveries/accomplishments, and places visited)-1 page for Growth chart (dates, age, height, and weight %)-1 page for First teeth-6 pages full of Firsts (bath, tooth, friend, haircut, word, smiled, sleep through the night, stood by myself, etc)-2 Pages for My First Vacation-2 pages of Holidays & Celebrations-2 pages for Favorites (toys, best friends, favorite color, favorite babysitter)-2 Pages all about My First Birthday-1 Page/picture for My Second Birthday-1 Page/picture for My Third Birthday-1 Page/picture for My Fourth Birthday-1 Page/picture for My Fifth Birthday-2 pages for My First day of School-Letter from Mommy page-Letter from Daddy page-8 pages in the back for additional photos & momentos. Complete with areas to write memos inI hope that helps.