I love this high chair. Its smaller than the typical ones you find, so the tray is smaller than many but it has so many advantages, it still easily fits a plate, drink, utensils, more than enough room to draw on or whatever. It is smaller and less intrusive than so many chairs. The chair is sturdy and I would venture less likely to tip over. My mom has a normal looking highchair, and I've caught my kiddo pushing against the table, leaning her high chair back.... When my kiddo does this in the Boon, it doesn't rock the way that one does.One of the best features, (the best ever!!!) is that the chair doesn't have any creases or crevices for leftover parcels of food to get stuck in. One solid body piece, so a few good wipes to collect crumbs and spills and you are done! No running a nail in the creases to wedge stuff out, the pad for the chair that you can buy is easily cleaned also, such a win win.The chair telescopes up and down, which is handy so it can accommodate a range of table heights, so it rolls from our kitchen island to our dining table easily, you just step on the button on the base and push or pull, easy. There is a foot brake on the back of the chair, so no rolling around. There are what feel like caster type rollers underneath, (thats what they feel like, whats actually under there, I'm not sure because its heavy and I'm not flipping it over to find out) that scoot easily around my entire house (wood floors/tile).I was really hesitant to pay so much (what I felt like excessive at the time) have proved well worth it. Its also attractive, look at it, it looks like a space age kids chair, I'd like one!, It also doesn't stain, spaghetti sauce? No problem, cleans right off, if only they designed tupperware to do that! I've had this chair for about a year and a half and it still looks brand new.There is a slight drawback when we first got the chair, the straps were really loose over the shoulders and you couldn't tighten them up as much as I would have preferred, so they kept falling of our kiddos shoulders. We were able to remedy this by lacing the straps over the chair pad and then down through the lower back strap holes.