I really wanted to love these little trays.  I'm doing all homemade baby food for my youngest child and really wanted a good system for safely and neatly freezing and storing batches of purees.  I liked the look of these and was glad to see they came with a lid (NOT airtight, but better than nothing) for easy stacking in the freezer and for limiting the food's exposure to air.  I ordered two.  BOTH of those original two arrived with tiny (pinhead size) holes in them, one in each tray, as well as a pencil-eraser sized weak spot, where the silicon was thinner, in one section of one of the trays.  Amazon has some of the best customer service around and made the exchange for two more super easy, even upgrading me free of charge to next day shipping so I'd have them quick.  The next two that arrived were perfect, at least in terms of being hole free.  I made a batch of puree and tried them out...when it came time for popping the frozen cubes out to store in freezer bags, I was disappointed to find that they didn't really "pop" out at all.  In fact, they were stuck pretty fast in there.  It took running the bottom of the tray under warm water to release them.  That isn't so much extra effort, but I had really hoped that the silicon would just release the cubes cleanly without any trouble so that I could keep the entire amount totally frozen until needed.I haven't tried any other baby food storage trays, so I have nothing to compare these to.  I question whether they'll hold up well over the long term and I hope that they will.  I do like their form factor and it is great to have something I know won't leach chemicals or something in my baby's food.  I love the convenience of grabbing a few cubes from the freezer to microwave for baby's dinner--just as easy as opening a jar from the store and a lot cheaper & better for baby.In conclusion: If you decide to give these a try, inspect your trays thoroughly for holes and weak spots before using.  In something that stores pureed food or liquid, hole = MESS.  And if you have a baby, you probably have enough of those to deal with already.  Also expect to have to dunk the bottom or run it under warm water to release the cubes.EDIT 3/14/11:  Well, I've been using these trays regularly for a number of months and they've held up well.  Not only that, but I've discovered that letting the frozen trays sit on the counter just 5 minutes or so makes popping the cubes out a snap!  Changing my rating to 4 stars.