Some complain of the seat being too small.. well newsflash: your child will grow and so will his/her bum. This works fine for my two year old, although I do help hold him.. it's not a big deal because that's when most kids are just starting. If you expect your 2 year old to go alone, might be better to get one of those potty seats that you set on the floor, since the toilet is kind of high for a 2 year old anyway to go without an adult stabilizing them. This works great for my 4 and 6 year old. I used to have the bemis where the hinge clicked onto the bar but that loosened after a while and would just come off every time and I'd have to reattach. That got annoying quick. Also the finish on it made it weird after some time, stains would just set on it so I hated it in every way. Plus the "hole" of the seat is now barely big enough for my 6 year old (she is very skinny) and she will just sit on the adult seat and prop herself with her hands as not to fall in. Kids adapt quickly. But this Xpress Trainer seat is all plastic, not wood that was painted. It cleans extremely well and has a glossy finish. The lid is not flimsy, but rather, flexible due to the nature of the plastic. If you must, as long as you're not too heavy, it shouldn't be a problem. My 180lb husband sat on it without problems.Also the seat is rounded, unlike the bemis which is utterly flat. This roundness provides better comfort on the bum and less strain when pushing. Can't explain this but it's true. Also the child seat is attached (not clipped on) so no worries about it coming off. Just swing it up for grown ups, and a child can pull it down to use it. The seat for grown up is just fine also. Did I mention how well it cleans?As for lacking the pee guard, well, just teach your boys to point his stuff downwards. If they're not doing that, pee guard or not, you're gonna get pee that have contacted underneath the seats and you got a lid to clean every time, or else the urine residue will start stinking up the bathroom.