I love this stroller, I highly recomend this stroller to all.  If you don't mind paying the price for this stroller I suggest to buy.  I also purchased the Cowmooflage infant carrier which goes along with the stroller perfectly not only because it matches, but getting the carrier in and out is a breeze.  I love the handle adjustments which is very handy!! when I'm pushing the stroller because I'm shorter and when my boyfriend pushes he can always adjust higher which always happens. The underneath storage is huge unlike some strollers you can actually get to the storage without adjusting the position of the child.  Has two cup holders which is great when you have others with you.  Also, the storage bin for cell phone or keys or anything that fits is nice especially because it locks pretty good.  The child tray is also sturdy and nice that it can be removed to be cleaned or to stroll without it.  I have not had problems as others seem to have with the visor falling back, it actually clicks into place so it can't fall back so I'm not sure what their problem actually was.  Also, the customers that had problems with the wheels falling off I haven't experienced either.  The only thing I could think of would be their being rough and throwing the stroller in the trunk. I own a coupe Honda Civic and the trunk is decent, but obviously not huge and I have no problems with getting in and out and I'm smaller built.  The stroller is heavy, but I feel its worth it to have a well built stroller that I feel will last several years to come and probably more.  I love the one hand pull to close the stroller, it does not close very small, but that is expected with a full size stroller and like I said it does fit in my Honda Civic so it can work.  I actually can put other things in my trunk at the same time.  The wheels feel almost made of a rubber material unlike a hard plastic which is nice and has shocks which is nice for a bumpy ride.  The foot brake is also very handy.  I really can't say anything bad except the weight, but it's a stroller your not suppose to carry it for long distances.  I would buy again.  Being a young mother I was afraid of spending a lot of money on this stroller due to mixed reviews, but I wouldn't put my child in any other stroller.