We have two of these gates and have been using them for almost 2.5 years. We bought these when our LO was about 4 months old and have been using them ever since. We've never had any problems. We've used them both pressure mounted and installed as a swinging gate. Both ways have worked fabulously.They don't go on mouldings really well so we just kept the gate lifted up over the mouldings. That actually worked out well for us because our cats can go under the gate to get where they need to go, but LO is too big to go under. And since that makes the gate even higher, she is still too short to climb over.The plastic is see through but sturdy. So you and LO can see each other through it. When I am cooking I can play peek a boo or other games, and see LO clearly. Her favorite thing is to smoosh her face to the plastic and make silly faces at me. I keep the plastic clean the same way I clean my mirrors, with a glass cleaner and newspaper or coffee filters. We haven't had any issues with discoloration or streaking. She has banged on the plastic and even kicked it while having a tantrum and the plastic is still strong. It doesn't even have dents in it. When they are clean they still look brand new after 2.5 years.The gates are pretty tall, and the latch would definitely be waaay too hard for a toddler to use. I could see a 7-8 year old opening it, but probably not a younger kid. However, a 4-6 year old would probably be smart enough to grab a stool or chair and stand on it in order to get over the gate. I am 5'3 and I can easily step over it without needing to move it when its pressure mounted. LO can grab it and try to pull with all her weight and she can't budge it. I can lean against it and it won't move. These things are really, really stuck in place when installed correctly.They are pretty long. On its shortest setting it fits an average doorway. When its mounted to swing back and forth its got a bit more length due to the mounts. I really love it and I recommend them to my pregnant friends. When people come over they always ask me where I got my baby gates.