When shopping for an exersaucer, I came across the Bright Starts Around We Go Activity Station.  I read all the reviews thoroughly before purchasing this one, and it has turned out to be one of the best investments we've made.  My daughter was 5.5 mo when I was looking for something that my daughter can be in vertically after feeding to minimize spit ups and to also allow me to grab something quick to eat.  This exersaucer has accomplished both and much more!  My daughter is very active with her legs and does not like to be confined to car seat, high chair, glider, swing, but she absolutely loves this unit and wants to be in it even 1.5 mo later.Here's what we like about the unit:1. We like the fact that the baby can "walk around" the activity center so she doesn't feel like she's restricted and confined.  I think this bit of freedom and control is what keeps her wanting to go in.2. Unlike the traditional exersaucer where the child just sits in the middle and rotates or bounces up and down which makes really loud and annoying noises because of the plastic tubes, the Bright Starts is more quiet with just the sound of the wheels.  The wheels move very smoothly on the tile floor.3. The keyboard with the 3 categories of sounds (silly sound, short musical tune and piano key) is really great so the baby does not get bored.  You have to flip the pages, but the baby eventually gets it and will flip the pages on their own.  This makes it more versatile than the other exersaucers I've seen.4. My baby is teething, so the two butterfly-looking thing are great for her to chew on (though the short one is a little more difficult for her to reach, but the tall one you can bend).  You can chain your baby's favorite teether to it too if it has a ring, but I think you can do that with most exersaucers.5. The two frog looking thing are great too b/c they teach cause-and-effect.6. I think this unit allows more interactive play b/c my daughter can move around the activity center much faster now, so we pretend we're running in front of her for her to catch us, and she loves it.  Sometimes she runs behind the dog thinking she can catch her too =)7. One unintended side benefit we've discovered is that it helps my daughter poop when she's in it, everyday precisely around the same time.  Not sure if it's the standing position or the fact that she's exercising with walking, but it makes her very regular, so mommy's happy.  And if you have an accident, you can take out the seat to wash it which we've done two times already, and the fabric is still fine.  The only complaint I have is that it's a little difficult to remove the fabric because you have to take out the entire seat, which is a little hard b/c certain pts have to line up so you can unlock it, and my husband has to consult the manual every time, but I think this maybe part of the safety feature.I know some parents complained about their baby's feet can't touch the ground even with the lowest setting.  Just a reference pt for your consideration: when we got the unit for my daughter at 5.5 mo (25.5 inches long), she could only touch the floor tiptoed, and she was in the 90th percentile.  So depending on the growth and height of your baby, you may not want to purchase this too early.  But overall, I think this is a great activity center/exersaucer over the traditional kind and would highly recommend it.