I purchased the DaVinci Parker crib, changer, and this dresser. Everything arrived in a timely manner and was relatively easy to assemble.DRESSER: The dresser looks good with this set, though it does not have the nice contoured lines that the crib and changer have. It also has a lot more particle board than the changer. The drawers are cheap and don't open or close super easily, especially if you're used to high quality furniture. But they are fine, especially for the price. The dresser is quite a bit taller than the changer, so they look a little weird next to each other. The drawers are good size, especially for a baby. I wish the drawers were a little higher quality but overall I am happy with it.CRIB: As many other reviewers noted on the individual item reviews, the crib showed up slightly damaged. I would have liked to have returned it, but I didn't want to deal with shipping it back and waiting for a replacement since my baby was very close to arriving. Other than the damage (which is not super noticeable from a distance), the crib is BEAUTIFUL! I've gotten many comments on it, and on the rest of the set for that matter. It is very sturdy construction and was fairly easy to assemble. The drawer underneath is stupid. It is very cheap, doesn't attach to anything, and doesn't have cover on it. It's just weird. I keep extra baby blankets in it though and it doesn't bother me since they're so cute and I keep them very neatly folded. I had to buy some teething covers for the rails as soon as my baby was old enough to pull himself up, so he wouldn't chew on them. He did make one little mark in it before I got them on, but it's barely noticeable. I also suggest lowering the mattress down to the lowest setting AS SOON as your baby can pull up. We waited too long to lower it and since the crib rail dips in the front, he pulled himself over and fell out of the crib! Luckily we have a very padded rug in front of the crib and he was fine, but it could have been very bad. We lowered the mattress later that day and now (several months later) he still can't come close to pulling himself up that far. Overall I would give the crib 5 stars.CHANGER: The changer is also beautiful, and looks great next to the crib. I love that it is all closed, there are no open shelves on it. I don't like the open changing table shelves with crap hanging out all over that place. These are much neater and tidier looking. Yes, I suppose sometimes it would be slightly easier to have open shelves if you're trying to get something out quickly while you're dealing with a poopy diaper, but it's very easy to get in and out of the shelves and it keeps your nursery looking so much nicer! The cabinets are large. I keep several Costco size packages of diapers on one side and all of my extra wipes, ointments, pads, etc on the other side and I have plenty of room to spare. The main frame of the table is very sturdy, however, the doors and back are super cheap particle board, hence the 4 stars.The doors even sound cheap when you are opening and closing them. My other complaint about this table is somewhat in conflict with what I like about it, so take it for what it's worth... :) While I don't want open shelving, I would like room to keep at least the wipes and maybe a couple of other items (diaper rash ointment, lotion, etc.) up on top of the table for easy access. Obviously you need to get to those all the time and there is no place for them on this table. There is only room for the changing pad. I suppose I could have purchased a shorter changing pad, but then it would not be long enough for my baby as he gets older. The changing pad that came with the table covers the entire top of the table, but it is very thin and not contoured so I bought another one. I do leave the wipes on the table and my baby just kicks them. I also leave a couple of tubes of various things on the table and they constantly get lost under the changing pad. I finally moved the dresser over next to the changer and put all of those items on top of the dresser. I don't love that solution as I really don't like having things "out". I will probably get a basket or something to put them in so they look a little nicer. All in all it's a good buy for the price.Overall I am very happy with the set. It is absolutely gorgeous and very functional. I would recommend it.