It has everything I have been looking for! Stroller has 5pt harness, ratcheting canopy (that stays put unlike the ellipsa I had- that thing was a joke), large basket (basket does not spring down but is still accessible when seat is reclined), parent and child trays (parent tray has covered compartment and child tray has nice deep snack area w/cupholders), one hand fold, stands when folded (yeah! No dirty, scratched or torn parts), linked rear brakes (so you only have to push one side and BOTH wheels lock), wheel suspension with front wheel lock for rough terrain, seat lays completely flat and footrest comes up to enclose seat to make carriage, height adjustable handlebar (which goes high enough for my 6'2" husband!), nice soft breathable material (it is still quite warm here in FL), footrest, and has lightweight aluminum frame. The only thing I can say even remotely in a negative direction is it does take a bit of trying to get the one hand fold thing down. It folds by squeezing a button and at the same time lifting a handle- not real hard but can be a bit tricky at first. Aside from that in the few weeks we have had it in use I can say I don't have anything to complain about. The car seat clips on easily, the canopy covers completely and the ride is smooth. It is soft, plush and very simple to use. The car seat has a good canopy, easy to use 5pt harness with front adjustment, easy to carry and move handle- no complaints from me! The base has a great feature that allows you to secure the Latch system by pulling on a central belt in the center of it. SOOOO much easier than trying to pull on the LATCH belts themselves. The base does not budge when installed in my '05 Saturn Vue. The seat is simple to snap in from any angle. It goes right in every time. Never misses or gets stuck. Plus it has a liquid leveler on it just like on a "real tool level" that shows if it is at the right angle. Not some cheap ball or dial. We have only used it a few weeks but I have seen no problems yet. I do have to mention that while the travel system is considered lightweight it is not THE most lightweight you can get- so whoever is looking for the most lightweight/compact this is not it. It is a great travel system though and I do recommend it.