Warning: long review!Short version:  Pros:  *fit well  *wear well  *cute colors  *very absorbent!  *convenient and easy for inexperience cloth diaperers (baby sitters, daycares, and dads :))Cons:  *bulkyWe tried a few kinds of cloth diapers before finally deciding that bumGenius was best for us. We have not had a single leak since starting to use them and they fit great. I disagree with their sizing chart on where to place the snaps for size because it fits our daughter unsnapped and she is 20 lbs right now, but it still also fits our toddler (who is potty training and will be switching to them soon for overnights instead of a Pull-Up). I find this to be a minor issue that does not affect their quality.Personally I prefer the snaps. Some people say that they think the snaps are more difficult to put on while changing a wiggly baby, but that has not been my experience. Our daughter is EXTREMELY wiggly, with most changings starting with an arched back and ending in much tears and screaming. (I'm not really sure why she hates it so much-- perhaps it's the fact that she is being forced to lay down against her will.) Anyway, once you know which snaps fit for your baby, just keep that in mind and snap it in the same spot every time. I think the velcro on the hook and loop is a bit odd because the strip across the front is twice as wide as the side velcro tabs. Not sure why this is. We happen to have both because when I went to a local cloth diaper store they didn't have as wide of a variety of colors in the snaps and they had the buy 5 get 1 free deal running and I wanted to get enough to get the sale. If you are deciding whether to go with snaps or hook and loop, here is an argument for the hook and loop: as far as pocket diapers go, the laundry tabs work great. I often forget to put the velcro on the laundry tabs and 7 times out of 10 it happens to velcro itself to the laundry tab. I would advise to not forget though as it tends to leave some nasty marks on the inserts if they aren't properly adhered. Happy Heineys laundry tabs DID NOT WORK when I properly applied them 8 out of 10 times! Fuzzibunz snaps are very awkward to snap IMHO because of the 3 snaps not being lined up nicely.As far as convenience goes, I think the bumG's are great. I stuff them after they are laundered and then put them on as needed. If I'm using them for overnight, I quick stuff the newborn insert in and then put the diaper on. The best part is that both the full-size and newborn inserts come with it, unlike some other brands. When they're wet just pull out the insert and toss both in the wet bag and zip-up! I have heard some people complain that the pocket part, which is similar to a pillow case, can get all full of poop and that makes it gross to pull out when it is dirty, thankfully I have not had that problem at all and I think if I did, I would probably use a wipe to grab it out instead of my hand. Some other pocket diapers have the insert slip in through the back, but I find this a little weird because there is nothing to hold the insert from sliding out except for the pressure of the diaper being on. My Happy Heiney's and Fuzzibunz had the inserts sticking out a little bit all the time because there wasn't the extra fabric in the back to hold it in nicely as with the bumG's.I have been washing our bumG's in Charlie's liquid soap regularly and then Oxyclean once per week to eat the odor (recommended to me by a cloth diaper veteran) and we have had no leak, repellant, or buildup issues thus far. The bumG's also dry really quickly, which is nice. I only dried them in the dryer the first time after I washed them and every other time I have hand dried them. We live in an apartment, so I don't want to pay the extra money for the dryer. I'm cheap, what can I say? They only take a few hours to dry and the inserts take longer than the diaper part. I have also heard that they last longer when air dried.I also love all of the colors that bumG's come in! They are so cute and fashionable! I have all of them (including Albert and Lovelace, which are not pictured) except Sassy, which is a little bright for me. They all work equally great!One downside, if you care, is that they are a little bulky. We have had to go up a size in pants for our daughter, but it doesn't bother me too much. In the summer, it's so hot somedays I don't bother with pants anyway. The diapers are so dang cute!Comments? Questions? I will gladly respond to other users who have more questions in the comment section, in case I missed anything.