I absolutely love this stroller. With that said, I will say that it is not perfect, but I have yet to find the perfect stroller and I have owned a lot of strollers.What I like: My hands down favorite thing about this stroller is the 55 pound weight limit for EACH seat. This means there is no fight over who can or cannot sit in the front or back seat. Also, if the child sitting in the front seat wants to get out, but the child in the back seat does not, the stroller WILL NOT FLIP OVER. I had that happen a number of times with my Phil and Teds Sport stroller and it was always a disaster. Nothing like having your kid hop out of the front at the pediatricians and having the one in the back sustain a smack to the head. That was a major reason I chose to purchase this stroller despite the high price. The seats recline nicely, the handle bar feels plush (and is not going to split apart like the foam handles on other strollers), folds easily, and is a breeze to push even with 75lbs of kids in it. I also like the little mesh pocket at the front of the storage basket underneath. Means I can store a small item in there even with a child in the back. The material also seems to be very easy to keep clean, although I have the black one, so I can't really see if mine is dirty so much. Tires do not need air, so they never go flat! There is a canopy for both the front and back seats. The front seat canopy is very generous. The back seat canopy does a decent job although it is not as generous as the front (the front seat offers some sun protection to the back rider anyway though). Personally, I think the seat height is adequate. It's not quite as tall as say my double BOB, but it totally works. My 6 year old who is about average height (maybe 49 inches now?) can still sit in the front seat. His knees are bent and his head passes the top, but with the sunshade pushed back, he's fine. He often slouches himself down and pulls the sunshade over himself anyway though. So it works for us. We have discovered that he is now too tall for the back chair though. His legs get stuck when he tries to get out because they are too long and he complains in feels cramped to his legs when he's in there. It was comical to try. :)The Not so Perfect: While it is easy to fold, you do have to remove the back seat to fold it. I had to do that with my older model phil and teds tandem, so I was used to it (and it is quick and fairly painless). Once folded, the stroller isn't huge, but it is pretty thick. You can take off the front seat and then it folds pretty flat, but you have two chairs to store then. Either way, I think you could fit it in most standard trunk spaces. It takes up about half the trunk space in my minivan. The parent cup holder is pretty useless. It clips on to a little knob on the side and swivels, so if I put a taller stainless steel water bottle in it (say an adult klean kanteen) when the bottle is mostly empty, it flips the cup holder upside down and falls out. Also I read that you could have 2 cup holders, so I bought 2 only to realize that I only have one connector knob on my stroller. Might be that mine is faulty, not sure. I tried a bob single stroller cup holder console, but the stroller handles on this are too far apart and it doesn't fit. That was going to be my solution. Now I just don't have a cup holder. The seat covers do slip down as my kids squirm around and jump in and out.Other comments: Like any tandem, you don't have any storage space when both kids are riding. However, when there is only one in the front, the storage space is very roomy and easy to get to. I like to leave my second seat on just to expand the mount of "storage spaces" I have even if I only have one child with me.Overall, both my husband and I agree that this was one of my best stroller purchases. Well worth every cent in my opinion.