My family loves this stroller both for walking and jogging. Have had it for 4 or 5 months now.We primarily use this for walking and jogging in our neighborhood. Our neighborhood has many hills, large and small, so yes, it does take some effort to push the stroller with a child in it up a hill. is it "that hard"? No way. I can do it fine, as can my wife. besides, it is added exercise, which is the reason why you're out walking/jogging anyway. really, its weight versus durability is pretty well balanced in my opinion. These days we mention " stroller" and our daughter immediately goes straight to this stroller to be put in it. We get plenty of compliments on this stroller too; many even think it's one of those BOB strollers at first glance. I tell them it's better than that because this one costs half the price of a BOB.We recently use this on the beach for walking and jogging, and it was great. just stay on the harder sand, and you won't have any problems.FYI, we have 2 other stroller for non-jogging use: a small umbrella stroller and a "normal" versatile stroller for every day (shopping, etc.) use (it's the Graco Alano FlipIt Travel System, also pretty good stroller)Pros:easy to assemblesmooth rideso far proves very durablegood lookingnot too big, not too smallwindshield (has been very handy for us)drink holdersseat positionssun visor (excellent)comfortable for our daughtergreat for a sleeping child (shields from sun, wind and lays down well)Cons:not so compact (although we've found taking off the rear wheels is very easy, and helps a good bit with fitting it in the back of my wife's Toyota rav4)turning: yes, you have to put some pressure on the handle bars and pivot it on the rear wheels, but as far as I'm aware, this is how any "fixed-wheel" jogger works.Bottom-line: if you want a well-priced, great walking/jogging stroller that holds up well, get this one. If you're looking for a jogger, definitely go the fixed wheel route. I've heard too many complaints about the swivel wheel joggers. (4 out of 5 only because I think they could have designed it so it's more compact when folded)