I was looking for two baby books similar to one that I bought for my son about 2 years ago (Carter's Bound Keepsake Memory Book of Baby's First 5 Years, Laguna). From the reviews, this book seemed to come the closest and had a coordinating girl book (Carter's Just One You Baby's Mod Flower First Record Book/Baby Book, Pink).  The price was great, about half of what I spent on my first book 2 years ago.Pros:-The pages are a matte or flat finish. The ink doesn't smudge when you write. Much better than the previous one. I'm hoping the hand and foot prints won't smudge either, as I had to cover my son's with tape even after several days of drying.-Family Tree pages for Mommy and Daddy-Many blanks to record firsts, some listed together on a couple pages (sit up, roll over, crawl, walk, etc) and a few pages dedicated to specific ones (hair cut and bath) with room for pictures-Many spots to add photos of various eventsCons:-A few pages that I found personally to be useless: 2 full pages for a letter from Daddy and one from Mommy; too many pages devoted to the arrival and welcome home; the weight and height chart has the months filled in already, which does not coordinate with doctor visits (the previous book allowed me to fill in the date/age along with the height and weight)-This book lacked one of the features I loved about the previous book, which was a page dedicated to each month for the first year. There was a spot for a photo and room to write about what had occurred during that month (extra little things besides the "firsts.") There are six pages in the back labeled "Special Memories" so I will be using those to document month-to-month happenings with a small photo. It's not ideal but it will work.-Only one spread for a baby shower.  For me, this wasn't an issue as this will be for my second child and I won't be having any showers, but with my first child I had 3 showers so this book would not suffice to record all of them without adding loose sheets with the extra information.Overall, I think I will be happy with the book. The purpose of my review was more to add information for others looking for specific features that weren't listed in other reviews.