Mattel has been releasing a LOT of Monster High dolls in recent times (in an attempt to cash in while the trend is hot, no doubt) which is both good and bad. Good because it gives a large variety of new product to appeal to an even wider audience, bad because it can create a black hole in any collector/parent's wallet! Also, with many new lines coming out in rapid succession, it means multiple exclusive and hard to find dolls being out there at the same time: any parent or collector's nightmare come true.  Thankfully, the Dance Class line is a basic line with only four dolls, and thankfully Mattel has learned a thing or two about production, and demand meaning that this line of dolls should be easy to find once they have hit peak distribution. So, unless you just HAVE to be the first to have the new dolls, WAIT and buy them at RETAIL! Even if you DO somehow miss them in stores, or online at their lowest prices, and they start becoming harder to find, you will pay less than having to be first. That said, let's get to Howleen!  This is the first time we have seen Howleen by herself, and she comes with a fresh, new look!  Most obvious is her hair! It has morphed from orange to pink, and both looks are fantabulous on her! They have given her two adorable, puffy ponytails that accentuate her curly locks, and her youthful profile perfectly. She has a more subdued look, with a face up done in softer colors.  She is ready for Hip Hop class with her unitard, and her high tops. Her outfit is versatile, as it pairs well with pieces from her original outfit, and with other items that fit her that she borrows from her sister Howleen, and her beasties. She carries a cute, and functional purse made to look like a 1980's boom box. In fact, her whole look is 80's inspired!  Howleen has 11 points of articulation, which is awesome for a basic doll! Many other doll lines out there give their basic dolls bodies with fewer points of articulation, and/or much less elaborate outfits! Mattel has managed to be able to offer all the fun and quality of the deluxe dolls, in a basic line, so kudos to Mattel on that part. Howleen is loads of fun for play or display, making her a collectible play doll.  She is an excellent choice for ghouls aged 9 to 109! (Mattel recommends ages 6 and up, BUT I would say not really made for younger kids due to the theme, complexity of detachable parts, and the complexity of undressing and redressing the doll. But each child is different, so it truly is a parent's decision in the end. If it were MY kids, I'd make them wait until they were older.)  due to her small, removable parts, like hands, ear pins, and shoes, she DOES present a choking hazard to babies, toddlers, and pets! As such, caution must be used to protect vulnerable family members! After all, babies and pets just LOVE to explore their world with their mouths!  Dance Class Howleen would be a fine addition to any collection, whether it be a doll collection, toy collection, or a Monster High collection.  She would also be a great doll to add to any child's playroom!  In short: she's a very versatile girl that looks great dressed up, or dressed down! She can wear clothes of other popular doll lines, and wear them well!  I know our growing collection is getting pretty crowded, but would be lacking without this cutie in the mix!