I am an older mom, just had a baby in December. I was desperately wanting to breastfeed but my milk supply was compromised due to several factors. It quickly became apparent that I needed to either supplement or bottle feed. My midwife suggested using a supplementer. Unfortunately, my initial purchase was a Medela SNS supplementer. I had such a bad experience that I almost gave up and just bottle fed. But then I remembered there was the Lact-aid. As soon as I received it I could see that all of the design flaws of the SNS did not exist in the Lact-aid. SNS works kind of like a bottle, hangs upside down with the 2 tubes at the bottom. When the formula gets low you have to make sure it hangs straight or baby will suck air. Lact-aid has only one tube that attaches to a straw that goes down into the top of a disposable bag. You squeeze out the air when you fill it. Position of the bag does not matter, baby always gets formula. SNS has 3 different sizes of tubing but even the smallest tubing leaked terribly as soon as I taped it on. When baby was younger the flow rate choked her, she couldn't handle the fast flow rate. The only way to slow it was to hang the bag lower, but I already had it hung as low as possible. plus there was the second tubing to deal with---looked kind of ridiculous to have both taped on at once so I rolled it up and taped it to the bottle. The Lact-aid only has one size of tubing and only one tube. It has a decent flow rate that baby has to suck to get the formula. Another feature that was a major design flaw on the SNS is the little slits that kink off the tubing when you are not using it. The SNS has slits all around the cap 6 or 8 of them. When I was trying to use it the tubing would frequently get caught in the slits and kink off the formula. The Lact-aid only has 2 slits and the tubing has never snagged on them, not even once. Cleaning the equipment is a little time consuming but I don't mind- it has become a daily ritual. I was so impressed with this system that I then ordered 4 more units so I can pre-make 6 feedings at a time and keep them in the fridge. Then I just warm one in a glass of hot water. Baby is now almost 5 months old, and while I wish I could have been able to just breastfeed like normal, I am grateful there is still a way I can breastfeed my baby. She doesn't know the difference, she just loves to nurse. She still gets all the breastmilk I can offer, she just gets a little extra along with it. Thanks Lact-aid!