After looking for a bath mat for my daughter, I narrowed down the list to four different models with highest reviews. The first three had hundreds of reviews and each one had at least one review saying that it has very strong smell. On the other hand, Thomas The Tank Mat had only 7 five-stars reviews and no one has mentioned the smell. So I gave it a try and bought it.Here is my experience after using it daily for the past 7 days:The GOOD:1. It appears to be made of a good quality2. It attaches very well to the bath tab floor (the floor needs to be wet)3. It is a bit small and covers only about 60% of the floor surface inside of my small bathtub. However, it is enough to prevent my daughter from slipping.4. It looks nice - my daughter likes the way it looksThe BAD (I really should say the UGLY)It stinks big time. When it arrived, it did not smell that bad. After the first use, I left it to dry in the bath. When I came back 2 hours later, the smell in the bathroom was very strong, like at the chemical plant. I don't know if there is any danger from breathing this but it certainly stinks. I gave it a nice wash with some home cleaning solutions, and let it to dry outside of my house. The next day it was the same. I decided it to leave the mat and not to return it because I don't think there are mats that don't smell at least from reviews. I can't understand WHY? I would pay double for this mat if it did not smell that bad.Until the smell goes away (if ever), I am taking the bath mat to dry in the garage, and bring it back just before I fill the bathtub with water.*Update*After hanging the mat in the garage to dry for a month, most but not all of the smell was gone. After two months of use the smell is completely gone. After each bath, we always let the mat to dry. My daughter actually likes to stick it to the wall when she is done with bath. Overall, the mat looks just like new after being used daily for the past 3 months or so. It looks nice and I feel safe when my daughter is taking a bath. I will add one star back and make it 4 star item because the smell does go away after several months.