Update: Have had this stroller for almost 2 years now.  It's still great, has held up well mechanically.  A few months ago, the side latch which holds it folded shut snapped in half.  Called Uppababy, emailed the CS rep a picture of the damage and had a replacement approved that day.  Took about 3 days to get the new one via UPS Ground from Uppababy and they included a return label to ship the old one back in the new one's box.  Very easy, no hassle, so +1 to Uppababy customer service.  I still would not hesitate to buy this stroller again.After going to Babies R Us, Buy Buy Baby and several local boutique shops I settled on the UPPAbaby G-Lux stroller.  Full disclosure: I bought this stroller sight-unseen because of the weight and description of features and this stroller delivers on all accounts.  My two other main choices where the MacLaren Quest Sport and Cybex Onyx (both of which retail for $229, +$40 vs. the G-Luxe).  The MacLaren was nice, but was very clunky to fold up/down IMHO.  The Cybex was a slightly easier fold and had an awesome sun shade, but is only available in black with colored trim (going to be hot out in the sun!) and it weighed 17 lbs!.The following features drove me to the UPPAbaby despite not being able to find one in a local store to try in advance: weight (11 lbs = lightest by at least 1 lb), stands on it's own (good when travelling), no foot action fold down (good for the wife wearing flip-flops), full recline (my son is only 9 weeks old right now), better than average sun shade with SPF 50 protection, and it includes a cup holder.Now having it in person: the orange/off-white/silver color scheme is really sharp, the fold down is by far the easiest of all the strollers I tried (release 2 thumb latches by the handles and push it to the ground), easiest to open too (release the side latch and step on 1 pedal to pop open...the McLaren/Cybex has 2 pedals?), the seat cushion is easily removable and machine washable (I don't think the 2010s were machine washable), big wheels (they are plastic, but 5.5" diameter for smooth rolling/steering), and it really is noticably lighter.The only "CON" I can find (which is minor) is that the wheel brakes have to be engaged individually and do require up/down foot action (bad for flip-flop wearers) whereas the McLaren/Cybex had interlocked brakes with a side-to-side foot lever.In summary, if you can't find this stroller in a local store, don't hesitate to give it try.  It's cheaper than the main competitors and the weight-savings/features will be worth it if you plan to travel (this stroller will accompany us on a trip to Disney World this summer).