Love love LOVE this bag and the Licorice Twirl pattern!!!!  I use it as a purse (haven't loaded anything for my 4 year old daughter in it yet!). Excuse my LONG review, but I like to know EVERYTHING before I spend $100 on something, so here you go.First, I love Ju-Ju-Be products.  They are well thought out, well made, and super cute! I have been thinking of parting with my Shadow Waltz BFF now that my daughter is 4 and I find myself not using it for her "stuff" anymore, or even as a backpack like I had planned (one of the great features of the BFF is that it converts to a backpack). But I still wanted something that could function as a toddler (not diaper :-) bag.  This totally fit the bill, and I have NO REGRETS!Here's why:SIZE:I am 5' 0" tall.  I do not have a problem with it being too short, too long, or too big.  It looks like a normal purse, NOT a diaper bag (I love that).  The comfortable padded strap has not slipped (length) at all as someone else suggested, nor has it slipped off my shoulder. I can shorten it enough that it hangs like a normal handbag.  I can lengthen it enough that I can wear it cross body when I'm shopping or pushing the stroller.  (Cross-body might be a problem for those of average to taller height, but I can't speak to that....) Although I have not tried it yet (because I'm always wearing the bag), I think it would clip to a small stroller, such as an umbrella stroller, easily (small because the width from each ring on the bag is probably only about 15-16" at full stretch). Whether or not your stroller tips over with it is dependent on your stroller, really, not the bag.  A well-balanced stroller will not tip over with a small load on the handles. Where the strap loops through the rings is where you'd use your stroller clips. (I have the JJB clips, which work great.) It would probably also fit nicely under the stroller in the basket because of it's narrowness and width and height.FEATURES:On the back there is a pocket the full length of the bag, which is where the included matching changing pad is stored (but I don't use it).  An iPad will fit perfectly, but you won't be able to snap it closed (iPad too tall).  Or a coloring book, or a couple thin books (like easy readers). There are the standard JJB crumb drains there, so I try to remember not to drop change or a pen in there, as it might slide out.In the front there is a big zippered pocket which contains two smaller mesh pockets (mine hold a coin purse in one, and lip balm, a tiny hand sanitizer, lipstick--things I want to grab easily without undoing my whole purse); a big zippered pocket (I keep receipts and coupons in there), a stretchy key fob; and more room still--I had my thin 6x4" wallet in there, as well as a few pens and pencils.BEHIND that pocket, but still on the outside front of the purse, is a zippered soft-lined pocket (like in other JJB bags) for a cell phone or camera (or whatever).  I don't know why, but I love this pocket.  I never used it on my BFF because I kept my phone in my purse.  But since this IS my purse now, I keep my iPhone in there.  It fits without a phone-case, and with an Otterbox case (although it is harder to get in and out because the Otterbox is grippy, so there is friction--but it still is a great place to keep the phone). Because it is such a secure pocket, I just took the Otterbox off and put on a thin hard decorative case and not it slips in nice and easy. It is so convenient to grab my phone from that pocket--easy, quick access when the phone rings (you can actually hear it from here, rather than buried inside your bag) or if I need the calculator while shopping.  Like I said, I really like this feature!The MAIN compartment, which has a nice zipper closure with a grab-tab on one side (and zips closed so that if the purse is on your left shoulder you are pulling the zipper toward the front, instead of backwards --well, it would be backwards if it were on your right shoulder), has three mesh pockets and a small deep zippered pocket, and a full-length zippered pocket.  I can't even fill up this bag. The large zippered pocket and two mesh pockets are on the "back" inside, while the small zippered pocket and remaining mesh pocket are on the "front" inside. The small zippered pocket is narrow and deep.  I can't figure out what to put in there because I can't fit my hand in there easily (it's that narrow); I tried change, but it was too deep to access easily.  I would probably put some things in there that I already have in a pouch to keep it organized.  Anyway, the mesh pouch next to it is deep and wide enough to keep my wallet in now.  But it would not fit a standard long wallet (too tall). However, there is PLENTY of room within the bag to hold your wallet.  I did have my Bose earbud zippered holder in there and it fit great. The other two mesh pockets are holding 1) a hankie, pack of Kleenex and little re-usable shopping bag pouch, and 2) a small calendar planner, checkbook, pen, a Kindle Paperwhite, and room for more. The large zippered pouch is basically empty--haven't needed it yet.  Whatever you put in there will be up against your body, so it is not good for anything bulky, since you will feel the bumps.  So papers (receipts, etc) would be a good option.[I am only telling you what is in MY bag so you can get a better idea of what will fit in YOUR bag]Inside the main compartment I have only a few things (since everything else fit in pockets!)--a small brush, a pouch with all my misc. items (like pocket knife, a few hairbands and clips for myself and my daughter, nail file, and all that garbage I could probably be keeping in that odd-shaped zipper pouch...), a travel packet of Wet Ones wipes (they fit in one of the mesh pockets but I didn't like how tall they stuck out--although still below the bag's zipper); the earbuds holder. There is SO Much more room in there.  If you use separate zippered pouches in your bag, you can keep things organized in there. It's big. I think I could fit a change of toddler clothes or some diapers and wipes in there too--but--YEY--I don't have to carry that stuff anymore.  [keep in mind that the more you have in the inside pockets, the more they stick out into the main compartment area--you can still fit lots in there, but you'll have to dig around more]On the outside are two thin insulated bottle pockets (one on each end) that are flush against the bag (not "open" and sticking out like on a normal diaper bag).  I have (at separate times) fit a regular sized bottle of water, a thin tall flip top snack cup, a regular sized (not short and stubby) sippy cup in there and they are secure.  I can not fit my travel coffee cup though (like I could in the BFF). Right now I keep my Rx sunglass case in one so it is super-handy. I often drop change or other small items in these pockets, or even my keys if I don't want to unzip the front pocket and clip them.CHANGING PAD:This pad is not the regular JJB memory foam pad.  It is super thin, so it fits in that back pocket without ANY bulk, or you could probably fold it up even smaller and maybe put it inside the bag (but I never wanted something that had been on public bathroom counters/changing tables with a dirty kid tushie on it to be in my main diaper bag compartment!). I'm trying to figure out how I can use it (maybe as a placemat when eating out??) since I'll never use it for its intended purpose.  It might make a nice clean place to set the coloring book or something when out and about, such as waiting at the doctor's office.  Hmmm....You can seriously load this bag down. Because the front large pocket fits so much, you can end up quite bulky there. I've seen some good YouTube videos on how people have packed their Hobo Be bags--check them out if you are still not sure about this product.  But I'm telling you, if you want a "diaper bag" that does NOT look like a diaper bag (other than the strap is pretty wide and has that pad on the shoulder), or you are looking for a "next stage" toddler/Preschooler bag, this is it, in my opinion.  I've seen other fancier "purse" diaper bags, but a) $$$, and b) they were too fancy for my style. This is cute and casual.Since there is so much extra room in this bag, I'll probably pack my matching Be Quick with stuff for my girl--extra undies (just in case :-), crayons, a pad of paper, some disposable placemats, a snack pouch, hair stuff, maybe a juicebox, a few bandaids...all that good stuff.OH! I should mention, if you are really using this as a full-on diaper bag, you can pretty much fit all your mommy-stuff in the front pocket exclusively (wallet, keys, chapstick, pen, etc), and use the entire rest of the bag for kid stuff.  Had I had this bag from the beginning, that's what I would have done.DISLIKES:The bottle pockets are a little hard to use one-handed.  In other words, you need one hand to stretch open the pocket, and the other to place the bottle in. You can't just slide something fat in.  The pockets are BIG enough, but the elastic is tight (i.e. secure!), so you have to stretch it out to fit something in (even my sunglass case).I really can't say enough good things about the Hobo Be.  All the normal JJB stuff applies--teflon treated fabric, satin light colored lining so you can see things you put inside!, metal hardware.  Love it. A bit pricy, but worth it. And if you like a Ju-Ju-Be pattern or product, snatch it up, because they don't stick around forever.UPDATE 11/20/13:The bag hooks to the umbrella stroller with the Ju-Ju-Be clips really well.  It is the perfect width.