I read every review possible for this stroller.  And most of them told me not to get it.  However, I played with it in the store and one thing kept bringing me back to it....the weight.  If you are looking for an extra sturdy, go four wheeling through the woods with two kids and a 25 lb diaper bag kind of stroller....keep shopping.  Use your common sense on this one.  If it only weighs 14 lbs (my cat weighs more) then it is probably not designed for off roading.  It is designed for shopping and errands.  That is it.  Use it like you would an umbrella stroller.  A more expensive, designer, double umbrella stroller.  I am 5 ft tall, 110 lbs, have had two C-sections so my back always hurts.  My 8 month old and my 20 month old each weigh 22 lbs.  Then add that my Graco Quattro Duo weighs another 35 lbs.  Just getting everything and everyone in and out of the car to run into Target wears me out!  With the Peg Perego, I am saving 21 lbs.  That is the weight of a third kid!!!I love the Peg Perego but I expected it to have flaws.  My single stroller was also extremely light weight and is has it's hang ups but I still loved it because I could get it in and out of the car without a hernia.  We kept the Graco Quattro Duo for taking walks and things that involve NOT getting it in and out of the car.  It works well for that.  I think each person has to decide what is most important for them.  If the stickers come off and the cup holder breaks like everyone says they will, then oh well.  I think carrying my own drink is worth not snapping my back in half.  Other people may have different expectations.Another benefit...it is twice as easy to maneuver through doorways as my tandem is.  The tandem is so long you do not realize you have run into something until you here either the person you hit or your child yell "ouch!"Also, the Peg Perego in Toffee is on major sale through Amazon right now.  The exact same stroller was $329.99 at Babies R Us the other day plus tax!  This one is $189.99, no tax no shipping.  Worth every penny!I have not found the perfect double stroller as I do not think it exists.  I just think everyone needs to weigh the pros and cons and decide what best meets their needs.  Good luck!!