We purchased this item days after our first little one was born, so it's almost one year later.  Here are our thoughts:1) The medicine dropper is perfect in terms of accuracy and measurement, as well as pressure exertion required when getting a fluid into a squirmy baby's mouth.2) The aspirator DOES work, though requires frequent enough cleaning.  It is demarcated to clearly show you how far up the baby's nose you are NOT to insert the aspirator, thereby avoiding injury unless you're completely ignorant of what you're applying to an infant's body.  One or two applications of the aspirator and her nose is cleaned out.  She doesn't enjoy the insertion part, but seems to find it funny -for some odd reason- once the mucus plugging her nose is sucked out.3) The nail clipper, with practice, is effective.  We were hesitant at first, especially since a pin came out of it, rendering it useless after the first attempt.  One call to the company directly, and they IMMEDIATELY shipped us a replacement clipper and a Lamaze-brand stuffed animal (not a cheap toy, either, we found out).  Talk about gracious customer service!  No further issues with the clipper.4) The medicine spoon with cap works as expected; no complaints.  Again, if you're careful, then there are no issues with accuracy of measurement or application.  Our only suggestion would be to wait to use this until the baby is older and therefore more accustomed to using American utensils such as a spoon.5) The digital thermometer is consistently 2 degrees under where it should be (which would suggest that at times, our child would be approaching hypothermia on a day where she just had a little fever from cutting seven teeth at once!).  We could have panicked, but decided it would be wiser to understand that it wasn't probably well-calibrated, so we simply add two degrees onto the reading.Acceptable products, designed to do what we had sought, packaged together for convenience.  The case, we must say, is excellent and is easily cleaned.  We recommend this if you're not seeking top-of-the-line doctor-quality equipment, but rather normal usable things with the understanding that your child is getting temporary -not permanent use- of these items.  More than sufficient!UPDATE, 6/9/2013: Still using the aspirator, nail clipper, and medicine dropper.  The thermometer has been replaced by a non-invasive unit which sits on the temple, and the medicine spoon disappeared somewhere.  :)