We've been using these for almost a year now and they're still holding up strong. They work like they're supposed to, wicking fluid away from baby's skin and into the insert. Often times we have a hard time telling if the diaper is wet or not because the diaper feels dry even when the insert is soaking wet. These are the exact same as BumGenius. Seriously. I put them side by side and scrutinized them to find any difference. There were no differences, so if you're thinking about spending the money on BumGenius, buy these instead and save yourself some cash. I'm positive they're produced in the same factory and bum genius just slapped their label on theirs and marked the price up considerably. I mean, $18 for one diaper?! They need to be slapped. I bought a dozen of these for $56. A dozen bumgenius brand would have cost twice as much. Fuzzibunz are even more pricey, and don't work as well as these.The good:Using these diapers has saved us hundreds, maybe even thousands of dollars already over disposable diapers, and it's only been about a year. These are better than fuzzibunz by leaps and bounds. We bought a pack of 12 of these, and we received a pack of 12 fuzzibunz as a gift. Both my husband and I prefer to use these diapers. These are superior in several ways: the extra snaps down the middle of the diaper lets you change the size of the diaper so if fits better on younger babies, best of all it doesn't add any bulk when you shorten the diaper this way. The extra snaps at the top are for securing a dirty diaper closed into a neat tiny package, which is pure genius, something that the fuzzibunz lack entirely. The back of these diapers where you insert the inner pad is kept closed by elastic sewn into the diaper, which works way better than the loose flap of fabric at the back of the fuzzibunz diaper. You don't have to tuck any extra fabric behind the insert to keep it in place. Our baby has NEVER had diaper rash. We credit these incredible diapers to that. These are way more affordable than bumgenius or fuzzibunz. Shipping was also fast, we received our diapers about 2 weeks after ordering. These fit our baby great when he reached about 12 pounds in weight. He's 20 pounds now and they still fit him great! What do we do about poopy diapers? Use a biodegradable liner in them. Simply shake off the poop into the toilet, toss the biodegradable liner, and you're done. We prefer the bamboo liners, they're silky and soft, let pee pass through and catch all the poo.The bad:Sometimes, if we don't notice our baby has peed and he pees in the diaper again, it can leak out near the snaps. This happens only on very rare occasions. You just have to be vigilant about checking and changing the diaper once your baby has wet it. These diapers were still a bit big on our baby at first. Our baby was 7 pounds when he was born. We ended up using biodegradable diapers until our baby was about 10 pounds, then these fit much better.Pro tips: To keep these diapers at their maximum absorbency, prepare your washer and dryer properly to clean them (a few simple steps to remove chemical and residue buildup), let the diapers and inserts air dry (never use a fabric softener sheet in the drier with them if you do dry them in the drier) and use detergents that are meant for cloth diapers (no dyes, scents, colors, or harsh chemicals), and use only those detergents for ALL loads of laundry to prevent possible residual residues from getting on the diapers.