I am 65 years old.  There I said it.  I think I have used every product there is out there is to "remove wrinkles", "fill in crease lines", "change skin tone".  I have literally spent a fortune on products that do not deliver on their promises.  Then I remembered one day I met an older lady in a Walgreens who had the most beautiful skin I had ever seen on any woman.  I commented on her skin and asked her what product(s) she used.  Her reply was "I have always used Witch Hazel and cold cream my entire life".So I started using witch hazel and Ponds cold cream.  It didn't take long for me to discover that Ponds cold cream clogs my pores and left me with huge black heads.  So I went back to the "beauty products" that I had on hand but wasn't happy with.I ran a search on Amazon for cold cream in hopes that there was something in the cold cream category that I could try and I ran across the Mustela cold cream.  I purchased my first tube after reading a review from another woman who said she used it and it didn't clog her pores.What a wonderful surprise!  This cold cream is absolutely decadent.  I use a product at night that removes dead skin cells.  In the morning, I wash my face and then I use the Mustela cold cream.  It is so soothing and I have noticed that my husband has started running the backs of his fingers across my cheeks because the skin is so soft and plumped.  It is non greasy and does not clog pores.  My skin just keeps getting better and better.  I have just ordered 2 more tubes because I don't want to run the risk of running out.  However, a little goes a long way and I have no idea when I will need to open the second tube.  If I am going to be outside, I use the cold cream and then I make sure that I wear a good moisturizing sunscreen.  But if I am going to be inside all day, I skip the sunscreen and just enjoy the feeling that using this cream provides.So bottom line, if you are tired of throwing money away on beauty products that do not deliver on their promises and would like to have nice, soft skin, then this is the product for you.  It is awesome.  I also keep the Hydra Stick in my purse because I am constantly irritating my upper lip because I have to use tissues so much because of allergies.  When I notice that the skin is getting irritated, I apply the Hydra Stick so that my skin never gets red and irritated again.  I will never stop using the Mustela cold cream.  Thank you, Amazon!