Okay so yes within the past few weeks we purchased all of these to try with our two-month-old breastfed baby. Short version: every baby is different and Lansinoh won for ours.But here's some additional comparison points on all of these to help others decide and maybe avoid buying so many :)Background: our baby is now 2-months old, but we started trying bottles around 6 weeks. I stay home, so the goal for us is just occasional bottle feeding so I can have a little time away.Munchkin Latch: this is the bottle system we used with our now 2-year-old and he adapted to it well from around 6-weeks old. It's easy to clean, interchangeable with sippy cup parts, and has an adapter for direct pumping. Problem is our new baby just cried whenever we tried putting this bottle in his mouth, so we started looking at other bottles...Comotomo: super easy to clean with just your hands, looks awesome, feels nice and soft. Our baby was able to latch on to the large nipple surface, however, the nipple itself is very long and he seemed to be struggling with this. He drank from it the first time we tried, but wasn't HAPPY and was squirming and joking a bit. The nipple is also very slippery, unlike some of the others with a matte finish, and the super wide bottle makes it difficult to fit most bottle warmers (didn't fit our boon orb or Intel-a-temp). Lastly, no breast pump attachments.MAM: this nipple looks completely different from comotomo so I thought it'd be worth a try. Our baby wouldn't even drink from this one unfortunately- he just cried and made a face like "what's this foreign object in my mouth" :( Also, I didn't like the complexity of the bottle - there's a bottom cap, a bottom rubbery insert valve, and then the nipple, nipple ring and cap. And the bottle just looks unattractive in my opinion compared to competitors - not that it would've mattered if he liked this one :)Breastflow: our baby drank an entire 3oz the first time we used this, WITH a smile, and fell asleep after. I thought this would be the one! But the next two days he refused in and just chewed on the stiff inner nipple. The outer nipple on this one is very thin and fully collapsed when he drank from it. And milk gets stuck between the two nipple prices and you have to squeeze it just right to get it to go back down into the bottle where your baby can drink it or you can save it. (A feature that's a little complicated to show a baby sitter, etc) Honestly the double nipple seems to be a waste because it only slows the flow for your baby's FIRST suck - after that, milk goes into the outer nipple and comes out just as easily as any other bottle. The idea is to simulate the natural let-down of breast milk, but it only added a 1 second delay.Adiri: so we never got to use this one because our baby loved Lansinoh. But I did provide a picture of the nipple and wanted to mention that the nipple had a wonderful soft, matte finish that seems would be easier for baby to latch too. It also looks the coolest of all the bottles. Downside it had a lot of parts to keep track of and clean.Lansinoh **THE WINNER**: our baby instantly latched with this bottle and it just felt "right". He's drank from this easily with mom, when sleepy and fussy, with dad, etc - some of our key test times, and it past. The bottle design is wonderfully simple and the nipple has a very nice feel - it's very thick, but soft and partially matte finished. I love that I can direct pump with the very affordable Lansinoh manual pump (comes with a free bottle too), and the design is super simple and easy to clean. The air vent for this one is in the nipple, just like Comotomo, which is great because there's no worries about leaks from a bottom plug, etc. But my ONLY complaint is 1) the air valve can sometimes make a loud noise which I worry will startle the baby (so far he hasn't seems to notice it) and 2) it only comes in purple.