After doing a lot of research and reading lots of reviews we decided on this Jeep Stroller. So far we're happy with our purchase, but there are a few things that I would change. - It is not all that high. Higher than other umbrella strollers, but still at 5"7', I feel a little hunched over.- I would like if it had a 5 point harness system. We're using this for our 5 1/2 month old who can't really sit up yet, so I get nervous about him falling forward.- The padding on the side does seem kind of rough and when the seat is reclined it would be very easy for my little guy to hit his head on the hard bars that you can feel through the cover. I read another review stating the same thing, but didn't think to much of it because others hadn't commented, but this was actually the first thing that my husband noticed once we put the stroller together. We put blankets on the side of our little guy to protect him from hitting his head.Now the pro's:It is very lightweight and easy to put together. It takes up about half the space that our Chicco Cortina stroller did in our vehicle.I love the storage area and have been pleased with the parent tray as well.For an inexpensive stroller, this definitely does the trick!On a side not, we have debated going with this stroller over the Kolcraft Contours Lite stroller that was in the same price range. After assembling our Jeep stroller, I happened to be at Sears and noticed the Kolcraft stroller there and have to say I'm glad we went with the Jeep stroller. The Kolcraft was about the same height as the jeep and didn't have the nice parent tray. It did, however have the nice 5 point harness system.UPDATE: Almost 3 years later, we still love this stroller! It has held up nicely. I recently found a steal at a garage sale for a Chicco umbrella stroller that retails in the $89 price range. I thought since the Chicco was so expensive that there might be something amazing about it that would make me love it more than my Jeep stroller, but I was wrong! The Jeep is SO much better! The storage space is huge and easy to get to, unlike the chicco. The parent tray and cupholders are also great (also unlike the Chicco.)  The only difference I saw that I liked between the Jeep and Chicco is that the handles on the Chicco were a little bit higher up for those that might be taller. All in all, you CANNOT go wrong with this Jeep stroller!