We purchased a set of 18 newborn all-in-one diapers prior to our baby's arrival: 4 Imagine, 8 Lil Joey, 2 Grovia, 2 Blueberry Simplex, and 2 Bum Genius.Our favorites were the Imagines - and they are the cheapest. Our kiddo was almost 9 lbs on arrival, so we knew she would outgrow her newborn sizes pretty quickly. At two months and almost 12 lbs, she is still in the Imagines, Bum Genius, and Blueberries.The imagine is soft and stretchy but more absorbent. They hold up great in the wash and dry quickly. We haven't had any problems with leaks - I highly recommend.Our next favorite was the Blueberry, but it was twice as expensive as the Imagine. Because it has a cotton soaker, it's very obvious when the diaper is wet. It's also very gross to pull out the insert when it's wet or dirty - worse than a normal pocket diaper. Still, the fit is great. Probably would not have purchased these had we not had a gift card to spend.We have mixed feelings about the Bum Genius. The Aplix is annoying..it sometimes doesn't stay down and can be a mess with a dirty diaper. And, we have a ton of Aden and Anais linens - a few have become victims of Velcro in the wash. So the Aplix is not a preference. So far, we like BG both infant and full size, but it's a pain that they have to line dry, and they aren't as plush as other brands.Lil Joeys are little. We liked them the most initially - they have gussets and seemed to be the most well constructed, but our kiddo just grew out of them quickly. They also lost their plushness after washes and took forever to dry, even though they could be dried in the dryer. We've already moved on to the full size Rumparooz and love them because they dry fast in the dryer and have the same gusseted design.Grovias are similar to the blueberry in terms of fabric and absorbency. Again, they run small. The other con with the Grovia is that they don't have a snap down for the umbilical cord, so it was a couple weeks before our baby wore these. They are dryer friendly though, but took slightly less time than the Lil Joeys to dry.Both Grovia and Lil Joey have the cutest covers, but unfortunately are just so pricey compared to how long the baby can be in them.For the money, the Imagines really were the best bet.