I love these nets! I used them with my son (now 4) and just bought a bunch for my 8m old. They can be used once babies can "chew" stage 2 foods. If they can handle the occasional chunk (about 1/4th of a grain of rice at most) then they will master these without a problem. I've used lots of foods in these and several brands. None is 100% perfect but Nuby's are close:)apples- these are great and leave less pulp stuck in the net. I poke holes in the apple segment and soak in cold water for 1/2 before giving it to her. This makes it extra juicy:)bananas- my girl's favorite but the hardest the clean out of the net. It leaves rubbery pulp and stains the net.soft boiled/baked sweet potatoes- great! Easier to clean out of the net.oranges- too much pulp:(carrots- I use soft baked carrots that are super easy to mush.green beans- my girl loves them but it's hard to get the husks out of the netting.bitter biscuits/teething cookies- these work well in the net.I've used a few brands and like Nuby best because replacing the nets is very easy. The one handled nibblers are a bit different than the triangle shaped handles. The net with this set has larger holes and the material feels like it's better quality.The cheaper triangle shaped nibblers have an easier to grip handle and a cap. I like the cap for when I freeze fruits for teething. The net with this one is a bit cheaper feeling and the holes are a teeny bit smaller. Nuby Nibbler with Travel Cover, Colors May Vary Both varieties open the same- you squeeze and turn, kinda like medicine bottles.I've also tried Munchkin 2-Piece Fresh Food Feeder, Purple/ Green I LOVE the Munchkin but their net feeder has serious design flaws. Like the fold in the net that catches pulp and is a pain to clean. Their net is easier to open, has a larger net so it's easier to slide a banana in it. But it's harder to clean and the colored fabric makes see food stuck in the net harder.CLEANINGSoak them in a bowl of dishwasher powder (mixed with water). Dishwasher machine detergent has enzymes that dissolve food. It will make cleaning much easier than just Dawn etc.I use a bottle brush shoved inside to break up the pulp and open the net to make it easier to see the left over bits.It nothing gets the gunk out I put the nets in a lingerie bag and toss them in the washer.Nuby sells replacement nets so when they get stained up I replace them. Nuby 9 Pack Replacement Nets for the Nibbler