I am so glad I purchased this stroller.  I have a 3 and 5 year old that get tired when we do a lot of walking.  They always fought over the single stroller and my husband got to pack the other kid.  I finally found this and it's the answer to our problems!Child weight:  They are 42 and 44 lbs respectively and it's not any problem for me to push them in this stroller.Child height:  Their weight is not an issue, and their heights are not an issue.  As far as some have said with the black thin fabric over the head and tall kids not fitting, I disagree.  It flattens down a little and you could put a blanket behind their head to smooth it over if need be.  Not a big deal by any means.The hood:  I really was expecting this to be a doozy by the way people were talking in reviews.  I have to say I totally disagree.  Please take into consideration that this is an umbrella stroller and is meant to fold up compact.  I think the hoods are great.  They don't have to be removed in order to fold up the stroller.  That is a huge plus for me.Some pros:*It fits through even the skinniest doorways I have encountered.*It is heavier, that is a bonus for me b/c when the kids walk, I don't want my big heavy diaper bag or shopping bags tipping it over backwards.  And it's not too heavy that I can't pick it up.  It's just right.*Sturdy and strong for big kids.*It turns and glides better than my peg perego single stroller.  That thing pushes horrible so this is a nice breath of fresh air.*Folds up compact like an umbrella stroller and takes up minimal space.  I have a large vehicle but with 4 kids there isn't a lot of trunk space since we use all 3 rows of seating.  This is perfect.*Super easy to take down and stow away.*Setting it up is easy, just push down on the kick lever firmly.*Kids get to sit beside each other.  Even though mine are 2 years apart they are like twins/best friends.  It's fun for them.*reasonable price pointI think that is about all.  No cons for me yet.  You can't wish for cup holders, trays, perfect hoods, etc in an umbrella stroller.  You have to compare apples to apples!  Highly recommend this stroller.