This is one of the baby products that we used the most so far. As a changing table its biggest advantage is that it's on wheels. That means you can move it from room to room if you're planning to have the baby sleep in the parent's bedroom at first, or if the baby has to sleep in her own room for a while because a parent has a cold, etc. The changing surface is soft and can be easily wiped off. It has a safety strap to hold the baby in. You don't need an extra changing table pad to put on it like you would on a wooden changing table, because this table is already soft and has sides, so learn from my mistake and save your money. I do wish the sides of the changing table were a bit higher.We wheel it into the bathroom every day for the baby's bath. I don't know what we would do without this product. I can't imagine having to kneel down on the side of the tub while holding a baby and slowly lowering her into water - it's been hard enough as it is to get used to holding a wriggling wet baby while you bathe her!  With this bath if your bathroom is large enough you can have several family members comfortably standing all around the bath tub to help you with the bath, and that's exactly what we did at first: one person to hold her, one to soap her up, one to pour water over her so she's not cold. Imagine doing that if the baby is down in the bath tub and everyone would have to kneel down! The fact that it's higher also means that you can hold the baby up more easily so you can have the water be at least 3 inches deep without worrying about it. Our baby would get cold at first when we didn't put enough water in, but once we made the water deeper she started enjoying the baths and now it's her favorite part of the day.Regarding the aesthetics, it's not the prettiest baby item we own but I don't think it looks bad. If anything it just looks somewhat impersonal, like something in a hospital. But with a baby around I care a lot more about practicality than looks.The assembly wasn't that smooth - we struggled a bit with some of the parts which shows they're not as precisely made as they should be. Also one screw was missing and one was incorrectly stamped. I e-mailed the company about replacement screws but didn't hear back, so we just used a couple of other screws we had around the house. Still I'm rating this product highly because it's very innovative and there are less than a handful other comparable solutions on the market right now, which all seemed not as well made.Update: At around 4 months the baby outgrew the length of the changing table and the low sides were making us nervous, so we bought a bigger wooden changing table. We still use the bath daily for our 7-month-old.