I waited to write this review until a few weeks after my daughter was born so I'd get a good basis to review it on though I carried the bag for a month or so before that because my other bag was sent in for repairs. Let me preface this by saying I'm a bit of a man bag connosour, I've had quite a few and generally really like Timbuk2 and Osprey so this bag faces some tough competition.Overall I really like the bag, it's sturdy and after a couple months of heavy use it shows no wear. The bag itself is a solid construction and I was pleased right out of the box with the feel of it with one exception. There are two straps inside that have clips on the end to attach the bag to a stroller handlebar, the straps themselves (pictured below) seem a bit flimsy and are almost a ribbon material, and the clips are a tad cumbersome to use, I feel like a caraberner style would've been much easier than the locking style they used. That said, after a bit of use neither strap shows any wear at all, so they're probably fine, just a bit lighter weight compared to the rest of the bag. The four pockets inside are good, useful sizes and the wipes pouch works nicely. It's an elastic Velcro band that holds the wipes tightly and helps make sure you only get one at a time. We use the Kirkland wipes from Costco and the pouches fit perfectly. The size of the bag itself is good, we have the Medela pump that comes with a 4 bottle cooler bag which is a bit too large to put in the bag and makes the bag awkward when it's inside, that said once we got a 1 bottle cooler (which is all we ever really use) everything for a full day's outing fits inside nicely.There are a couple minor items I wish the bag had that I've seen on other bags. First an interior handle would be great, this way you don't have to lock the bag shut to pick it up by the handle (something important with a screaming infant in the other hand) and you would be able to hang the bag while open which would really help for diaper changes in public bathrooms. An insulated pocket compartment for a bottle to keep it cold would be great, if you want to get fancy an ice pack made for it would be killer. And finally a zipper or straps to make the bag expandable would be super handy.Still, very much a 5 star product and I'm happy to have it. Well done Dad Gear.