My water broke naturally at 34 weeks gestation, so they had to induce to daughter at 35 weeks. Needless to say she was a premie baby that spent a month in the NICU. As soon as I delivered, one of the first visits I had was from a lactation consultant who showed me how much superior nursing could be compared to formula for my wee one who was struggling with a few issues. Two other visits from lactation consultants from the hospital followed soon after within a 48 hour period. They showed me how to pump efficiently (sized me for flanges etc). Once I got discharged (48 hours after delivery) and I got home I was completely equipped to keep pumping in order to supply my daughter with breast milk. Or so I thought. As my milk supply increased, so did the pumping time and I felt not only discomfort holding the bottles the milk was pumping into (I used an electric pump), but it was borderline painful holding them steady, still and in the same position for close to half an hour. On a trip to Babies'r'us I saw this product. A quick online check showed me it was significantly cheaper here on Amazon (by 25%) even after the discount from the r'us cc on Thursdays. I looked at their sizing chart online and placed the order. This product is true to size and was a life saver for me! It took my daughter a week after she was released to figure out how to nurse properly, so I got 5 weeks of use out of this. I feel that it was worth every cent! The bustier is comfortable and does what it is supposed to! Holds the flange-bottle combo in place while the electric pump does it's job. I have no experience using this with a hand pump so I cannot vouch for it's use in that way. I have washed this following the (accompanying care instructions sewn into the side) a few times. I had a few incidents of milk leaking because I forgot I was pumping (it's that comfortable!) and shifted my position- my fault entirely. Each time it has come out of the wash beautifully. No piling, no snags, good as new every time. I couldn't be happier! For moms who need to pump for a longer period of time on a lower speed/suction like I had to due to sore nipples and/or bigger chested women whose hands would tire from holding up their breasts, I would consider this a must-have. Very thankful for a product that helped me pump and provide crucial nutrients for my preemie when I needed to!