I scored in a big way when I found an 8-year-old Dutalier chair locally for next to nothing, but the original cushions showed eight years of use by a mom and her growing child.  My efforts to clean the cushions were less than totally successful and even though the chair "sat" well and glided perfectly, I didn't quite like the still slightly stained look of the original sage green material on the cushions.  I took a chance and ordered the soft green luxe covers (and took advantage of the open box option from Amazon Marketplace for a price under $70).  They arrived in two days, as promised, and were brand new.As you'd expect from cushion covers, it took some effort to get them on and situated on the chair but it was doable.  The ottoman cover has elastic on all four sides but the hook-and-loop system still works fine to keep the cushion in place.  The arm covers include the side pockets but they really aren't accessible from the chair, and I don't need them anyway.  The photo doesn't even show the side pockets but there is actually material on the outside of the armrest supports.  I may take a photo and post it.  There are buttom holes through which the snaps on the armrest covers can be attached to the chair frame.  Interestingly, the snaps are not accessible through the chair cushions, but there are ribbons with which to attach them to the spindles on the frame, and that seems to work just fine. Zippers on both chair cushions provide a snug fit (a good thing).  I'm pleased with how the cushions look, even though you no longer see the seams on the chair back and seat cushions.For other reviewers who noted that you can buy a new chair for nearly the same price - yes, there are cheaper brands but the quality of the chair won't be as good.  If you are able to find a top-rated (and therefore higher priced and higher quality) used chair locally and want to keep it for years, then buying these covers is a great option.I'm not a mom, I'm a newly retired senior who has wanted a glider/ottoman set ever since experiencing it in a friend's home.  Between the great bargain on an amazing chair and the open box option, my outlay has been under $100.  And one more thing: the fabric is wonderfully soft.  The original fabric was high quality but a bit on the stiff side.  The cover makes the chair inviting and cozy.  And even though it now has a slip-covered look, I don't think the covers look or feel "cheap", as a few others have felt.