I own 3 carriers:Lite-on-Shoulder Baby Sling (this product)Infantino Swift Classic Carrier (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003I867US/)Infantino Sash Mei Tai Carrier (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005C9ODQ6/)My baby is currently 12-13 lbsMy priorities: in addition to skin-to-skin perks of all carriers, I focused on hands-free movement, different holding options, breastfeeding, comfort, ease of use, portability, growth, price, and extras.  I'll rate these features 0-5 for each.Lite-on-Shoulder Baby Sling:I like this carrier best for wearing her when she is asleep, particularly while I work at the computer, but it's also good for her while awake and while I'm mobile.  As long as she isn't very squirmy, this carrier is excellent.hands-free movement (3)Very good, but not great.  Sometimes I feel the need to steady her with one hand to make sure she doesn't shift (eg. to reach something up high).  Not a big deal as this doesn't happen often.different holding options (5)The sling is very versatile.  I already use 2 holds easily and there are several more to learn, with plenty of options for her when she is larger.breastfeeding (2)Nursing in this has been tricky for me so far, because she is a squirmy nurser and the sling doesn't give her enough room to move to her liking.  This may be my skill with the sling or just the nature of a sling in general.  However, it is very easy to move her from sling to seated nursing with the sling loosened around her, and then back into the sling when done.I am still playing around with ways to be discrete while nursing with the sling.  The best option for me so far is to pull the sling above her and over/across me while nursing in a seated position, but if I ever manage the nursing carry, the fabric should be easily pulled high enough to work well.comfort (3-4)Comfy for mom & baby (when done right).  It becomes heavy on one shoulder after extended wearing, but this has been after 1+ hours while standing/walking and 2+ hours while sitting.  Very reasonable.  Wearing time will get shorter as she gets heavier, but this is expected.The fabric is very soft, and the edges of the pouch have a cushioned lining about 1.5 inches wide.  The same padding is added to the shoulder area of the sling, making it comfy and sturdy for the wearer.ease of use (4)This carrier requires the most adjustments while wearing, but it is very easy to adjust.  Additionally, this carrier is the quickest and easiest to get on/off or convert to a new position.portability (5)It's not bulky and very light.  This is the best option for fitting in a diaper bag.growth (4)This carrier is the most versatile for growth.  It has been great in her infant stages so far, and it looks to be useable well into her toddler stages, although I can see it becoming less comfortable the larger baby gets.price (4)Obviously, there are several options for slings that are much pricier, but I have been very happy with this sling.  Some reviews knock the size of the metal rings, and while larger ones might work smoother or be rated for higher weights, I have not had any problems or concerns with the quality or sturdiness of the rings on this sling.extras (1)None.  Although the "tail" of the sling could easily be modified to make it into a pocket that could store a diaper and keys.Infantino Sash Mei TaiI have not started using this one very often just yet, but I see this becoming my favorite once she is a little larger, and I'll update this review at that time.hands-free movement (5)Full movement for mom and baby alike.  I do support her head more in this one though, as the infant/froggy hold actually keeps her head above the fabric.  This is due to her current size, and a smaller infant would do just fine.different holding options (4)The structure of this carrier makes it very versatile, with several infant and toddler holds.As an infant (<12 lbs), this would work great for a froggy hold at any time.My baby is just under 13 lbs, so she has outgrowing this position while she is sleeping (as she's just big enough to be above the head support area).  While awake, this hold is fine since she has good head control.  However, she tends to be more squirmy and seems to feel more confined in the froggy hold with this carrier.I can't yet use the straddled position with her, as the crotch area is so wide that it would keep her legs nearly straight out instead of bending in an open stance. Again, this is a size thing, and this position will be much more conducive when she is older/taller.This is also the carrier I see myself being most comfortable with when trying something like a "backpack" type hold.breastfeeding (?)Apologies, I have not tried this yet in the Mei Tai, but I can see that it will be easier in this than the other 2.  My primary reason for getting this carrier was the ability to nurse easily and discretely, so I hope to have more feedback on this soon.comfort (5)Oh my word, this thing is COMFORTABLE for me.  Baby girl isn't quite as sure yet (she's very squirmy and seems to feel a bit confined in this one), but I'm still new to this carrier, so it may just be my learning curve right now.The material is smooth and velvety, and I can barely tell I am wearing the carrier once it's on.  I envision this one being my primary carrier once she is a bit older, and would have worked very well at her newborn stage when she was short enough to get the head support which she is barely too tall for now.Adjustments are the most cumbersome in this carrier as the straps need to be adjusted around your entire body to tighten/loosen, and the alternate hand needs to support baby during the adjustment.  However, they are rarely necessary because the texture of the straps keeps them in place quite well.This one is the most awkward to put on, but once it's on, it is by far the most comfortable.  The only time it is less than perfect is when seated, the knots get in the way a bit.  I will be playing around a bit with ties on the side to see if this helps.portability (3-4)This carrier is very light and would fit in a bag if folded properly, but the straps make it more cumbersome to work with.  You'll need to be mindful of your location when putting on this carrier, as the straps will drag the ground unless you specifically keep them up.  Indoors this is okay, but outdoors will require extra effort to keep the straps clean.growth (4)I see this as the best option for a toddler.  While it will certainly work for an infant, it seems to be the most comfortable option for an older toddler.  Again, I'll update in the future when baby girl is older.price (4)The Infantino version is very well priced for the Mei Tai design.  There are plenty of pricier options.extras (3)There is a hood that can be removed as needed.  In addition to extra privacy when nursing, this provides a shield from bright sunlight.  There is easily enough room on the front for a low-profile pocket and other carriers have a hood option, but that's a trade-off for the great price.Infantino Swift ClassicThis was my first carrier, and the cheapest of the 3.  It is also my current favorite.She can be squirmy, she can sleep, she can be comfortable and safe and I always have full range of motion, so this carrier is the best overall for multiple situations and needs.hands-free movement (5)Full movement for mom and baby alike.  The only time I hold onto her is if I bend over, I tend to support her head.  I do this in all 3 carriers though, so I don't take any marks off the item since it's safer to do this anyway.different holding options (2)There are 2 holds: facing in or out.  I only use the "facing in" option, as I've read negative feedback on using any carrier facing out.  So for me, it's pretty much a one-trick pony.  However, it does that trick beautifully, and that makes this my go-to carrier.breastfeeding (0)It's not really made for that.  I'm sure I could modify the straps and wiggle her into position, but it's just more practical to take her out to nurse.comfort (4)This carrier is very adjustable for different wearers and good for long periods of time.  I would say 2+ hours sitting or standing/moving.  The buckles are low-profile, and there are no knots to work with manually or get in the way in a seated position.  Baby girl sits comfortably, and the crotch area gives her enough support that her legs are bent comfortably and correctly.The structure provides good head support for baby, yet gives her enough room to move freely and look around without straining against the carrier.ease of use (4)Adjustments are rare, and easy to do one-handed.  There are no knots, only adjustable straps.portability (4)Very compact, and putting on/off doesn't require a lot of room.  I can hop in the back seat of the car and take her from car seat to carrier before hopping out of the car again.growth (3-4)This carrier will work up to 25 lbs. While it's probably the best option for her infant stages, I can see this one becoming less comfortable as she gets older.price (5)Cheapest of the 3.  This is a GREAT intro carrier!extras (3)There is a bib that can be used or removed as needed.  It doesn't come up that high though, so if she spit up, I'd still be cleaning my top.  There is easily enough room on the front for a low-profile pocket and other similar carriers have a hood option, but that's a trade-off for the great price.