This diaper bag has four outsidet pockets, one pocket on each end, 2 pockets on one side of the bag and a pouch about the length of the bag on the other side of the bag. The end pockets both have a pouch on the outside of the pocket, and a pouch on the inside of the pocket.The two side pockets have pouches on the inside of those also. The pocket with the red zipper streak, is a pocket on the outside of the pocket( red streak opens into a pocket). The Pocket beside that pocket has a pouch on the outside of it. On the other side of the bag is a pouch the length of the bag as stated before.  Inside the bag, is what appears to be a pencil holder/pouch, like the ones kids use in school with the zipper on it, this can be pulled out. I dont know what its for, its my first child.  There is a diaper changing pad inside as well.  There is the piece for the bottom of the bag to make the bottom of the bag have a sturdy floor surface. There are 3 pouches 2 insulated ones for bottles it seems(inside the bag), above those 2 pouches is an in bag  wall pouch with a zipper to close and open. on the other/adjacent bag wall is just a pouch the length of the inside of the bag. The tag says the bag comes with a keyfob, i was looking for a remote for the bag LOL, i dont know what the keyfob is on the bag. Also in one of the outer pockets, i believe that string with the clip is a pacifier holder, not sure.  This is the baby bag for Men, most other baby bags look like big purses, but not this one. Also this bag has the colors that make a man want to carry the bag sometimes if not all the time :D  Women may not like the bag because it dont look like a purse, i dont know. I think the material could have been a tad thicker but it should be fine for a baby diaper bag. After the baby is up and out of baby phase, and if the bag is still around, i'd probably use it for an accessory bag of some sort. Im sorry if the women made past fathers/men carry the diaper bag, but now guys, we can carry a diaper bag with pride :D  who's with me? Besides, im having a boy, and the unisex bags still look a little womanish/girlish if you ask me. I hope it lasts, Good price, and a diaper bag for fathers/man with baby.