I purchased 2 of these primarily for longer car rides and outings where it wasn't the fault of my newly potty trained 2 yo if we couldn't make it to the bathroom immediately.  I was so pleased that I purchased two more.FIT: My 28 month old is around 30 lbs and an average solid build. I chose the 3T because I didn't want him to hit a growth spurt and not fit them any longer. The fit is fine on the smaller snap setting, including around the legs, but definitely "poofy" especially in the back.ABSORBENCY: We use the trainers without additional stuffing and they are perfect, even during most naps if he didn't have too many liquids beforehand. [EDIT: after a few months of use, they do NOT contain accidents. Looking at the legs, I think that the leg holes stretched out. Now I stuff the pants with a newborn microfiber insert, which barely fits. Bigger potty accidents will still leak some. I would never use these for naps now.]  The pocket is VERY narrow. Don't expect to be able to fit most regular microfiber pocket diaper inserts in these trainers.WATERPROOF:  The PUL layer combined with the flannel and microfiber is wonderful for keeping accidents contained. [EDIT: not so much after awhile]SNAPS AND ELASTIC: These were two musts that I was looking for in a trainer. Snaps allow you to easily get the trainer off if there is poop and allow for more adjustability in fit. The elastic is a must for kids to be able to pull the pants down on their own. [EDIT: one of the snaps popped off afte several months of being used a few times per week.]WASHING: If only soiled with urine, at most I do a quick rinse in the machine before washing with the rest of the laundry on a warm/cold cycle with regular detergent. Do not use fabric softener as this will build up and effect absorbency! [We cloth diapered so I was hesitant to use regular detergent but decided to "risk it" since these are mostly used for smaller accidents.]Washing out poop is not as easy. Scrape out as much of the solids as possible (I use toilet paper and throw it in the toilet). After one or two pre-washes to remove the last of the solids, I washed as usual, but they still smelled terrible. Then I turned them inside out (this is where the odor was strongest) and washed hot/cold with a tiny bit of detergent and 20 Mule Team Borax. A sniff test proved them to be good as new afterwards!DRYING: These take awhile to dry. I turn them inside out and hang to air dry overnight (in front of the fireplace if it's lit). I will definitely line dry them once spring comes.  Know that high heat drying is terrible for PUL and WILL cause it to break down eventually!!!  If using low heat in the dryer, do not use dryer sheets as this will build up and interfere with absorbency!PRICE: I couldn't find a similar product for a better price online.CONS: These are probably a bit too absorbent and waterproof for regular use during potty training but work wonderfully when you need them!