I purchased the Bjorn Miracle off Amazon and later bought a secondhand Ergo carrier because I was intrigued by all the glowing reviews. I like them both though each have their pros and cons.The Bjorn allows the baby to face in or out. My son is now 6 months old and LOVES facing out. This is a huge plus as the hour before he goes to bed is generally his fussy period and putting him outward facing in the carrier is a surefire way to keep him content. He enjoys being able to watch me prep dinner, get his bedtime stuff together and do housework. With the Ergo, my son is comfortable but he does get frustrated (and therefore, squirmy) because he has to face in. I often have to find ways to distract him when he gets cranky about not being able to see what's happening around him. Finally, the Bjorn is incredibly easy to put on and reasonably comfortable - I can carry my son in it for about 1-1.5 hrs before my shoulders start to tire.The Ergo offers amazing support - far better than the Bjorn Miracle, in my opinion. I'm not sure if my frame is too small (I'm 5'5" and 110 lbs), but I can't seem to tighten the shoulder straps on the Bjorn enough to sufficiently distribute the weight across my hips and shoulders. When I carry my son in the Ergo, I can go at least 2-3 hours without feeling any strain. I did, however, find the Ergo a bit trickier at first to get the baby in and out of (although now that I've had lots of practice, it's not a problem). I also love that the Ergo wraps my son's legs around my waist and he's supported to the knees. It's helpful for me in that I can sit down easily with him in the carrier. With the Bjorn, the baby's legs dangle freely and so I've always found it awkward to sit with him strapped to me as they get in the way. I either have to sit with my upper body turned at an angle (so his legs fall on either side of my thighs or with my legs wide open so his legs fall between mine - awkward...)Overall, I like both and use the Bjorn at home and for quick errands and the Ergo for longer outings. The Ergo is definitely better for me while my baby seems to prefer the Bjorn. Each have their advantages and ultimately, it will depend on what features you want out of a carrier.