Every baby is different and this is never more apparent than when it comes to teething. What soothes one baby's gums makes another baby angry, and a third baby indifferent, and a fourth will find momentary relief that doesn't last longer than a split second... so when reviewing teethers (or reading reviews!) it's important to remember not to harp on how well it worked for any specific child. So, no, my son didn't take to this teether toy. I suppose I could give it one star and say it was a waste of money, but that wouldn't be right. My son refused all teether toys, all relief methods period,  except for a wet (not cold or frozen!) washcloth. Yes. Chewing on a wet washcloth all day long was apparently better than pacifiers, frozen fruit, orajel, chew toys, etc., etc. That doesn't mean I'm going to go give his washclothes 5 stars and then proceed to diss every other product I got him as useless! In fact, I don't think I would ever advise a parent to try a wet washcloth as their first line of defense for a tot with sore gums... I can't imagine very many babies find them as useful as my son has. My point? If you're considering this or any other teething products, don't worry about what any reviewer says about how useful the product was (or wasn't) for their specific child as that's useless information.Here's what you actually need to know.This teething toy was well made and stayed in fantastic condition through months of play (although no real chewing occurred, it was still put through the ringer). It's bright colors, different textures, and rattling sound made it a fun toy for my son even though he didn't chew on it. If I were to try just one teething toy for my child to test whether or not teethers helped him, I'd pick this one. We went through them all and this one was the closest to helping him of any others - it attracted his attention, he enjoyed playing with it - and this meant that whenever he WAS teething, he actually attempted many times to soothe himself with this toy. Teething toys just didn't help him, but if they had, this would have been our lifesaver. And thus, I don't regret buying it. Teething or not, this toy amused him, introduced a variety of colors and textures to see and feel at a very young age, fit his small hands well and made him happy. What more could you want from a simple infant toy?