MAY 2014 UPDATE: It took nearly two years but my bag is FINALLY empty! Two years of almost full-time CDing one peeing and pooping machine. So, if you're still squawking about the price, DON'T! 20 bucks for two years worth of squeaky clean dipes is an A-MAY-ZING value! So...I still heart you, RG. Thanks for keeping the stink at bay.ORIGINAL 2013 REVIEW: I'm not going to lie, I purchased Rockin Green out of last ditch desperation. I, like many other CD mommas in vehement denial (and because, well, I'm a cheap a**), thought that I could make 'regular' detergent work for my CD routine. And it did...for a while. That is, until I got a 'smell', nay, a 'stench'. This was NOT the normal hint of ammonia that comes from a diaper that simply needs to be rewashed. This, my friends, was a full blown barn yard-dy wretchedness that nearly made this momma double over. How could this happen?! We were so careful (sound like another life-altering situation...mehehe). Fear now crept up in my belly when I smelled a diaper that needed changing. I now loathed diaper time with the light of my life/reason for living/beautiful spawn...and I love changing my baby (I'm a weirdo, I know). It got so bad, that I was hesitant to hand my mini me off to others, fearing what they would think, and say, behind our not so fresh backs. When referring to her, would they whisper, "Oh, you mean the super cute one who smells like hot garbage?". Yes, that's her. She would forevermore be branded "the smelly kid", and all before her 1st birthday...my poor baby's elementary school persona predestined, all because her mom couldn't get her s*** together, literally and figuratively. Fast forward to today, when my bag of RG detergent arrived in the mail (from cottonbabies.com, BTW. It's cheaper and they're awesome for more than just stink control). I was a broken woman, I tell you, and waaaay more excited than was necessary (Note to self: I probably should apologize to the post man for hugging his pant leg. Hard.). Anyway...upon initial arrival of said bag, the small size (sorry, dudes) didn't quite ease my fears of her aforementioned imminent future. No larger than a 3/4 full gallon ziploc, I was far from convinced that this green bag full of "awesome" (their words) would be the answer to my prayers, never mind give me 90 loads of cleanly joyfulness. I have a HE washer and the instructions recommended a measly 1 tablespoon of detergent. ONE tablespoon?! I scoffed. No way would a fairy fart's worth of detergent touch what my baby's butt had brought to this party. But remember, I was a broken woman and thus willing to try anything (Voodoo...Check. Rubbing my genie lamp...Check. Rocking Green...Check). I prepared a load of diapers, crossed my fingers and toes, and waited. And waited. And when the last spin cycle was complete, I let out a long, anxious breath and prepared myself for yet another deep inhalation of nostril piercing funk, mixed with a hint of regret for what I had...and lost. My mind mentally prepared for the worst, I cautiously opened the door, stuck my head in, and took a deep inhale...And. It. Was. GLORIOUS! It smelled like...ABSOLUTELY NOTHING AT ALL! Hallelujah! Happy dance, happy dance! My stash was saved and my sweet baby's future wide open, all thanks to a fairy fart of Rockin Green. I will be forever indebted to you, RG. Love, a very happy, rockin' momma.