I recently purchased this bag for an upcoming plane trip. The bag itself is a lot bigger than I had anticipated, so I would definitely take out the measuring tape so you know what you are expecting size wise - both folded up and with the stroller inside. All folded up, it looks like it's about the size of a nice roller garment bag. It is definitely bigger than your average carry-on suitcase (not that you'd take this thing carry on, but just as a frame of reference re size.) I've got the bee and the graco adapter; both fit inside it, which is fantastic. You strap the stroller to the inside of the bag before you zip it all up and it seems very secure. It comes with a bag with a handle, which I think is really only useful if you have donkey, as you need to take the wheels off and put it into the bag. I put my rain cover in that extra bag and it fits perfectly in there. So when I travel, I think I will put the rain cover inside the extra bag, along with the stroller and graco adapter. The real test is when I actually use it. I decided to get this one vs the compact travel bag, as it seems like the stroller will be more protected. I think that was the right decision. It looks like all the bugaboo strollers can fit into this bag, so that is nice. It also comes with a nice shoulder strap. When the stroller is inside and everything is all zipped up, it wheels around very nicely, and the handling is smooth. The fabric. clips and straps all seem durable too, and the fabric seems like it's easy to clean. When it will be time to pack it up, when i'm at the gate, it may look a tad ridiculous because it is quite an operation to get it all in, but it's manageable. If you are traveling by yourself with the baby, I think it will be hard to manage ie holding the baby and packing it up. So I would recommend having someone hold the baby (like a nice airline gate attendant) while you're trying to wrangle with it. All in all, I am happy with my purchase. But again, the true test will happen we go on our trip. I am giving this 4 stars vs 5 just because the bag is a lot bigger even folded up than I had expected.UPDATE: We are now back from our trip and I can confirm that everything I wrote on the review holds true. I am keeping the four stars. The main goal was to keep our nice bee stroller protected during airplane travel and it definitely was. It had a few dust etc marks on the outside when we retrieved it, so I know it was definitely protecting the stroller. I even saw some strollers being loaded up into the belly of the plane before boarding and saw the handlers chucking them onto the plane. I felt bad about the strollers that were not wrapped up in any way and relieved to know ours was tucked away safely. Also, the graco attachment and the bag with the rain gear fit in perfectly. I even had room to fit in my raincoat which I did not need during the flight. The reason why it's not 5 stars? The size. When folded up and not in use, it's a bit awkward. And if you don't fold up exactly right, the shoulder strap can be off and the whole thing is wonky and annoying, especially if you are trying to walk with it. Also, lugging the thing through security to the gate is kind of awkward and a pain. And when it's time to put the stroller into the actual thing, it's kind of an ordeal. You take up soooo much room, because all laid out the thing is HUGE, it has a big footprint. But by the last leg of our trip, I became a pro and was pretty fast in zipping it all up. All of the airline staff watched in amazement as I unwrapped this huge thing and then put in our stroller. But at the end of the day, it did its primary job and protected our stroller. I am happy with the purchase and I am sure we will use this again when we travel.