This product is FANTASTIC!!!  I am 32, 38 weeks pregnant with my second child and put this thing together in 20 minutes.  Everything was packaged well and arrived undamaged.  I have another child and had a Graco with her...I cannot believe the difference in quality.  I mean my mouth hit the floor as I was putting this thing together.WHAT I LOVE ABOUT THIS TRAVEL SYSTEM:1) Easy to put together2) When adding the foot rest it showed an area where you can tighten the bolt if the front wheel wobbles.  It also included an extra screw to attach the foot rest.  I thought that was awesome.3) Each piece went on, screwed on, and snapped on in a breeze.4) When inspecting the canopy on the stroller I noticed the side had a zipper and I assumed maybe this opened a ventilation of some sort, but no...to my surprise it was a zipper pocket and then below it there was a velcro pocket...I thought...wow...then I decided to look on the other side and it had it too!  I was practically jumping.5) The inside seat sides on the stroller has a mesh pocket, which this and the above was never mentioned when I looked at the product online.  I was thrilled with this discovery as well.6) The carseat is really nice, fabric is high quality on the carseat and stroller.  Fabric on carseat has nice comfy padding...unlike the Graco I had in the past.  The material and padding reminded me more of the Britax that my daughter now uses and that my son will use when he is 1.7) I really like the handle on the carseat, you can carry it with one hand and it has a very comfortable rubber grip.8) Stroller has trigger release to close, very easy to use.9) I love the switch that you can flip under the foot rest to either lock or unlock the front swivel wheel.10) Instructions said the tires came non-inflated, mine were ready to go out of the box...thank you!* The only negative comment I have is that the storage basket is a little small.  This in my mind is very minor as my overall impression with the stroller/carseat combo is phenomenal.* I would recommend this to a friend.  I would buy this again and again.* You will not regret this combination!!!* I also noticed that some people mentioned that the carseat when put into the stroller does not lay in a full reclining position for baby.  Well I had this issue at first as well, however I found that there are two red tabs (one on each side of the stroller) on the stroller that need to be drawn up, once these are drawn up the carseat fully latches and clicks down onto the tray in a normal reclined position for baby.  You then pull those same tabs back down toward the carseat to lock the bottom in place.  It is hard to read or understand this from the instructions.