When our granddaughter was born she wanted nothing to do with a pacifier. We tried all of the newborn pacifiers to soothe her and nothing. While searching I came across the Wubbanubs and thought maybe this would do the trick. The Wubbanubs was one of the first pacifier she actually kept in her mouth.What is so unique about the Wubbanubs is the latex-free pacifier is attached to a tiny stuffed animal.  The animal acts as a weight in such a way that the pacifier stays in their little mouths easier. The pacifier is a one piece unit that has a hole large enough you can use your finger to guide the pacifier safely around their mouth until they child can latch on correctly. The stuffed animal also acts as a toy for them to feel and play with when they are old enough.The one drawback to this pacifier is it is not meant for children with teeth. This limits the use of this pacifier to about infancy to around 4 months old. This pacifier would be a perfect toy for an older child and hopefully the pacifier can be made to withstand teeth.  The other drawback is you cannot sterilize the pacifier since it is permanently attached to the stuffed animal. Handwashing is the only option and the stuffed animal is should be spot cleaned.Overall, the Wubbanubs is a fun combination of a pacifier and stuffed toy. The pacifier does stay in our granddaughter’s tiny little mouth she is only 2 months old. She does not like any other pacifier, but seems to tolerate this one. The length of the pacifier is slightly longer than other infant pacifiers which pose some issues with infants. The weight of the stuffed animal seems to be the key to the pacifier staying in the baby’s mouth. To clean we washed the pacifier with soap and water and poured some boiled hot water over as much of the pacifier as we could. We are pleased for the most part and as long as she will use it then it’s a keeper in our book. I would recommend the Wubbanubs pacifier if your baby does not like pacifiers or you just like the look of them.