I like this car seat.  I purchased it because of the great safety ratings, but it is also cute, gender-neutral, and very cushony.  My daughter did get hot and sweaty in it sometimes.  She never liked riding in the car until she got old enough to sit upright in her convertable seat and play with her toys, but I don't think it was the car seat's fault.  I like that you can buy additional bases so that you can snap the car seat into different cars without having to mess with the car attachments.  It snaps in very easily.  Sometimes it was a little difficult to snap back out.  I made the mistake of also snapping into the top section of shopping carts before I learned how dangerous that is ... please don't do that!  (Thankfully we never had any mishaps.)The stroller is nice but very bulky.  It takes up most of the trunk space and doesn't fit through airport secutiy machines so they have to take it check it by hand.  However, I like the shade and the under-stroller storage.  It does fold up very easily one handed, but it's too heavy to lift one-handed, and I could never get the hang of unfolding it one-handed without tipping it over.  (The reason this is important for you new moms and dads is that you are often carrying baby in the other arm.)If I had it to do all over again, I would probably purchase just a car seat and two bases (for the two cars), and get a really nice baby carrier like an ergo to carry the baby around in.  It seems like it would be really convenient to be able to transfer a sleeping baby from the car to the stroller without waking him/her, but in reality my baby never slept in the car.  Since she hated riding in the car so much, she pretty much cried the whole time.  Then she just wanted to be held.  I would try to get her to go in the stroller, but ultimately ended up carrying her and pushing an empty stroller around more than half the time.  So it would have been easier and more convenient to just put her in a baby carrier and walk around hands free, and she would have been happier, too.