I couldn't believe how much time I had to spend each day trying to get stains out of clothes. And with winter coming up, I wanted to get long sleeve bibs, which for some reason I haven't seen in Babies R Us or any other store. Every bib I got seemed to have some issue, but I thought it might be helpful for others to see a comparison of the details:SIZEKushies - the smallest of the three bibs (sleeve - 11 inches from neck, width - 10 inches, length - 13 inches from neck).Ikea - sleeve (14 inches from neck, including a 1 inch fabric cuff), width (12 inches from one seam to another but another 8 inches that wrap around - yea!!), length (14 inches from neck)Bumpkins - sleeve (14.5 inches from neck), width (13.5 inches), length (12.5 from neck)Tidy Turtle - the largest (sleeve - 16 inches from neck, width - 14 inches, legth - 15 inches from neck)MATERIALKushies and Ikea are very thin, like umbrella material. Kusies folds down to nothing - great for a full diaper bag. Ikea folds a little thicker due to cloth cuffs and extra fabric. Tidy Turtle and Bumpkins are thicker and stiffer. Tidy Turtle has a visibly larger weave.CUFFSAll the sleeves have a 3-inch opening (in diameter).Kushies - no elastic cuff. Food may fall in and drip onto the baby's arms/clothes.Ikea - 1 inch of soft spandex fabric. The cuff opening is just a little bit smaller than the other bibs.Bumpkins and Tidy Turtle - elastic sewn inside the bib material.NECK CLOSUREMy 20lb baby has a skinny neck. Unfortunately, all of the bibs are about the same size around the neck, regardless of what type of closure. Bumpkins ties together at the neck, and the others have velcro. Even they are supposed to be "adjustable" velcro, they are all about the same size opening on the smallest setting. With velcro, you also have to make sure you stick it together before washing. Otherwise, it will stick to and ruin your other clothes.In general, all the long sleeve bibs seem too big for my my 1 year old and were too big around the neck area. Sometimes I use a clothes pin to make the neck opening smaller. Aside from that, I feel that Bumpkins and Ikea provide the best coverage without being too big. They are wide and long enough on the bottom and have an elastic cuff to keep Baby's clothes clean. I like Ikea's thinner material and spandex cuffs, but Bumpkins looks cuter (we love Cat in the Hat).