Oh man!  I am so excited about this bag.  Let me preface the review with this- I travel by myself ALL the time with my two children- currently ages 3 and 1.  I fly about once a month, 99% of the time without my husband.  I have a system down and it works for me.  People think I'm nuts, but I've got it down pat.  I currently take with me- a double stroller that I push with my left hand, my two kids, the infant car seat that I carried on the crook of my eft arm arm, the diaper bag that goes in the infant car seat, the older car seat which goes in a sling bag I carry over my shoulder/back, a big suitcase that I pull with my right hand, and a carryon for my daughter that I sit/attach to the top of the big suitcase.  Needless to say, I need something *good* to transport another big car seat since we now have to upgrade.This thing arrived the day after I ordered it.  I was a little hesitant because of the other reviews that said their car seats don't fit.... I bought the Gracco Nautilus 3 in 1 at the same time and it fits fine.  There is even room to spare, so I'm not really sure what other people are having trouble with.  If you lay it down on its back, its super easy to put in.  Try again- I promise, it fits.The quality of the fabric is awesome, way better than the other bag I have for the other car seat.  Its super thick and seems quite durable.  It has hidden backpack straps in case you don't want to roll it. I tried it on immediately with my new carseat in it and this thing rocks.  Its super easy to carry and wheels awesomely if you don't want to wear it.  I tried a couple combinations (trying to see if I can carry the other car seat on my back as before)- wearing the other car seat on my back and this in the front I dont think will work too well- I dont recommend as a front pack- it can be done, but you can't really reach around to push the stroller, or see the kids.  So, I think my plan is to just attach this little bugger to my suitcase and wheel the whole shabang as one unit (yes!  It has a loop up top to attach!).  It has pockets on the side for last minute things you want to stuff.I haven't actually taken this thing on a trip yet, but I did walk around my apartment for a bit and I'm in love.  I'm going to see if my Brittax Marathon fits in here (which is should since its dimensions are smaller than the Gracco) and if it does, I'm buying another one of these bad boys.  Seriously---- its so cool.  Get one.  It's worth the $70.