I resolved before my daughter was born to make my own baby food for her when the time came.  I read reviews for every other baby food maker I could find.  So why did I end up buying a model that had not yet been reviewed, and was relatively expensive compared to the other, more common baby food makers?First, I was looking for something superlatively efficient.  I wanted consistent results from a compact machine.  For the price I was willing to pay, the Cuisinart brand is a proven performer, and this machine lives up to the name.  Admittedly, I've only had it a couple of weeks and used it a few times, but I'm very happy with the results so far.  I've followed the directions exactly in terms of water amount and the size of the diced food I put in to be steamed, and the resulting puree has been perfectly consistent.  I also love the efficiency of having all the steaming and pureeing in one bowl -- just turning a 3-position dial couldn't be easier.I haven't used the bottle warming function on this or any comparable machine.I like the size - it's about the size of a small coffee maker, like you might find in a hotel room. It has a small footprint and is unimposing on the countertop -- it doesn't scream 'baby appliance.' I'd love a model in black or stainless, but I'm not crazy enough about aesthetics to mind.Now, this isn't essential to the review, but a tidbit for those who will otherwise spend (waste) time wondering about the measuring cup like I did -- as far as I can tell, the strange cylindrical indentation on the bottom serves a few purposes - allows for easier measurement of the small amount of water needed for the bottle warming function, displaces enough volume in the main chamber of the cup so that the markings don't overlay the rubber strip, and sits slightly off-center in the bottom of the measuring cup so that it will be easier to pour water out of it when you use it to measure water for bottle-warming.  For the OCD geek types out there, you're welcome. ;)*UPDATE*The machine is still performing superbly.  I've now made an assortment of veggies, fruits, and meat purees and have yet to find a complaint about the consistency or function of the appliance.  It's so easy to throw the bowl, blade, lid (and occasionally, measuring cup) in the top rack of the dishwasher.