We travel a lot and my husband hates to wait for our gate-checked stroller to make it up to the jetway (it can lead to longer waits elsewhere, like customs and passport control).  I looked everywhere for a stroller we could bring on board the plane with us and finally found the one!  This stroller folds down well smaller than airline carry-on requirements and does it in one easy step!  Then you through the thing over your shoulder using the attached strap.  It's genius.The stroller comes in two parts:  a frame and the fabric area where your little one sits.  The fabric comes in several colors (I ended up with the purple, which is more of an eggplant, since we needed it in a rush and it was the only color available on Amazon Prime...but it's surprisingly not bad for a purple stroller!).  The fabric was easy to attach to the stroller frame, although it took a little more force than I initially thought to click the attachments on.  Quinny includes directions in the packaging, but I found their online video showing how it's done to be perfectly sufficient (and it shows you two ways to close the stroller rather than the just one way shown in the directions in box...I find the second option in the video to be the easiest, especially if I'm in sandals or flip flops).My 14 month old immediately wanted to get in the stroller and roll around the house, which is amazing because he's not a big stroller lover.  He spent the rest of the night wanting to get in and out until I finally hid the stroller from view.Traveling with this was a dream!  We were able to put it through the xray machines with no problem (and if you've used a larger stroller, you know how you have to put it in a certain direction, sometimes have to flip it over or push it down, etc. so it fits...none of that with the Yezz).  Folding it down was super easy and unfolding it after xray was also a breeze.  When it was time to board, we folded it down and walked on the plane with it over our shoulder, and husband was in heaven when we walked off the plane with the Yezz, popped it open and walked away without any waiting.It was also great to have at Disneyland on an extremely busy holiday weekend.  When we found it impossible and potentially dangerous to keep pushing baby through the crowds, we took him out, popped the Yezz closed, threw it over our shoulder, and walked freely through the crowd.No, it doesn't have recline or a luggage carrier underneath, but it is very light weight, easy to drive on most surfaces (and amazing on smooth flooring), folds and unfolds easily, and most importantly, folds down tiny in one step.  It's the perfect travel stroller for an older baby.  Plus, the seat is large enough that an older child should also fit comfortably.  Also, baby had no problem taking a nap in it; although I (being his mama) wished I could fold him back, he slept just fine while in motion and standing still.A note on opening and closing:  I found it a bit difficult to open the Yezz all the way at first.  It would open nearly all the way and then need me to push really hard to open the rest of the way.  I think this was due to it being new.  The more often we opened, closed, and used the Yezz, the easier it became to open it all the way.A note on driving:  the Yezz uses inline wheels that are skinnier and smaller than many stroller tires and they don't have shock absorption.  Accordingly, it was sometimes harder to roll over things or along things, such as street car tracks or deep cobblestones, than it would have been with a larger stroller with thicker and bigger wheels.  It didn't make a difference for baby, other than a slightly bumpy ride, but I had to plan where to roll the stroller more than with another kind of stroller.  This would not be a good stroller for trails or very bumpy roads.  On indoor floors, it feels as smooth as glass and turns on a dime.Some will say that it's basically the same as a cheap umbrella stroller at a much higher price.  I thought the same thing, so checked out every small umbrella I could to compare before buying.  The Yezz is not a cheap stroller, but folds up smaller than any umbrella, stands taller and is easier to push than an umbrella, is more maneuverable than an umbrella, and has a much higher quality seat that increases comfort for your little one.  For us, it was exactly what we needed for a traveling stroller!