I spent a week researching all the cutest swings, every review, down to the last feature and had my mind set I was going to get the Fisher-Price Sungabunny Cradle n' Swing.  I had read some reviews that the Sunagbunny sometimes had a small motor noise so I decided to go to Toys R Us in case I needed to exchange it, it would be faster.  Immediately I saw the Ingenuity InLighten swing and I had never heard of it before. The box said that it's a Babies R Us Exclusive.  So is the newest Motorola baby monitor and I love love love that.  So they seem to make only top quality products exclusives.Visually the Ingenuity InLighten was nicer, I'm not a fan of the Sunabunny control panel or it's brown color.  The Ingenuity control panel was much more my style.The seat's fabric is softer and had less clutter.It has color changing lights on the mobile.A place to put your iphone/ipod and plug it into the speaker system.  The phone/ipod compartment is completely clear.  I realized later that it's so you can put your phone screen side down and set your pictures to rotate or play a movie and the baby can look up at it from down in the swing. How cool is that!The only thing I didn't like was (like the reviewer above mentioned) when the swing was turned sideways the seat looked like it tilted catercorner, like the baby would slide sideways. I thought surely it was just a jacked up display model. I drug the swing to the floor and inspected it and could see no way that the bar was bent or assembled incorrectly.  After about 20 minutes of standing in that aisle I had a Wembleisum (Fraggle Rock reference) and could take it no more, my Sunabunny with hundreds of great reviews or the InLighten with better colors and some really cool features but no reviews to refer to and a tilted seat.  I bought both and would return one of them later.The InLighten was extremely easy to build.  The structure is sound and stable.The seat on mine turned out a little tilted in the sideways position too but when the baby is in it, it weights it down more and it's not a huge issue like I was worried it would be. She does not slide out or even slide to the side of the seat. She's completely comfortable and safe. I have no worries about the slight tilt of the seat.The harness is easy to put on and comfortable and my little one hates seat belts.  The fabric cover velcros over the snaps and protects her from the hard plastic nicely.The seat rotates without having to push a button and I like that better.  The Snugabunny has a button up top that you have to push to rotate the seat, the Inlighten has more of a free rotate and you can feel the seat snap into place at different directions, but it also allows me to have the seat turned to an in-between position to face me when I'm in the kitchen etc. The rotation is silent and I can turn her around without waking her up.Our baby LOVES the lights.  As soon as I put her in she looks up as if to say, Mommy turn on the lights.  There are star punch-outs on the light cover and I thought it would make stars on the ceiling but it does not. At least not with vaulted ceilings, I've yet to try it in a regular height room.The swing motor is completely silent! And moves freely without issue.  The range of speeds are good, not too fast not too slow.It plugs in so you don't have to use up batteries.  There is one feature that requires a battery and it's on the seat, there's a switch for vibration and it takes one C battery.  I don't remember the Snugabunny having any vibration feature.The cows on the mobile are cute and spin.  The lights and the spinning cows have separate buttons so you don't have to have one to have the other.The prerecorded songs are actually nice! I hate the music of all of her other toys. That yucky electronic sounding music.  The InLighten's music is much nicer than any others I'v heard. I actually turn them on. And the songs are different than the same old ones the others use.We've been using the InLighten for a week now and we absolutely love it. Every feature. So much so we decided to not even take the Snugabunny out of the box to try it; it would be a waste of time.  We love the InLighten so much we know it's the one we're keeping and returned the other.