We've owned this ZOpid system (with one additional camera) for about five months now, and we couldn't be much happier.I first became acquainted with video baby monitors when our daughter was very young. We purchased a monitor so we could see her, and it *did* work, but not as well as we would have liked. There was always interference from other devices, be they other baby monitors in the neighborhood, our own wireless network, or even local radio stations. (Seriously; we could hear the radio sometimes.) Still, because of the price, we bought a second one when our son came along, which left us with two monitors on my bedside table while compounding the aforementioned problems.Fast forward a few years: we finally decided that if we're going to do this, we need to do it right. Our children are now four and three, but we have a rather large house, so a monitor is really quite helpful. We wanted something with a decent picture, zero interference, and capable of handling at least three cameras (for when the new baby comes). On all of these points, the ZOpid excels.Regarding the complaints I've read on here, I can completely empathize: one of the first cameras we received was broken, right out of the box. I contacted the company; they were extremely helpful in trying to troubleshoot the problem, and when it became obvious that it just wasn't going to be resolved, they immediately dispatched a replacement camera (including a postage paid return label, for the old one). In my book, that's completely acceptable: *anything* can arrive broken; what's important is how the company resolves the issue.Realistically, I've only had two problems with these cameras: the first is that, during the brief pause when the monitor switches between cameras, the screen defaults to a solid blue background. In a darkened room, this has the same effect as a flash of lightning. When I emailed the company about this, they actually took the time to call me and discuss my concern, so they could come up with a good way to resolve it. The answer: they are changing the background (perhaps to black?) in their next firmware update. Until then, they suggested I use the power-saving mode, which darkens the screen until noise is detected. This has proved to be an *extremely* acceptable solution, and I expect we will continue to use it, even after said firmware update is released.The second problem is something I probably noticed because of our experience with having two separate monitors: since the single monitor switches between cameras at user-defined intervals (in our case, every 15 seconds), there are 15 (more like 19, including the pause) seconds during which a given child isn't being heard. Once a third camera is introduced, that number goes up to about 34 out of every 45 seconds that any given child isn't being monitored. Again, I called ZOpid to discuss my concern; they suggested the best solution would be a new option (added via firmware) that would use the camera's audio sensor to activate the monitor. In other words, if Camera 3 is active and the baby near Camera 1 starts crying, the monitor automatically switches to Camera 1. Again: a *very* acceptable solution.The bottom line is that the cameras are quite good--perhaps not what you'd get from a system costing thousands of dollars, but certainly great quality for the price range. It's the customer service, however, that makes ZOpid really stellar. Not many companies take user feedback as seriously as they seem to, and *that* is what earns them that fifth star.