It is very rare in this day and age that I have to buy something without having the luxury of reading an Amazon review. I finally get the chance to give back a little, by providing the first review on the Graco twisting travel potty.Before I start, let me point out that this item retails at 15.99$ at other online retailers.Pros:-Very sturdy, the child's weight rests on a large surface area, rather than a couple of flimsy legs-Great ground clearance for a travel potty. Clearance can easily and quickly be adjusted by a twist of the drum, and ranges from 4 inches (fully closed) to 6 inches.-Seat design allows for the plastic bag insert not to be in direct contact with the skin (a huge plus in our case as my daughter hates the feel of a wrinkled plastic bag on her bum)-Perfect for smaller bums. The diameter of the green seat are as follow: 6'' inner, 8 5/8'' outer.Not quite cons:-Comes with 10 plastic bags, and refills cannot be bought separately for those who wish to have a 'kit'.  I have instead been using regular kitchen trash bags and add a napkin to help soak some of the fluids. The 10 Graco plastic bags provided with the potty were on the small size anyways and therefore difficult to tie off.-Still very portable but larger than some other travel potties, namely the Pottete Plus. Dimensions of the Graco when compacted are as follows: 4'' tall, 9 inches wide, 10 inches long. The 1 inch difference between width and length is attributable to a small handle at the back of the seat.-No 'stop' mechanism when untwisting the potty and setting its height. By this I mean that if you are in a hurry, you could end up untwisting the two section aparts and have to put them back together. Not a big deal, just something to keep in mind when time is of the essence.Comparison between the Graco twisting travel potty and the Pottete Plus travel potty:Before diving into the technical points, I will point out that the Pottete, when used as a potty on its own (i.e. not as a toilet adaptor), needs to have its feet 'anchored' in place. If you look underneath, you'll see four rails, and four anchor points. These need to be popped in place for the Pottete to be used correctly. Otherwise, the legs can, and will collapse under the weight of a child. The review below assumes that the legs are therefore correctly secured.-Sturdiness: Graco wins. The Graco is sturdier due to the larger surface area that comes in contact with the ground. Even when the legs are properly secured, the Pottete can easily be swung sideways by a fidgety toddler (like mine is!).-Portability: Pottete wins. The Pottete, at 2 7/8 inches high, 9 5/8 inches wide and 9 1/2 inches deep,  folds quite compactly and can definitely be carried in smaller bags. The Graco is still a good and practical option, but does require more space, at 4'' tall, 9 inches wide, 10 inches long. The height difference might seem small on paper, but it is noticeable in real life.-Ground clearance: Graco wins. The Graco can be adjusted for height (4 to 6 inches off the ground) and offers the child a reasonable seat height-wise. The Pottete is very low to the ground (4 inches), and requires the child to partially squat, which some kids are less keen on.-Skin contact: Graco wins. The Graco green flip seat means that the plastic bag doesn't come in contact with skin. On the Pottete, the toddler has to sit on the wrinkled plastic bag, which can be a distraction and an issue for some toddlers.-Features: Pottete wins. The Pottete can be converted into a toilet seat adaptor. I have never used it in this function so I cannot comment on its usefulness.-Fit and comfort: Graco wins. Graco is better suited for toddlers' varying heights, weights and shapes. For reference purposes, my now 21 month, 29 lbs and 34 inch daughter fell straight through the Pottete seat. Her bum was too small for the seat, and she was unable to squat on the Pottete. On the other hand, the Graco flip seat was able to accomodate her size and she seemed far more comfortable overall.-Ease of use: Graco wins. The Graco can be quickly set up and put away with a couple turns of the drum. By comparison, the Pottete is finicky. You must secure the feet by popping four different anchor points, with a good amount of pressure to be applied. Putting the Pottete away can be a bit of pain, you have to 'unpop' the anchor points, and more often than not, a part of the leg ends up unpopping altogether, and you then have to play around until the anchor is just at the right setting. Not fun with a squirming toddler who runs their hands on dirty unhygienic places in the meantime!-Hygiene: Graco wins. Both devices are equally easy to clean. That being said, the Pottete requires you to play with the folding legs as you have to 'unpop' the anchor points. In order for me to pull hard enough to unpop the anchor, I usually end up having to touch the underside of the legs, which has been in contact with the ground. Not an issue in known places, but definitely not great for public bathrooms.