This looks sooo cute in person! It also seems really comfortable. We bought a support cushion to put into this car seat to make it more comfortable for baby but it's already surprisingly cushy! Anyway, aside from comfort and looks, it also seems very sturdy. It seems to be well made and secure with great instructions. So long as you follow the instructions exactly as you are supposed to, it seems to be very secure and solid. The handle is awesome! Definitely a plus if you intend to carry this thing around at all. Also, I was not aware that this item CAME WITH the convenient base! I was considering ordering it so I'm glad I didn't! What a great deal! The base alone is $20 if purchased separately! One reviewer here complained that the front is too difficult to unlatch from the base and I would just like to say that while it does seem to like to hang onto it a little bit, you just have to tilt it at the right angle to get it off and I would MUCH rather that that front clip do its job a little too well than not hang onto it well enough, y'know?? It's there for safety, it's got to have a good latch on it. So I'm happy with that, personally. Seems like you just have to pull it off correctly if you want it to let go. Which, of course, involves tilting the car seat forward to a reasonable degree. Another complaint I've read is that the top straps are SO difficult to tighten or loosen from the back. Well, I disagree. There are two lever-like button things in the back right where you pull the straps tighter or loosen them and you HAVE to push on those in order to release the straps for tightening or loosening. If you don't, yeah, it's a lot harder to get them to move. But of course it is. That's why those things are there - to keep the straps secured in place. If you read the directions, it explains all of this very clearly. I had no problem loosening or tightening the straps while using that feature. I also didn't know that the seat comes with a metal clip if you need one for your particular type of car. It's snapped into little clips on the seat underneath in case you need it, where the directions are also kept. Another bonus - I didn't realize that the seat came with a little adjustable, removable awning! Very, very cute! I also love that the cover is removable for easy cleaning and appears to be made from a good material for messy little babies. I couldn't be happier with this car seat. And I couldn't imagine thinking that it's too feminine for a boy, BTW! Or too masculine for a girl, for that matter. It's an aqua color with little white, blue and green dots. I would consider this seat perfectly unisex and perfectly adorable! :) Highly recommended!