I had major issues with my son getting into the toilet until I got this.  I mean, at first it was little things-like I had to instruct everyone that entered my house not to leave the toilet seat up.  Then I tried keeping him out of the bathroom, but that didn't work.  So I was left with my son constantly going straight for the toilet, and throwing in whatever he could find, or that he thought needed a "bath."Unfortunately, there were many times when I caught him "too late" and wasn't sure how much he had "played" in the potty, so he also immediately got a bath.  Needless to say, I was more than ready for an end to the toilet playing....After hours (and boy do I mean hours...) of researching, I finally decided on this.  I had read reviews on another toilet lock that actually went into the toilet-and that just didn't seem like the kind of lock I wanted.  After ordering, I tracked this package, and waited (im)patiently for this to arrive.  As soon as it did, I tore open the package, read the directions, and began putting it on.  All you need is a clean toilet lid.  I made sure that I had enough room to comfortably move the latch when in use, and that it was placed in the middle of the seat.Setup literally took less than a minute, and has saved me countless hours of digging items out of the toilet, washing off my 20 month old son, and there is no telling how much it has saved me in not having to replace phones or other valuable items that he thought needed to be in the toilet.It should be noted that if you are using this, you will NOT be able to use a toilet seat cover, unless you want to make a huge cut in this item.  I did order this a few months ago, and the adhesive is still holding strong, and I have absolutely ZERO complaints whatsoever!I was so excited (as another reviewer was) to receive this and see it in action-and it did not disappoint!!!  I watched my son enter the bathroom, and immediately head for the toilet.  The pushed and pulled the lever, and did the same thing with the toilet seat...to no avail.  I may or may not have stifled a laugh, and finally felt that I could breathe just a little bit easier in my house.Would DEFINITELY purchase again, if needed!Hannah Booth*Edit 20 NOV 2014.  This continued to work absolutely great after almost an entire year.  In fact, my son had completely forgot about playing in the potty until something devastating happened.  See, I work in a men's max security prison, and I have a lot of friends that refuse to be beat by a child safety toilet lock...so when one of my sergeants came over and asked to use the restroom, I didn't think too much of it...until I went to the restroom later and realized that it was broken : (I was pretty heartbroken, because this thing has been a lifesaver and the adhesive wasn't budging a bit after almost a year.  My Sgt thought if he just kept pulling harder that he could get it to release, and in doing so he broke it, but it "went back" sort of...so after giving him a guilt trip, I purchased another one.Remember that if (for some reason something like this happens to you) to clean off all the adhesive residue.  I thought I had gotten all of it off, but the new one wouldn't stick very well...and make absolutely positively sure that all guests know how to use this thing.  It's not complicated, but it doesn't look like it opens the way it actually does (which is actually great for when it comes to toddlers...bad when it comes to adults.)  I used to joke that it is adult and child-proof...but it's actually just child proof because determined, stubborn adults can (and will) break the darn thing.Hannah Booth