I simply love this thing.  It's like a newborn command console.  For those who want to have the baby sleep in their room for a while (before moving to nursery), I recommend you seriously consider this set-up option.  It took less room than I thought (that's subjective, so break out your measuring tape to know if it's right for you.)  It's awesome to have to the "napper" (which the newborn sleeps in all the time) and changing table right there.  I can also use it for when he outgrows the napper for the pack and play part.  I feel like there was excellent value for the money. My husband did not find it difficult to put together.  He recommends just embracing the modularity of pack and play; there will be MANY pieces but just group the pieces for each of the modular items and start with the essentials and build from there.  It will take a little extra organizational prep work in the beginning, but you should see results on as the pieces go together.  The napper WILL have a slight incline, which concerned us so we asked the nurse practioner.  Not only is it totally fine, she liked the slight incline, stating she thought it helped with reflux (it's back to sleep, not completely flat back to sleep).  Of course, you should talk to your doctor or ask questions in [insert any variety of baby prep class] if you are at all concerned.  While I trust Graco isn't going to knowledgeably sell a dangerous product, it was nice to have the nurse give the thumbs up.Some the concerns state in other reviews are valid, so I do underscore the following cons:- The side pockets for storing baby wipes etc are flimsy.  We are still able to use them.  If you are hard on gear they might not work for you.  If you love everything else about this thing, recommend you don't let that deter you.  The rest of the product is sturdy and you could easily MacGyver a different hanging storage solution.- Once that napper is on, it's on.  If you are looking for a pack and play that has an easy to remove napper, while I love this thing a lot for my situation, it likely is not the right one for yours.- We think the changing table is slight canted.  Also- get liners for it (recommend at least one package of three) to put down over the surface.  It's cleaner in the long run anyway, and the newborn is gonna squall something fierce if he/she touches the material.  In a 70 degree room, the changer's defacto material really retains cold (filed under: obvious things you realize late at night).Hope that helps those looking at pack and plays- best of luck in your search!