As expecting parents, my wife and I had succumbed to the fiendish marketing techniques of companies putting out baby products, and purchased the Disney - Music & Lights Walker, Peek a Pooh.  Needless to say, this review is not about that product; however, that is the basis for my comparison and why I feel this Chicco product deserves 5 stars.  First and foremost, the mere fact my 8 month old could touch the floor while sitting in this walker (3 height adjustments) had already put this walker leagues apart from the other product.  It was so rewarding to see my son play for 3 hours straight in this walker when I first put him in it.  He was blazing through the house non-stop (floor and carpet).Now that I've had this walker for several months now, I can report that the quality of this product is outstanding, particularly the build quality.  My son is currently 22 pounds and loves to stand in the walker and bounce, quite vigorously, but the walker is sturdy and sound.  The wheels are excellent and allow the child to maneuver with ease; I especially appreciate the soft rubber wheels on the back.The safety mechanisms or breaks on the walker function extremely well and will bring the child to a screeching halt.  I tried pushing/pulling an empty walker off an edge from multiple angles and I feel confident that this safety measure will perform exactly how it's described.The toy on this walker snaps in the walker base and is very sturdy, and does not fall out. It can be easily removed for cleaning, which is a nice feature.  It is extremely entertaining and is not annoying by any stretch of the imagination.  For several months now, my son has drooled, spit up, spilled fluids, smashed it with his hands as hard as he could, and chewed on it and I have yet to see any degradation in the product.  I'll be honest, I was initially worried about the design of the buttons because liquids could get into the components, but apparently that doesn't matter.  Absolutely amazing!Finally, the MP3 functionality is actually quite nice, the storage compartment is a little tight, but with slim form MP3 players it shouldn't pose a problem.  The speaker works great in my opinion, but I have realistic expectations, I don't expect to feel the bass vibrations as my son walks by in his walker.  This is an excellent product and I highly recommend this to anyone considering a walker.