Over the past two years we've owned a total of 7 mats I think at this point from four different brands.  So I think it's safe to say I've had more than my share of experience when it comes to foam mats.  These have a good color variety, but that's about it.These mats are almost identical to another set we have by a brand called Norsk, with the following differences:* Norks Mats are much cheaper (we got ours in 6pks from Kmart a while ago, no longer available there, but they are sold in 4pks directly from Norsk for $16; free shipping if you buy 2 or more; so you'd get 8 pieces for just $2 more than this set)* The Norsk mats are slightly thicker - just barely (described as being 1/2" thick, but are just under that really - but still thicker than these, which are described as being 3/8" - I've laid them down next to each other to check this).* The Norsk Mats only include 4 colors (red, green, yellow, blue); I admit - I much prefer the color variety of these mats, but not enough to justify the price difference.Here's the Norsk Mats on Amazon - but if you go to their website you'll see they're sold for just under $16 - but with free shipping (when buying 2+):Norsk-Stor 240147 Solid Color Recyclamat Multi-Purpose Foam Flooring, Multi-Color, 4-PieceThe best mats we own are the ones by Edushape.  They're definitely also the priciest we've owned, but well worth it.  We own two of them (well - technically three - but 2 different types) - 2 of these: Edushape Edu-Tiles 25 Piece Solid Play Mat with Edges & Corners (which were price slightly lower than they are now when we bought them - $18/piece) and after getting these we decided to also get their alphabet mat: Edushape Edu-Tiles 36 Piece 6x6ft Play Mat, Letters & Numbers Set.  Both of these are well worth the money if your budget allows for that.  They're significantly thicker than any other mat we've ever owned - which makes a HUGE difference when it comes to the alphabet set - or any set that involves removable pieces.  The thinner ones do not stay together - they will fall apart just from you walking on them.  That's not a problem with this mat - the only reason the letters come out is because my son has taken them out.And the last brand we've tried is the tadpoles brand.  I suggest avoiding them entirely.  We owned two of these mats & had pitched them both within months.  They look really cute - have great color schemes - but unless these are not going to be in a high traffic (or high-play) area - they're completely useless.  After a few weeks ours would not stay together and my son wasn't even crawling yet - meaning he would sit in one area at a time & they were coming apart just from us walking around on them.  The ones we owned (& threw out) were the Tadpoles 36 Sq Ft ABC Floor Mat, Green/Brown and the Tadpoles 16 Piece Squared Playmat Set, Blue/Brown.  Both a complete waste of money.  Maybe if you're just using this for a visiting grandchild or relative - but otherwise, don't bother with these.So - overall - these mats are OK...the only real complaint I have is the cost since these are comparable to the cheaper alternative I already own.  But the colors are great, the set is a big one that covers a good space, and if it weren't for the lower price elsewhere I really wouldn't have anything negative to say about these.