My wife and I were looking for a simple, effective, and aesthetically unobtrusive solution for the windows in our home.  We have 3 little ones 4 years old and younger, and it is impossible to keep track of them all.  The 4-year-old has figured out how to unlock windows, and we needed something to keep our peace of mind.Before jumping in whole hog on this solution, I thought I would buy one set and install it.  When I say "set", I mean that you get 2 devices per purchase.  Reading the instructions, one would think that you could get by with just the left side OR right side of your window secured, but we intend to install the locks on BOTH sides of each window for extra peace of mind.  Consider it double security, we figure, and it's worth the extra money.  As for installation, these could not be easier to install.  Just secure the small bracket for each device in the window slide rail with the supplied wood screws (2 per bracket, 4 per window, if you use 2 devices per window like us).  The screws will go through the bottom of the slide rail and into the wood frame around your window.  Visually, you can hardly even notice these devices.  Off white works great for us, as our Andersen windows have an off white slide rail.  We are very pleased that one has to look hard to even notice these devices.  Unlocking them is a little tricky, WHICH IS THE IDEA!  Adults will have no trouble, but a toddler or small child would have difficulty understanding them.  On our Andersen tilt and wash windows, the locks come into contact with the top of window right where the clips are located for tilting and washing.  I am not concerned about this, however.  The device still works as it should to stop the window from being raised beyond the level you set.So, as the headline indicates, these locking devices passed the 3 pronged test for us--simple, effective, and aesthetically pleasing.  I'll now be installing them on all the windows in the house.  I would recommend them to anybody considering a window locking device for double hung windows.