I had bought a Dutailier brand glider rocker and ottoman years ago, although at that time, all their products came direct from Canada from their factory. I guess times have changed and now they only deal through dealers. My old unit was fantastic and very well built. Unfortunately, my ex got it through our divorce and so now that my wife needed one, I was back in the market again.I spent about a week look in stores locally and brand names. Seems like all gliders are make pretty cheaply nowadays. They just don't have the quality that they used to have, at least in the sub $800 range. The brand names I researched were Stork Craft, Shermag and of course Dutailier.In the end, we settled with a Dutailier for a couple of reasons. One, their customer service seems to be very good. That's important just in case something on it does break. Two, none of the other ones had a recliner position and most also don't have a locking mechanism for safely getting up. The cons were the price and that was about it. I guess a few reviews also said that you might as well get a cheap Stork Craft as they were built with around the same poor quality but I guess in the end I took the chance that the quality would be better.Is the quality fantastic? Not really. I think it's good enough but I've already told my kids that they can't rough house around it as I fear it might break down. The quality definitely isn't what my old one was. It's not good to feel like you need to be gentle with something "or else" but hopefully this will last us a long time. I guess if something does happen, I will update this review.We ordered the chocolate color because one thing that I noticed on my old unit that had a cream color was that the dirt slowly started to show and didn't look as nice, even after it was cleaned well. So getting a darker color will hopefully help that. It's a micro fiber instead of natural fiber and I have mixed feelings about that. It probably will hold up as well or better than the natural counterpart but it's not as natural feeling; it has a somewhat cheaper feel to it. Maybe I'm just biased though on natural fabric. Time will tell.So if you are like I was and trying to justify spending an extra 2-3 hundred on a Dutailier, I would recommend it over the cheaper brand names. If you have the money of course. Is it worth it? I'm not 100% convinced but for what I got I would say I'm satisfied. I definitely could not afford to get something better in the $1200+ range. If you are like me, you buy something for a longer term investment and not just disposable furniture that you will throw away in a year or two. Hopefully this set doesn't fall into that category.Update 4/24/2014It's been over a year now since my review and now I feel better about this chair than originally. It still looks brand new and I have had no problems with it (no squeaking, wobbling, etc.). It is comfortable and built well.