I have had these cups for about 4 months, since we tried them at a vacation house we rented and I noticed that, amazingly, with only two pieces, the cups were leaking less than our multi-valve/straw what have you cups.  The biggest pros in my mind for these cups are:1) as another reviewer noted--there are only two pieces! No more buying weird pipe cleaner products to clean out moldy straws or valves.  No more !@#$!* searching for missing pieces that turn a "leak-proof" cup into a sieve.  Awesome.2)Just like an escalator...these cups don't really "break" especially if you are giving to a toddler.  If I lose a lid or it cracks (yes these cups aren't invincible) then I have a simple, lid-less plastic cup that my son can use (now 25 months) to drink at dinner when he wants a "big boy" cup.  I'm not dumb enough to fill it to the top but I don't have to worry that if he drops it, it will break into a million pieces.  Also the cups are inexpensive enough that if you do lose enough lids just buy another 5 pack (look on the packaging actually 5 not 4 cups).  (Escalators never "break" because when they do they just become stairs)3) I got these cups in the larger size (reviews on the smaller size are also helpful and spot on) becuase my son is older and I wanted to be able to send him to daycare with a full cup and not worry about refilling too frequently.  I like the larger size which I find more useful for older kids, the travel spout cover is nice until you lose it but you don't really need it (unless you plan to throw in your bag upside down for long periods or something).4) these really are incredibly leak proof--no complaints at day care, I've thrown the cup (no special spout cover) into my purse and pulled it out later with no leaks.  I haven't had many problems with lids popping off although I imagine that after enough runs through the dishwasher the lids will warp or lose some of their suction, but amazingly these tend to work better than all the other fancy sippy cups I bought.  I kept our old cups (that we still had pieces to) for my son's night time water that he sometimes sleeps with, thinking we wouldn't want to use these at night in case of spills.  Of course I didn't tell my husband this obvious deduction and discovered he had been sending my son to bed with these for many nights with no issues (after I found one upside down in the crib, no leaks, while changing the sheets).  No such luck with a tommy tippee cup I bought with a screw on lid.  So these really are good enough to replace all your cups.5) I like that they encourage proper drinking habits.  Not only can you use without a lid at the dinner table, but this style of cups (as opposed to straw cups) obviously encourages the proper drinking posture a little more.  When my son switched over to these as his regular cups he stopped just holding cups to his lips, head down, expecting "straw suction" to bring the liquid to his lips.  He's also getting older now but obviously this is a good habit to encourage early.  I think my next kid will probably transition from bottles straight to these.6) Since they stack they don't take up too much real estate in the cupboards.  Given the encroachment of all of my son's belongings everywhere else in the house this is nice.7) Cheap enough to "toss" but don't let the name fool you, the reviews of the smaller size say you can recycle them so depending on your community recycling program you don't have to feel bad about "tossing" and again they work fine as actual, non-glass kids cups if the lid stops working.  I doubt many of us would actually toss these after each individual use or trip but these are also great to buy when traveling or to send ahead of yourself to relatives or grandparents as cups you can use when away from home but don't feel too bad losing or leaving behind (as we all do) when traveling--just remember to keep your own stash at home!