Having moved to the US when my youngest daughter was just 11 weeks old, we needed a temporary crib to last until our shipping container arrived with our proper crib. I liked the neutral colour & design of the Graco Pack 'n PLay (Lowery) as it was going to be set up in our bedroom for an unknown amount of time. I wasn't particularly interested in a playard with extra bells and whistles, but it appears most of them come with extras these days. The most important things for me were that it needed to be easy to set up, and have a comfortable mattress. This one satisfied both criteria.As mentioned in another review, we also only got about a month's use from the change station because my daughter began rolling on to her tummy at 16 weeks old (and it had the lean to one side). That was no big deal, as the change station was an extra - not a necessity - for us. Perhaps if there had been a safety strap included, I might have felt better about using it a little longer. Given my daughter's age and size, the newborn napping station was never used. Again, not a problem.I've been happy with this so far - it's simple to set up and fold up. The mattress feels as though it would be far more comfortable than the previous playard we owned for my first daughter. I like the size of it as well. For a younger baby (not quite newborn) it didn't feel as though she was too small in it. I don't know if it's the standard size in the US, but it is smaller than our old one. We've recently visited friends interstate, and as we were flying, with car seats etc checked in, opted to use their old playard. Setting that one up confirmed in my mind how simple this Graco one is to use - the top sides all click into place (and unlock) without difficulty, yet feels sturdy. Just what you need.My daughter is now 8 months old and has only recently transitioned into the proper crib (at night, sharing her big sister's room) but still happily sleeps in this playard in our room for her day sleeps - 2 hours a pop, twice day... so I would say she's more than comfortable.