(New edits added to "COMPATIBLE" section below.)Sometimes I forget to pack the baby's one and only sippy cup.This 3-piece water bottle cap adapter works well, but yes, I agree that it doesn't have a vent so as the baby drinks from the water bottle through this adapter, the plastic walls of the bottle collapse. Every 4-5 sips, I take the bottle away from the baby, unscrew the adapter, let the air fill up the bottle again, and then hand the whole thing back to the baby. Small inconvenience, but an inconvenience nonetheless. Thus, 4 stars.That drawback aside, there are plenty of benefits:1. COVER EXISTS! It DOES have a clear cap that snaps over the spout! (At least, mine does! I did wonder why previous customers didn't get their caps...)2. PORTABLE! It's small enough to keep in a pocket, purse, pacifier bag... even a Gladware 1/2-cup mini round storage container (the kind you can find at a supermarket or Amazon, 8 units per pack [...]). Yes, a sandwich bag will also do in a pinch.3. EASY TO CLEAN! Each piece -- silicone spout, green "neck" and clear cap -- are extremely easy to handwash using the smaller nipple brush attachments that most people have. If water's the only thing that you use it for, there's less of a worry about scrubbing off juice bits.4. COMPATIBLE! For Poland Spring bottles, the adapter works if the green "neck" is screwed with the logo upside down. Although the directions do say this clearly, I'd say it here too: If the adapter doesn't work with the particular water bottle you have, try re-inserting the spout through the green neck but in the opposite direction so that the logo on the green neck appears upside down. The green "neck" is threaded on both ends, expanding its compatibility with a range of water bottles.EDIT Oct. 2011: Compatible with the Platypus Platy Soft Bottle with Closure Cap. This product combo has proven to be a very convenient way to carry baby's drinking water.5. CHEWABLE! My baby likes chewing thoughtfully on the silicone spout between sips. No damage yet, to baby or bottle cap adapter. But I'm sure Green Sprouts will warn against treating this adapter as a toy. It's not a toy, okay?6. NO LEAKS! If the adapter is screwed on correctly for the water bottle you have (and assuming the two are compatible), turning the water bottle upside down does not create a shower. If anything, it's hard to get liquid out... see drawback above.