These are my favorite cloth diapers of all the brands I own (which is like 15). For the record pocket diapers are my diaper of choice because the AIO and AI2 always leak for me.Positives: These are super durable. I've been using them for over a year and now and some of them look brand new still. I've noticed from buying a couple new ones that the older ones have actually gotten tighter instead of looser (I don't dry them so they're not shrinking). The adjustable snaps have made it so easy to grow with my daughter, they've literally fit her since she was about 2 months old (I needed the newborn size for when she was born. They have an option for snaps or velcro, I use mostly snaps because I know at some point my daughter will learn how to un velcro her diaper and the snaps usually last much longer. And my next two most IMPORTANT and FAVORITE reasons: The pouch has a nice large opening. That makes it so much easier to stuff and flatten the inserts. I other diapers with smaller openings and the inserts just bunch up so it causes more leaks. These diapers are the best leak proof I own. My daughter is a heavy wetter and I use the baby insert and the newborn insert and that has been enough to make it at least 4 hours. You would need a thicker or more absorbent insert for night time wetting. I use disposables at night mainly because the urine is so much more concentrated and I don't want to have to get that smell out. I already plan on using these for my next child. These aren't double gusset but it doesn't matter because they work just as well. And these diapers are sold at Babies R Us so you can get replacement inserts or buy 1 in the store to try it out before buying a bunch.Negatives: The only real negative for me about this diaper is the lack of cute prints. There are so many other diapers with cute prints. Bum Genius does make limited edition prints but it's hard to get older styles. On the other hand this makes their diapers a little more gender neutral. So if you're going to diaper more than one child that helps.Sorry this was long but I just had so many good things to say about these diapers.Wrong color in the pic below but wanted to show you how not so bulky they look.