I bought these, J & J, and Lansinoh shields to see which I liked best, and most days these are the ones I grab. Here's a comparison:THICKNESS & ABSORBENCY: J&J are the thickest - great for under thin shirts or working out. They're also the cheapest so great when you're going to wear them for a few hours then toss them. BUT thickness does not equal absorbency - the gel in the First Years can take me from dinner to breakfast. The Lansinoh are in between, about as good as FY, but all are pretty good - in 4 months never exceeded their capacity. If you're looking for even further "enhancement," go with the J&J - they add almost a cup when I wear them, though this is not my goal.DISCRETION: The First Years are the most discrete under moderately thick clothes, but tend to crinkle a bit at times and may show "folds" through thinner clothes. The J&J & Lansinoh hold their shape a bit better.MOISTURE: If cracked nipples are your problem - these are your cure. No brainer - never have to remember the lanolin. I've never encountered one w/o the lanolin (as another reviewer complained) but I'm only on my 4th box.  HOWEVER, if you're dealing with Thrush(which I was for a while) then I'd suggest the Lansinoh - change every 3-4 hours - to minimize moisture against the breast and discourage yeast growth.COMFORT: I'd go w/the J&J and Lansinoh (new & improved) as these FY have a crimped edge that can get really scratchy! THIS IS THE BIG PROBLEM. If it weren't for these scratchy crinkled edges, I'd never buy the others. But after a rough day of them rubbing I just need to grab the other brands. I prefer the Lansinoh for overnight as I find the new ones the softest and like the gel - it keeps me feeling dryer. I can often feel the wetness from the J&J.CONCLUSION: These are great if you have less sensitive breasts and are prone to dry nipples, or want the convenience of pre-wrapped pads with a low profile. But buy one box first and see if the crinkled edges bother you before committing solely to these.