I've been through quite a few high chairs and this one is the best. Here's why.1) Four swiveling (and locking) wheels means you can easily and smoothly move this chair around the kitchen or dining room. My son likes to watch me chop and measure and cook. He also likes to "participate" in family game time at the table or the kitchen island. This keeps him comfy and secure while we do these things, and moving it around to where we are is essential! A lot of high chairs only have one-way wheels, many only featuring two of them as well.2) One-handed tray operation. The button truly is easy to use and the tray is light enough to make this claim a reality unlike a lot of others. The tray glides onto the track perfectly. I've spent way too much of my life being frustrated trying to get both sides to align just right and fumbling with a hungry baby at the same time. Not with this chair!3) The tray cover covers the ENTIRE TRAY, which means no little cracks for food to get into where the original tray and the cover meet. It also has no divided sections or cup holders which I personally love. All plates and bowls fit, all cups fit.4) The crotch post is IN THE SEAT and not part of the tray! Yes!!!! This is great because the post doesn't squish your baby's nethers when you need the tray closer. It also keeps him stabilized while I put the tray on. Awesome. This also allows #5...5) THE TRAY LAYS FLAT! Heck yes!!!! Flat. Flat I tell you!6) The seat shape is fantastic. It's not completely upright and straight. My children seemed to get frustrated after a while in those types, and can you blame them? I don't know about you, but airplane seats in their upright position are uncomfortable for me. Plus, if the child is still using a sippy cup that requires they tilt their head back, this can get very frustrating when there is no room to do so. This seat is scooped out and slightly reclined which just looks nice and comfy!7) The tray has LOTS of different positions. I have a BIG BIG baby, he is 8 months and coming up on 30 pounds. He's thick and sturdy and doesn't fit a lot of things quite right because of it. This, like everything else I buy online, had me worried he wouldn't fit. Not the case at all. The closest tray position is just perfect for him. I was delighted. Usually the closest position squishes his guts and there are only a few positions left, meaning it won't last long. This chair is really designed to grow with your child.8) The seat cushion. I debated long and hard about getting something with any kind of cushion at all, because if you're a parent, you know how messy and disgusting high chairs can get. Of course food is going to end up between the cushion and chair at some point. That's just physics. However, this cushion is super simple in design. The cushion, as well as the actual plastic chair, is very simple and clean in design and therefore lacking the 4,000 where food would always find a home. It's easy to remove and easy to put back on. It washes beautifully and I've had NO issues. The fabric is soft but also wipe-able. I've come across a few "wipe-able" cushions that feel like straight up couch plastic. I think a cushion is better for baby, especially as much as we use it, so I'm glad I went with this here.9) Reclining feature, which I don't honestly use because my son is 8 months but I may just for fun in the future, is truly easy. Squeeze a handle and boom, reclined!10) The chair adjusts to several heights and this is also extremely easy to accomplish. This is great to adjust to different or kitchen island heights.11) The tray can be stored on the back bar of the seat which is sooo handy. I didn't think I'd really care about this but I use it every day. It's nice to have the clean tray hanging there in the ready. Put baby in the seat without having to take the tray off (not that it is hard though) and have the tray RIGHT there. It's the little things!I just LOVE this chair. I can't think of any improvement on it to be honest. It's love! Finally!