I have used about every brand and style of diaper out there in my 7 years of using cloth on 3 different kids. I have used everything from, prefolds or fitted with covers or wool, to AIOs, AI2, pockets, hybrids and just about any brand you can think of. Smart bottoms are by far my favorite.The reasons I love smart bottoms:1. They are ethically made and sourced here in the USA.2. They fit well over the range of multiple size children and are very absorbent, once prepped.3. They have no harsh chemicals against the skin because they use organic cotton.4. They are a USA company that loves and promotes the use of small business.5. They have friendly and fast customer service.6. I bought my first Smart bottoms 3 years ago and it doesn’t have a single hole and the elastics are still as strong as the day I bought it. So they really are a very high quality diaper.7.  They have the cutest prints and retailer exclusives.The fit:I was using Smart Bottoms with 2 children at the same time. My youngest was born before his older brother, the 3-year-old, potty learned. So we began to use the Smart Bottoms on the baby when he was about 3 months old once his newborn diapers were too small. The 3-year-old is finally potty trained. What was nice is how well they fit both of them even though their body shapes are so different and they were in different sizes.  My 3-year-old still had one rise snap setting to go and still had hip snaps to go when he potty learned. My 18 month old is finally on the 2nd rise snap at 22 lbs.  I can get a nice trim fit with both that actually fit under jeans!If you are having leak issues there are a couple of possible culprits. The diaper isn’t prepped properly, the diaper is not fitted to baby properly, or the leg elastics are not rolled in so that none of the organic cotton is showing.The purpose of prepping:Smart Bottoms will not come out of the package ready to go. If you think doing one wash and putting them on the bum is going to work… You are wrong.  Smart Bottoms are made with organic cotton so there are lots of oils in the fabric. Normally, these oils are stripped out using harsh chemicals. Instead with smart bottoms you get to collect every little piece of laundry from your entire house and prep!To prep:Smart Bottoms need to be washed at least 8-10 times to be fully prepped. So, the way I do it is I collect all the laundry from around the house and start washing. (BEWARE OF RED IT WILL STAIN!) I wash 3 times then dry. I repeat the process until it passes the water test.  Once the diaper is prepped the organic cotton will go from a cream color to more of a white color. They also become more absorbent over time because even with washing 10 times there is still oils in the fabric.The water test:Take your prepped diapers that have been washed at least 8-10 times and are dry. Drip a drop of water onto the soaker. If it absorbs quickly it passes the test. If not, you have more prepping to do.Tips and Tricks:My diapers leak –Is it fully prepped?Have you done a water test?Is the organic cotton rolled in, or is the cotton rolled out?Are the snaps set correctly for my baby?I HATE PREPPING! What do I do?There are actually retailers that will prep your diapers for you!I’m not sure if I have a good fit, could someone help me?There is an online community that will happily help you out.I have an issue with my diaper, who do I contact?info@smartbottoms.comI have never written this lengthy of review but because I frequently see questions about how to prep and people getting frustrated because their diapers leak, I decided to do this Tips and Tricks. Once people get a  better fit or finish the prepping process they LOVE their diapers. I wanted to give you all some information that might help. I am a mom, obviously, and I want to make life a little less complicated for some one.No, I do not work for Smart Bottoms in any way, shape, or form. Although I would love it.No, I did not get paid or get any free merchandise for this review.Yes, I have purchased all of my collection... I mean.... obsession... I mean... um .... diapers.I just did it because Smart Bottoms are my favorite and I want to spread the Smart Bottoms LOVE!If you have questions. Feel free to ask. :D