** NOTE: I purchased this late March 2012. I believe I have an updated model as compared to the description of the product in previous reviews. **Now that my kids are a little older, my wife and I plan to do a little more traveling. Unfortunately the entire family sleeping in a large king sized hotel bed is becoming less of an option. We decided that purchasing travel cots/beds would be the solution.There were some key features we were looking for:* First, we wanted a bed that was economically sound :) I'm sure anyone reading this who has more than one child understands that when one kid gets something, the others have to have the same. In our situation we would need to purchase 2.* Second, we wanted it to be compact when stored as we have minimal vehicle space already. As with the previous note, we would need to cram 2 into the car.* Third, ease of assembly.* Fourth, durability. This and the previous note pretty much does away with an air mattress. I've had plenty of air mattresses in my time and convenience and durability have always been questionable.In searching I came across this one and another one that was very close to fitting the bill. Unfortunately the other one cost more than twice what this bed cost. considering I had to by 2, the choice was obvious.I was a little concerned about some of the previous reviews. They have noted that the center support strap is too tight and it creates an elevated section in the middle. This would obviously make the bed uncomfortable to use for anyone who had to lay across it. There were enough positive reviews that I decided to go for it and see if I couldn't adjust the bed to make it more comfortable.I am happy to say that the bed is better than I had expected. Especially so because of the cost. As I have noted at the start, I believe I have an updated model. Perhaps Regalo had read all of the more negative reviews and took them to heart. There is no strap in the center but instead there are criss-crossed straps on both sides (I have attached pictures so you can see how it's supported now). There is still a slight hump in the center from the tension of the fabric between the two center supports but it's not bad. My little girl doesn't mind and she actually asks to sleep in the bed each night.Hope this helps anyone who is thinking about buying this. Honestly you can't beat it for the cost.