We recently started using this (been using it for about a month now) for my 8 month old daughter.  She had outgrown her infant seat (Chicco Keyfit30), so it was time to move up.  I did a lot of research, and because we have captain's chairs in the middle row of our Tahoe, I wanted something that I knew had been tested for side-impact protection, and a seat that felt sturdier and wrapped around her body more than a lot of seats out there.We initially bought the Recaro Proride (see my review on that), but due to its size rear-facing, we exchanged it for the Boulevard 70 CS.  Although it has taken a little bit to get accustomed to the seat, overall, I'm really happy with the purchase.Pros:Side-impact protection; headwings (although they aren't as sturdy as the ProRide's, they still feel like they would offer more protection than a lot of other seats out there)Rear-facing tethering - I don't know of any other seats that allow you to tether rear-facing.  I feel like it adds another dimension of safety for my daughterEasy harness height adjusting - just squeeze and pullFairly easy LATCH install - it was tough to get the recline angle right at first, but after doing some research, I realized that the line on the seat is actually somewhere in between 30-45 degrees, meaning I could recline it a little more than level with the ground, which helped.  I did have to use a rolled up towel, but I don't really know of any convertible seats that don't need that when rear-facing.Higher rear-facing weight limit.  We plan to keep our daughter rear-facing until she is at least 2 - and although this doesn't have the tallest shell out there, I think we should be able to keep her in this one at least that long.Seems comfortable for my 22 lb 29 inch 8 month old - she is long and chunky, so finding a seat that is deep enough and wide enough is more of a challenge than one might thing.Fits well even rear-facing. (Although you wouldn't think it would be an issue with a Tahoe, my husband and I are both tall, and with the Proride, we couldn't have the driver's seat back as far as we needed to.  The Britax is much more compact.)Cons:I don't think the CS (click & safe) version is necessarily worth the price.  However, I went with it because I liked the Sophia design better than any of the others and at the time, it was only a tiny bit more than the other version.  That said, if you were using this seat for someone who doesn't know how tight the straps should be, I could see it being more beneficial.The straps tend to twist up at the shoulder all the time (but I think part of that is user error and the other is just what happens with most car seats)The velcro designed to hold the straps to the side of the seat doesn't make much of a difference - it doesn't seem to align properly with the velcro on the straps, and when it does, I really have to pull the straps hard to get them to stay.  Wish Britax would take notes from Recaro on this one and make a little side pocket like the Proride has.All in all - we're really happy with this purchase so far.  Hopefully we'll be using this seat for a long time!