I bought this for our daughter. The inside colors are mostly green and blue with some orange. It definitely seems like it's geared more for a boy, but it works just fine for a girl. Illustrations are not at all obnoxious and include turtles, snails, ladybugs, foxes, frogs, birds, dragon flies, owls, butterflies, branches and leaves, squirrels, and a hedgehog.It's hard to buy something like this without thumbing through it first, and the listed description does not seem accurate. Here are the page titles this book includes, in order:All about my Mommy, All about my Daddy, Our Family Tree/ Family Photos, Spread the News...A Baby is Due!, Anticipation and Preparation, Showers of Good Wishes/ Photos & Mementos, Showers of Good Wishes/ Photos & Mementos (a second time for a second baby shower), My Arrival, Introducing... Brand-New Me!, Small Wonder (includes place to paste hospital bracelet and birth certificate), My Tiny Prints (hands and feet), Announcing Me!, My Homecoming, Visitors and Gifts, Adventures in Parenting, The World around Me, Watch Me Grow, Immunizations, Never Slowin' Down (growth records), Smile! (teeth), My First Month, My second Month, My Third Month, My Fourth Month, My Fifth Month, My Sixth Month, My Seventh Month, My Eighth Month, My Ninth Month, My Tenth Month, My Eleventh Month, My Twelfth Month, All of my Firsts, Giggles and Grins, My First Vacation, My Travel Photos, Holidays and Celebrations (you pick one to write about), Special Times Together, My Favorites, Me and My Favorites, My First Birthday!, "Fun to Be One!," Happy Birthday to Me! (2nd birthday), My Second Year, Happy Birthday to me! (3rd birthday), My Third Year, Happy Birthday to Me (4th birthday), My Fourth Year, Happy Birthday to Me! (5th birthday), My Fifth Year, My First Day of School, My School Photos, Funny Stories, Sweet Memories, A Letter From Mommy and Daddy.I really like it, but wish it included more pages to write about more than one holiday. Additionally, I wish it had more than a single side of a page for the Letter From Mommy and Daddy. We will probably be taping more pages in the back to extend the letter.