Must have if you have twins!  I had breastfeed my son, so when I was expecting twins, I figured that I would be able to breastfeed them too.  Twin nursing pillows are expensive, so if you are on the fence about the whole breastfeeding possibility, you can wait on this.  My kiddos were full term and over 7 pounds each, and yet they were still small enough that the traditional boppy pillow held them both for tandem feeding at birth.  Lots of suggestions though....This is big!  Don't bother bringing it to the hospital. I ended up tandem feeding them in the hospital after my C-section, but all the pillows worked fine there.  It is also huge for your bed if you plan on breastfeeding both in bed and have your partner still sleep next to you.  I kept my kids in the same bassinet (yes, twins fit just fine in the Halo bedside) and attempted to get them on the same feeding schedule (HA-HA) for the first 6 weeks.  I ended up buying the breastfriend twin nursing pillow just so my husband and I could both stay in bed.  I also didn't want to keep lugging a nursing pillow up and down stairs so I had to buy a second.  This is so big, that the only place to use it is the floor (not comfortable), or the corner of our sectional couch.Buy a second nursing cover (also pricey, but what are you going to do?).  You need a clean one at all times.  Twins are VERY messy.  Who has time to wash and dry this between feedings?At 8 months old, my babies got too big and wiggly to tandem feed.  I pulled out my boppy pillow thinking I would just use that.  I really missed the back support from the twin z pillow and the size, so I still use it.  It also makes a comfy surround pillow that holds 2 babies against you while you dose.My husband tried tandem bottle feeding the kiddos in this and it was a disaster for him.  He has never been able to give them a bottle at the same time.I own both the twin nursing pillows on the market and this is the more comfortable one that I am still using.  The breastfriend was needed to tandem feed them in bed, and it did fit into my glider once I moved them out of my room into the nursery.  I stopped using that one months ago and really didn't like it much.  The kids got too big for it to be much use for tandem feeding after a couple of months.