I am writing this same review for three  items: JJ Cole Polar Bundleme, 7 a.m Enfant Blanket 212 Evolution, and 7 a.m. Enfant Blanket 212 Chevron.I compared many different stroller sacks by reading online reviews and narrowed it down to these 3.  I ordered these 3 items to test, and finally selected the JJ Cole Polar Bundleme.  I am looking for something new to use with the stroller (Uppababy Vista) during long walks when the temperature is in the 20-40 degrees Fahrenheit range (winter in NY).Overall: I selected the JJ Cole Polar Bundleme because it is larger.  The top blanket can also be zipped halfway down or fully removed for less coverage on a warmer day.Size: The Polar Bundleme was wider and longer at its biggest size than the 7 a.m. Enfant blankets at their biggest size. The narrower profile of the 7am Enfant blankets looked a little cleaner on the stroller, but from a practical standpoint I feel like a wider blanket will possibly last longer with a growing child.  The 7am Enfant might be cozier for an infant because you can make it very small by removing both bottom pieces.Materials: They both felt very nice.  The 7am Enfant blankets felt plusher and thicker than the Polar Bundleme, but the Polar Bundleme still felt very nice and high quality.  NOTE: I also looked at the Uppababy BabyGanoosh Footmuff - the fabric just seemed very light and flimsy and not as cushy as the Polar Bundleme or 7am Enfant blankets.  I'm sure that the Uppababy footmuff is warm, but I just wanted something more plush and cozy feeling for my daughter.  Also, the Uppababy one didn't have a hood.Usability: I think it's a little easier to get a kid in and out of the 7am Enfant blankets because they have a single central zipper vs the two side zippers of then JJ Cole blankets.  But I liked that you can completely remove the top part of the JJ Cole blankets if it gets hot, whereas you can only open up the 7am Enfant blankets and push them to the side.  I also like that you can zip down the JJ Cole blanket halfway - that way, you can cover just their legs if they already have a coat on top.  These were big pluses for me, especially because in the fall and spring the temperature can vary so much from day to day.  I liked that you could unzip the hood of the 7am Enfant Blanket 212 Evolution and push it off to the sides.  NOTE THAT YOU CANNOT DO THIS WITH THE 7AM ENFANT BLANKET 212 CHEVRON - they look very similar in pictures, but they are not exactly the same.  I also liked that you could flip back the hood of the Polar Bundleme and wrap it around the top of the stroller or car seat to keep it out of the way (I have to remove the sunshade on my stroller to do this).Comfort for Child: The 7am Enfant blankets came up a little higher and you could tighten the hood opening, so they might keep the child a little more enclosed.  But I felt the Polar Bundleme was more than sufficient for our needs.  My daughter seemed fine in it tonight wearing just footie pajamas (no undershirt) and it was 37 degrees outside.  The bottom of the Polar Bundleme might be a little annoying to some kids because the extension piece tucks in at the bottom when the blanket is set up on the smaller size.  The extension piece decreases the amount of room for the child's feet a bit when it's not being used, but I didn't think that it would be a big deal for my daughter - she still had plenty of room.  The 7am Blankets were a little nicer here because the extension piece zips out completely...although then you have to keep track of this random extension piece!Fit on Stroller: They both fit very well on the Uppababy Vista.  As I said above, the narrower 7am Enfant blankets looked a little cleaner.  I liked the straps that attached the Polar Bundleme better, however.  The Polar Bundleme had a strap that goes around the entire back of the stroller to secure the top part of the blanket so the hood doesn't slide down.  The 7am Enfant blankets had two loops that go around the side bars of the stroller - but on the Uppababy Vista there is material in the way, so you can't really use these loops.  It felt like the Polar Bundleme wouldn't slide down as much as the 7am Enfant blankets on the Uppababy Vista.  I liked the nonskid backing of the 7am Enfant blankets.Colors: The 212 Chevron in pink/purple was super cute, but the neon pink clashed with my darker pink stroller color.  It was also too much going on with the pink and black stroller.  I liked the matte black color of the Polar Bundleme better than the shiny black color of the 212 Evolution with my stroller (I got it in metallic silver).  The 212 Evolution is shown in a matte black color on the 7am Enfant website, but it seemed to be out of stock everywhere I looked.  I could only find matte black with a gray hood, which looked kind of weird to me.  NOTE: I have seen some images online of a black and pink 212 Chevron, but couldn't find it anywhere to purchase.  I contacted 7am Enfant and they said that this color never actually went into production, so it isn't available.Price: The Polar Bundleme ($109) was significantly less expensive than the 7am Enfant blankets ($189).