I used both the Baby Einstein Musical Motion Activity Jumper and the Fisher Price Rainforest Jumperoo.  While both are good jumpers overall I prefer the Fisher Price Rainforest Jumperoo.Amount of Bounce:  This is one of the biggest differences between the two jumpers.  The Baby Einstein jumper does not have a lot of bounce, in fact it has less bounce then any other jumper I've tried.  The Rainforest Jumperoo has a lot of bounce to it so baby can have lots of fun with it.  I think the difference may be due to where the elastic cords are attached and how long they are-on the Baby Einstein Jumper they are attached out to the side and are relatively short whereas on the Fisher Price Jumperoo they are attached up high and are longer.Durability:  The piano on the Baby Einstein Jumper broke within a few weeks.  I contacted the company and they sent out a replacement for free but it was still annoying to have to deal with.  I have not had any problems with the Fisher Price Rainforest Jumperoo.Toys:  My son loved the piano on the Baby Einstein Jumper but didn't really care for any of the other toys.  He enjoyed all of the toys on the Fisher Price Jumperoo especially the spinning bead ball.Adjustability:  The Baby Einstein Jumper has five different height settings whereas the Fisher Price Jumperoo only has three.  The height settings start much lower on the Baby Einstein Jumper making it the better option for younger/shorter babies.  The highest height setting on the Baby Einstein is significantly shorter than on the Fisher Price Jumperoo.  It is much easier to change the setting on the Baby Einstein Jumper than on the Fisher Price Jumperoo.  On the Baby Einstein Jumper you just turn the knobs along the support poles and move them up to the next notch.  On the Fisher Price Jumperoo you have to unthread and rethread the lines holding the jumperoo in place which is a major pain.Height/Weight Limits:  The Baby Einstein Jumper goes up to 25 pounds and 30 inches.  The Fisher Price Jumperoo goes up to 25 pounds and 32 inches.