This is just great for my Britax carrier.  It provides excellent bug protection while being well ventilated and allowing me to see my 2-month old when we walk.  It seemed to provide the right mixture of air plus security for my baby because she went to sleep on this walk more quickly than she ever has and she slept more soundly/longer.  It is going to be perfect for when we go on picnics or grab dinner outside.  The sun block panel covers front-on sun only.  When it's pulled forward, the baby has a dual layer of mesh on the sides.  It's not enough to block the sun completely if the angle is from the side, but it dulls the intensity & heat a lot.  The whole solution is a lot cooler than what I was trying before with blankets and the stroller shade.  Plus, this way my baby can see me while we walk (provided the sun shade is up) which goes a long way toward keeping her calm and entertained.  The big thing to understand about the cover is that it is designed to address the space between the top of the extended canopy and the feet.  It doesn't cover the whole carrier.Here are the instructions for installation:1. Take the side of the cover with the band of fabric and stretch it around the foot side of the carrier.2. Hook the straps around the right and left sides of the carrier handle, sliding them down to the base around the area where the handle pivots.3. Fully extend the overhead canopy and pull the bug/sun cover's edge with the square fabric panel over the top of the canopy until the elastic in the middle of the cover sits just over the front ridge of the canopy.(At this point, the baby has the hood up and is surrounded by the mesh fabric on all sides.  The square fabric panel is laying on top of the canopy.)4. Fold the square fabric panel forward gently (so as not to dislodge the elastic band around the canopy edge) to cover the baby.  I typically raise/lower this based on the direction of the sun during our walks.It doesn't matter too much which side of the cover you place facing out or in.  I had the wrong side out but it still worked fine.  We have the B-Safe carrier and are able to leave the cover attached when not in use, but pulled down under the foot area.  Works for us.