This is the most amazing stroller and infant car seat ever!It was worth all the money I paid for it as it was over $200 dollars. It is super easy to use; the seat sets easily into the base and clicks when "in". It is easy to pull out and the thing to sqeeze to get the seat out of the base is huge, tan and clearly able to locate. The stroller folds up and down easily with the sqeeze and slide of a well placed large button. It folds like a dream and you can easily wheel it closed down as the wheels are locked into position, so they don't turn around on you. You can tell that when you buy something this expensive, you are getting the good stuff!I was a little surprised that the color design and pattern are not easily observed to see what the pattern is truly. There are two pinks, where one is more purple pink, on top, and then a more bubble gum pink on the bottom, which does not really show up on the pictures. There are a gumble of red, green leaves, flowers on the main base and everything is contrasted by the rich chocolate brown. I pictured the pattern a little different. I was not unhappy, but it would have been nice to see the details a little better. But that is nothing worth worrying about. I just had a little different color scheme in my mind that is not otherwise seen through the picture.There is a nice head rest, I guess you might call it, that helps to support the baby's head, so no need to purchase one. This overall is a nice set.You place the infant car seat into the stroller and it is going to make your life easier, since Eddie Bauer turns out to be such a nice product. Especially during the grocery shopping or whatever, this stroller is easy to use, attractive for the most part, is smooth as could be, and worth ever single penny and thensome. Folds down to fit in the car. For people who are not super good with putting things together, my husband said it was easy to put together, and I must say it was easy for me, the mom, to learn how to use. Excellent purchase!