These are great 5oz and 9oz bottles - so much so that we purchased some more with stage 2 nipples (I've written the same review of the 9oz classic 6 pack).Made of safe (BPA free) plastic. Of course plastic by its nature is made from oil and no doubt there are other nasty chemicals in there but you can't get away from them since nearly all toys, diapers, pacifiers, crib mattresses, etc contain some sort of nasty stuff these days - hydro-carbon based chemicals are everywhere in today's world.The bottles are very sturdy and I don't see baby breaking these. They have 5 parts - bottle, nipple, nipple cap, and 2 parts to the anti-colic device inside. It doesn't take much moe efffort to clean the anti-colic devices. We usually just let everything soak in hot water for 10 minutes or so before using a brush - this makes cleaning much easier. We don't sterilize bottles as we feel it unnecessary - we feel it's better to let baby develop its immune system naturally.Whether the anti-colic device works is debateable. Babies suffer to a greater or lesser extent from colic/wind for two main reasons. A) they suck in air whilst drinking milk (air/milk/air/milk/air/milk), and B) their stomachs are just developing so they're going to suffer from wind and gasses much more easily that adults. it usually starts around 4 weeks and lasts until they start on mushy pureed solids (at around 4 months). Since each baby is different and develops differently, that's why these sorts of bottles work for some and not so much for others. Our baby still suffers from wind and no matter when and how often baby drinks, we still have to 'burp' baby. I can't blame the bottles for colic since it's mainly natural. But anything to help alleviate colic is welcomed.Since they're straight bottles and standard width, baby hasn't learnt to hold them yet.The issues that we have with these bottles is that they can be prone to leaking ever so slightly if the cap is not screwed on tightly. Just make sure you do that and you're good to go.Also, I've noticed that using a standard cleaning brush, they have stared to slightly scratch inside after about 3 months - nothing serious; just cosmetic.Since we haven't tried other bottles (and don't feel we need to), I can't compare these aginst other bottles and whether other bottles help to reduce colic. We did receive a free similac wide bodied bottle from the paediatrician but that became cloudy after only 1 month of use and it was thrown away.I think we've found our baby bottles.