I was on the fence when it came to getting an infant seat at all, since the one we used for my oldest daughter (who's now 8) was chinsy and not very good.  It did the job, but it didn't really soothe my daughter and more or less was a place to put her when I needed to do other things (fold laundry, etc.).  She never seemed to really enjoy it, so when we got pregnant with our twins I didn't initially buy an infant seat.  I had been researching swings for the twins, since I also was not at all fond of the swing we used for my oldest daughter, and wanted something different.  In my search, I came across the Mamaroo which is like an odd combination of infant seat and swing.  I read a lot of great reviews on it, but was still skeptical, especially given that it's pretty pricey.  However, when Amazon was having a pretty nice sale going I decided to go for it.  So, I ordered two (one red and one orange).  Immediately, as soon as we put one of our daughter's in the Mamaroo she loved it.  It soothes them so well, and it's great for naps during the day.  The ambient sounds are also fantastic for soothing our babies, and the plug for an MP3 player is pretty convenient (though the speaker quality isn't that great, so unless we're in a room where we don't have access to other speakers we almost never use that feature).Some people have complained about the mobile in other posts, but I have a few responses to those complaints. First, the mobile might not move automatically (like a crib mobile), but if you read the product information from the website you'd see that that doesn't matter since having a spinning mobile isn't as stimulating as parents have been led to believe and they're more entertaining to older kids and adults than to young babies; it's more important for the mobile to remain in the field of vision for the babies.  Also, some have complained that their babies couldn't reach the balls on the mobile, but we found that they can reach them depending on how you set the seat (the seat is VERY adjustable, which is another big plus, basically allowing it be at any angle that can be reached by sliding it along the axis on the back; it's not simply two or three preset angles like other seats and swings).  So, if the baby is sitting mostly upright, they can actually reach the balls of the mobile pretty easily.  Also, I love that the balls have one side with the high-contrasting black and white prints, and the opposite side with the color versions of the same famous paintings.The Mamaroo has worked great for our twins and we absolutely love them.  We now keep one in my home office and the other in my husband's home office, and use them so that we can get work done while the girls play and hang out with us or take naps.  It is definitely one of the best purchases we've had for our girls, and was definitely well worth the price.  The only hiccup was that the wrong color had originally been sent for one of our Mamaroos (grey instead of orange) because the outer box was mislabeled, which wasn't Amazon's fault at all, but they were amazing at exchanging it for us very quickly.  We couldn't be happier!