First of all, I was worried about getting the Co-Rider in part because of the couple of negative reviews, and in part because when I read the description and did further research on line, I didn't see any examples of it installed on a road bike, and all I own are road bikes.  As it turned out, I was able to mount it and the drop handle bars on my road bike were no problem.About the negative reviews - it didn't take very long to mount (maybe an hour including three short test rides without my daughter), I didn't strip any of the screws, and I didn't skin my knuckles using the Allen key.  I don't want to say more on this, but it's not always the product to blame when these things happen.  I will grant that the directions could be better, but then I never bother with directions unless I get stuck...This section will make more sense once you have the Co-Rider in front of you, but one of the critics does have a good point about the radial teeth not being strong enough to hold a child's weight up off the top tube -- but I don't think it was designed to hold the child up; it was designed to keep the seat from bouncing up off the bar when you hit a bump.  If you loosen the radial teeth, the whole seat swings up and out of the way so you can tighten the screws at each end of the securing clamp around the top tube.I will say one more thing about the height question.  On my road bike, the Co-Rider foot rests did rub the front tire when I made a sharp turn (as I discovered on the first test ride).  It wasn't a safety issue, but I decided to cut a piece of closed foam backpacking mattress from my camping gear and stuff it between the top tube and my daughter's seat (to boost the seat and footrests up and to give my daughter a little extra cushion effect when we hit bumps).Finally, my daughter is almost 2 years old, and the second I put the helmet on her she started crying - she really doesn't like hats or even hair clips in her hair.  So she was crying and pretty upset about the helmet, but the second I started off on the bike, she was in heaven, smiling and enjoying herself.  I'll try to attach a photo my son shot of us on the bike and you'll see what I mean.  I love having her between my arms as we ride instead of behind me.