I bought it for my 4 months old son. I tried exactly the same exersaucer and he seemed to like it.For now I use it with blanket behind his back, so he can sits more comfortable. Our doctor said that exersaucer and jumpers are fine, but walkers not really, as she knows babies that actually broke their legs. She also recommended to keep baby in it for no more than 20-30 minutes.So far our son likes it and I can see that once he will be able to stand by himself it will be more fun (this exersaucer also bounces when kid will use some power when sitting down).I added some toys and plastic links to the exersaucer to keep little one busy, and covered 1 toy with the little sock and he loves to chew on it.The minus-there's no food tray, but there is space for some little snacks.The activity center by itself it was easy to assemble, instructions are clear. There are 3 levels to adjust to baby's height. So far I'm happy with the purchase, I was considering also a jumper (looks like fun), but I wanted something more "quiet" for my son, at least for now.It helps to do some choirs, take quick shower, cook etc when my husband is away.UPDATE: I just got Fisher Price Rainforest Jumperoo and could compare 2 products. The jumperoo's seat has padded back, seems very comfortable because it's smaller -and my 6 month old son can rest his arms while playing with toys. Evenflo's seat is bigger (wider) and baby almost always will lean on the edges. The main differences between these two are (excluding jumping option and price): lights and music on jumperoo (not crazy with option to switch off) versus more toys to chew on exersaucer. If I'd have to choose one it could be hard-jumperoo is more busy and fun because of jumping, exersaucer helps with balance and strengthening muscles better (or different muscles- baby has to go up and down by itself instead of kind of hanging/standing like in jumperoo).The best thing would be to let baby check it out in friends house or some store (like Burlington).UPDATE: My son is 11 months now and the exersaucer is on 3rd level. He doesn't like to be in the jumper or excesaucer for long periods of time but prefers excersaucer (jumping annoys him for some reason). He also loves to cruise around and under both things and play with attached toys.If someone leans towards the jumper but would love to have both items the playpen can substitute exersaucer with favorite toy or two inside. It's useful from the birth and after baby can pull itself to standing position will cruise around, which happens when baby start to crawl. My son was 6 months old but some babies might be 8-9 months old, BUT they can easily fall back because there is no support). The playpen is also great when traveling, it's portable and we use it as a baby bed (when staying in motels, other houses etc).UPDATE 2: My son started to lean forward when inside excersaucer at 13 months, so we weren't able to leave him unattended. When he leaned he could fall down with the whole thing, and this is dangerous. He still plays with toys though. To compare with jumparoo-it's impossible to get out for toddler because the sit is deeper, so it can be used for longer periods. But to be honest I don't fully use it either. My son only plays with the toys walking around.