***Pros: If you don't have a dishwasher, this is EASY TO HANDWASH without the itty bitty parts that require a toothbrush to scrub. My baby loves this sippy and it was an easy transition to get her to use it. I love the travel piece you can insert so you can toss the cup in the diaper bag with assurance of no leaks. The plastic quality is great and grippy. The design is 90% awesome with very cute colors and patterns. Some commenters have said the milk flow is not enough, but I don't see a problem with the flow from the slits. The instructions say to make sure they open up before having child use it. I tried drinking to see if it works and it's great. My baby slurps the 5oz bottle up in less than 30min.***Cons: The TINY VENTILATION HOLE IS NOT EFFICIENT ENOUGH. As my 10 month old baby drinks, the suction builds pressure in the mouthpiece. The vent hole doesn't seem to be opening even though I've tried to "stretch" it out with pointy objects. So what happens when too much pressure builds up? While she drinks, the mouthpiece caves in where my baby's chin is, causing the milk to spill out onto her chin and shirt. It's not like the whole cup dumps out on her so it's not disastrous, but it's important to know before buying. I tried to fix the problem by cutting the vent hole slightly bigger. That might work while the cup is half full, but I tried it with the cup full and I was astonished when milk shot in my baby's eye haha. Luckily I bought 2 of these bottles so now when I see the pressure cave in the mouthpiece I just push on the vent hole to release air, or just keep a towel nearby to mop my baby's face. Perhaps it was a defective cup. To me, it's still worth buying this cup. I'm tired of cups with cheap plastic that gets rough from the baby biting on the mouthpiece or the cups with tiny pieces that never get clean. One other issue: DO NOT BUY IF YOU ARE STILL BREASTFEEDING. This bottle trains your child to bite down in order to get the tiny slits to open up. Need I say more on that matter?