I researched a bunch of different car seats and decided to go with this one because it was more of a mid-range one with all of the features that I was looking for. I had bought our first son an Alpha Omega Elite and it's OK, but I have been less than impressed with it at times. I have only had the car seat for a couple of weeks so far, but I am very satisfied with it and am glad that I didn't spend the extra $100 on a Britax and I will be purchasing one for my husband's car also (once my son can sit forward facing).PROS:1) The Infinite Slide Harness is really easy to use. No having to rethread!2) The harness tightening system took me a few minutes to figure out but also is very convenient.3) The chair fabric is really plush and soft, something that I was concerned about when I saw a different Evenflo car seat at Target that had kind of a rougher material.4) My son seems to fall asleep every time I put him in the car seat, even when it's just a 5 minute trip from our local grocery store.5) The crotch strap has a few positions, the furthest one being far enough out that it fit even my 40 lb almost 4- year old son. This was a HUGE problem I saw with a lot of the car seats that claim you can keep your child in a harness until 50-65 lbs (ahem Graco Nautilus) The only other one that I saw when I went to a baby store with a crotch strap that my older son wasn't almost sitting on was one of the Britax ones but my husband forbade me to spend $200+ on a car seat.6) I saw something about the straps twisting in another review and so far I have not had this problem (a really annoying problem with my Alpha Omega Elite) I hope to not have this problem with this seat.7) I know this is superficial, but the seat just looks really nice. It looks exactly like it does in the picture.CONS:1) The cupholder sucks, it actually says that you are only supposed to use it for softer paper cups (ie. not hard plastic sippy cups?) but in the grand scheme of things, who cares?2) The chair is pretty big, I have it rear-facing in my 2006 Jetta TDI but I am so short (5' 3") that I have to drive with the seat all the way up anyways. There is only a couple of inches from the top of the carseat to the back of my seat, so my 6' husband would never be able to drive with it rear-facing. There is also no room for anyone else in the back seat of my car now with the 2 car seats, but I didn't really expect there to be. Guess I just need to buy a bigger car :)3) The straps did not come with the little cushiony things on them, so the first time my son was in it for an extended period of time he got red welts on his neck. Not so happy about that but it was easily fixed by purchasing after market ones from Amazon (JJ Cole Collections Strap Cover in Graphite They are really soft on both sides and look nice too) Had it not been for this problem I would have given the seat 5 stars.Also, if you haven't signed up for Amazon Mom yet, do that before you purchase this car seat. You get a free subscription to Prime for I think 3 months or so and you get free 2-day shipping and $3.99 overnight shipping. I got the car seat in 2 days AND it extended my Prime membership for I think another 5 months because of the cost.