I've been using this pump for 7 months now in addition to using a clandestine hand-me-down Medela Pump in Style.  Therefore, I write this review while keeping the comparisons of the two in mind.Pros of the Hygeia EnJoye:*Easier and more gentle on the nipples.*Great battery life.*Easily adjustable knobs for slowly increasing the suction, great for the nips*More flexible tubing*Can be used for more than one user by replacing the filter*Duck bill valves are preferable to Medela's valve and membrane style.  Duck bills are less likely to get lost in the water and end up in the disposal.Cons of the Hygeia EnJoye:*Replacement parts are often out of stock on Amazon.  I counted on Prime to be able to get replacement parts should I need them, but they are out of stock for months at a time.  When they are in stock, the small items like filters and valves need to be ordered in large qualities.  Thankfully, I haven't needed replacement parts, but this is something to consider if you don't have a local supplier.*The larger flanges I needed were flawed.  Hygeia replaced the flawed one, but the threads are different. One fits my Hygeia bottles perfectly, the other fits my Avent bottles perfectly.  I'm not sure why there's such a noticeable difference in them.*Breast milk does back up into the tubing and I find I have to wash them fairly frequently.  This does not happen with the Medela.  I needed to replace the filter once after pumping with the pump downhill from my breasts.  The back-up was enough to clog the filter and stop suction so that I needed to replace it.  It's good to know the filter works, but I feel the design could be changed to keep milk from spraying into the tubing.  I am now careful to keep the pump uphill from my breasts.  If I have to change the filter again, it will be an expensive order.Overall, I like this pump a lot and I think they are on the right track with it.  Some improvements could be made in customer service, quality control and design that could improve this pump further and make it top of the line.