UPDATE: So after using this cup for 3 weeks now, I have to admit that it leaks SOMETIMES! When first reassembled after washing, the cup does not leak ... even when vigorously shaken upside down! Once my daughter drinks out of it .... one of three scenarios has happened:1) the cup still does not leak when vigorously shaken upside downOR2) the cup leaks a few drops before stopping even when shaken (I think this is liquid that is left in the spout after already passing through the valve)OR3) the cup leaks when shaken.I have not quite figured out yet why it leaks sometimes and not other times. Anyway, my daughter still loves this sippy and I will keep using it since she is usually in the highchair when drinking.As for assembling the cup ... it has become much easier, and it works best if I pull (and wiggle) the spout through the lid instead of pushing the spout through the lid from the inside.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I don't think this cup is as bad as other reviewers rated it. Yes, it does have some design issues (and maybe Thermos is "listening"), e.g it is really difficult to reassemble and you need to align the spout (purple) exactly into the lid (pink) or the sippy does not close right (I assume that's why other say it leaks). But if assembled correctly this sippy does not leak. Another plus is that it is made of durable stainless steel, therefore BPA-free and healthier than other plastic sippies. If this means that I have to put a little bit more effort into reassembling it, so be it. The only issue I have with this sippy is that i don't see how much my daughter is drinking, but that is expected of a stainless steel cup.I also own the BornFree Training Cup (not the BornFree Drinking Cup!), but my 6 month old daughter prefers the Foogo. Personally I don't really like the spout of the BornFree Training Cup because there is not much difference between the spout and a bottle nipple ... they both have a y-cut (so what's the point of transitioning to a cup?) and the valve is not directly attached to the inside of the spout (guess that's why they need the leak-proof y-cut ... also why their Drinking Cup leaks).