I am leaving my original review below for reference because I felt my change of heart would be better represented if you could also see how upset I was with my original purchase.  As you can see I was very upset with this product and wrote as much here.  I also got "a bee in my bonnet" so to speak and wrote the company directly at about 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  Within 2 hours I had a personal reply from Jeff the president (and Dad) of this company apologizing not only for the assembly issues but also for the undo stress and despair the faulty product caused me.  He also assured me that they would be shipping out a new Kinderkord that was redesigned at their expense and would like me to try that one.  They held to their word and I had the new product at my house by Wednesday that week.  I have to say I'm not only impressed by their new product design but by the company standards as a whole.  They truly care about your peace of mind and the safety of your child.  Now that I know they not only stand behind their product, but they care about you too. . .I am enjoying this product even more! We use it at least 3-4 times a week on our walks or even trips to the local farmer's market.  My son loves the new "watch" as he calls it and I love knowing it's not one velcro strap away from him running loose.  I feel very secure with him on this model and would highly recommend this product to anyone that has a child, period!  They move so fast and one slight look in the wrong direction and they could be gone!  This product will help your peace of mind in knowing that you will have them at your side all the time!(Original Below)Extremely disappointed in this product.  I recently purchased a kinderkord for the sole purpose of taking my almost 4 year old and my 4 month old to the local county fair by myself.  I wanted the safety of knowing if I had to stop and tend the  baby I would know where my other child was, Kinderkord seemed to be my solution.  The very first time my son tried to go a different direction than I was going, the retractable cord holder's attach strap on the adult band tore loose. He wasn't trying to go somewhere and pulling to get there, he simply didn't see that I had stopped to adjust the baby and had kept walking.  It tugged enough to stop him but not enough to turn him around so in in a child's world that wasn't even a significant pull.  I was forced to locate and purchase another safety device instead of enjoying my day and I now have a useless yet expensive one that will probably get thrown in the trash.  I wish there was a place to insert a picture I could show you were it ripped.  Don't purchase this if you want to feel you have enough safety to take your eyes off your child in a crowd. . . you don't have that kind of safety with this product!!!!