My baby girl LOVED this toy.  It was the favorite among all of the Lamaze toys.  She has had it since she was about 3 months old and it was HUGE in comparison to her size.  She is now 6 months old and it is still a pretty big toy when it is on her in her car seat, but she loves the crinkle sounds it's wings make, loves chewing on the antennae and the rings (mainly the white one).  She has not gotten into the squeaky on the wing and not so much so with the ladybug bite plate,  Just loves gnawing on the head, wings and white clip.  Now, I do have a few complaints for this product.  We have purchased TWO of them now.  The first one, shortly after receiving it, I noticed it started to tear on the fabric strip that holds the white clip/ring to Freddie's head.  I thought it may have been from Sofia's eagerness, but I now believe it was just  flawed stitching.  Hand washing is the only way to clean this toy, which is fine, however, once you hand wash it you will notice the white is not really as white anymore because of the, what I assume are flexible metal pieces or plastic pieces inside the wings - they leave "strips" of dingy coloring.  This isn't a big deal, just something I feel is worth mentioning, because Freddie doesn't look as clean any more even after a bath.  Now, our second purchase we had to make because we thought we lost Freddie - and that is a big deal!  So, Freddie #2 arrives and as I am cutting the little plastic tag strip to remove him from the cardboard, once free, I notice a pretty significant sized hole where the plastic strip had been - which was close to the seam on Freddie's head.  SOooo, here we are with Freddie # 2 and he is damaged from the get-go.  I am debating stitching it up or whether I should send him back - such a hassle.  Also, we paid about $ 3 more for Freddie #2 for some reason, although both were purchased on Amazon within months of each other.  Bottom line, Freddie the Firefly has been an amazing toy for our daughter and I highly recommend him - since others have failed.  Lamaze Captain Calamari has been laying around for as long as Freddie # 1 and is just now receiving a tiny bit of interest (nominal), Lamaze Tug & Play Knot - having some success after a few months of dangling in front of her, and Lamaze Flutterbug - well, she is getting a little bitty bit of interest in this one when nothing else is around.  My only suggestion, is if you get Freddie, look him over carefully for manufacturing defects and return him if you find any, because your baby will probably love him and you are going to want him to last.