This is a great product.  It beats the heavy detachable car-seats (who foisted these awful things on us!) and gee-gaw laden strollers, joggers, and almost all other current baby backpacks hands down!!!-- Backpacks in General:First and foremost, babies love being up near your head instead of down close to the ground.  They also much prefer sitting in it's upright position instead of semi-reclining in a stroller, jogger, or car-seat.  Babies are very comfortable and will readily fall asleep with their heads next to yours (Awww!).It's so much easier to maneuver through stores, aisles, elevators, stairs, crowds, curbs, and rough terrain in a backpack carrier than any other conveyance -- and both hands are free all the time.They sit nicely on the seat in most restaurant booths (just box it in because of the soft, unstable, seat) or atop the table.Once your baby is 12 pounds or so, it's much, much, easier on your back than a front-carrier or carrying a car seat, and the frame-style carrier is significantly cooler than the soft convertible front- back-carriers (e.g., BabyBjorn).It's an easy one-person task:  set the carrier on a flat surface, put the baby in the carrier, insert one arm into the shoulder strap, swing the carrier onto your back, insert the other arm (elbow first) through the other shoulder strap.  It's especially easy from the cargo area floor of an SUV or from a table top that are approximately weist-height; but with practice, it's also easy to swing the baby and carrier up onto your thigh, and then put it on from there (photos and instructions for doing so are included).-- Advantages of the Kokopax Carrier:The Kokopax Carrier is pretty close to an ideal set of features balancing weight, comfort, and convenience.This carrier is feather light -- light enough that you could carry it on your little finger all day.It's very comfortable with or without the hip strap -- but the hip strap allows you to carry the weight on your hips and use your shoulders solely to balance it front-to-back, like any good backpack.The "kick stand" has solid detents for both the collapsed and extended positions (a nice addition over the original Gerry Carrier, from which it's patterned).It's very stable.  They say to always set it on the floor or level ground, but it sits very solidly on a table top on the floor in the back of an SUV (just don't put it too close to the edge or leave it unattended).It's great for doing housework, yardwork, etc.  Baby remains very stable on your back, even when bending over, and loves to be near you and have the birds-eye view instead of being relegated to something stationary near the floor.  You also don't need to track baby's whereabouts when they're crawling or walking about.The pocket on the back is sufficient for a COMPACT kit of diapers, cleansing tissues, change of clothes, hat, etc., and maybe a small bottle.The hip pad and belt adjust up and down about 4" to easily switch between a tall or short person with simple spring-loaded, pop-out, detents.There is a thin fabric strap and a plastic ring just inside the top rail on left and right sides to which your baby's favorite entertainment can be easily attached.-- Disadvantages of the Kokopax Carrier:The pocket on the back is too small to accommodate anything of significant size.  The original Gerry Carrier I used for my daughter had a simple fabric sling beneath the baby's seat that was convenient for carrying moderately-sized packages while shopping, and for maintaining a sufficient cleaning and changing kit that I didn't have to check it before every outing.  On the other hand, it does not have the added weight and encumbrance of an adjustable sun hood (a hat works better as you move around, anyway), large general-purpose backpack area, etc.The Gerry Carrier also had an (optional) terry-cloth covered foam pad around the top that was easily removed for washing.  This Kokopax has a nice padded top bar, but it's built in.  I've only used it for several weeks and haven't yet had to clean it from drool and dirty hands, but the time will come.  It looks like it will be relatively easy to clean, but I miss the idea of the Gerry Carrier's removable pad.The seat is not adjustable.  It is fixed at a pretty good compromise position, but I question how tall a baby can grow before they begin to ride high enough to feel top-heavy.  I carried my daughter on and off well into her twos with the Gerry Carrier's adjustable seat height.  My granddaughter is currently seven months old, very tall for her age, still rides pretty low in the saddle (she can still see over my shoulders, but currently prefers to look to the sides), and will continue to be able to use this carrier safely for a long time to come.-- Overall:I was tempted to rate this four stars, because it could still be better (like the original Gerry Carrier); but it's so much better than the alternatives, including the myriad baby backpacks available, that I decided to give it the full five stars.--Wayne