I love this gadget.  Compact, all-in-one, easy to use, FOOL PROOF, and ... gives me the CONFIDENCE to make my baby's food.I've read tons of web reviews and blogs about this product, and detractors seem to miss/misunderstand my 'category' of mom.  I cook when I can.  I bake when I get the chance but... mostly, I dont have the time or confidence to pull it off anything 'new'... AND clean up multiple utensils!So many blogs out there chastise the Beaba buyers for wasting money--telling us to buy cheap steamer inserts and dust off our blenders, food processors and food mills...  For my first baby, I listened to these moms (and the Beaba wasnt in the USA yet).  I bought the food mill; I pulled out the steamer insert... and.. I froze.  My baby ate NOTHING BUT JARRED (organic) FOOD!  till she could chew the foods in my comfort zone. Baby food, all the prep and the coordination of all these tools was all so daunting. I was terrified I'd get it wrong... or couldnt keep sterile enough... or would get lost in all the piles of things I'd have to clean after each prep!!THEN THE BEABA!  Little to clean, nothing to get wrong, no digging through drawers and juggling appliances in my limited space!  I LOVE IT! Call me a slacker mom!  But dont call me frivolous with money!!  Organic Baby food is $1.10 a jar and my baby would go through 4-6 a day.  I've had my Beaba for 6 weeks, and it's already paid for itself.BTW, you can adjust the consistency to your baby's taste as he grows.  I figure soon I'll just be using it to steam, not blend.  And... I doubt it will be a permanent fixture in my kitchen! But ... its paid for itself!  Carrots smell like carrots!!! and ... its given me a confidence that I hope extends to other culinary projects!  Slacker moms, buy it.PS Careful if you're reading those blogs re: Beaba and BPA.  Read ALL the blogs.  The most uptodate will lead you to the latest info promising this product IS BPA free.  There are blogs that appear current but have not updated this info.