UPDATE: It's over 4 years and 2 kids (3 meals a day) later and this chair is still going strong! everything still works perfectly, and has stood up to constant assaults and climbing from my now-5 year old (while his little sister is in it!) It's never tipped, and no parts have broken. The leather material is still in great condition. This thing is a tank. Highly recommend.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I got this chair after doing extensive research and comparing a lot of chairs in person, and I'm definitely happy with my purchase. I physically sat my 9-month-old in a bunch of chairs and worked all their moving parts. I was looking for a sturdy chair that folded easily, had adjustable seat height, multiple tray positions, and wasn't offensive to look at. This was the hands-down winner. There are a few small things that I would change, but overall It's a super solid chair and I would highly recommend it.  Here are the positives and negatives, as well as how I felt it compared to other chairs:POSITIVES:- All the main features work really well: it's easy to fold, stands on its own when folded, the seat height adjustment is smooth and sturdy, the tray is easy to maneuver with one hand, as is the recline feature- The highest seat height position is considerably higher than other chairs - I literally sat this side-by-side with the OXO and this seat was a good 6 inches higher, which to me was a big. I wanted my son to feel like he's in the mix and part of the action when he's in the chair and i'm doing stuff around the kitchen, not way down below eye-level- My kid feels very secure in the seat. I have a little mover and I was concerned that if I got a chair that wan't sturdy enough he would be able to either wiggle out of the harness or tip it over. I sat him in the nano folding chair and it felt very flimsy, and I also put him in the stokke with the infant seat harness and it just didn't seem like it would be able to contain him (that and it was impossible to get him in and out of).- The adjustable tray is great - I didn't realize how important this was until I sat him in the mamas & papas pixi chair. The pixi is cute and a great price, but the tray snapped in awkwardly in one position very close to my kid's tummy, so there was no extra room for him to grow with the chair.- The faux leather is really easy to wipe clean and looks really nice in our kitchen (i got black). It's soft to the touch, but still water/food proof (why they even make these high chair seats out of fabric is a complete mystery to me) - I have only been using for about a month but zero wear and tear so far on the material. (the seams in the seat *do* start to collect crumbs if you don't really scrape them out, but I think that's pretty par for the course with any high chair)- The recline feature is great - I think my son is a little old for it now because he's so active, but I would have loved to use this as a place to put him when he was a small infant, rather than in a chair on the floor. If you have a small infant this would be a great early investment. I'll definitely be using it earlier with our future babies. I was also talking to another mom who purchased the OXO sprout for her twins and she was bummed that it didn't recline because her boys take their bottles after lunch and are self-feeding and were having a hard time taking their bottles in the OXO because it was so upright.NEGATIVES:- The 5 point harness is slightly awkward to put together because you have to slide the shoulder pieces into the belt pieces before you can snap them into the main crotch snap, but the shoulder and lap pieces don't snap into each other, so this is a cumbersome process when the little dude is being squirmy. which is basically all the time.- As others have said, the locking mechanism isn't the most user-friendly. It's definitely inconvenient to have to hold 2 buttons down if you want to move the chair around. i would have preferred a foot lock like on a stroller. This is the most annoying feature, but definitely not bad enough to make me not buy an otherwise great chair.- the only wear and tear has been that the logos have almost completely rubbed off of the front, which I couldn't care less about, except for that I have smudged the metallic paint from the logos on hands a few times and had to stop feeding the kid to scrub it off so it didn't get in his mouth. Also not a big issue, just annoying.Peg Perego is definitely head and shoulders above the rest with this product. Bottom line: it's worth the $$ and I have already recommended it to multiple people.Please leave a comment if you have questions - I'm happy to answer as best I can.