Before purchasing this I read lots and lots of reviews and the negative ones seemed to focus on a few specific things:1) Safety.  Something about the clips underneath being metal and possibly hurting a child or something... this is crazy.  There is nothing on this chair that a baby could hurt themselves on.  Also, this chair is VERY secure when attached to the table and feels a lot safer than any booster seats I've seen.2) Cleanliness.  I have found that the fabric on this chair is very stain resistant and CAN be wiped down after meal time.  It's not vinyl or anything like that, so wiping it down does make it a little wet, so you need to have enough time between uses to let it dry, but it's still able to be wiped down daily and stay relatively clean.  The tray is easy to remove and put in the dishwasher, or wipe down in the sing. The only part of the chair that is a little hard to clean is the circular groove where the chair spins.  I have found that you can sort of feed the edge of a washcloth in from one end and spin the chair to push it along and it cleans up nicely.  Is this annoying? Yes, a little, but it really takes only like 30 seconds, so I don't see what the big deal is.  I guess if you are a clean freak then maybe this isn't for you, but I like to keep things relatively clean and I can do a 1 minute cleaning of this chair on a daily basis with only occasional (1 or 2 times per month) washes in the laundry.  When you do remove the seat cover for the laundry, it takes a little bit of time to remove and to re-install, but it's not difficult, and the seat cover comes out of the laundry looking great (i think someone said that it says do not machine wash, and it might, but I've had no issue using the washing machine).That addresses the perceived negatives.We LOVE this chair.  It is really easy to attach and detach (although we do leave ours up most of the time) and its great being able to turn the chair to the direction that makes the most sense.  Our 7 month old is now eating a variety of foods, but long before he was eating solids, we used this chair as a play station to allow ourselves to have a sit down mean or to get kitchen work done.  We have used it on a daily basis since about 4 months, and a little bit even before that, but our boy has always had sort of a strong core.  We did stuff some blankets behind him in the early days.  We've also used the chair for our one-year-old niece and she fit nicely and enjoyed the sit as well.  Not to mention the space savings.  We looked at this option because we didn't have space for a high chair.  I looked at this and at boosters.  We have used booster seats at relatives houses and while they work ok, I always feel like the baby is precarious on top of a chair an booster.  The high center of gravity makes me nervous, and the mobility of the chair itself makes me nervous.  This baby clamped onto my table feels safe, solid, and secure.  It's cozy for the baby, offers him plenty of viewpoints, and has been a real winner in our house.