My husband and I had our first child six months ago and after "test driving" a few strollers in the store, we decided to get this "Antiquity" travel system.  It was very easy to assemble and we couldn't wait to use it.  After six months, I believe is the most used item and best purchase we have made for our son so far.  As a newborn, the infant insert really helped protect his head in the car seat. The car seat itself is easy to click into place and remove for easy transfer from car to home without waking a sleeping baby.  As a newborn I just love that the stroller lays flat and can be used as a mobile bassinet it made going for walks so much more comfortable.  He's six months old now and likes to sit up, but I still use the "bassinet" mode for his naps in and around the house.  I'm able to roll him around the house while he sleeps, or outside if I need to be there.  It's a life saver - I even put him in it if I have to take a shower and keep an eye on him.  When the seat is upright, the stroller is comfortable and the cover is very adequate for keeping the sun or wind out.  One of the BEST features is that the stroller seat will pop out of the base and can be turned around, so now that he is older he likes to sit facing out and look around, but if it's too windy or I want to interact with him while walking we just flip it around and he's facing me.  It's great!!  The base is lightweight, so when going to the Dr. or shopping I take the carrier out and pop the car seat into the base.  I can fold it down and put it into the car with one hand even.  Again, you can decide which way you want the baby to face and switch him/her as needed or wanted.  The base with the car seat only or the stroller only or even when you pop the car seat into the stroller and have the entire system together is very easy to maneuver in busy stores, small waiting rooms or busy restaurants as the front wheels do a 360 turn.  We have also used the "bassinet" mode while traveling for him to sleep in when staying at a hotel.  This is such a versatile stroller and has been used in to many ways, I just can say enough good things about it!  I highly recommend this travel system for active parents who are in and out of the car a lot.