Evenflo Milk Collection Bottles,5oz,(4-Pack)These are great, they fit on the Medela I used so I was able to pump directly into them, they are good quality clearly marked, the lid fits well.  I used these to help me separate my pumping stages,. I am so glad that I bought these.5 ounce bottleRecyclabe and bpa freeCompatible with most standard nipplesThese do come with two piece lids and that can be a pain but its good in another way that you can use a nipple with the bottle original ring.I like to write reviews I wrote this review without a discount and I paid full price for this item!I like to purchase through amazon because I often find the best prices around.All my opinions are my own,  please feel free to ask any questions you may have.Great tips and reminders:  To clean: before using, boil all parts for 5 minutes to clean. After each use wash all parts thoroughly in warm, soapy water. Rinse thoroughly. Dishwasher-safe (top rack only).To thaw & feed breast milk: remove breast milk from freezer and allow to thaw in refrigerator several hours before use. Do not microwave breast milk. Before feeding baby, hold the sealed bottle under warm running water until milk is at room temperature. Gently invert the sealed bottle several times to mix the milk fat that has risen to the top during storage. Do not shake breast milk in the bottle when warming. Always test temperature of liquid before feeding baby.To store: pump directly into storage bottle or pour expressed milk into storage bottles. Fill containers 3/4 full, as milk expands with freezing. Ensure sealed bottle by pushing round silicone disc through top of cap ring, until it is snuggly seated to the cap ring. Screw cap ring onto bottle tightly. Write date and time milk was expressed on bottle using a grease pencil, or write on tape. Use storage chart as a guideline:Storage location - length of time recommended*:Unrefrigerated - up to 4 hrs.Refrigerated - up to 5-7 days.Freezer section separate from refrigerator (0 degrees F) - up to 3 mo.Deep freezer (-18 degrees F) - up to 6-12 mo.Use thawed milk within 24 hours.*Source: American Academy of Pediatrics.