I purchased the Rockabye (Newco) Sunny Glider/Recliner in Bella Velvet Coffee to surprise my wife (our son is due on Halloween!)I did a lot of painstaking research before finally choosing this chair...  I was seeking a comfortable / supportive glider that reclines and swivels, with easily cleanable / durable fabric in a neutral color...  Something that doesn't look like a 'traditional' baby glider, and can easily be transitioned into a piece of family room furniture when baby tasks are completed.This chair accomplishes all of my criteria, and my wife absolutely loves it!The chair arrived packaged securely with back separate from base, enclosed in plastic in a fairly substantial box.  The back slides onto rails and clicks secure to the base - very easily done.**If it doesn't glide freely after you pick it up or carry it, don't panic!  Set it in place, pull the lever to recline the chair, push the leg rest back into place and it will glide freely again!!  I guess it's some sort of locking mechanism (probably the one that engages while reclined)**The Velvet fabric is very soft, and the foam cushions are supportive and comfortable.  The frame is manufactured with kiln dried hardwood, and feels pretty sturdy (it didn't have any give or play at all when I carried it up the stairs).  The body of the chair is medium sized for a recliner, though the leg rest is a touch short.  My 5'1" wife's feet sit right on the end, however I'm 6'2", and it's just long enough to rest my calves.  I'm not going to dock a star, however, because it's still very comfortable and has enough support to counter the extra leverage of my leg overhang without retracting.  The back of the chair is tall enough to offer me neck support, let alone my wife.The coffee color is very pretty (coming from a dude, but my wife will back me up on that!) - the pictures don't do it any real justice at all!  It's neutral enough to go with pretty much anything.I noticed a few reviews calling this a rocker instead of a glider...  The one we received is definitely a gliding mechanism.We're very happy with our purchase of this glider, and can't wait to rock our son in it!!  Since this is a furniture quality piece, we're also looking forward to transition it into a family room recliner!Please keep your eye on pricing - it's tends to change pretty dramatically and somewhat regularly, so allow time and be patient.  You should be able to get up to around 47% off the "MSRP" without much effort.