We've had this growth chart for a year and a half now, so I thought I'd offer some feedback and suggestions for other buyers.First off, it was a great investment.  I bought this for my little girl for her first Christmas.  When I saw how pretty it was, I couldn't bear the thought of marking it up with a sharpie, which was my original intent.  I keep a perfect record of her heights at various ages in her baby book, so there was no urgency to start writing on the board as I could fill all the heights in any time.So finally after over a year with this growth chart, I decided how I wanted to record the heights.  I've been using little tiny butterfly stickers (which I stole from my daughter's sticker book).  The stickers blend in nicely with the cherry blossom design, but they aren't permanent so if I ever think of a different method, I can just peel them off.But let me recommend and even better way to use this growth chart.  Take your child's photo in front of it!  Instead of marking it all up, the photo will clearly show what height they were at any given time, you can take the heights as often as you want, and you could use it for as many children as you want.  I've even taken my teenage son's photo in front of it a few times just because it's fascinating to see how quickly he's been growing lately.  If anything ever happens to the growth chart, you'll still have your photos (assuming the are routinely backed up somewhere).Important tip if you want to do it with photos - take the first photo when they are tiny all the way zoomed out, so you can see the entire growth chart.  I made a dumb mistake when I took my daughter's first photo when she was a 2 foot tall baby and zoomed into her.  So now she's over 3 feet tall and if I were to put the photos side by side they aren't going to match up because the 3 foot line is cut off in my first picture, if that makes sense.  It's easier to see the change when everything in the photo is the same except for the growing kid.  It's always going to bug me that I didn't take the first photo zoomed out!