I love this thing!  My 3-month-old son was having the dreaded 45-minute nap intruder / monster and was just could not sleep through a nap without waking, like clockwork, every 45 minutes.  I could not get him to calm down and settle, his nap was ruined, and he'd be a crabby-mc-crabberson the whole rest of the day.  I got this from Amazon, and I started using it right away.  Now when he starts crying, I wake him a little, change his position, and turn this on.  He falls back asleep within 5 minutes or so and usually, if he wakes up, he will fall back asleep more easily.  It is loud enough to mask the sounds of me as I walk around the house, put away dishes, play with the dog, etc.  I don't put it on every time he sleeps because I'm not convinced it's great to get them used to loud white noise all the time, but I will continue to use it occasionally if the Nap Intruder should return or if something loud is going on.The snail has two light shows: one is a projection system that projects three images alternatingly on the ceiling.  The other one consists of the lights on the side of the shell that strobe different colors.  It is a peaceful strobing, though, not something you'd see on Saturday Night Fever.There are two buttons for sound.  One is the lullaby button, and it has, if I remember correctly, 5 different lullabies including Fur Elise, which is super-duper to hear on a snail.  The other button is the sound one, and there are a few different white noise types as well as a heartbeat sound.  The volumes go from very quiet to quite loud.Finally, there is a timer feature so you can set the sound to turn off at 15, 30, or 45 minutes.  This is an optional setting; you can set it to go on forever or until the batteries run dry (there is no adaptor).I use this with my Tenergy battery charger and C batteries I got here on Amazon as well.  It takes 3C batteries, so it is kind of a big snail, at least 10" tall.  He also comes with a little stand for the floor and some straps for hanging.I like it!  And it makes my baby pretty quiet, too!  Highly recommended!EDIT:  I've had this for three months now and it's been on the same set of rechargeable batteries that have not been recharged.  I use this every day!  Great battery life :)