I read all the reviews for all of the window shades on Amazon and this one seemed to be what we needed.  We tried roller shades in my Toyota Corolla S when my son was younger and he had those stretched out and broken in days not to mention they did not cover the whole window and they hung at an odd angle.  We then tried the cling film shades from Lands End and even though I could not get them on without bubbles they stuck...until my son peeled them off.  They also did not cover the entire window and that little stationary side window could not be covered by either of these shades.Our new Mazda5 has large second row windows and the sun is right in my 4 year old's face the entire ride around town.  He sweats and complains that it's too hot and the sun is burning him. Like I said, I researched on Amazon for hours and I liked the flexibility with the Brica Stretch-to-fit Shades and hoped that they would cover the whole window including the stationary side window.  They arrived quickly and I rushed our to the car to try them out.  They went up in seconds!  Pushed on the spring loaded suction cups and they stuck hard.  It took more time to unstick them so that I could reposition a little bit.  It's probably not necessary to put them all the way in the corners of the window and in fact by doing that it was hard to get to the little tab that you pull to release them from the glass, but you can still get a finger under them to pop them off if you can't get to the tab.  There are little snaps on the ends of the shade fabric so that you can take in slack from an angled window giving you a custom fit, which I love.  And yes, it covered the stationary side window, too!They are blocking out the light great, and it's easy for me to see through while driving.  Best part, my son can not pop them off!  As with the other shades, you can't roll down the windows with these on, but I have the windows locked so he won't play with them anyway, so not a problem.  My only worry about these is with the Southern heat in Georgia that the fabric and elastic on the shades will deteriorate and they will loose their stretchiness(and I will try to remember to update my review if that occurs).There is only one shade per package and I bought 2, so $26 dollars for shades was a lot (and why I gave these 4 stars instead of 5), but if I had found these before buying the others I would have saved some money.  I am thinking these will be the last shades I will need to buy for several years.