I have used a double wide jogger for a long time and wanted to switch to a single jogger with a stroller board for the times my 5-year-old gets tired or wants a ride.  I found a used Bumbleride stroller on Craigslist and was searching for generic stroller boards before I realized they had their own.  So I researched all the kinds and was debating between a Buggy board, a Baby Jogger board, and this one.  I am so glad I got this one even though it was more expensive, because it is well designed and fits the stroller perfectly since it was made for it.My biggest question was if it was going to be inconvenient while walking.  I will say the first time I used it, I thought so, but I have apparently since unconsciously adjusted my gait and now I don't hit it or mind walking with it.  I think because I am usually leaning forward a bit to walk faster while I have it on, so I am less likely to hit it.  It is well designed in that the wheels are high and wide, so my feet hit between the wheels and under the board.  The wheels are also blissfully silent.You do have to take the board off to fold up the stroller or go down stairs.  I live in the city where you have to go up stairs to get into any house, so at first I thought this was annoying.  But, now I am used to just taking the board off when I get home and putting it on after I get down the steps on my way out.  It is just two quick clips to get it on or off.  I do wish there was a way to hang it on the back of the stroller when not in use, as in when I go out with one kid to pick up the second kid.  But that's pretty much my only complaint.Also I will note that the new version I got comes with a piece of fabric between the bars in front of the board that prevents the child from stepping on the brake.  Proof that Bumbleride stuff is well designed and they respond to issues as they come up.All in all, I love this attachment.  It lets me have a small footprint stroller while giving me the option to transport two kids.  It's perfect for longer walks and things like a parade where it's crowded.  I use it every day and love it.