I was very leery of this monitor based on all the mixed reviews, but I took a chance on a great deal here and I was very pleasantly surprised! I am getting ready to have my third child and so wanted a video monitor again since the baby's room is upstairs and ours in on the main floor. My two older children (3 & 5) have had audio monitors ever since their Graco video monitors bit the dust, but I wanted a system so that I only had to deal with one handheld parent unit. However, many of the video systems that allow for multiple cameras don't provide sound when wanting to monitor all rooms (pretty pointless unless you plan on staying up all night!), or they are way overpriced in my opinion. We have a fairly large home with 3 levels and I can go downstairs to our basement in the very back corner and get a full strength signal from all my children's rooms on the 3rd level of our house. And I love that at night, I just turn on the scan and it monitors all rooms (currently 2, soon to be 3), where the only lag time right now is 8sec in between scan and 16sec when we add the 3rd camera to the system. The sound is good, the camera quality is great both during the day and night, and the pan feature is wonderful for my older children who can get in and out of bed. The only feature that I wish this system had was the talk-back feature, but for the difference in price between this product and the BabyTouch, I decided it wasn't worth the money. And, I did buy one of my extra cameras on clearance at Target which was new, sealed in the box but for some reason was losing signal when I went to various rooms in the house. I thought maybe it was an issue with having multiple cameras set up on the system and not being able to provide the same signal strength to all cameras, but after one call to Summer Infant, I was assured that this wasn't the case and they promptly replaced it at no charge to me. If you are thinking about buying this monitor but are concerned about the bad reviews, rest assured that this is a great monitor and that Summer Infant stands behind its products and will gladly replace if you receive a lemon.