I wanted a good old-fashioned baby bag that was whimsical, fun, had that special "baby" appeal, and had lots of compartments to hold a lot of baby and mommy stuff.  I thought it would be simple, but I was shocked at how a search at a couple of baby stores and all over the Internet yielded practically NO results!  Every bag I saw were just insulated high end-looking purses and tote bags masquerading as diaper bags.  Plus, they were ugly!  Who wants a brown baby bag?  Alas, this was the one and ONLY baby bag that was exactly what I wanted - and it's a good thing I like Snoopy!For around $30.00 this Snoopy diaper bag is a dream come true.  I love the canvas fabric, the soft blue colors, the multicolor automobile pattern, and the Snoopy and Woodstock appliqués.  This bag is styled in the manner of a medium-sized duffel bag, but it's square rather than round.  It has a main top compartment, a front wide compartment, a lengthy back slot compartment, side compartments each with an outside pocket.  All compartments except the back and outside side pockets are lined and have double zippers.  I'm not sure if it is insulated, though the main and front compartment do include sewn-on elastic loops for holding bottles or bottle-like items.  You might want to invest in an actual bottle bag for better preservation of hot or cold bottles.  The nylon webbed strap is adjustable.  The bag includes a tiny folding changing pad and a flat hard plastic case for wipes.I love this bag because at 15x9x11 inches, it's large enough to hold clothes, some bottles, a few flat books, and some other of my  accessories.  It's cute, and a lot of fun to use.  I can put it on the back of my strollers, both umbrella and travel system, put it in the large basket of the travel system, or carry it on my shoulder.I'm totally satisfied with my Snoopy diaper bag.  And considering it's a rarity among it's kind, I'm even more grateful for it, and I plan to use it for as long as possible.  I highly recommend this product.