**Update***We just returned from Disney World Florida after having spent a week in 95+ temperatures. We used 2 of these in our City Mini GT stroller for the duration of our stay and they worked great. As per some of the other reviews, the pads eventually became saturated with heat and needed to be 'recharged' but this was after 3hrs or so in the parks. Leaving them in direct sunlight exacerbated the issue and made them difficult to use, however, this is no different to the seat itself so I wouldn't say it was a flaw. I placed them in our cooler that had ice and cold water in it and they were really cold within 5 mins or so. If you are aware of the physics of how this product works then it is a really easy process to get it working consistently over the course of a day / afternoon. The only complaint we had was the difficulty in folding the stroller up with these on, you can do it but its easier to just pull them off.As a tip, if you are going to the Parks or a hot day for a prolonged period, pop them in the fridge to cool them off or periodically placed them in a cooler and you will have a really comfortable cool pad all day.We purchased 1 of these as an experiment based on some limited reviews we found. We were not expecting it to be a miracle cooling product but had hoped that it would help in the overall scheme of things. We were not let down. The material is not drastically 'cold' to the touch, and it isn't designed to be. However, if you keep your skin on it for a few seconds you can definitely feel the temperature differential between the Gel Liner and ambient air temp. This differential gives a great cooling effect and given the large surface area of the liner it really makes a difference to the comfort of your child.We liked it so much that we purchased an additional one so both children have them for our impending vacation. The fact they are reversible in color makes it easy to differentiate between who's is who's (1 boy 1 girl). I will update the review post Disney for a real hardcore review!