You would figure that using this kit is a no brainer, screw it in and pump right? There are no instructions that come with the set. Although I guess common sense should have told me to use the ring with the system, I didn't. The first time I pumped the bottle leaked on me. So I learned... use the ring! I am not lowering my rating based on this since it is my error for not using the ring.I also have found that I can pump directly into different brands of storage bags using this connector when I used my Medela pump with the very old Avent Naturally drop-in liner bottles (no longer sold but I occasionally see it on ebay). The drop-in liner bottles I have were given to me by someone who bought them ten years ago. These are the drop in bottles that came before the Avent Tempo Drop in bottles. I do not know if you could pump directly into the Avent Tempo with any type bags as I have not tried it. But with the original Avent Naturally drop in bottles, I can insert any brand storage bag with the zipper below the screw in part, attach the pump connector to secure the bag, and pump directly into a storage bag. This way I don't have to transfer from bottle to bag.Based on the product pictures and product description, I could not figure out a couple things:1. How many conversion connectors came with this set?This package comes with four connectors, 2 for the regular Avent bottles and 2 to fit the VIA storage system.2. Which pumps does the conversion kit work with? (these are the pumps as listed on the box)Medela pumpsEvenflo Comfort SelectAmeda Purely YoursLansinoh Double ElectricPlaytex EmbraceDr. Brown's Natural Flow Electric/ManualUPDATE: 01 April 2012I have been using the adapters for a couple weeks now and have had no leaks when using the ring. In the mornings I will pump directly into the avent bottles with Philips AVENT BPA-Free Classic Bottle Sealing Discs in place to store in the fridge. That way, my mom can just attach the nipple to the bottles. No more transferring from the Medela bottles (with the awful nipples that collapse due to the vacuum created when the baby drinks).As for pumping directly into storage bags, I have used the Nuk, Medela, and Lansinoh bags with the Avent drop-in bottles and find that the Lasinoh bags work the best with this system. I am ordering other types of bags to try... but so far Lasinoh bags work the best. If anyone is interested, I can post a picture of the adapters connected to the drop in bottles with the storage bags.