I did quite some research into reusable pouches (what a great idea!) on the market before deciding to go with Yummi Pouch. I would like to share my decision process and feedbacks after using. Hopefully, this is a comprehensive summary of all the product reviews (text+video) I read.There are about a dozen brands and basically two main designs: spout on the side with zipper on the top like Yummi, Little Green, Precious Tummies and GoFreshBaby or spout on the top with zipper at the bottom like ReSqueeze, Squooshi, U-Fill and Nourish with Style. There are other kinds that are more expensive and different like Beaba Babypote, which I am not going to cover.Initially, I was more inclined to the spout-on-top design as it is more close to the store bought ones. The spot design seems more natural. Cleaning also seems to be easier as water can rinse right through. However, depending on my specific use case where I make smoothies at night and need to store them in the fridge overnight and pack in lunch bag, the feature of being able to stand upright and not worrying about leaking at all (there are reviews about the zipper-on-bottom design leaks after some time eventually) wins me over. However, if you only make smoothies for use right away, it does not matter. I have seen reviews saying no leaks usually in a few hours, so you can just throw into the diaper bag for an outing.There are a few product feature highlights that I think is worth looking into and decide what matters to you the most.1. Double zipper - a must for no leaks. They pretty much all have it now except for U-Fill.2. Wide opening - very important to me for easy fill.  The widest are Yummi Pouch and ReSqueeze. The narrowest are Precious Tummies and GoFreshBaby based on how they look. Yummi Pouch sells a long-mouth pitch but I find it manageable just pouring from the blender directly. Spoon is not the cleanest but is needed to get the final bits out.3. Easy to clean - you need wide opening and no hidden corners. This puts Precious Tummies and Squooshi at disadvantage.4. Quality - not too flimsy that it becomes floppy. Nourish with Style and Squooshi have reviews saying that they are pretty thin. You do need some sturdiness for holding, drying or for some people putting them in dish washer.5. Price - Yummi Pouch has a pretty high value to price ratio especially on sale. I got mine for about $2/pouch. Regardless reusable pouches are going to save you in the long run. So maybe the upfront cost does not matter too much. You can choose based on your preferences on cute designs (quite subjective and plain is not necessarily a bad thing, see below), Made in USA or not and etc.6. Durability - this is the part that I cannot comment though I do see comments of them working great for a few months then loose the seal over time. There are reviews saying some can rip off if too tight. In my opinion, look for companies with good customer service which send out replacement without too much hassle. And buy a few extras.Yes, it works with fill stations (due to the spout completely on the side, it lays horizontally nicely) and most spout-on-top ones do. Being able to write on the back is great. And store bought caps are compatible with these caps.So I ordered 6 pouches from their site directly when they were having sales (no taxes but has shipping and I would suggest to check out their other products) with some reservations (easiness to use and clean). The only design improvement I would suggest is to have a tab for easy opening like Little Green pouch.So far I have enjoyed Yummi pouch a lot. I use daily and hand wash them. It is quite easy to clean. The fact that it stands makes it easier to clean the ones that get dry after a day from school. Rinse it, shake it and let it soak on the countertop before attempting to clean. However, special attention needs to be paid to the spout as I make green smoothies and bits do get stuck. I find it easy to just use a tooth pick for the really hard-to-clean areas.It is pretty sturdy and well made. I like the fact that you can see the food to know how much is left. It is actually a plus due to the "plain" design. Surprisingly, the little one needs no help what so ever to start enjoying and actually the width when held horizontally makes it easy to hold. For the other design, I would imagine since it is much bigger than the store bought ones (6oz vs. 3.5 oz), the bottom may sink and you will need to help to lift up in order to get everything out. I have made pretty thick smoothies that have no problem of getting them out.I am so pleased with Yummi Pouch that I ordered 4 Yummi Brights from Amazon when it was on sale ($8.99!). I plan to use them at a kid's party for each one to have a healthy pouch - both girls and boys!