If I could I would give it 6 stars! Boy do I love this chair!We are urban, minimalist, no nonsense people. I always dreaded the ugly plastic baby chairs I used to see at other people's houses. So we registered and got Eddie Bauer wood highchair for our baby shower. One word of advice - don't buy products such as chairs until you meet and get to know your child.We set up the EB chair and realized right away what a mistake it was buying it. It was gorgeous but totally unsafe and difficult to use. It had 1 point harness, the strangest contraption I've ever seen. We could imagine our kid hanging off the chair in a year or two. So we took it back and after much research and testing, we chose Malawi. We are so happy!1) We got both the vinyl and cotton covers, so when the baby is small we can use cotton, than later we'll move on to vinyl.2) Malawi has the wheels so we can move the baby with us when we're cooking, cleaning, or just moving out and about. We can even take the baby to our deck when we dine outside. EB chair was VERY heavy and no wheels so I had to lift or drag - a major pain in the you know what. The wheels can be locked or omitted if you don't want this feature.3) Unlike hard, uncomfortable EB chair, Malawi gives the plush, armchair type dining experience for our 8 month old kid. We put the cotton cover on top of the vinyl so it's extra padded and comfy. I used to have to put rolled up towels on both sides in order to keep our baby upright.4) Malawi reclines, where EB doesn't. Major plus with the tiny ones who don't sit on their own yet. Also the fact that it has different hights is a wonderful feature. We can play real low or dine real high.5) My only issue is with the tray. Tray is not really one-hand release. It's heavy and bulky and it took me some time to get used to it. Unlike Fisher Price Healty care chairs it doesn't really slide into place with one hand. However, the dishwasher tray is large and covers the whole tray which makes cleaning a snap, plus you get an extra one in the box to use when the first one is in the dishwasher being cleaned! How cool is that!Also, the tray is a bit too high for our kid, but we'll just keep it in the closet for now.6) This chair is by far the most comfortable out of all the ones my baby tested. I like that unlike Fisher Price Healthy Care chair it doesn't have reclining lever in the the middle of the head rest. Also the chair cover is longer than on any other chair. I was under the impression that Fisher Price vinyl cover sharp edging would be cutting in my kids legs.7) Malawi is very pretty green and blue color, but if you don't like plad you have a choice of solid blue or solid green covers. The 5 point harness is nice and tight and you can remove it to clean it.Hope this helps and you consider this chair.