For the price this set is unbelievable- and trust me I've been through a lot of children's sets. We seem to inevitably lose dinnerware. This set comes with:6 bowls (2 cup capacity)6 cups (1 cup capacity)6 plates6 forks6 spoons6 dinner knivesThere are one of each in the following colors: blue, green, orange, bright yellow, bright pink, and purple.The plastic is microwave safe. I have not yet tried it with a dishwasher (we don't have one) so I can't determine how well it holds up in that. But we've made plenty of things in the microwave including reheating meals, oatmeal, and chicken nuggets.The cups are small and ideal size for kids ages 4 to 12. The flat bottom keeps them from spilling. The bowls are a bit small- but once again work good for kids ages 4 to 12. They also have flat bottoms which are great for preventing spills. They're also light-weight enough for kids to eat on the go with. We use them for bedtime snacks too. The plates are really neat because they have high sides. The sides go up about 1/2 and inch. Perfect for keeping things from spilling off the sides when kids are picking at their food! They are a bit small (desert plate sized) so they're more ideal for kids ages 3 to 8.The spoons, forks, and knives are actually quite big. I was expecting them to be child sized, but they're adequate for adult use too. The spoons hold enough soup for a nice bite. The forks are sharp enough to actually grab onto things. And the knives are great for letting kids learn to cut their own soft foods. They are a bit large so I'd say they're best for kids ages 6 to 12. But even I, as an adult, use them comfortable during meals.This whole set is pretty cute. The different mix and match colors let all three of my kids personalize their meals. The light-weight design is great for on the go and picnics. We can take them places and easily store them away. The plastic easily wipes clean too. Always a plus. The main things I'd like to point out is that the plates have high sides- GREAT for toddlers! But the other silverware is a bit large for little kids. Even so if you have an array of ages in your home- like I do; these are perfect!