While we all know that the Britax seats are some of the best, most of us are not able to fork out that kind of cash for a carseat - especially since most of us need more than one.  I did weeks of searching, comparing, checking out at the store, shopping around, looking at reviews, etc. trying to find just the right carseat.  I wanted something that would keep kiddo safe, be easy to use, look nice, fit in my small car while still rear-facing, and that I wouldn't regret spending my well earned money on.We absolutely love this seat!  It's comfortable for one thing.  When I first took it out of the box I had to laugh cuz it looked more comfortable than my recliner in my living room!  My daughter was starting to get kinda cramped in the infant seat we had bought for her.We like the straps in this for two reasons: 1) They don't have to be unthreaded, adjusted and rethreaded through slots that are hard to see, let alone fit a strap through - you simply move them up and down.  It's nice since in the summer you can slide them down and in the winter when the child's wearing sweaters & coats and such you just slide them up a little.  2) The straps adjust DOWN.  I always felt like I was going to slice into the soft skin on my daughters neck while adjusting the straps up over the shoulders.  With this one, you just pull down until all the slack is at the sides on the bottom and then twist the knob until it's tight.  Wha-la.We also like the adjusting knob.  It's easy to use and very nice.  No more dangling strap between baby's legs.  Just twist the knob to tighten.  Push the little lever and twist the knob in the opposite direction to loosen.  Very easy.It's also really easy to get the cover off for washing.  My daughter recently managed to get a lid off of her cup and poured it all over herself and the seat.  I took the cover off, washed it in the washing machine on gentle cycle, dried it in the drier for 15 minutes on low heat and then let it sit out overnight to finish drying.  It was dry and ready to be re-installed in the morning.It's also easy to move this carseat around in the car.  The base is very "seat friendly" meaning it fits nicely in the middle of the car.  In my car, the middle seat is down a little lower than the two side seats (not as much padding in the middle) and it fits nicely into the little groove without overlapping onto the side seats.Anyways, if you were on the fence about what convertible seat to buy, I hope I have been able to help you make your decision.  We liked this seat so much, we bought a 2nd one for Daddy's car and will be soon purchasing another for Grandma's car.