I love the Re-Play silverware. This is the second set I've bought because we misplaced a couple of forks over time. The most important feature was that the forks actually have tapered prongs so that a child holding the fork can use it to stab food and pick it up. Many MANY of the other toddler silverware sets we received had forks with blunted or squared off ends. This gives those forks the general appearance of being a fork, but none of the functionality. They may have well as been a spoon with gaps in it. Sure, the blunted ends of other plasticware may keep your child from poking himself, but it will also keep him from poking food and feeding himself. These Re-Play forks do not have this issue. From macaroni noodles to pieces of mango, we have seen successful self feeding with these forks.Onto the spoons. The spoons are also great! They have a wide, yet fairly shallow bowl with a little bit of a flattened lip around the edge. Other spoons we tried had deeper bowls which presumably keeps the liquid from spilling out. However, it also keeps the child from getting the food out. With a deep bowl, they can only manage to get the top half of what's in the spoon without manipulating the spoon into different positions. With the shallow bowl, everything on the spoon gets in the mouth in each bite. Maybe they will spill more, but if the kid is learning to use a spoon, it doesn't matter how deep you make it, there's going to be a mess either way. I wish I could post some pictures of the differences between these utensils and other brands we tried. Unfortunately, after we saw how much more success we were having with the Re-Play set, we got rid of the rest of them.Other bonuses about this product are that it is made in the USA, they are made from recycled materials (milk jugs), and most importantly are dishwasher safe. We've been using our first set for 10 months on a daily basis for breakfast, lunch, snacks and dinner. We have had no warping, discoloration, or any other quality issues. The only problem we had is that we lost some! I would highly recommend this cutlery set to anyone working with a child on self-feeding.