I received this stroller as part of a giveaway - great timing, as we're just starting to look around for an umbrella stroller to complement my existing Britax B-Agile. Overall, I like this stroller a fair amount - however, there are some flaws in the design that still need to be worked out, perhaps since it's a very new product.The big selling point of the Yezz is that it's very lightweight and can fold down into a compact package that you can then sling over your shoulder. This is definitely true -- its light (around 11+pounds) and when folded, looks like a big metal tripod. The design is pretty ingenious and it's definitely carry-able. The Yezz is also incredibly maneuverable (better than almost any other stroller I've tried out) - you can steer easily with one hand, and it makes a tight almost 360 degree turn.  That, coupled with the Yezz's narrow and compact vertical profile, makes it very easy to maneuver around corners or people. On a smooth stretch of road, it feels like you're practically dancing with the stroller! I was also originally concerned that it might be flimsy, and that the seat would be too "floppy" to properly support my child. However, the frame seems sturdy, and the canopy is stretched taut in such a way that the seat seems comfortable and fits around the baby in a snug hammock-like effect. This is definitely a plus - my baby is still a little small for my full-size stroller and tends to slump to one side, the Yezz appears to correct this problem. However, once the ground gets uneven or gravelly, it's a bumpier ride. I did feel that it ended up being less bumpy than I expected, given how light and compact the Yezz is, and my baby didn't seem to mind. I wouldn't suggest using this on sand or extremely rocky roads though. The Yezz has a very nice canopy cover, with a clever drop-down visor that helps cut out even more sunlight. I do wish that there was a mesh "window" in the cover so that you can see your baby though it. The material is a lightweight nylon that seems easy to wipe, and good for warmer weather. You can even switch out the color of your canopy if you'd like, which is a cute customizable option as the Yezz has really gorgeous bright colors that really make it stand out in a crowd.What I don't like about this stroller -- the opening up and folding down motion is EXTREMELY STIFF. This is a major problem for me, since it defeats the whole purpose of being able to handle the stroller one-handed. The instruction videos online makes it seem like it folds out very easily, with just a small push of the leg. NOPE - it takes a lot of strength (even my husband had problems) to push the foot bar such that the stroller would latch open. The solution we've found to make it slightly easier (still hard though) is not to use your entire foot on the bar, but only to perch your toes right on the horizontal lower bar (this will make more sense if you actually see the Yezz). For some reason, this changes the angle of the force you exert, which makes the Yezz easier to open. Same difficulties with folding it down -- I can't do it with my foot alone, instead, I need to crouch down (with my hand on the "push" button on the handle bar) and push the mechanism close. After you get past that initial push, it's relatively easy to fold down the frame and tuck the canopy away, but wow, it's really quite a chore to get it going. So much for the one-step fold. I really hope that over time and with more use, the mechanism will get looser and make the YEZZ easier to use. Another problem is that the brake (on the right back wheel) doesn't seem very strong in "locking" the stroller in place -- you can essentially dislodge the braking mechanism if you start pushing the stroller forward. No storage area, except a pocket at the back, which you can only use for small things and be careful that it doesn't dig into your child's back. I also wouldn't dangle anything off the stroller handles.  Another small peeve of mine - the Yezz's crotch strap is a fixed length and doesn't adjust -- you need to change the shoulder straps to fit your baby. This is somewhat annoying because as your baby grows older, the buckle will have to go lower and lower, and it's a bit of a tight fit.Overall, I like the stroller enough to keep using it and to put up with the difficulty of opening and closing. But if you're buying for the convenience of the over-the-shoulder carry, and the maneuverability (huge advantages, especially for urban city-dwellers and frequent airplane travellers), just be prepared that getting it open and close is a real hassle. I'll update this review after I've used it for a while to let you know if the stiffness improves!UPDATE: It's been a while and I wanted to update everyone on the main flaws with this stroller. After a while, you get really used to folding and opening the stroller, and it's a lot easier now. It's less stiff with use, and once you've figured out how to kick it open, it's a lot easier. The problem with the crotch strap is still an issue, so be aware that the stroller probably won't go past 2/3 years, especially in the winter with puffy coats, but it can't be beat for sheer manueverability, and convenience. Upgraded to 4 stars!