We have been using this potty for our 2 1/2 month old (yes, you read that correctly) for a few weeks now.  While she is still too small to actually sit on it by herself (she'd fall right in), we hold her over it when we think she needs to empty the tank and have had much success with it.  Before you jump down my throat over why I shouldn't be using this for such a tiny baby, I'll defend myself by saying sometimes she will fuss uncontrollably and it will calm her immediately to have her diaper removed and have the opportunity to relieve herself without the confines of a diaper.  This potty has been a wonderful solution to that problem.It's definitely small, but since my baby is a particularly petite baby to begin with, I reckon she'll probably be close to completely potty trained before she outgrows this.  It's a nice size for us right now, however.Cleaning it is relatively simple with dumping the waste into the toilet, rinsing it out, then wiping it down with disinfecting wipes.  One feature I really would love to have in this is a pour spout somewhere to make dumping the waste a cleaner task.  Because of this lack of design feature, you are faced with two options when emptying the potty out: flip it upside-down really fast to avoid getting waste spread around the edges (never tried it...sounds too risky) or pour it out over the side and be faced with the waste spreading all over the side you dumped it from.  I'm sure nobody is a fan of dripping baby pee and poop or having to wipe up more than necessary.  A pour spout would have been a simple solution to this problem.Otherwise, we are completely pleased with this product.  I can imagine having a second one for the car down the line might be a good investment considering how reasonably priced it is.Update: We still use this now that our daughter is five months old.  We saw that Ikea has a $5 potty, so we got one to have a secondary use potty.  I hate to say it, but Ikea perfected the "spout" design to cleanly pour out waste.  The Ikea potty is bigger and the opening is wider, so we have to be more careful about her backside falling in and it appears to be a bit more uncomfortable for smaller babies.  For that reason, I still prefer the size and shape of the Baby Bjorn potty.  I wish these two potties could get together and create a perfect design for little babies :)