I used these last year when we went on several international flights and stayed in a hotel. Usually, I take 2-3 bottles, and dishwashing liquid in a small container with me. I spend a considerable amount of time washing bottles in hotel sinks or bribing my husband to wash bottles in the plane lavatories or airport restrooms.I think that the price you pay is more for the sanity you save by tossing these into the recycle bin after use and not having to "live" in the restroom washing bottles when you could be catching a flight or resting during what could be one of the more stressful times in your life as a parent i.e. flying with small children/babies. There is enough to worry about during long flights/while looking for gates etc. It's also reassuring to know that these are clean and fresh as opposed to the bottles you just washed in a plane lavatory sink where who knows how many people have washed their soiled hands since the last disinfecting. They're also ready for use at a moment's notice and as long as you have planned to have enough for your flights/travel, you don't have to worry about rushing to wash bottles before the next feeding. With these, I purchase bottled water after security check and keep it in my carry on to mix with instant powdered milk which is already pre-measured and ready.The only con I can think of (price is justified in my opinion, recycling makes me feel I am not contributing to waste), is that your baby might not take to it due to it being different than what they're used to. At first I had a hard time convincing my baby, but after several tries, she eventually did, and I ended up purchasing a box right before a long flight. Luckily she had been used to room temperature milk, so I just had to pour in the water, pre-measured formula, close the top and shake. It's done in under 20 seconds. Now if someone were to say "instant milk has too much sugar", "i would never pay $$ for disposable bottles" etc, I would just say that whatever it takes to keep your child calm and comforted (and quiet) as well as make your life easier during traveling, I'm willing to try. It's worth it for the short period of your life that you will spend in the air and in airports.