They say as we grow into our twilght years we often revert to child-like behavior. While I'm years away from Social Security, the desire to eat my food in nifty little toddler-approved compartments--with fewer bowls and plates to clean-- makes tv tray style dining quite appealing. And as an adult who still gets a little hissy over side dishes running into the main course, I thought I'd order a few divided trays. Of the 3 I bought here on Amazon, this one is my favorite.I tried a hardcore option, the BIA Divided Tray (as featured in a trendy magazine/site that sells Goods that are Un Common). It is heavy, can be placed directly into an oven, and is by far the most chic of my test tray purchases. But if you drop it? Good Heavens, it weighs like six pounds! But I think it's won design awards and the craftsmanship of the natural stoneware is impressive. Did I mention the BIA weighs as much as a baby walrus? The Green Eats is lightweight, won't send you to the ER if you drop it, and, most shocking of all, divides your food. And just as well as any foreign award winning divided tray. Yay!  They're equals in division. But the BIA costs 2X more...though fo sho it's the tray of discriminating, classy couch potatoes.My 2nd tray is the metal and very utilitarian Winco SMT-2 Mess Tray. Doesn't just hearing that name transport you right back to your favorite summer in prison??  Ah, good times. This tray is much better than the Green Eats tray in that when you bang it against the table, it offers a very satisfying and resounding 'clink!'! The Winco SMT-2 has more divisions, making it a great option for civilians who like a lot of condiments and dipping sauces. Like law-abiding me. However, it grows warped very quickly, thus not sitting flat on any given hard surface. So having my left side peas sit up 2 inches higher than my right side mashed potatoes feels unjust and, I fear, riot-inducing. The Green Eats tray has remained level. I ordered in blue which is also nice and soothing. They say.In closing, I tried out the competition and due to its BPA-free recylced plastic, lightweight but durable design, dishwasher hardiness, and attractive appearance the Green Eats tray proved victorious. I can mix and match my food as I see fit--no touching allowed. (Which should really be the Winco's SMT 2's slogan). Divided food makes moms and toddlers happy and picky 37-year-olds too. I am withholding one star because my sole gripe with the tray it's just not quite deep enough...it's forcing a bit of portion control. Not always a bad thing. I think if Green Eats would add a bit of non-slip material to the bottom-- as yes, this tray can get slippery... tho no silly, I don't play with my food--then you'd have yourself a 5 star product.