So I was hesitant to buy these teethers because of the reviews. I decided to give them a chance though because I have several toys by Green Sprouts and i-Play and those are some of my sons favorite toys. I ended up buying two. I got the "Cool Hand Teethers" and clear ring. I am glad I did because my son absolutely loves these things. Now I want to start out my review by addressing a few things mentioned in some of the negative reviews.1) "It bursts when I sterilize/boil/freeze it!"I want you to think about how water works. When you get water too hot what does it do? Boils. In a small space that would create what? Pressure. When you freeze water what does it do? It expands slightly. Creating what in a small space? Pressure. Where exactly did all of you think the pressure was going to go???? Granted the packaging does not say to not freeze or boil, but at least the boiling should be common sense. On the boiling front, while the packaging does not say not to, for the care instructions it does say to wash with warm water and soap. So it told you how to clean it. On the freezing front. This was off putting to me at first when trying to find a teether until I did some research. Pretty much all the "cool" teethers out there are not meant to be frozen. I think this must be one of those things our parents did so we all assume that these products are supposed to do this when in fact they are not. There are some terry cloth teethers I may suggest for you that are meant to be put in the freezer. Maybe they should have a thing that specifically says not to boil or freeze but again, I think the fact that it does not tell you to should be a bit of a hint.2) "It's too hard/big for my infant"I honestly don't get where people are getting these are too hard. Yeah there isn't a lot of give to them, but to me that is a good thing. When you baby is teething they want to apply pressure to the gums to help with the pain. Something soft and spongy isn't going to do that. As for too big it depends on what one you bought. The hands say on them 3+ and my son is 6 months old so I really don't know how well these would have fit in his mouth then. Those complaining about the ring though....it says 6+ on it and it fits in my sons mouth just fine. He has been going to town on it at every turn.3) "It doesn't reach the back teeth."I can tell you on both of these teethers that neither of them are supposed to reach the back teeth. There is a little picture on the top right corner of the packaging that highlights the front teeth on both of these teethers. Neither of these are supposed to reach the back.Now all of ^^^ that being said. Let me go on to my experience with these teethers so far. They were very easy to clean and as soon as I cleaned them I put them in a storage container and put them in my fridge. I didn't get a chance to time how long the hands stayed cold but the clear ring stayed cold for a while. It was really cold for about 3 minutes. Still pretty cold at 5. Then at about 7 it was pretty much room temp. So I would say, at least with the ring, that it holds in cold pretty well. I am keeping all of them constantly in the fridge so that if my son is teething bad I can take the warm teether from him, hand him a cold one, and put the one he just had back in the fridge. Just switch them out. Which is one of the things I liked about the hands. There are two so you can do this method at a pretty decent price. Texture! The texture on the ring is what I think really gets my son. There are several shapes that stand up on the ring that are on each little circle and he is loving running his gums along them. It also makes the ring in general just seem really cute too. The hands have a bit of a lighter texture, with them just being bumps but he still seems to enjoy them. Size! The sizes on these are pretty perfect to me. The hands are actually a little bigger than I thought they would be, but that is a good thing. Their thickness is about what I thought they would be. My son has a very easy time getting the "fingers" in his mouth and he will actually start on one and then move his way along to the other ones. The ring was super thick. I didn't think my son would be able to get it in his mouth, but he managed to just fine. Like I said he has been going to town on that thing. I have to help him now and again as it makes it's way around his arm and he can't get it off, but he is all smiles again once it is in his hands. The materials! I looked into Green Sprouts a while back and they are such a great company. Yes these toys are made in china. None the less Green Sprouts has listed on their website all the different things they avoid. I commend them on not only keeping BPA out of their toys but also BPS. It makes me feel secure in what is going into my sons mouth.So all together both of these are great toys as long as you are using them correctly and are giving them to a baby of the right age. Keep in mind that all babies are different. Just because the ring fits in my 6 month olds mouth does not mean it will fit in yours as yours may have a smaller mouth. Just because the hands don't fit in someone else 3 month olds mouth doesn't mean they won't fit in yours. Baby's grow at different rates. So if the sound and look of these teethers make them appealing to you I would give them a try. If they are too big for your baby then just tuck them away till your baby is big enough to use them. They are worth having. I have included pictures of the teethers and of their packaging.