Our new baby was a few days old when the lactation nurse at the hospital declared she wasn't gaining enough weight and handed us a few bottles of formula and hospital nipples to supplement. Two feedings later, baby started chewing on mom's nipples! My wife and I were frantic! Not only did all of baby's hard-earned latching technique go out the window, but we were faced with a catch-22, stop supplementing and the baby starves, keep going and screw-up her breast feeding even more.We tried raiding the local Babies R Us for breast feeding nipples. None really helped, we tried cup feeding but baby spilled more than she ate. A follow-up consultation taught us finger feeding (taping a feeding tube and syringe to your finger and squirting formula into her mouth as she sucked on it). That got her breast feeding under control, but it took 15 minutes to supplement 1/2 oz of milk / formula. Thanks to a breast infection (mastitis), we were down to one feeding breast and combined with the need to pump 3-4 syringes of milk / formula, we were back to searching for a better breast feeding alternative.We stumbled onto the Calma and were desperate enough to cough-up the $24 to try it. When we introduced the Calma, baby chewed on it for a moment... no milk! Then she started sucking and bingo! She was feeding in about a minute. A few more tense feedings went by and she didn't relapse into chewing on mom's last working breast so I guess it worked!I think the Dyson analogy is a good fit for this product. It is relatively expensive and not everybody agrees with it. But it is clear that real research and engineering went into this product. We like the fact that baby needs to use the breast feeding sucking technique to extract her meal. Baby can still get overwhelmed by the flow if she hoards too much food before swallowing. We agree with other reviewers about the need to "prime" the nipple by dabbing some formula on it so baby knows its food. You can do this by pinching the nipple and pulling a few times to "suck" some milk out.To mitigate the cost, we've discovered that the Calma fits on most standard bottles (Ameda pump bottles & Dr. Brown without the tube works for sure), so just go for the top and save a few dollars. The provided Madela bottle isn't really worth the extra $4, a quick check with a kitchen measuring cup shows that the markings are not even accurate! This could be a problem for mixing formula. We wash the Calma after every feeding and may try a more cost effective standard nipple in a month or two.As far as the disclaimer that it is for breast milk only, I can attest that properly mixed formula (no clumps) works just fine. Sounds like there may have been a PR battle between the lactation consultants association against Madela promoting formula in a "works like breast feeding" bottle.When it's 3:00 am in the morning, with a screaming baby, wife in tears and your hand cramped from squeezing feeding syringes, $20 suddenly doesn't sound like too much for a little sanity.