Please please please do not be thrown off by the "big" price on this little toy. It is worth every penny. Honestly if Amazon is telling you "Hurry only (insert low number here) left," quit reading this review, order at least one, and come back to finish reading about your purchase because I put time and effort in this review. This is a great toy. We ended up getting three, one for the house, car, and diaper bag. Our son has medically intractable focal seizires nearly constantly. They are not triggered by light and somehow he is often able to stop/lessen them when distracted by toys. This toy has become our go to for his seizure control, but would be great for any baby.The head lights up and changes between red, green, and blue, and is pretty bright when used in the dark, but not so bright that it should bother baby's eyes. The rattle makes a nice happy sound, like lightly shaking a mostly empty box of tic tacs. The mirror is actually worthy of being called that, unlike many toys whose plastic mirrors resemble cheap warpy fun house mirrors that practically scratch themselves when you look at them. I suppose you could even use it to line your eyes in a pinch.We've had our first one for only a little over a week, so I cannot comment about battery life, but the batteries are replaceable. Lights change with tapping or shaking of the toy and there is no way to turn it off (light goes out on its own after sitting still for 30 seconds or so, but comes back on with slight movement...Don't quote me on the time as I haven't actually timed it and I'm now holding my sleeping baby so I'd dare not go get it... .) so if it's always in your diaper bag you'll probably have to replace them sooner than later.The black and white base and the "handle" part have nice rubbery raised spots, and the handle is the perfect size for my now five month old son.As far as durability is concerned, of course we've dropped it. Never from more than about three feet high, but on hard surfaces such as wood and even un carpeted restaraunt flooring (I assume concrete) and he has held up nicely through his tumbles. I actually even dropped him on a ragged concrete parking garage today (to my horror), but picked up Mr. Nogginstick to find only three tiny little dots peppered on his face. They are difficult to see and didn't seem to affect the integrity of the plastic and the plastic stayed clear instead of taking on a white cast in the damaged area as clear plastic often does. All that being said please bear in mind we've had this toy for a week.I sincerely am grateful for this toy and it's ideal design for my son specifically. Honestly, I wish I'd come up with it he loves it so much!After you buy your Nogginstick (or two), check out the OBall (I suggest the original to start with for younger babies. It's so light and easy to hold, even for kids who don't get grasping too well.)  I also suggest the Sassy wonder wheel.