This stroller is -awesome-! If you're wondering why I list cons and also give it five stars, it gets all five stars because for the price and convenience, I love it. Five stars means "I love it." So there. If you disagree with my rating, feel free to write your own review, and if you would like clarification on anything, please ask! I really appreciate the positive ratings, so if you really think this is "not helpful," ask for clarification and I'll do my best to help! This is a "short and sweet" review on my experience. If you're looking for a full break down of every possible feature, there are other reviewers who love to help with those!PROS:CLICK FEATURE: The click feature (when paired with the ClickConnect SnugRide 35) is so fast and easy. It is worth it for that alone.TODDLER FRIENDLY: The fact that my toddler can use this and not get bored because there is a myriad of ways for him to stand/sit on it was another huge selling point. Sometimes he really doesn't want to sit, but standing on the back is acceptable. When we are in a place like the mall or walking along the road, I find it important to keep him "attached" to the stroller because I am anti-child leash. He is still too young to really understand "don't jump in front of the cars," so this stroller, with its versatility, keeps him happy and gives me peace of mind.EASY TO CHANGE: When you take just a little while to actually read the manual and understand the thing, it is very simple to change the positions around.FOLDS UP FAST: Need I say more? It takes three seconds to get it folded.CONSHEAVY: It is heavy. I am a weakling, and I am also hoisting the thing onto the bed of a full-sized Tacoma. I have to be careful to not pull it down and smash my feet, but it is doable. My husband has no problem and makes fun of me for it, so who knows? I bet if I got back to the gym, I wouldn't even notice the weight.ASSEMBLY: The instructions are clear, it just took a little longer than I anticipated to get the stroller put together. My husband helped when I got frustrated, but I bet if my head was clear, I wouldn't have had a problem.CUP HOLDER: It is just so small. I only ever carry water bottles, and to give you some perspective, a 16oz Aquafina is too wide. My Nalgene bottle is too wide. My narrow Contigo water bottle is too wide. The smallest SmartWater bottles ARE thin enough. You can find cup holder expansion apparatuses online, but I haven't bothered. I just put my water in with the baby or ask my toddler to hold onto it.