I ordered this stroller last week and it came in a few days ago. Its EXACTLY what I was looking for and I LOVE it! The height is perfect for me because I am short, but also tall enough for my husband to push comfortably without having to bend over at all. I particularly like the organizer/cup holder between the handles. That is something not very umbrella strollers have. It has 4 separate cup holders plus 4 small little pockets, and then a slightly bigger zippered area for other things. The basket underneath is handy too, although it is a little tricky to get things in and out of. Ive found its much easier to just hang my diaper bag on one handle. it also has two little pockets on either side beside the seat. Although Im not really sure what they could be used as. The canopy is really no different than any other umnrella stroller, so its not like you can expect much. The slight recline is nice too. Of course its not as much as a full size stroller, but its an umbrella stroller...so it can only recline so far. Its perfectly reclinable for my 5 month old son. He fell asleep in it fine, and actually stayed asleep in it for 30 mins. It also has a 3 different level adjustable 5 point harness that grows with your child, which i really like! Another review I read said its not tall enough to carry a child that is 50 lbs, but if you take the canopy off Im pretty sure it will. But honestly, what 50 lb kid is going to want to ride a stroller? And even if they did, Im sure they wouldnt care if the canopy was on or not. I also read that lots of people had problems with the front wheels wobbling too much. that is NOT the case with mine! They may wobble SLIGHTLY every now and then but its usually only on a rough surface. Other than that, I have had NO problems at all with this stroller! I am so glad I found this one and didnt get a cheap one from wal-Mart. And my son loves it just as much as i do. Even better than his big stroller. He is at the stage where he wants to sit up, but even in his big stroller he cant get as far up as he wants. With this one, he seriously will ride in it for a long time and hardly make a sound. Which is unlike him lol. I think its because he can sit straight up. I recommend this stroller to any parent looking for this type of stroller and wanting to get a good deal! Im sure we will get many years out of it!