I know what you're thinking...this is an expensive stroller. It is, but it is so well worth it! I haven't seen another lightweight umbrella stroller out there that has all the features this stroller has! My husband and I are pretty picky about baby items. We do tons of research and then when we find the one we think is the right one for us, we do more research...We wanted a stroller that didn't take up too much space in my trunk, was lightweight and wasn't so bulky when strolling through store aisles, etc. We had an Eddie Bauer travel system and that was just way too bulky. It was great for the first few months of our baby's life, we felt he was safe and secure  and comfortable, but now that our son is a year old, we wanted something that would fit him just right.I looked at every store and online and found umbrella strollers that were cheaper, but nothing really compares to the Pliko that we have. This stroller had the tray and cupholder we wanted, it had a large enough basket on the bottom, it has a parent drink holder (which could hold only small drinks or a water bottle), it is lightweight, has an adjustable canopy (which is what won my husband and I over), that can completely cover our son when it either gets too sunny or cold, has the adjustable handle bars, to adjust for taller or shorter people, whichever makes a person comfortable, has a fully reclining seat that is the most simple thing to operate! It clicks into position behind the seat using just one hand, so when baby is sleeping, you won't wake him up! There is padding on the sides for baby's head, so when he does fall asleep or when he just wants to lean to one side, he won't get hurt. It is easy to fold; just click on the sides of the handles and pull on the lever and it locks in place. The maneuverablity is awesome! So lightweight and easy to push! I personally love this stroller, it is something that was well worth the money, since both my husband and I wanted something that would last until my son is three. It's pretty stylish, but beyond that, it is a great stroller, with everything that a parent would think of to make life just a little bit easier.