We have three different diaper brands in our stash: 36 OsoCosy prefolds that we use with snappis and 8 Thirsties Duo Wrap Snap covers, 12 Charlie Banana pocket diapers, and this 1 Alva Baby diaper.  I purchased this single Alva diaper because our Charlie Bananas are great, but they were donated to us by a friend and are size small, so they will only last a little bit longer on our currently 12 1/2 pound 4 month old.  Our prefolds and Thirsties are great, but we really love the ease of pocket diapers, and the Thirsties will only last up to 18 pounds.  I decided to test out this Alva because we will eventually have to replace our entire diaper stash when our little one grows out of the prefolds/Thirsties, and let's face it - these Alvas are muy affordable!  We have had this Alva for about 2 months now (I was able to prep it in about 3 washes) and I wash our diapers every other day - we use the Alva so often that it has been in every single wash load since we got it.  I prefer to use the pocket diapers for nighttime use because I feel that they wick the moisture away whereas the prefolds just get soaked.  We have only had one leak with the Alva, and that coincided with our little one suddenly turning into a pee machine at night.  To combat this, we also purchased the set of 12 Alva bamboo/microfiber inserts and now use 3 inserts with all of her nighttime diapers (including Charlie Bananas) and no more leaks!  The diapers (and Alva website) say that it cannot be washed on a temp any higher than 85-95 degrees to prevent delaminating, but I have found this to be untrue.  PUL fabric is designed to withstand high temperatures in the wash and dryer, and actually, if small tears develop around seams or snaps, a round in the dryer can help to reseal them.  So we wash all of our diapers on warm and dry on medium.  I have also line dried this diaper indoors and out when it was a little stained to bleach out the stain and disinfect it naturally.  This has not compromised the ability of the diaper to hold in baby messes one bit.  We are currently using it on the smallest rise and the tightest setting around the waist without overlapping the snaps.  We are looking forward to ordering more Alva Baby diapers and they will likely make up the majority of our diapers when baby finally grows out of the ones we are currently using.*Update 2/13/14*This diaper has delaminated. :(  It may be because we put it in the dryer a few times, but the lamination is pulling away from the fabric.  I have decided that this will become her swim diaper by not putting any inserts in it.  We did order another Alva diaper right after I wrote this review, and it has held up just fine - I only put the inserts in the dryer, and the shell I line dry.  Also, my daughter has turned into such a pee machine that nothing but a hemp prefold & hemp insert combo inside a cover (we ordered more Thirsties in the next size up!) will work for nighttime.  I still think Alva's are good diapers however.