We have been using these cups for many years now.  They have always been the best!  Only regret I ever had was that I didn't buy more! Super sturdy, well made, and still going strong with about 5 yrs of daily use.  These newer ones are just like the older version.  The only difference is that these colors are less translucent than the past ones. These have less texture (the etching is not as deep), which I think is why they are less translucent.  But although the colors may be different, they are great colors just the same!  I am not replacing my old ones, just adding to my stock for less washings per day.  These are great transition cups, because they won't break, less chance of spillage due to low profile, texture helps kids with grip, makes kids want to drink because they like using their cute "fishy" cups. (Fish Design on the Cups)  As my kids got older, my 6 yr old started asking for refills.  He just turned 7 and I upgraded to the Nuby 9oz,  they are exactly the same as these with a Frog design and the perfect size for kids his age and older (and he doesn't need refills with that size).  Don't be fooled by the 1oz size difference!  It really does make a difference since you don't fill the cup to the rim!  Smaller children need the smaller size and you put in less % to avoid spills.  Bigger kids can use a higher % in a bigger cup, that can result in a higher (more than 1oz)  difference.  The bigger cup looks like a 2oz difference so he's probably getting about 3oz more.  The smaller size also makes it less awkward to hold, handle, drink.  I highly recommend these Munchkins cups!1.  Sturdy and well made2.  Cute and kids love them3.  Textured for little hands, makes them more aware of what they are holding and less chance of slipping4.  Out of all the cups they ever use, these are the ones I count on when I don't want to clean up a spill!5.  Perfect shape with plenty of room to satisfy thirst (at least until about age 6).  At that point, these still come in handy for a side of juice.6.  Definitely recommend!