These are an absolute lifesaver for me when my baby arrived.  My son was moderately tongue-tied which created difficulties with achieving a proper latch during breastfeeding.  The first couple days of breastfeeding were excruciating as a result, and i quickly developed scabs on my nipples.  I tried lanolin, aquaphor, the Medela gel pads, Lansinoh Soothies, and these Ameda Gel Pads.  I definitely prefer the gel pads over the lanolin and other creams.  Of Medela, Lansinoh, and Ameda, the Amedas are by far the best hydrogel pads.  After my son's tongue-tie was fixed and we were able to get a good latch, these pads helped heal my nipples in about a day and a half.Medela Hydrogel - very sticky and can be painful to remove from damaged tissue.  Lasted only 1 day for me before they had to be tossedLansinoh Soothies - Nice and comforting initially but again, only lasted 1 day.  THey are made with glycerin which left a sweet tasting residue on my breasts which had to be carefully washed off before each feeding.  I can tell when I missed a spot because my baby would try to lick off any sweet-tasting residue remaining on my breasts.Ameda Pros- Long lasting.  This is the biggest pro for me by far. They lose their cool stickiness after a day or so of wear, but rinse in warm water and they become much restored.  Not 100%, but comforting and usable again.  They cost about the same as the Medela and Lansinoh pads but last me 3-4 days, making these much more cost effective than the other brands- Thicker and more cushiony than other brands- Plastic sheets protect the pads when not in use.  This helps a lot to prevent the pads from picking up dust and losing their stickinessAmeda Cons:- they have a distinct smell when first opened.  The smell is hard to describe, vaguely sharp and chemically but not terribe.  The smell is moderately strong, much more so than the Medela or Lansinoh Hydrogel pads.  The smell clings to breasts and must be washed off before feeding- They shrink over several days of wearing and can get a bit grimy