Background: We use glass bottles. I don't like the idea of a lot of plastic stuff for my kid when she's so young and has such an immature immune system and is developing at an incredibly fast pace. I frankly don't like it for me either, but especially her. The BPA scare woke a lot of people up, but I don't think we know what other chemicals or toxins are in plastic for "BPA-Free" products either. Science, as beneficial as it may be, is rather limited in the grand scheme of things with wonderful "discoveries" occurring daily. Glass has been around for a long time and in my opinion is much safer and inert. With the exception of it breaking. Feel free to write me off as a loon, but when I have a safer alternative that's pretty easily available, why not? And I know there are still plastic and silicone parts to the Dr. Browns bottle, but we're trying where we can and where it's reasonable. So to address this current product:Product review: The sleeves are good insurance for our glass bottles. I know they won't turn glass into shatterproof material, but they certainly offer a level of protection. That's all I suppose anyone can expect. I found them pretty easy to put on, didn't need to use dish soap or do anything other than just slide them on. It wasn't so easy as to be concerned that they will fall off on a whim, but certainly not difficult. My kid is exclusively breast fed so the bottles are for when I feed her (which isn't too often) or when her sitter feeds her, a few times a day. The bottles have been dropped a few times, but have had no residual cracks or damage. Of course I don't know how much is as a result of the sleeve or the way it fell, but I imagine at the very least, it helped. It definitely gives me some peace of mind and adds some character to the bottle. You can definitely pick out of a crowd if your child is at daycare or if there are loads of other bottles around.Seller review: My complaint is not that serious and is really aesthetic in nature. I didn't heed the few reviews indicating that they received 2 pink sleeves and not a pink and a green one. We bought two blue ones and were thinking we were buying two sets of green/pink for a total of six, two of each color. We have a daughter, and may have another kid and if it's a boy, we like the idea of using all different colors and trying not to include/exclude based on socially appropriate ideas of gender. Turns out we received 4 pink ones and 0 green ones. Not really a big deal, but it would have been helpful if the picture or the description would indicate what you actually will be receiving. I emailed the seller and while the communication wasn't exactly prompt, they did respond and eventually settled on returning two pink ones and are just rotating 4 bottles. Again, not a really serious complaint, but just be aware. Pink only. Apparently Dr. Browns no longer manufactures green ones, or so I was told. 3 stars for seller.