So, this was too adorable to pass up - and I found it at an AMAZING price - less than $5. For THAT price, I give it 5 stars. For the $15 average prices that I see, it wouldn't get that many. Yes, I'd dock a star because of the price, because although I think it's fantastically cute, it's not $15 cute.I had read the dimensions, so I was aware when ordering it how big it was going to be. I can understand people being upset when they pay full price for it and it arrives. I probably would be upset too if I hadn't been prepared.But the small size is actually kinda nice when you think about it. Someone has to clean it, and that someone is probably going to be you.This kid urinal is 11 inches tall and 8 inches at its WIDEST point. Most places its only 6/7 inches. I'm attaching a photo for comparison. But to give you an idea of it's size... an average teddy bear. A mans shoe. Mid-palm to your inner elbow. A ruler. (Smaller)  It really isn't that big. But that's okay for me, because neither is my son. He's little. His little winky dink is little (no, I do not call it that to him.), he does not need a mans size urinal, and if this one WAS that big, then my husband would be tempted to use it too, and then I'd have to clean the thing.Cuz just like a kid potty, you have to dump the urine out. It obviously does not come with any plumbing, but just in case someone thinks that it may, no, it does not. It does not hook up to anything, it's just a little plastic bowl that you are going to have to clean out every single time your son pees. And that's okay, I don't mind. But some might. (Get back with me in a year, I might, too.)But it's cute. You can put it at any height, it grows with them, so they can use it for as long as you're willing to clean it. (Or you teach them, too.) It's adorableness may help your little one to potty train. My little guy already is, he's five, so I couldn't vouch for that. I just couldn't help myself when I saw this. And let me tell you, he LOVES it! He was so bummed this summer when he broke his femur being a boy, and couldn't stand up to use it. (He tried getting me to hold it for him. His aim isn't that good so I had to decline.) But guess what he wanted to do the first day his cast came off? Yup! It was on his must do first list.It has two pieces and comes with all the hardware to hang it up. You mount the base to the wall, the part with it's eyes (the dark green in the picture) and then the inner piece, the lighter green part, comes out to dump and wash out. Simple!If you have a little boy in your life, and you don't mind cleaning this out every day, several times a day, (or if you're giving it as a gift to a boy and their unsuspecting parents) and you find one at the right price, or you don't mind the price you see, then this is perfect. He'll love it! His dad may ask for one, too.(If anyone can tell me why my picture posted sideways despite correcting it, I'd be forever grateful.)