This carrier is absolutely incredible. My husband and I were debating between this and the Baby BJorn Miracle Carrier. Needless to say, I'm very happy that we decided on this one. We received it when my son was about a month old and still use it (he's now 8 months old).Here's why:1. Safety2. Ease of Use3. Style1. Safety. The most crucial thing about this carrier is that it is made very well. It is high quality material as typical of Britax products. One of the things we really like about this carrier in comparision to others is that the part that the baby sits on is solidly attached, as opposed to a clip that could open and come lose, like on other carriers.  Also, the only parts that need to be clipped are the top parts, meaning that there are not a lot of lose parts for you to fidget with while putting in baby.2. Ease of Use. This is a carrier that you can put on and take off BY YOURSELF. It is very easy to put on, not complicated at all! There are not so many parts to adjust, which makes wearing this carrier easy. You can easily put the baby in and take him/her out by yourself at ease. I am 5'2 and my husband is 6'2 and we both had no problem adjusting this carrier. The belt buckle is adjustable, as are the upper side straps.I had been worried that it would mess up my hair when I put it on over my head, however this is not the case.I'll add here that my baby absolutely LOOOVES facing forward. Obviously we didn't do this until he was old enough to hold up his head, but he really enjoys being able to interact with the world. When he's more sleepy then we face him in.3. Style. This carrier is mom and dad friendly.Some people complain that carriers hurt their backs. Here's my two-cents. No carrier is meant for you to carry around your baby for hours on end. It's just not, especially when they're bigger. However, a carrier is useful when you're out and your baby is a little upset and wants to snuggle, for when you go somewhere not so stroller friendly, riding the bus, hanging laundry when they're little.The detachable bibs are quite nice and a good feature.Cons:I don't really feel this has many cons to be honest. If I have to mention something, it doesn't have a pocket so I have to hold his pacifier, etc. There is also no cover to protect baby from the sun (although a receiving blanket/diaper cloth does this just fine). I don't feel these cons are that important as the pros quite outweigh them.