When we found out we were pregnant, my husband and I were of the same mind regarding baby gear: no gimmicks, only the necessities. We also agreed (mostly) on budget. Our baby girl is now 5 months old and I think the Chicco Cortina Travel System is one of the best purchases we've made thus far.Sticker shock comes to mind when I remember shopping for strollers. $700? For just a stroller?? Really?!?? Given that most families invest in at least two different strollers over time, and will definitely be buying at least two car seats, we weren't prepared to go down that road. The Chicco Cortina Travel System has been a wonderful and affordable solution. Granted, it might not be as sexy as some of the more expensive options, but both the car seat and the stroller are quality products - certainly miles ahead of many low-end brands (like the Graco I borrowed when out of town recently).Safety features aside -- which are all there -- this is what I like or what I would ideally change about the Chicco Cortina:PROS:- Car seat is SUPER EASY to click in and out of its base, as well as in and out of the stroller- Stroller has adjustable push handle (great for parents of all heights)- Stroller is easy to fold and unfold- Stroller stands on its own when folded- Decent size undercarriage basket (definitely easier to access when stroller seat is upright, but even with the seat down, I don't find it to be any more cumbersome than most other stroller baskets)- All car seat padding is removable and machine washable- Stroller comes standard with two cup holders, one of which has a secure lid and is a great place to keep keys handy and safe- Stroller supports the weight of a diaper bag when strapped across the push handle (I've never experienced the stroller becoming wobbly or unstable with a diaper bag on it)CONS:- Stroller is a bit bulky and takes up our entire trunk space (VW Tiguan), but then again, this is a full-size stroller so it's to be expected- The "plastic viewing window" on top of the stroller serves no purpose. There's a mesh design that obstructs any real view of your child, and it ends up being an annoying little spot for sunlight to shine in on the baby. On sunny days, we tend to throw something over the window.All in all, very happy with this product. We're especially pleased that we didn't have to spend a fortune on two of the most basic baby necessities, yet don't feel like we sacrificed quality. In fact, we're so happy with our Chicco Cortina that we recently purchased the Chicco Liteway umbrella for when we graduate into exclusive stroller use (no more car seat).