We are big Best Bottoms fans here, but I wanted to try these as a cheaper option to designate for daycare use. They are well made, super soft in feel, with gentle waist elastics, and snug leg elastics. The leg elastics initially caused red marks on my super chubby thighed baby, but since he's trimmed down with crawling, that's no longer an issue and I now appreciate the snugger fit.Compared to Best Bottoms, I prefer these for the soft stretchy feel, but still get a better fit with our Best Bottoms (so I tend to reach for the Best Bottoms more often). Best Bottoms give a better fit because they have one additional rise setting (4 instead of just 3 rise options). Fewer rise options on the Buttons inevitably leads to more awkward in-between size stages where one is too snug and the other looks (or really is) huge. Our Best Bottoms always look nice and trim. Buttons do, too, but only when the fit is right, and that is less frequently with the Buttons. We've gotten around the in-between stage by unsnapping the outer two snaps in the rise completely on the Buttons covers to allow more room in the legs, but leaving the middle rise snap snapped down to pull up all the excess material. It still looks a bit sloppy, but it works, and looks / fits better than being 100% on the largest rise.The inserts: We have small, medium, large best bottom inserts in hemp/cotton as well as stay dry. All are compatible with Buttons, although they can be a bit stubborn snapping in, but they do snap in. The larges are a hair big for the Buttons covers in my opinion, but you can make them fit on the largest rise if you need to. I definitely prefer to use the medium Best Bottom inserts or the Buttons large inserts on the middle and large rise with Buttons.The large Buttons inserts we got to try are super soft, seem just as absorbent as our Best Bottoms but more flexible and bunch a bit more, though it's not caused any problems for us. They are in-between the medium and large Best Bottom stay dry sizes. Just as wide at the ends. As wide in the middle as the Best Bottom larges. Wider than the Best Bottom mediums. Just thought I'd share if anyone was wondering how they compare.I'd definitely recommend the Buttons covers and inserts to anyone looking to try an AI2 system at an affordable price-point. Although I still prefer our Best Bottoms, for the price, I'll definitely be adding more Buttons to our stash, especially now that they've added some cool new colors and prints :-)