We bought this GN Elite as a car seat that would fit both our 5 1/2 year old (using the seat belt strap) and our 22 month old (using the 5 point harness configured to her size) for our second car that isn't used for kids often.  We already have an original Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 and a Britax Roundabout in our other car.  The plusses for the Nautilus are:  1)  price is excellent compared to Britax and other "higher end" models, 2) kids LOVE the "surround" of the seat and the cup holder and little pocket areas for storing their things, 3) fairly easy to take off the covers and wash them, though it's still a big hassle, 4) the orange/grey/black color combo we bought is good looking and maintains well, 5) we're able to fit both our kids in the seat with very little adjustment (I wouldn't recommend doing this for everyday use - our 5 year old puts up with the harness straps being slung out of the way behind her) - we just move the headrest up and down to fit their different sizes and we're good to go.  6) The 3-in-1 isn't important to us right now - we're keeping our kids in 5-point-harnesses as long as possible, but I will say that it's very handy for school field trips or if you carpool, because you can pop the big top off and just take the booster portion to school for those events.The cons are the same ones we have with the original Graco:  1)  The harness attachment under the crotch is a tad bit short.  My daughter is tall and thin and so far we've been able to make it work, but for a more substantial kid (and I don't mean fat - I just mean kids who are more solid in the trunk and legs), I think it would be hard to fit that strap around their crouch.  It comes with a nylon cover, but it's completely useless - with the cover on, you can't get it around your kid and snapped into the other pieces properly.  On both of ours, the cover went into storage with the manual right out of the box  2)  the shoulder harness straps CONSTANTLY get turned around.  I don't know how this happens, but it happens all the time and I have to fold the strap over, slide the metal harness  "outie" piece over the folded strap, work it through, everytime to get that piece facing the correct way.  They really need to fix the design so it's impossible to flip that piece, or at least very difficult.  3)  It's hard to unlock that crouch harness part.  We do pick up and drop off service at our school, but I have to get out of the car to unbuckle and buckle my daughter in because no one can get it.  However, I want to point out that I don't have a big problem with it - you just have to know that it's a hard push to get that button to pop.Finally, for those who have "smack your head" D'uh moments when putting in car seats, we twice could not get the car seat to tighten (two different cars) and fussed and fretted and couldn't figure out the problem, and then realized that the headrest needed to come out.  So, just FYI if you can't figure out why your latched and tightened car seat still moves too much, check the head rest - chances are it's sticking out too much so the seat isn't able to flush up properly.Overall, I would recommend this car seat if you don't mind some inconveniences with the buckling.  Our 22 month old loves the Graco so much, we're considering moving it into the "everyday" car and ditching her Britax early.  But then, we need to buy ANOTHER Nautilus for the other car again ;-).  We're definitely fans of this car seat.