Oh my god, these instructions are the worst thing ever.My husband and I have built an impressive number of furniture items over the years.  We consider ourselves to be flat-packed-furniture building masters and will sometimes race if we have two of something to make.  We've done beds, desks, bookcases, and even another Babyletto crib (Modo).  But THIS crib... THESE instructions...Where to even start. So the pictures don't have all of the details of the parts.  And sometimes they are actually just wrong.  Oh, and they never call attention to small things you should pay attention to.If you are assembling this crib, you or your partner may be pregnant.  Unfortunately for that partner, they will not be able to have a stiff drink or a celebratory toast upon completion.  I recommend having chocolate on hand.Before I go into some tips for assembly, here are some other thoughts.- On soft wood: It is soft.  We have a babyletto modo for my 3 year old that is the same soft white wood.  Luckily he never chew-tacked it and it hasn't been a problem. Have not had anything else cause a ding.- On seeing into the drawer: Not cool Babyletto, not cool.  Notice all the stock images have the mattress on the lowest setting.  It is dumb you can see into it.  Will be buying a simple crib skirt I had not planned to.- On style: Looks nicer and more modern that similarly priced cribs available anywhere else.  And that's why we're all here isn't it?Now here are some actual tips about assembling it you may find useful:1. Separate your hardware into piles before starting. Note that there are 2 different kinds of washers and two different sizes of wood dowels (which unlike ikea ones are remarkably close in similar looking - no difference in color, markings, or width).2. Note that there is a piece "W" and a piece "VV". Yes, they did that.3. In step 2: Yes there are two piece D's (the glide support).  But the picture showing two of them - that's just the front and back.  For both, you put pegs on one side, and the screws on the other side. There are stickers on piece that tell you what the front should be. That might be useful if you knew which way piece A (side panel) was supposed to go.  Turns out theses can go in either position so watch for that sticker.4. Step 3 shows attaching O and P the gliders.  If O and P had holes that looked anything like the pictures of O and P that would have been awesome.  Instead you'll just need to guess as to which holes line up.  You will probably be able to figure that out as long as you haven't accidentally put the big screws into the wrong hole in the previous step.  So if you just can't find a place where they line up, make sure you put the big screws in step 2 into the big holes.5. The picture here also fails to show the tabs that stick out of the gliders (until instruction step 9b! Thanks!).  If I were not 35 weeks pregnant, I would crawl back under the crib and take a picture for you of what they actually look like and where they go.  The tabs must be on the bottom for the drawer to sit on them.  If you do to not do this correctly, you will have to flip your finished crib upside down to unscrew and switch them.  Not recommended.6. It is probably easier to do step 5 before step 4.  You will definitely need to have 2 people to do it in this order instead, but it's really hard to attach the mattress support springy thing when the back is already there because the allen wrench can barely turn.7. Our crib came with a lot of random dings on pieces from shipping.  Luckily none had to be too visible.  But there was a significant one in the center of the headboard rails (the long side panels).  Since these two pieces are identical (the front and back ones) take a minute to inspect yours and make sure the one facing the room looks nice.  Would be awesome to not have to worry about your brand new furniture having dings, but hey.8. You may find an old ikea allen wrench to work better than the one included.9. Step 7 would be kind of hilarious to watch someone try to do.  When attaching center screws T, you will find the holes nearly impossible to see.  If you have a red pen or marker handy, maybe give the holes a dot so you can see them.  Get J and K on there.  Hold the I in place. Slide in the N's and have someone squeeze it all together and you can't go too wrong.  Probably.Hope that helps someone!