I read a lot of reviews before settling on this particular model. We originally had a Tomy Walkabout Digital monitor, but having moved to the US from the UK, couldn't find a compatible power adapter. I had my eye on the newest Tomy Digital Plus Monitor, but it seems the company doesn't sell them in the US. I have several Philips AVENT baby equipment and I figured I would stick to a known brand that also sells in the UK.I debated whether to get the bog standard AVENT monitor, the other one with the temperature sensor or the one with both the temperature and humidity sensor. Then I saw this little gadget with a camera and the fact that it's cheaper than the model with a hygrometer made the decision easier.PROS:- The video is very clear and does not interfere with any of our electronic equipment. Even in pitch-black, I could see my children moving around.- Battery life on the parent unit is brill. My old Tomy was a pain to charge and had to be docked back into its cradle in just fifteen minutes.- The camera itself is free mounted on a base that allows it to swivel, held on by what I presume is some sort of magnet. This makes it easy to get the ideal angle to position the camera.- Looks well made and unobtrusive in a modern nursery even with the near IR on in the dark.- Has remote lullaby function with different songs for younger babies.- Easy to operate out of the box.- 100-240V (Can be plugged in the UK when we visit home!)CONS:- Sound reception could be better. My old monitor picked up every sound our baby made, down to the rustling of the bedding. I struggle to hear my daughter's breathing on this even at full volume.- Night light feature is rubbish. Don't buy it for this feature.- Would have been nicer if it had a digital thermometer like most high end baby monitors.- 2-way talk function would have been cool as well. My two year old needs to be told to get back into her bed and it would have been great to do it remotely!Overall, nice piece of kit, but does lack some killer functions, and the sound takes away one star.