This is an outstanding idea - and it's relatively well executed.I would like to first help you frame the information I’m providing by understanding a little about my background.  This may help you as the reader understand the perspective from which my review is written - especially when that opinion is regarding safety equipment. I have a two-decade background in military safety, relating to both off-duty (ground) safety and aviation safety - to include mishap investigation. This experience includes investigating motor vehicle mishaps (…there is no such thing as an "accident").From the basic use, ergonomic and practical standpoint:This booster seat is heavier than other travel booster seats (much heavier than the bubble-bum), but it is manageable for most kids as a backpack.  The functionality of the backpack is limited (you can’t place a standard school folder in the compartment without bending the folders corners) - it won’t hold much more than a pair of little kids size 13 soccer shoes, small shin pads and a couple pairs of socks.  It's made of good quality and durable materials, but lacks adequate padding for long hauls. The padding issue can be partially addressed with the addition of a thin piece of high-density foam or memory foam.From the functional and safety standpoint:This seat is a little smaller than more conventional booster seats, but accommodates most children shorter than about 52 inches.  The limiting factor is actually the child’s torso and upper body length (waist to shoulder length) more than the overall height.  If you have a leggy child with a short torso length, then this could accommodate a taller child.  The issue is the height of the shoulder belt guide.  If the guide sits lower than your child’s seated shoulder height – then don’t use the guide, or the seat for that matter.  Otherwise there is the potential for the seat belt to cause severe back and spinal injuries.  This is the reason adult shoulder harnesses are adjustable in modern cars (the slider attachment point where the shoulder belt goes into the side of the car's interior).  That slider allows you to adjust the shoulder belt to the appropriate height/position for any given occupant (although most people fail to properly adjust the slider for the correct height and/or don't know the slider exists).  The appropriate angle is never lower than about 5 degrees above your shoulder to approximately a 30 degree angle (above) from the top of your shoulder to the shoulder belt attachment point.  This optimal range helps prevent spinal injuries or neck injuries.  If your belt angles down from your shoulder to the attachment point, the belt can cause severe and life threatening injuries to your back and spine in an accident, as the downward angle will compress and focus crash forces into your mid to lower back.  Too high of an angle can allow the seat belt to ride up on your neck and face, possibly causing mechanical neck injuries and severe friction burns.All things being equal, I need to temper any of the positive aspects of this booster seat with the fact most booster seats (even those with a shoulder belt guide) should only be used with a secondary type of restraint - like a safety vest, with integrated belt guides for both the lap and shoulder belts.  This is not a government requirement, but based on my personal (educated) opinion and safety experience.A great example of a well-made secondary safety restraint is the Ride Safer vest system by Safe Traffic Systems. The Ride Safer vest not only properly guides both the lap and shoulder belts, it's reinforced, padded and is designed to better distribute crash forces over a much larger area than what a standard seat belt is capable of. I think this is a two-way relationship as well, though. The best application of the Ride Safer vest is in conjunction with a quality (certified) booster seat like this one.Motor vehicle fatalities account for over 30,000 deaths per year in the U.S. (33,561 in 2012*). Children account for approximately 1,200 of these deaths. While this number seems tiny compared to the total number of fatalities - the number of child fatalities per mile is comparable to adults. The exposure rate of adults is simply higher (the number of hours the average adult is on the road when compared to children - and children account for only 1/6th of the population). Despite what appears to be a low number of child fatalities every year, the number of children injured in motor vehicle mishaps in the U.S. is staggering - approximately 170,000 children per year.One of the biggest contributing causal factors for child injuries and deaths is the child being out of position relative to the restraining (intended restraining) device - preventing the safety equipment from restraining and mitigating the forces of the crash properly. The only purpose a booster seat serves is to better position (elevate) a child relative to the shoulder strap, to prevent the shoulder strap from riding up a child's neck and face by ensuring the proper angle of the shoulder belt (relative to the child's shoulder and neck). This angle is critical for any occupant.As mentioned previously, if the occupant sits too high relative to the shoulder belt (typically an adult or tall child), a collision can cause geometry-related secondary spinal injuries (mid and lower back) caused by the shoulder belt transmitting too much crash energy to the mid and lower back.  Conversely, if the occupant sits too low (typically with a small child), a collision can result in the child sliding under the shoulder belt - which can severely injure the child's neck (and face).The biggest problem with using a booster seat is in the assumption that booster seat will keep a child in the correct position relative to the shoulder strap for the entirety of your travels (and therefore safe). If you have a kid - then you know any assumption that your child is going to stay in one position is simply not even remotely similar to reality. Kids move and wiggle around a lot, and a booster seat is not going to do anything to maintain the proper shoulder belt alignment with your precious, perpetual motion, micro-human. Unfortunately, the results can be tragic. This is why I strongly believe in a certified safety vest like the Ride Safer safety vest in conjunction with a properly designed booster seat.A certified and tested safety vest physically attaches (and therefore attaches your child) to the seat belt, and the vest's belt guides help ensure the child's position remains correct at all times - and the booster seat ensures there is not any excess force transmitted to the child's neck and head in a collision by providing the proper geometry of the shoulder belt relative to the vest's upper belt guide.This particular booster seat is a convenient travel companion - especially with a certified safety vest. While automotive safety vests and booster seats are not certified and should not be used for air travel, they can be easily packed and used in taxi cabs, and in the event the front seat is the only available place for the child. While not optimal (a back seat is considered safer than the front seat for children), a child can safely travel with the combination of this booster seat and the safety vest in the front seat of a car, truck or two-seat sports car - and this is also legal in most states (check your local laws for specific requirements and restrictions). If this is done, you should of course ensure the child is sitting as far back from an airbag (if so equipped) as possible, or if your car is equipped with an airbag deactivation device (many cars do this automatically based on the weight in the passenger seat), then it is recommended it be deactivated for individuals weighing less than about 65-70lbs. I would not recommend using this booster seat (any booster seat) by itself in the front seat. I would only recommend the use of a booster seat in the front seat when used in conjunction with a certified safety vest that meets Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (FMVSS 213).A great alternative to using this booster seat (for traveling) is the BubbleBum inflatable booster seat.  I prefer the BubbleBum booster seat to this one from both the cost and convenience standpoints.  My review of the BubbleBum covers many of the same points in this review, but discusses the advantages of an inflatable booster seat when traveling over one like this that is more cumbersome and bulky.  I would say the convenience and ease of inflation of the BubbleBum booster seat trumps the convenience of having an incorporated backpack style storage in this one.  But that's up to you to determine which feature would work best for you.This review and my mentioning of the Ride Safer safety vest in this review were both unsolicited by their respective manufacturers. I did not receive any compensation (in any form) for my review.