I got this diaper bag in black and I LOVE it. I was hesitant at first because I thought it was a large price difference in comparison to one of the regular diaper bags that screams, "I'M A DIAPER BAG!" But when I took into account that those cheaper diaper bags typically only come with a changing pad, while the Timi & Leslie bags come with MUCH more, I decided to go ahead and purchase it. If you consider buying one of the standard $60 paisley print diaper bags with a changing pad, plus purchasing stroller clips, a bottle bag, a dirty clothes bag, and a clutch separately-- it comes out to cost the same or MORE than this Timi and Leslie bag.THE BAG:-The bag itself is glossy and lightweight with two large zipper pockets on the sides and one small, flat zipper pocket on the back. The inside has a large zippered divider pocket, separating the bag into two main sections. Each of the two sections has two or three stretchy sidewall pockets to hold bottles or baby powder upright. There is also a large, flat back pocket on the inside to store the diaper changing pad and wipes.ACCESSORIES:-The insulated bottle holder is very thin and I'm not sure how well it could maintain a bottle's temperature on its own, but it is roomy enough to hold a 4 oz Dr. Brown's bottle and a small icepack. I love that it has a clip on it, so I can just clip it around the stroller handle when we're out so it's easier to get to when baby all of a sudden decides he's hungry.-The changing pad does its job. I love, love, LOVE that it has a mesh pocket on the back. When I don't feel like carrying the whole diaper bag with me, I'll slip a couple diapers and a small pack of baby wipes in the mesh pocket of the changing pad and I'll throw it into the storage basket of my stroller, or I'll pack it into one of my smaller purses.-The stroller clips are very good quality. And they hold the bag perfectly in the center of the stroller. In conjunction with the design of the bag, it makes it very easy to open and rummage through the bag without having to adjust it or unclip it.-The dirty-clothes bag is one of those things that I keep in the bag at all times because I know if I take it out, that's when I'll need it. Fortunately, I haven't had to use it yet. But it barely takes up any room in the diaper bag. It folds up very nicely; I keep it tucked in one of the extra side pockets.-The clutch is cute; it's large, flat, matches the bag, and has credit card slots in it. It definitely doesn't LOOK like it came with a diaper bag! I can't really say too much else about it because I haven't used it and don't really intend to. It's a personal preference, but I just throw my wallet in the bag instead of transferring all my credit cards and change into the clutch.