I purchased this backpack diaper bag when my daughter was 3 weeks old, she is 6 mo. now and we have really gotten great use out of this bag.  Having a backpack means I can tote everything and keep my hands free for taking care of the baby.  It's a classic black, not frilly or too utilitarian looking - it's a nice compromise.  My husband doesn't mind carrying it and neither do I!  It's well balanced and has padded straps, so it's comfortable when you need to carry it on long walking days - like touring Washington D.C. or spending a day on walking trails in a national park.  It balances very nicely to have the diaper bag on my back and the baby in the front carrier.  It's been great for travel by plane or car and wonderful for an entire day "out".The bag can hold quite a bit.  I'm not sure that I've ever filled it really.  In the main compartment I often put 1-2 outfits, 3-5 diapers, wipes, changing pad(it came with one), 2 baby books, a rattle, a teddy bear, a receiving blanket, a bib and a burp cloth and there is still room left even if I add the digital camera and its battery and card case.  If I don't take the bear I can put my small purse in the top so all my stuff is together and easily removed instead of spread out in the diaper bag's pockets.  There is a plastic dirty duds bag attatched to the inside and there are 3 mesh pockets on the inside.  They are intended for bottles, but I use them to hold medicine, nail clippers, lotion, sunblock and anything else that is either small and easily lost or needs to remain upright.  I just stick her bottle in the main compartment and let it fend for itself since I don't mix it until she's ready to eat.  There is an elastic pocket on each side of the bag that will hold a bottle or a sizeable water bottle (I stick my Nalgene bottle in there)or any number of other things.  Someitmes I put my cell phone and 2-3 pacifiers and a pen and keys in one of the side pockets.  There is a zipper compartment on the lid that I use for my checkbook, calendar, ID, mints, chapstick and trial size hand lotion.  The front pocket velcros shut and is thinner.  I just keep some important paperwork folded up inside.Now that we don't go through outfits as fast, I'm trying to move to a smaller bag for normal errand running trips.  My husband doesn't want to give up this bag, even for short trips!  There is no doubt that we'll be keeping this bag accessible for any day trips, travel or overnighters!If I could change something about this bag, I would make the front pocket more useable.  I would like to be able to keep my keys and phone there and have organized pockets built in for credit cards, ID and a pen.  Also, the main compartment can seem somewhat cavernous when you're looking for a cereal bar that has migrated to the bottom.  It might be nice to have it divided, but I'm not actually positive I would prefer that - it's just a thought.I would highly reccomend this bag for new parents, parents of messies or anyone else who needs room for more than the bottle, 2 diapers, changing pad and wipes that are all some bags can hold.