I used playtex drop in nursers for our first baby. They were so easy. But after learning about the dangers of plastics, my husband and I decided to buy glass bottles for our second child. I researched all of the glass bottles on the market.At first, i wanted a wide-mouth bottle because they are so much easier to put powder formula into with the scoop and easier to clean. I also spent a ton of time looking for a bottle with a silicone sleeve, because i was afraid of breaking a bottle. So after all of that research, i found the lifefactory bottles that had the silicone sleeve, but they are narrow mouthed. Then i found the avent bottles, which are wide mouthed. I couldn't believe how expensive these bottles were! I believe the avent bottles were about $9 each. So if we wanted 8 bottles, that would add up to $72! And that's without sleeves!So we decided to keep looking. My husband picked up some of the evenflo glass bottles at Target. Because they are so cheap, we thought we'd give them a try. We were both pleasantly surprised. We purchased the 4 ounce ones to start, which are light and perfect for when your baby is a newborn. The first thing i noticed was that the glass was thick, so i have no worries about breaking the bottle. No silicone sleeves needed! That eliminates that problem. Then i tried to wash the bottle. The first bottle brush i used Munchkin Deluxe Bottle Brush, Colors May Vary did not fit into the narrow neck of the bottle. But then the second brush we tried fit! It's the best brush ever!! OXO Tot Bottle Brush with Nipple Cleaner and Stand, Orange. I love the nipple cleaner too! I use the brush with really hot water and the bottles come so clean! Hint: use dishwashing gloves to save your hands when using hot water! As far as getting the powder formula into the narrow neck without getting the formula all over the counter, we fixed that problem -- we use the formula dispenser here Munchkin Powdered Formula Dispenser, Colors May Vary. It fits perfectly into the bottle and dispenses the formula without a mess.So my son started needing more than 4 ounces per feeding pretty quickly (by 5 weeks old) and we had to switch to the 8 ounce bottles already. But i did not feel that buying the 4 ounce bottles first was a waste of money, because they were so cheap. Anyway, the 8 ounce bottles are definitely a lot bigger in my hand, but still o.k. Not too heavy.There are 2 problems though with these bottles. First, the nipples are way too fast. My baby chokes sometimes and the milk drips down his neck. So we went out and bought slow nipples in Dr Browns, playtex, and Nuby. All of the slow nipples were too slow though. Baby cried and gave up on drinking. I guess he was too used to the very fast flow of the evenflo nipples and wasn't willing to work hard on the true slow flow nipples. So we were forced to go back to the original nipples that came with the bottles.Second problem, the bottles leak. Some are hard to screw the collar onto the bottle, others aren't. Almost all leak. I could be screwing them on wrong, who knows, but my husband has the same problem.Overall though, i like that these bottles are inexpensive and not dangerous (not plastic).One more thing, the 8 ounce bottles are too heavy to put on this rack Munchkin Deluxe Drying Rack -  the spikes fall down. You can put a few 8 oz bottles on, but not 8. That rack works though with the 4 ounce bottles.The 8 ounce bottles do work on this rack - The First Years Spinning Drying Rack, White -- the bottles didn't fall over. However, i have found that you need to put bottles on both sides of the rack to balance the weight and the spikes do tilt a little from the weight of the bottles.Hope this helps!**UPDATE** we've been using these bottles for months now, and I have to add one comment. If you screw the nipple on too tight, milk will not flow from the bottle when baby tries to drink. Simply loosen the nipple (unscrew it and then screw it back on looser this time) and then you will see when baby tries to drink, bubbles will flow and then you will know the air is entering and the milk is flowing! Voila! This is so important. Some people are posting that their nipples are collapsing or baby can't drink for some reason -- it may have nothing to do with the babies sucking ability or the nipple itself -- it may just be the nipple/collar was screwed on too tight. This is especially important to mention to daycare providers, babysitters, etc, who aren't familiar yet with this bottle. They may be sitting there for 45 minutes trying to feed baby and the bottle is still full - it's because the milk can't come out. The nipple being screwed on too tight has created a very strong vacuum. Again, hope this helps!