So my wife comes at me like, "Hey HUSBAND, let's buy this neato crap for our baby." And so I said, "what neato crap? it sounds expensive!" So she says, "It's a Snuzzler, and it fi...." me says, "WAIT A WHAT!?" she says, "a snuzz..." me, "hell no, that sounds dumb."Well fast forward she buys the snuzzle thing, we stuff it into our overly engineered unnecessarily expensive heavy as hell car seat. I drop my little baby right in there and holy crap, he's just as happy as can be. I swear he was in my arms cryin and sayin, "daddy you suck, you don't give me milk like mommy does!" and then I just plop him right in there and he was asleep before his body had stopped moving.Seriously this is some reverse baby-catnip or something, I don't even know what they put it in it, but it's clearly more advanced technology than the first human mission to mars is gonna have.If you don't buy this then you probably don't like having a happy baby. Whatever man, that's your problem, but my little guy, yeah he's sleeping. In fact I don't even know how much this piece of crap costs, but whatever it is, it's worth it. (seriously I can't see the price while writing this review.)=====Update (June 24, 2015): So here we are months later, we have a second kid on the way, my brain is about to explode, because babies are tiring. Nah, just kidding, I love my little guy (but I am tired, that part was true). Anyways, maybe you want a more comprehensive review or maybe you're weird and came back to read this a second time and were hoping to see an update, and BOOM here it is, crazy right?So anyways, I have a big fat baby, and he's cute, but he's way bigger than most babies. When he was 3 months old he was something like 15 or 16 lbs and around 23 inches tall. At that point we could no longer use the snuzzler. We did continue to use the head rest portion for another month though, because his gigantic cranium needed some support.So y'know if your kid is getting on toward 15+ lbs and/or 24 inches or so... which I think is close to a year old for most non-mutant babies like mine, then you might not be able to continue using this.SUPER SERIOUS VOICE: Now, for the small safety concerns you should consider with the snuzzler. It is WARM. It's warm enough you could probably just have your baby in a diaper in warm weather. It's like putting on a coat. If your anywhere really warm, you may want to be careful. Also, if you choose to use this be sure to make sure it's positioned well so your baby doesn't turn his or her head into the plush material and have trouble breathing. We never had issues with this, but do keep in mind that like all accessories they need to be installed correctly and inspected from time to time.Regarding Safety Concerns Overall: As an aerospace engineering student, I take safety VERY seriously. Don't get me wrong, like every half-crazed xy-chromosomed human being I like my fair share of things that explode and what not, but my baby is not included on the list of "people I'd love to watch explode in a fiery death." That list is pretty short and just includes mostly tyrannical monsters from history. Anyways, I digressed. If you've looked up anything to do with car seats you'll see all kinds of warnings and get recommendations not to use this snuzzler, or really any accessory with a car seat for that matter. The issue with that is about 99% of the time it's a legal formality. They don't want to be sued, because hey lets face it, we sue everyone for everything *disclaimer this review is not intended as legal advice, and I can not be held responsible for the advice you do or do not follow that may or may not have come from me.* But, the scientist in me says, hey, use some common sense, and if it feels unsafe to you, then please don't use it. I am personally of the opinion that it is safe when used properly, and that common sense should dictate when you should stop using it. Either way, good luck with your decision.Well that's all folks, I hope baby number two likes all the stupid materialistic crap we give it to sleep on, pee on, and barf on. Because I sure do love the thought of babies staining stuff we spend our hard earned money on. No seriously, when you become a parent you have a psychotic break with reality, and the thought of a small human's internal fluids irreparably destroying valuable things actually becomes funny. :D Bwaahaaa *singing* "I'M OFF TO SEE THE WIZARD, THE WONDERFUL WIZARD OF OZ...."