This is my third Safety 1st Complete Air 65 purchase. I have over 2 years of experience with these car seats, and can say with certainty that I am a loyal Safety 1st Complete Air 65 fan.About 6 months after buying my first seat (Decatur color), I was in a car accident with my 1.5 year old son in the back. Thanks to this seat, my son was left unmarked and tightly secured. After this incident, I went on to buy 2 more of the exact same seats, 1 as a replacement for my eldest son (as it is required to replace the seats after a high impact car wreck) and then went on to purchase this specific model (Seabreeze color) for my youngest son.First and foremost, safety is always most important when considering a car seat purchase, and because of my personal experience of being in a car accident while putting this seat to use, I am very confident in the safety of this seat. So confident that they are the only seats I trust to protect my boys. Once you get the safety of the seat aside, it's refreshing to see how aesthetically appealing these seats are! The Seabreeze color pattern is very modern and mellow and is definitely not sore on the eyes. The seat covers are removable and washable, which definitely comes in handy when you have kids who eat or spill drinks while in their seat! The material is very plush and comfortable (almost sponge-like), so I was worried that cleaning it would be difficult. I was pleasantly surprised to realize that after being washed and reassembled, the car seat literally looked like it was brand new, fresh out the box.The head rest is an excellent feature to help ensure the safety of your most precious cargo. It is easily adjustable (as are the body straps) for your growing tot. It is also nice that there is a detachable cup holder for the side of the seat which really has come in handy for my son to stick his sippy in when he's tired of holding it.The seat itself is quite light, I am 130 lbs with not much upper body strength, so having a seat that I can install without overexerting myself was very important to me, and this seat definitely fit the bill.This seat will definitely be a great one to grow with your child. My son began using it shortly after his 1st birthday; he is now 3 and this seat still works wonderfully for him. My single complaint is that the chest straps sometimes easily get turned/tangled up, but this is something that is easy to correct. If that is the worst flaw that can be found with this seat, I'm quite alright with that! If I ever decide to have another child, I would definitely buy another one of these seats without a hesitation.