i've tried tommee tippee, mam, and avent pacifiers with my son.  tommee tippee pacifiers are a bit too thin, not substantial enough so my son spit it out almost right away.  mam ones are better, my son likes the 0+ months ok but wouldn't take the 2+ months.  however, there's no ring on the mam ones and so it's hard to hold on to it (when you have a crying baby on your arm, or when you are extremely sleepy and you have to grab the pacifier to the sink for a wash and shake the excess water out)my son took avent pacifiers (both the night time and freeflow ones) since he's 1 week old.  what i like about it is every pacifier has a cover attached to the pacifier.  so it's not like i need a container by the bed to hold a few of them so they don't get dirty.  you could also throw these directly into the diaper bag as well.  however, i do have to say, i still keep them in a ziploc bag before i put them into my diaper bag, so it's easier to find.also, the ring on the pacifier makes it so much easier to hold.  my son like to spit out his paci after he fall asleep. the ring makes it easier to retrieve when it's buried near his body.  it's also easy to hold onto the paci when i have tons of other stuff in my hand, i just put it on my pinky.  another thing i like about it is when it drops to the floor, i go to the sink and wash it up, then shake out the excess water on it before putting it back into my son's mouth.  having the ring is so much easier since it wouldn't come out of my hand (believe me it's happened to me numerous times with the other brands).  also, i sterilized them by boiling them, having the ring make it so much easier to retrieve as well, i just put a chopstick into the ring to fish it out.the only reason why i took off 1 star was these nighttime pacifiers were suppose to have glow in the dark rings.  when you put it under the light during the day, it'll make it glow when it's dark.  but it's only a very faint glow, or not really glowing at all, which makes finding them in the crib at night hard!!