Ok...here's the thing. It's cheap and lightweight, just like any other flat pack furniture you'll find out there, including the stuff from that Swedish place. This is a good thing, because you won't break your back putting it together, or getting the pieces up the stairs, as I had to do. Will it be a family heirloom?...no. Will it be a sturdy piece in your house?...yes. Will it survive a move?...that remains to be seen. Overall I am extremely happy with the piece for the price, for the work I had to put into it, and for what seems like a very nice addition to my office.Ok..let's start at the beginning. The pieces are boxed extremely well with styrofoam, cardboard corners, and protective wrapping between the pieces. Your bookcase pieces are well protected from dings and scrapes. I was very surprised. (Pro)Once you get the pieces all laid out, the directions are abysmal. First, the pieces aren't labeled with letters as they are in the drawing...at least the black one wasn't. None of the pieces were labeled! And the directions are plain bad. If you've put together your fair share of this type of furniture, you've likely dealt with this at one point or another...but these are REALLY bad. Just go slow and get your bearing, practice your 3-D visualization, and  realize that the arched pieces on the top and bottom of the book case go in the front, it will hopefully guide your placement of the pieces in the first few steps. With that principal in mind, you'll be fine. (Con)The screws that the cam locks lock into actually screw into plastic threaded inserts, which makes the insertion of these pieces just about the easiest that I've ever encountered. Instead of screwing them in and splitting the wood, or having them go in at a weird angle, you can actually screw them in with your fingers. I enjoyed this part. (Pro)The cam locks themselves are very easy to strip out. My recommendation is to use the widest and thickest flathead screwdriver that you can fit into the camlocks, and don't try using a phillips head screwdriver, as you'll just tear through the cam locks. Once I started using a flathead, things were fine. (Con).The shelves themselves are only semi-adjustable for 2 reasons. First, there is a permanent shelf halfway that can't be moved. For my particular sizes of books, this permanent shelf was poorly placed, and results in either a very tall section, or 2 very short sections on my bookshelf. Also, the holes for the shelf pins aren't drilled all the way down the sides at even intervals....they're in sections, which means you only have so many options for the adjustable shelves. Again, these weren't perfect for fitting 5 shelves worth of the size of books I wanted to fit. (Con).Unlike others, I have absolutely no problem with the backing. I actually like how they designed it, so that it can unfold and lay perfectly flat. I've had furniture where the back was not flat and securing it to the back of the piece of furniture was an exercise in frustration. Once unfolded the seams almost disappear. If you were so inclined (I wasn't), I think you could probably sharpy the insides of these seams prior to unfolding completely and the seams would likely be nearly invisible. (Pro).When you are securing the backing to the back of the unit, I recommend you start with the unit on it's front. Place the backing right side up, ensuring the holes in the middle line up with the fixed shelf. If they don't, it's upside down. Once they line up, secure the entire top row with screws before tipping it back up to finish the rest of the screws. For the inner screws that screw into the fixed shelves, be VERY careful as you can strip them out very easily. Do not over-tighten, especially these screws. For the outer screws, they can take a little more pressure, but don't over-tighten.These screws are to hold the back in place, not crank it all the way in. Once you strip one or two out, you'll get the feel for it. Also, make sure you are driving these screws STRAIGHT in! If you go in at an angle (and not a very steep angle either), like I did, you may actually wind up driving the screws through the INSIDE of the unit. I drove a screw to the inside, splintering the wood slightly. After backing the screw up and straightening it out, I dabbed a little glue to hold the splintered wood together and ran a tiny bit of sharpie over it when it was dry...good as new. Overall, this is a (Con).Once together the piece looks great. (Pro). The drawer slides nicely (Pro). And it comes with an anti-tipping kit (Pro). Living in So-Cal, I plan on using a really heavy duty kit, but I like that it comes with something already.There you have it. A solid 4-star piece of furniture if you know what you are getting. I plan on ordering another, and this time putting it together should be much faster.Enjoy.