I really wanted a car seat that would allow my daughter to ride rear facing for a longer period of time.  After looking up car seats online, the Sunshine Kids Radian65 SL car seat seemed like the best option with a fairly decent price.I was a little wary about installing the seat since so many users have commented negatively on just how difficult it is, so I was pleasantly surprised to find that it wasn't all that difficult.  My husband and I did have a minorly hard time getting the latch belt thru the bottom (but thankfully I have small hands, and he grabbed various implements from the garage to help guide the belt thru the small opening in the base), but it wasn't nearly as bad as other users lead me to believe.  We've also transferred this car seat multiple times (including taking it on a plane sans a carrier), and were happy to see the latch belt never came undone, and the seat was easily able to reinstalled every time.  The only other difficulty we found was adjusting which slot the seatbelt lock came in.  I'm not looking forward to adjusting that later, but it wasn't so bad that I'd leave the buckle in the widest slot possible.When installed rear-facing, the back of this seat is *very* long.  We've had it installed in our Hyundai Elantra as well as in a Dodge Grand Caravan.  For the Elantra the seat needs to go in the middle to be able to "fit".  I've been able to lower the back of the passenger side seat while the carseat is installed in the back, but it defintely requires pushing to make it go down and back up with the car seat back there.  In the Grand Caravan, the car seat was in one of the middle captain's chairs, and even with the additional room, you could see the car seat was rubbing against the front passenger's headrest.Overall, I love this seat.  The Clips are easy to use, and the seat is so roomy for the baby without taking up a lot of room for the seats nearby.  My daughter seems very comfortable in the seat, and she is significantly happier riding in this than she was in her Graco infant car seat.  Add in how well this seat is rated for safety, and it's ability to be used as a booster seat on a plane, and I couldn't be happier.