I love these clips.  I have a Graco Click Connect Travel System stroller, and while it has a fairly large storage space at the bottom, I wanted a way to hang bags from the stroller (I had previously been tying the plastic bags to the handle bar, but I find that too annoying to do).  These are packaged very nicely, and I like that they had no chemical smell like products sometimes do.  I attached these to the stroller bar on the sides, and these things do not budge.  There is just enough space between the foam covering of the handlebar and the top cup tray on the stroller to wrap these, one on each side.  The clips are metal and look very durable.  They are incredibly easy to open, and it takes a second to slip a bag onto it.  What I love best about these is the customer service; a few days after I ordered these Angela from Freddie and Sebbie customer service emailed me to see how I liked them.  I hadn't had a chance to try them yet, and I emailed her to tell her that and she responded right away.  I also noticed that the 1-star review for this item had a response by her.  When I see this, it makes me want to keep ordering from the company.  So many times we buy products and when something happens with them there is no response from the company.  More companies should be like Freddie and Sebbie and care about their customers and the experience their customers have with the product.  These clips also balance out items very well; I brought home plastic bags filled with three large tubs of powder formula, a subway sandwich, Starbucks brownie, large Pringles, and four ice cream sandwiches.  I split the bags on each side of the stroller, and even though the formula is pretty heavy it did not tip the stroller at all.  Another day I also brought a large pack of Bounty and about four packs of toilet paper, and they hung nicely on these clips.  I really can't say enough about how easy they make it to shop with a stroller.  There's no need for you to search further; if you need a way to hang bags from your stroller (or other items as well, the straps have Velcro that wrap around things of various sizes to attach the carabiner clip so I'm sure there are many other uses for these) these are the clips to get!