My wife and I were looking for a double stroller to take to Disney, but kept running into the same issue that many people have said they ran into.  You either choose a cheap stroller with no features or an super expensive one that cost $500 plus.  The Joovy finds a ninch right in the middle.Pros:-The material feels like a nice quality-The color is bright-The bumper bar is included-Very easy to fold and folds pretty small-Very large canopy-Large storage area underneath-Two cup holders and two pouches provided for parents-two pockets for each child-Both seats fully recline and the bottom folds up for a nice resting area.-The stroller easily fits in every door we've encountered-5 minute assembly. It took us longer to take it out of the box than to assemble it.-Perfect Height.  I am 6 foot and my wife is 5'2" and it is very comfortable for us both to push. A friend that is 6'2" tried it with out any issues.CONS:-Small front wheels. (We did not have any issues with this, but could see where it might be a problem).-Seats must be fully reclined to fold (Again not an issue for us, but a learning curve)We were looking at getting the City Mini GT, but couldn't stand to spend that much.  We decided to try the Joovy since Amazon offered the free returns.  We took it today to a city wide Easter Egg hunt with over 8000 people, and had no issues at all.  The stroller went across grass, pavement, and gravel with no issues. It also very easily maneuvered in the crowd.  Out 3 year old and 1 year old were both very comfortable for the ride. Ever our five year old tried It and fit very well.We carefully read all the reviews on Amazon before purchasing and have noticed that many of the 'complaints' in the earlier reviews have been addressed.  For example, Velcro and zippers have been placed on many parts, including the bumper bar, to easily remove them for cleaning. The bumper bar is also very easy to remove and also pivots open and up, for ease of inserting or removing kids.Finally, I was worried that the Green would be too bright.  However, once it arrived the green is perfect.  It is bright enough to stand out in a crowd, but in no way is too bright or cheap looking.Overall, we are very pleased with the purchase and would buy it again.