I have 13 month old twins that love to drop their sippy cups onto the floor.  And if the cups are not on the floor with a puddle around them, then they are upside down in my babies' laps.  None have broken during their numerous drops, but this is how I find out which ones leak.Here are the cups I have used: I have used ZoLi (fine for a while but are now leaking through the threading and sometimes out of the straw).  The Nuk/Gerber Graduates with the handles that extend and connect to the bottom (they are fine, don't leak, but only hold 6 ounces and are more expensive).  And the Nuk/Gerber without the handle (they were too hard to drink out of without the handle for my little ones - someday it will be fine, but right now handles are easier).Here is why I am loving these cups so far:- They don't leak- The plug that keeps the contents from pouring out has the right amount of 'pluggy-ness' (how is that for a new word!)  Just the right amount of suction allows the contents to come out.- If I put something thicker (like a shake) I remove the plug and the contents drain easily- The handles are easier for the kids to drink- They are reasonably priced!!!  (Basically 4 cups for the price of 2)- It says 7 ounces on the description, but if you fill it to the top it is 9.5 ounces.- They can be upside down, side ways, dropped, and did I mention, they don't leak!Cons:- It is hard to get the last portion of liquid off the bottom of the cup - so I always add in a little extra milk/water knowing that there will be a bit left over- The spout is closer to one edge than the other, and at this point the babies can't tell the difference.  So if the spout is on the wrong side mama has to turn the cups around.I will update when I have used them longer - but so far, these are my favorites!!!!Update:  My kids are now 19 month.  We are still using these cups.  And they still don't leak!!!!!  But, as others mentioned, at around 16 months my kids discovered how much fun it is to bite the spout (because it has a soft layer on top of the hard plastic).  I called NUK and they sent out a replacement lid that just has the hard plastic spout and no handles, so I am using those lids instead.  I still love these cups after almost a year of use!