We own two ergo carriers, the organic one in brown with the matching backpack and this one. I've tried the moby wrap and two different sling carriers and I have to say, nothing gets it done like this. I've thought about trying the other brands of carriers that have a similar style of support, but their reviews just aren't as good.** If heat IS NOT a factor and you are petit / have a small baby that is old enough to not use the infant insert, I recommend getting an original ergo cut, the sport is cut for larger people and babies. I'm only 5'2" 108lbs and the sport works awesome for me- but I only use it more than the other because of the heat, I have it ALMOST to the smallest settings in every way, so it will adjust, but the original is just a little more comfortable padding-wise for me.Also, don't expect miracles- NO carrier is going to stay comfortable in 90+ degree weather for more than 20 min, if that, even with an umbrella. Maybe if ur LO is only wearing a diaper.... Carriers in general suck in the heat-  that proximity to a body is always gna roast those involved, there's no escaping body heat.Pros:-Fast to put on-You can put it on by yourself-The most comfortable for the longest. I can go for about two hours before this thing starts to irritate. Sometimes it's too tight in the waist and I have to readjust, but it's all about making those adjustments.-Adjustments are EASY. Once you get used to it you start to figure out where it needs to be adjusted relative to the discomfort. When the other carriers get uncomfortable, you're screwed.-I nurse in this thing all the time, and once you get the hang of it you can do it really discreetly- with the infant insert, I haven't tried without yet- and even while you are walking. That's one of my favorite features, to not have to take him out to feed on demand. My son is 17 lbs at 4 months and I haven't been able to nurse him in the slings comfortably. To nurse it helps if you lower the waist and then lower the arm straps, lowering the strap more on the side you're going to nurse helps to not have to preform boob gymnastics, but you have to hang on to baby, they start to slide out that way.-Grocery shopping, house work, I take my son to work with me and actually get stuff done. The pocket makes it a lot easier to not have to carry an extra bag if you are just going to the grocery store, you can keep your money- not neccesarily your wallet, phone-I squeeze my iphone in there, and car KEY.-I love how if I decide to take the carrier off I can roll it up and snap it all together, with the infant insert inside it and velcro it to the backpack with the straps that you usually use to attach it to the other carriers.Complaints (this thing is so great, and has made life so much easier that it doesn't lower my rating):- Wish the pocket was bigger like the size on the other ergo carriers, I think it's because it makes it look more sleek...it does look nice, but I sacrifice for function.-The ergo backpack doesn't seem to attach to this- if someone figures out how, please comment me.-It's a tad bulky to carry with you when not in use, but they do squeeze it into that box that you get it in....-keep in mind that if you have a smaller baby, she will be spreading her legs around you as the width of this carrier is slightly wider than the original ergo- maybe bc it gives more support- may need to use the infant insert for longer. I've found that babies are very flexible this way though and it doesn't seem to bother them as it would bother an inflexible adult- just my opinion- there could be other effects on bone development.My LO  is pretty big and I think this will fit him the longest. Right now we are still using it with the infant insert. We live in south tx so I got this one because we needed something that would have good air flow, its just too hot to walk outside with a baby wrapped around you in one of the wrap style carriers. While you can only do about 20 min in 90+ weather its still better than the others.Update:My LO is 8 months old now and this thing is still being used like crazy. He's 20 lbs and I can still cart him around for about about 45 min while he naps. Since he's teething sometimes he has a lot of trouble staying asleep and the closeness seems to make him feel a lot better- The sucking pads are a must at this age.Not only that, but they get really shy around this age and it makes him a lot more comfortable in situations where he doesn't know who everyone is. I still nurse him / put him to bed in it too. I freaking love this thing.Update:Used this with my son until he was 2.5 years. I hiked up the side of a mountain in Hawaii wearing him. I had assistance, but I was still able to do it with him 5 lbs shy of the weight maximum. I don't think it got much more use after that. It's now my 6 month old's favorite way to fall asleep. The only think that's starting to wear out on it is the safety warning on the inside waist band.