We're getting ready to travel back to the UK with our son & his car seat this summer (07). Having taken a closer look at the alternatives (car seat carrier, bag etc.) we thought we would give this one a try.We have a Britax Boulevard seat - certainly not the smallest seat around. It fits well into this carrier. The back padding is reasonable - the most important part being the hard board liner - does a great job of hiding the sharp and irregular edges of the seat.The shoulder straps are quite nicely padded, plenty of slack on the straps to adjust them.The waist/hip supports are not bad either.The seat itself is held in place by one strap top to bottom, one side to side, once the seat is cinched in, the whole thing is reassuringly secure.Once the seat is secured and you hoist the thing on your back, it feels solid. I get the impression this will NOT be sliding around my back or off my shoulder... which is what it's all about.The fabric used in construction is also quite thick, the seams are strongly stitched - I would not worry about this falling apart in the middle of the airport. Will it last forever? I doubt it, but at this price I would not expect it to. It has a good few trips in it though.Comes with a neat stowaway bag, which will make it a lot easier to deal with once we arrive.UPDATE!This worked like a charm... the security people were OK with it - because it is so simple, they had no questions.it carried our britax boulevard seat with ease, the straps adjusted nicely, we even managed to pack in a blanket and diaper bag (which is very handy given the onboard bag allowance).i did pop a seam on the shoulder strap when i picked the thing up - not a problem at the time because it's double stitched, but i will repair it before we use it again.once onboard the plane, just dump the car seat in the plane seat and pop the buckle, the straps will tuck into whatever fold is free. This made it worth buying on its own! no need to unpack, or repack the seat - just untuck and buckle.overall, I would say well worth it. For the first time (with child) traveler I really found this useful.