I recently purchased this gate for the BOTTOM of my steps, since every time i turned around my little crawler was making her way up the steps but she refuses to learn the proper way to go down. The main reason i chose this gate was because i needed one that had the ability to adjust the upper and lower tension bars differently for each of the four corners, and i didn't want to screw anything into my wall since this is a temporary arrangement. along my wall there is a moulding that sticks out about 3/4" further than the rest of the wall, and on the banister side, my square banister post has a wide base that gets thinner as it goes up. *a side note* while i knew there was a difference in the upper and lower widths, i only measured the upper width, and i knew the gate with the extension piece was perfect. however, i neglected to measure the bottom width, and that width was the exact size that was too narrow for using the extension, but the top was too wide to use it without. i ended up placing the gate one step up so that it's attached to a spindle, which is fortunately also square, which gave me the extra couple of inches for the extension to fit comfortably top and bottom. so be sure to measure top and bottom if you're purchasing this for varying widths!! since it's attached to the spindle, which is pretty narrow, i check to make sure that the tension rod hasn't moved several times a day, just to be sure, but it's generally fine.we needed it to swing toward us, which it does, because this is a staircase, not a doorway, and it seemed as though some of the other tension gates only swung away from you, even if it had the ability to swing in both directions. depending where you stood that's where it swung away, but this could be a misunderstanding on my part. As for the opening and closing mechanism, for my husband and myself, it's no sweat, and i can do it while holding the baby in one arm and other items in my other arm since she's old enough that i can balance her for a second on my hip with my arm and use my hand to open it. however, my boys who are 3 5 and 7 have more difficulty with it. the 7-year-old can do it if he uses all his strength, and then generally only if he's standing behind it on the steps, trying to go down because he leans down onto it. the others can't do it at all, because it is a little hard and the buttons on either side that need to be pressed are too far away from one another for small fingers to reach. this is a minus for me, but since they are generally "afraid" to go upstairs without an adult, it's not usually an issue for us. In a perfect world, i'd prefer that they'd be able to open it, but because of my other needs in a gate, i guess that's the sacrifice i had to make.We've been using it for about 2 1/2 months now, and i did not find it difficult at all to put up. did it all by myself without my husband's help and it took all of ten minutes the first time, less when i took it off to try moving it to make sure that i could. Because this was purchased for a crawling baby, not an animal as with other reviewers, we anticipate putting it away as soon as she learns to navigate going down the steps, so we didn't want to spend too much, especially since we needed to buy a gate for the top of the steps too! for that obviously we had to drill into the wall, but that's a whole other review.in closing, the price was right and included the extension, the tensions worked for us, don't forget to measure all widths and compare with product information to be sure with or without the extension works, the assembly was effortless as is opening and closing it for adults, but it is certainly difficult for young children to open and close it. hope this was helpful!!