We bought this when our daughter was born after hearing lots of good things about the kit.The pack comes with:Steady grip nail clippers5 emery boardsGentle care hairbrush and combCradle Cap CombDigital thermometer with case and probe coversMedication bottlenasal aspiratortoothbrushalcahol swabsTo break it down for you, here is what we have found in the last 5-1/2 months.The clippers are great - It would be better if they included the one with the LED light standard, but the regular ones work great, you just either need to do it when baby is sleeping, or with a helper.The nail files are pretty much useless - They are so thin and flimsy that after 5 minutes trying to file my daughter's nails at 3 days I gave up and clipped with the clippers.We use the hairbrush every night to brush our daughter's hair after a bath - just to get her used to the habit. Haven't used the comb or the cradle cap comb either. We have found that washing her hair at least every couple days and massaging her scalp during her nightly baths has kept cradle cap away.The digial thermometor is good - it can be used under the arm, or with a prob to be used rectally. We have only used it under her arm as we have a red cross temporal thermometor that works great and can be used while she is sleeping without waking. This is important if baby hasn't slept much due to fever.The medicine "bottle" is a joke - I use it to store small amount of breast milk for cereal. My daughter has had to have antibiotics once, and she gets tylenol regularly for teething pain - we use the dosage things that came with the medications. This I could understand being useful if you have to give a few ML's of something when baby is 1 or 2, but it's completely useless for us.The nasal aspirator is also a joke. The plastic part disonnects from the "bulb" almost every time we have tried to use it. My daughter was in day care at 8 weeks until just before Christmas, so she had her share of colds and needed a nasal aspirator frequently. This thing would come apart every time we tried to push the bulb in to get a good suction. My advise is throw it away and buy a "little Noses" stuffy nose kit with saline drops and a nasal aspirator. That one has worked wonders for us, along with an electronic one.Toothbrush - My daughter is 5-1/2 months and doesn't have any teeth - We have this set aside for when she gets her first tooth, but let her play with it to "clean" her gums so she is used to it.Alcahols swabs - These are good to clean off the thermometor after each use.Hope this helps someone!