I ordered this product on Saturday night at 9 pm, and it arrived via UPS on Tuesday - this with an estimated delivery date of over two weeks. The product actually arrived at my door before I received the email confirmation that it had shipped. Kudos to TARGET for getting orders out fast!  It was not too difficult to assemble;however, the directions could have been a bit more clear, with better diagrams.  One thing that was a bit disappointing was that the item that arrived was not the one pictured above with the colorful shapes hanging off of the canopy - we received the very gender neutral beige bassinet that is pictured when you CLICK TO ENLARGE.  It is perfect for those of us who have decided not to know the gender of baby before it's arrival, and who don't want to sleep next to BRIGHT YELLOW. :)  I am thrilled with being able to just reach across my bed to see baby and give a pat on the back, instead of having to reach awkwardly up and over the edge or having get up out of bed to get a good view.  Sleep & comfort are precious.  :)  With the casters up, there is a very gentle rocking motion that will be great when the side is up, and used as a stand-alone bassinet.  It is a bit bigger than other bassinets out there, and we had a little bit of trouble getting it out of the room we assembled it in - OOPS!  We had to pick it up and carry it out on it's side... so make sure you build it where you want it.  The larger size will be an asset as time goes by, and we are able to keep baby in it longer.  I also like that we can use it as an additional changing table for a child up to 25 pounds - that adds to it's value for sure!  The basket underneath is VERY large. The DIAPER POCKET that clips to the side will not hold much - but that isn't a problem.  Converting the Bassinet to Bedside Sleeper/Changing Table was quick and easy. The canopy is not difficult to take on and off, but it does click very loudly when you raise and lower it (might be bad if baby is sleeping and you decide you need to move it).  Overall it is an excellent value, especially at this price.