I ordered no less than 20 bags of all different prices and brands through Amazon (up to $200.00), and this one was the winner as far as size and functionality went. I am going to write a crazy detailed review b/c diaper bag shopping is HARD work and I just want to help some mamas (and daddies) out. So here are some reasons that I like this bag:Size: Great size!  A little roomy for a couple hour outing, but it doesn't look awkwardly empty. And it holds everything I need for a day away. (I have 4 kiddos)Pockets: There are four generous sized pockets inside. I have about 8 disposable diapers and the changing pad in one, cream/Powder with wipes on top in another, extra spit up clothes in a 3rd, and a pouch full of baby/kid meds in the last. In the outside pockets, I have attached toy tethers to the satchel rings in order to secure toys without worry about losing them. The zip pockets are kind of small, but I have extra pack's in one and gum/phone can fit in the other. The end pockets can hold a sippy cup or water bottle in one and I can fit a bottle and icepack in the other. The outside front/back pockets would also accommodate bottles and cups.Internal non-pocket space: Even with everything in the above pockets, I can fit a  skip hop wet/dry bag with extra clothes in the middle AND a playtex bottle cooler if I need it.Stroller attachment: These work great and do not take up much space in the bag. Also, if they happen to break, they are only 8.00 to replace, which is a considerable amount cheaper than other brands.Color: The green in this photo is much more lime green then you actually get, and the white is actually Khaki. If you google the bag, you will find a better photo. I also ordered the gray, which was beautiful as well and now belongs to my sister.Warranty: JJ Cole has a two-year warranty on their product and are very easy to work with.Extra note: I actually removed the satchel straps from mine without damaging them and just left the rings. With the satchel straps AND the messenger strap, I found the straps to be overwhelmingly in the way, and I only use the messenger strap. It looks a small bit awkward :-), but after looking through so many bags that were lacking, I just went with it!I hope this review was helpful!