I researched many many strollers when I was creating a baby registry, and Peg Perego Venezia came up as a winner because of the following key features:1. Reversible handle. I didn't realize how important and convenient this is until I actually used it - to shield the child from wind/rain/sun and to enable the baby to face you when he's sleeping.2. Reclines completely flat. Most strollers claim to be infant-friendly with a full recline, but few truly are. Most still have a small angle. But since I was looking for an infant-to-toddler stroller, I wanted the stroller to recline completely like a pram. This stroller does that.3. HUGE basket. I do some shopping while I'm walking the baby to save time, and this basket is very convenient.4. Boot. It's nice and cozy and is made of thick fabric.5. Bar handle, as opposed to two handles for each hand. This makes steering with one hand much easier.6. Maneuverability - it's quite responsive, turns well and fits well in the shopping isles of a store or supermarket.7. Folds upright - I did not want a stroller that I'd have to put on the ground to fold, especially in a bad weather. But this stroller folds upright, and can stand on its own in the folded position. It has handles on each side to carry it.8. Fits well into the trunk of my car. I tried it with Mazda Protege and Toyota Corolla, and had no problems.This stroller has a few inconveniences:1. The boot cannot be completely detached from the stroller, and when not in use, has to be stored in the basket. It's a pity, because it it will take quite a lot of space in the basket, and the large basket on this stroller is one of the nice features.2. Yes, the cup holder is useless. I wish it would have some kind of a tray like the Gracos do.  But the cup holder hooks are great for hanging small-medium sized bags on, increasing your shopping capacity.In addition, there's one major disappointment - the wheels. They will get stuck on any bump/crack that's over 1/2 an inch, and will barely move on grass, gravel, snow, etc. I'm a city dweller, so I mostly walk on paved sidewalks and it's not that big of an issue. However, now that the winter's here, I'm finding strolling through the ice/snow very frustrating.In conclusion, I love the features, not too bothered by the inconveniences, but very frustrated with the wheels. But everything is a compromise. I was looking for an infant-to-toddler stroller that's reasonably compact and comfortable for both mom and baby. This stroller almost has it. I would recommend it only if you live in a city, though. If you're planning to walk anywhere where there are unpaved/cracked/bumpy roads, don't get it.