My husband & I had the hardest time picking a stroller/car seat combo.  This was our first baby, so we had no idea what qualities would be important to us.  Safety is obvious, and price was of course a factor, but what else?  Lightweight?  Easy to set up & take down?  Comfort for us & baby?  Which mattered more & which "cons" should we give the most credence to?  We went to many stores & tried out every model, then we'd come home and read the Amazon reviews, and the ones we liked would have negative comments that would make us doubt our decision, so we'd start the search all over again.  It seemed like no one liked their stroller/car seat.I'm sure some of you out there are having the same trouble, so for those of you hung up like I was on the negative comments, I would like to give you a different perspective on some of the other reviews.  Just because there is a "con" doesn't mean it's a dealbreaker - these things are livable!  There is no perfect item out there - the Chicco is as close to perfect as we felt we could get - we love it, and we'd buy it again.THE BIG PICTURE:1.  This is a GREAT stroller for the price range.  It is not the cheapest, but not nearly the most expensive.  We bought a Graco first and didn't like it - the carseat on this locks so much easier into the base and the stroller, and it also feels much sturdier, smoother, and better put together than the Graco.2.  It rides great - inside & outside.  It steers easily, it's smooth, and the handle feels comfy.3.  It is easy to clean, and the fabric choices are stylish.4.  The stroller is very simple to unfold & fold, and the carseat could not be any easier to lock in place.5.  It is comfortable for the baby.  She falls asleep & stays asleep in it often.NOW, TO ADDRESS SOME SUPPOSED DRAWBACKS:1.  Yes, the fabric is warm, (some of the styles of Chicco even seem hotter than others, go see them in person first), but so are pretty much all carseat fabrics (and swing and high chair fabrics). It makes them easy to clean).  We bought the "Cubes" and are happy with that fabric and pattern.  It is summer in Texas and the baby sweats a bit on her back.  It doesn't seem to bother her at all.2.  We have not had any trouble with the straps being too tight or too loose, brakes not working, or wheels squeaking.  Our baby has been in the 75-90th percentile for height & weight since 2 months, and no trouble fitting.  And I can't imagine how anyone could have trouble locking in the carseat unless it was broken.  We literally tried every model at Babies R Us and Buy Buy Baby, and this was the easiest one to lock in.3.  Yes, it is heavier than some models.  The seat feels heavier than the stroller.  I consider myself a full-fledged wimp, and I could handle either.  I use a carrier of some type instead of toting the seat by itself when possible.  Not a big deal.4.  When using the seat with the stroller, unless you have a very narrow diaper bag, it will be hard to get it under the seat, and you won't be able to fit some shopping items under there.  Again, not a big deal - use a mommy hook or carry the bag on your shoulder.  You don't need tons of heavy stuff in your bag when the babies are that young.  We always used a hand basket for shopping - it is easy enough to maneuver the stroller with one hand, and we never felt comfortable putting shopping items under the stroller.  It felt like people were always watching us thinking we were shoplifting.  (Sometimes they specifically checked for that).5.  The adult beverage holder is too shallow.  If you hit a bump, your drink will probably spill.  However, if you are at the mall, etc., not many bumps there, and if you are outside, you can attach a water bottle to a mommy hook.Disclaimer:  We have owned this for 5 months now, it is holding up perfectly so far.  We live in the suburbs, so we use this for shopping, but we also take it on a pretty rough sidewalk about 1/2 to 1 mile every day.  We also have large vehicles, so no trouble fitting the stroller.  Another caveat, either one of us does the grocery shopping while the other keeps the baby, or we both go & one pushes the cart and the other pushes the stroller, so if you have to do lots of shopping alone & with baby, there may be a better product for you since the carseat does take up most of a shopping buggy & the basket is difficult to access.