I hardly ever write reviews, but I just had to because... This moisturizing cream is THE BEST of both worlds - sinks in better than a typical LOTION, but doesn't leave as much sticky residue as an OIL.My baby (under age 1) has had dry skin with red patches on her ears, legs, under her elbows, knees, and anywhere drool is left behind. She was constantly itchy and scratched herself to the point of bleeding sometimes.I was hesitant to buy a product that wasn't 100% organic with all natural ingredients, however, I went down a long road before I came to this one and I want to save you the time and energy I wasted.First, I tried Honest Company's bath wash and lotion. Fail.Second, I tried a combination of Honest Company's bath wash, Vanicream and Aquaphor. Helped a bit, but stopped working after a few months.Third, I went all natural and bought Badger Baby Balm, Badger Oil and Babo Miracle Cream. (Badger is mostly olive oil.) I really wanted to love all three products, esp. the Babo but I agreed with the reviewers that said the smell turned them off. I would have stuck with them if they had worked because I love the ingredients and EWG (Environmental Working Group) ratings, but they just did not work.Finally, I bought Mustela's Cream Wash and Moisturizing Cream!!!*Note: I also bought Angel Baby Oil and Aveeno Baby Eczema Therapy Bath.Hers is my winning combination:(1) Mustela Cream Wash in separate tub/sink(2) Aveeno oatmeal bath in her baby tub(3) Angel Baby Oil (from Earth Mama Angel Baby, just for an added all natural element, to get the calendula in there, and to help her scalp. It contains: grape seed oil, jojoba oil, and organic calendula)(4) Mustela Moisturizing Cream after the bath and everyday all overI didn't believe the other reviewers, but after JUST ONE BATH we saw an improvement!It has been 3 days now and her red patches are almost all gone.Don't make my mistake in thinking all natural is always the best. I realized sometimes we need medications and those are synthetic. My baby's skin was so sensitive she needed "medication" for it and Mustela worked for her!! I've been agonizing for 10 months...Couldn't be happier!!