I honestly cannot rave more about this product! It has literally saved my breast milk twice now. I waited to write this review to see how much it would help me. I bought this product in February and I started taking it the day it arrived, at first I took it for a week straight 3x a day and noticed a significant increase In my supply. Then after that I took 2 pills once daily and it kept steady and I did that for two weeks and I didn't need them after that, its like it gave me a JumpStart like you would if you had a good battery in your car it just needed a jump ;) I bought this product because I was struggling with my supply. My daughter finally at 2 1/2 months old was diagnosed with pyloric stenosis which is where the bottom of you stomach the muscle that dumps your food into your small intestine builds up a big muscle and doesn't let enough food down into the small intestine. It is hard to diagnose and my daughter was eating and gaining weight she was just puking all the time. So my breastfeeding was going good before her surgery but once she was operated on I had to pump for a little while and saved in me milk which saved me but once I started breast feeding again I noticed she was starving, she wasn't getting enough, she was finally eating like a normal baby and my body wasn't keeping up I was trying everything, drinking a ton of water, eating a lot of protein and balanced meals taking vitamins you name it I was not going tonwave the white flag on breastfeeding, I started supplementing formula with my breatmilk to keep her happy but I was unhappy and feeling defeated. So I started researching and came across this product and the reviews were good and thought I had nothing more to lose. I can honestly say I am in love with this product and would reccomend it to any Mom in the fight for her and her baby! So after I stopped having to take it everything was going perfectly till last night. I noticed that whole day my daughter wanted no part in breastfeeding like she wasn't happy (teething, and the breast wasn't making her happy to knaw on.) So I just gave her bottles instead but at night I ALWAYS breast feed and I was trying and she was crying so I started pumping and barely even got a 1/2 oz out of each side, I was beside myself to say the least my husband was having to console me. I wasn't ready to be done breastfeeding. So after many tears later I went down stairs and took my pills and thought it was worth a shot. I breast fed my daughter last night but she wasn't getting much again but it was just enough for her little 5 min she ate while half asleep. I took my pills this morning and pumped about an hour later and got 3 oz out of each side. I then took my pills again and pumped another 3 oz. I honestly swear by this and imbsure by tomorrow I'll be able to pump more. If you feel defeated as a Mom with pumping or breast feeding, please, do yourself a favor and purchase this product do admit defeat we are strong women and we can do tvis just sometimes we need help. You have nothing to lose. Its worth the money for sure.The pills can taste kind of like garlic pills so you may want to take with juice or milk and you may burp up what tastes like garlic pulls but still so worth it. The pills are about a half inch in length so beware with people who hate taking pills. The manufacturer sent them out quickly and I received them within 2 days of purchasing so it made me feel more comfortable in my feelings of defeat. I read that if you take the supply 3x a day 2 pills each time that it doesn't last very long maybe a month or so but obviously it has lasted me a lot longer and I still pretty much have a full pill bottle so again I am a happy customer.