We purchased this to take to Disney World (We have annual passes).  We have a pricey double stroller, but we will sometimes take our 18month old and 3.5 year old in different directions.  So we need two single strollers for the parks.Last time we were at the Magic Kingdom, my husband and I witnessed a family whose stroller was stolen from the stroller parking.  And so we chose to set our budget at $60 per stroller, instead of our original.  That way, if something happened or one was stolen, we weren't out a ton of money.We want something that's quick to fold and compact, lightweight, and has lots of storage options. We also need 5-point safety harnesses, and most strollers in this genre only have 3-point harnesses.Pros:- 50lb passenger weight limit.  Most of these strollers in our price range have 40lb or even 30lb weight limits.- 11.8lb stroller weight.- True one-hand fold, plus this stroller rolls while folded and stands unassisted.- Neither the child snack tray nor the child seat touch the ground when folded.  We looked at other brands where the snack tray or kids' seat touched the dirty ground when we pressed the button and folded the stroller.- Huge storage basket.  Plus, a child snack tray and parent tray too.- Extended length sun shade.  Sun will not be getting in my kids' eyes while they are in this stroller.- Large plastic window so parents can see inside the canopy... although there is no way to cover it up.- Multi-position recline.  Several other brands only had 2-position recline at this price point.- Padded handles.- 5-point harness.- The nylon parts are screwed into the frame - super sturdy!  I looked at a couple of strollers where the seats were attached to the frame with plastic pinss- Rear wheel brakes, and front wheel shocks.Cons:-The child and parent tray cup holders will only accommodate very narrow sippy cups, or bottles of water.  A Starbucks cup will not fit.- My kids can't climb in this stroller unassisted without me removing the snack tray first.  AND, the stack tray only snaps off, doesn't swing to the side.- There is no additional padding on the seat.  But, my kids both said it was comfy.- The seats cannot be detached for cleaning.- The wheels are only plastic, not rubber.  (Given, all strollers like this in our price range have plastic wheels.)- It only comes in red.  Pink would have been nice.All-in-all, this is the best bet if you're looking this type of stroller.  We don't plan on using this everyday, and we won't be getting rid of our nicer strollers either.  If you're going to Disney World, or on a cruise, this is the perfect inexpensive stroller to take!