I know what you're thinking. I know EXACTLY what you're thinking. I thought the same thing when my husband told me about this "awesome thing he saw somewhere" that allows you to suck the snot out of your baby's nose with your mouth. Ummm, excuse me? No. Well, it finally happened: my husband was right, and I was wrong.1 or 2 little "baby colds" later, half a dozen restless if not completely sleepless nights later, I sent him out to purchase this miracle tube. And miracle it is, my friends.First of all, it's not as disgusting as I first thought. It's not like siphoning gas - the snot isn't going to fly up into your mouth. Check out the picture. The snot is collected into a tube at the baby's nose, and then you blow it back out into a nearby tissue or wipe. And unlike the infamous "bulb syringe", this works.Picture this: You're up in the middle of the night because baby is snoring and grunting. He can't breathe. Again. You lay him down on the changing table and grab the bulb syringe and depress it, and stick it into his nose. It slooooowly regains its shape and sucks out a bit of snot. You depress it again. By this time your baby is screaming like he's being squashed by an elephant. The problem with the bulb thingy is that it doesn't always "suck" fast enough, leaving you with a screaming baby. Enter nosefrida: You grab it and place the end of the tube into the baby's nose. You suck quickly. BAM! You can see what's coming out. You see your progress. Within 5 seconds, your baby's airway is clear and you pick him up to comfort him.It's easy to clean. It's transportable. It's ready whenever you need it. It's fast-acting. This thing ROCKS.Oh, and don't act like you're grossed out by this review.. If you already have a baby, no doubt you have seen and read things much, much grosser. And if you don't have one yet, well, let's just say that your conversation topics and amazon searches will become totally shameless, and snot is the least disgusting thing you will experience and talk about.To address other reviewers' germ concerns: I'm just cracking up at the number of 1-star reviews saying, "I GOT THE EXACT SAME COLD AS MY BABY OMG!!" Don't let being afraid of breathing your baby's exhalations that you don't order this. You're going to be all around his sicky germs regardless of what aspirator you use.