I bought two of these to help me keep a handle on my twins.  Below are are some observations I've made.1.  SizingI started using these when my twins began walking (in opposite directions).  They weighed about 20 pounds at the time, and the harness adjusts just fine for their size.  I haven't tried it on a larger child.  The straps adjust around the ribs and over the shoulders, as shown in the picture.  The package insert lists sizing as:Waist: 11.8" to 27.5"Shoulder Straps: 9.8" to 17.7"Anchoring straps: 3.9" to 9.8" (I think this refers to the "leash" and the small straps for attaching harness to a chair)2.  How it attaches to your childIt is very easy to put on the child, even if the child is wiggling.  It does NOT go over the head.  Just slip arms into the giant space between the shoulder straps and rib strap and clip the rib strap together.  What you can't see in the picture . . . the strap that fits around the ribs clips in the back with a standard plastic piece, much like the buckle on a stroller.3.  Straps, straps, and more strapsThe rib strap has a clip on each side, just behind where the child's arms hang down.  This clip allows you to attach different "anchoring" straps to the harness.One strap is a single piece, about 2 feet long, both ends of which clip into the rib strap and forms the "leash" to which the parent holds.  This is the part you see modeled on the child in the picture.Alternatively, you can clip in a small strap on each side.  These small straps are only a few inches long and loop around something (like a chair slat or shopping cart bar).  This configuration allows very little wiggle room.  These are handy for belting a child into a standard dining chair, into a shopping cart seat when the cart's buckles are missing (or if you have a Houdini that can escape the shopping cart straps), or into the buggy part of the cart if your kid likes to stand up but not fall out of the cart!4.  LikesEasy to put onEasy to adjustLightweightCompact and easy to slip into your purse (in contrast to the stuffed animal backpack type harnesses)Easy to control a toddler with balanced pull on the child--I don't worry about yanking the kid's arm off, choking her, or knocking her down.5.  DislikesMy main gripe is how short the leash is!  Your child can't go more than 6 inches away before she is pulling at the straps.  I don't know if this is due to my height (5'8") or my child's height (28")??  I ended up attaching a second all-purpose strap to the leash to give my child more space, and it works just fine.Consider a small bag to store everything in when not in use, otherwise the straps get tangled up with the other items in your purse.