We've been looking for months for the perfect stroller: Light enough for my wife to carry with one hand, very easy to fold/open, totally flat recline (required for newborns), big basket, seat can face both directions, good big wheels, folds compactly, and effortless navigation and steering. Looked at the Bugaboo Bee, Cameleon, Donkey, Stokke Xplory, Peg Skate, City Mini GT, Uppa Baby Vista and Cruz, etc and we were about to give up until we were introduced to the Book Plus last week. Wow, it was such a no brainer once we learned about all the functions of the Book Plus. It has the best things of most of the other strollers at a great price so we ordered one right away. The funny thing is that we didn't have a budget for the stroller since mom was willing to pay, but even then the Book Plus won out on the more expensive models. Thank you Peg! Looks great too. We were debating between the stone and pois grey and wish the pois grey was available in stores to compare. Anyways, the next step will be to see how durable it is.Bonus is that it also comes with a Baby Foot Muff, Rain Cover, Adult cup holder, and Front Bar...most of which are extras for other brands. A bassinet and snack tray are extras that can also be added at a reasonable cost.Here are some comparisons that helped us:-Totally flat recline which many do not have like the Uppababy Vista and Cruz, so no need to buy a bassinet.-Closing and opening was the second most easiest. The City Mini GT was the easist but the main issue with the City was that when folded the inside of the seat is external and exposed to everything.  Also once you add the car seat, then the stroller becomes much more bulky and not as easy to steer. Stokke was difficult too to close and doesn't get much smaller.-Closes with seat attached! Don't understand why the Bugaboos don't have this basic feature. Bugaboos always require that you take off the seat before folding the stroller. A big extra step I don't want when I'm busy.-Closes with the seat facing INSIDE, protected from the ground and elements, unlike the City Mini GT.-Closes upright and doesn't have to be laid on the ground flat, getting dirty and such. Didn't like the Bugaboos for this reason since have to lay it flat on ground to close. Plus they felt too low to the ground compared to more higher seat positions these days like the Stokke and Vista. Great suspension though on the Bugaboos.-Closes compactly so fit in our sedan trunk even with the seat on, unlike the bulky Stokke and Vista-Seat can be removed, unlike less costly Peg Book (not Plus) model and City Mini GT.-Reversible seat can face both directions, unlike the Peg Book (not Plus) model-Light enough for the wife to lift up with one hand into a car, unlike many others especially the ones that can take a second seat like the Vista, Skate, etc-Directly takes on our Peg Perego car seat. Other brands can attach Peg Perego car seats using an adapter but it sticks out when folded, is another thing to remove, and costs extra.-Big Basket was a necessity and it's almost as big as the UppaBaby Vista and Cruz whose baskets we liked. Stokke and the City Mini GT has minimal space.-Easy navigation since its narrower than others especially the wide Vista.-Large canopy with see through window and pocket that unzips to become a sun canopy-When folded, can be wheeled away (great for travelling) unlike Bugaboo.-Very smooth big wheels since 12 ball bearings. Noticed this immediately with other Peg models vs. other brands.-Includes 2 diaper bag hanging hooks, which most others did not. Nice to also see that it was made with a diaper bag in mind unlike the City Mini GT which has almost no basket and advises not to hang a diaper bag. City Mini GT had some of the best wheels, very easy steering and the best folding but we didn't like the lack of storage space and that the Peg Car Seat with adapter would fit on TOP of the seat since the seat isn't removeable. Looks very bulky.-One-hand design allows for quick, easy and compact fold-Telescoping handles and a side cup holder-Built-in rear footboard that provides a safe ride for a second passenger-Loop on canopy to dangle baby's favorite toy-Lockable front swivel wheels-Four different backrest recline positions-All wheel suspension-Lots of included accessories: Foot Muff, Rain Cover, Adult cup holder, and front bar.-Lots of Awesome Add-ons: Bassinet (which is amazing), new Practico seat that is much lighter and compact so the Book Plus can become like an umbrella stroller.-New seat material is made with neoprene so its softer with more padding, more stain and water resistant, more durable than cotton/polyster material.-Comes in great colors like the Stone, Pois Grey, Pois Black (Didn't see the Menthe, Flamenco a bit dark but maybe it was the store lighting).Negatives:-1 year warranty where others have 2 year. However, we paid with a credit card with extended warranty protection so it adds an additional year to the original warranty.  So now we have a 2 year warranty.-Color of the new material in Flamenco is a bit dark. Talked to Peg and new brighter colors in the new material will be coming out 2013/14.Hope our experience can help some of you newbies who are dealing with information overload like we did. The rest of the baby items should be easier...so I hear. ;)Quick update (Feb 19, 2013): Loving it so far. Definitely an excellent buy- easy to turn in tight elevators (so glad i didnt get the uppa baby), fits easily in numerous sedan trunks, so easy to fold and light enough for my wife to hold with one hand, love that we can  close it vertically which we always do (not having to lay it flat on the ground to close like bugaboo), basket fits a lot incl the heavy electric medela pump system,  Foot muff and rain cover definitely very handy esp when it snows or its real cold, baby always falls asleep in it, big 10 inch back wheels and all wheel suspension makes it easy to get through anything, and people come up to us all the time saying the stroller looks great and fashionable asking what model and brand it is. If you have a peg Perego car seat, don't bother with an adapter and just get this stroller.Update October 23, 2013:  Baby is almost 24lbs and is still loving it. And we're loving it.  No issues with the quality of the stroller at all. It's been through a lot of adverse conditions and rough terrain but still no problems.  For those that say the basket sags, I think you have attached it incorrectly.  I had the same problem at first but then noticed that there are two front tabs for the basket. After correcting it, I have had no problems putting as much weight into the basket without any sagging and nothing touching the ground.  I was surprised how much weight it could support. Two of our friends also purchased the same model and are also loving it too especially how easy and quick it folds from the standing position.