If you read the reviews beforehand like I did, then you'll know that OsoCozy tends to run small in their sizing - so that part was no surprise to me on receiving these, or other OsoCozy, diapers. I went for the Premium size for my 3.5 month old (she weighs 12-13lb.; these Better Fit prefolds are supposed to fit 14-30lbs) and they fit great right now. I LOVE the shorter length and they fit very nicely into her diaper covers. I don't expect these to get me to 30lbs, but hopefully at least 20-25lbs. or so. I'm ok with that. I still like the diapers and think they are of great quality.The reason I opted to try these Better Fit (BF) prefolds instead of OsoCozy's usual Indian Cotton(IC) prefolds is because the IC sizes available don't fit my daughter at her current size. From birth, I had been using the IC prefolds in "Infant" size. My daughter started to outgrow them around 3 months (12bs. or so), so I ordered the "Premium" IC. Even washed, the Premium size is huge! Yes, I could fold the end to make the length shorter, but they would then be really bulky - in order to use them, I'd probably have to make a larger size diaper cover just to fit the bulk.So I found these BF ones which are made to have a shorter length to fit into diaper covers better and they have been exactly what I needed for the time being! I'm holding onto my Premium IC prefolds and will break them out in couple months as my daughter grows into them more.4/13/12 UPDATE: My daughter is now 7 months and 17-18lbs. I'm still using the premium sized "Better Fit" prefolds with her, as the regular (non-"better fit") premium size still seem huge. However I think I've discovered something about the OsoCozy diaper sizing: The weight range they give for diaper size must correspond with if you are TRIFOLDING the diapers in the covers, NOT snappi-ing them! Which would make sense why so many people say that their babies outgrow them before the weight given!Around 5.5 months, when I started introducing solids and her poop became less runny, I stopped snappi-ing the prefolds and just trifolded them and laid them in the covers. With trifolding, I've found that these premium Better Fit size diapers are likely to last me a looong time now. It makes me wonder if I could've gotten more use out of the infant size had I not tried to snappi, but trifolded instead.7/31/12 UPDATE: My daughter is now 10.5 months old and around 19-20lbs. She is STILL fitting into the same premium "Better Fit" prefolds quite nicely (although we use disposables for heavy nighttime wetting now). I fully expect them to last until at least her first birthday, or longer - I'll update whenever she finally grows out of this size and I have to buy the toddler size.9/10/12 UPDATE: My daughter is turning 1 year old this week and the bathroom scale says 21.5lbs. I'm finally about to order the toddler size - NOT because she's outgrown the premium size though - but because she's starting to soak through on a regular basis and I'm hoping the toddler size will give us more absorbancy.5/15/13 UPDATE - I'm so glad that this review of mine has helped so many people! As an update, my daughter is now 20 months and about 24lbs. We're still going strong in the toddler size. The prefolds themselves are holding up beautifully after so many months of constant wearing and washing. I'm hoping to potty train soon, so these will be put in storage to be used for a future sibling, if we are lucky enough to have another. They are still in great condition and I have no doubts whatsoever about them holding up for a second child. Overall, I have been very pleased with all of the OsoCozy prefolds I have used and would definitely recommend the brand to anyone looking to use prefold diapers on their baby/toddler.10/26/14 UPDATE: I now have Baby#2 who is 6 months old, 16 lbs. I'm using the same prefolds as from Baby#1 and my son is currently in the premium, red edging size. In-between my two kids, I lent the prefolds to my sister, so these are now on their 3rd kid and I'm beginning to notice a little bit of wear. The non-serged edges are becoming a little thin and a couple of them are starting to appear a bit stringy on the edges. I am still able to use the prefolds for their intended use without any issue though. They just appear more worn. I'm pretty sure they will last me all the way through this third kid, but if I have another kid someday, I may consider replacing the prefolds. So, these prefolds have a lifecycle of at least 3 kids (and remember this is with heavy use and every-other-day washing). If I had started with more prefolds to alternate between, then the dozen I have may not have worn through as quickly.