I bought 4 different types of hands-free pumping bra: the Dairy Fairy Arden All-in-one Nursing & Hand-free Pumping Bra, the Medela Simple Wishes Hands-free Pumping Bra and the Rumina Relaxed Crossover Nursing & hand-free Pumping Bra, plus this one. I would say this one and the Rumina Relaxed Crossover are the best! Here are the details for each of them based on my personal experience:1. The Dairy Fairy Arden all-in-one: expensive and looks pretty, it's also easy to be used and it can be wore all the time.  But the cups of the bra is a bit loose and it doesn't play the role to "gather" breasts; plus, the direct touch of the fabric is not very comfortable to the nipples, especially after you finish pumping and when the tip of the nipples is are bit wet.2. Medela one: when you have to pump 5-7 times per day, the effort of taking off your underwear and put this on, get it zipped, put the device through the holes becomes to be a hassle... Not mention from time to time you may find when you did not position the devices appropriately through the holes, it would impact the effect of pumping.3. Rumina Relaxed Crossover: I would also rate this as 5 - easy to be used and quite comfortable cotton fabric. The only “weakness” compare to the Rumina full coverage bra is you will have your belly naked – so when you have to pump at work place, it could be a bit inconvenience to take off and on your clothes.4. Rumina full coverage hands-free pumping bra – I love this and bought a black and a white one. It was tough for me to wear them during the first few weeks as I had serious hand wrists pain – it was just hard for me to use my hands to put them on and pull them to the right place as both the band and the fabric has strong elasticity. When my hand wrists recovered and when I also wore them for a couple of weeks, I really love them. The thick cotton fabric is very solid with high quality; the full coverage made it so easy to be wore everywhere – when I go to work, I just simply put a cardigan on, it’s easier to do the pumping work (no need to take off and on clothes). The strong elastic fabric also plays the role to “band” the tummy area – after I spent $79.95 to buy the Belly Bandit Mother Tucker Nursing, I found the effectiveness of tummy “control” of Rumina full coverage is better than the Belly Bandit: it doesn’t roll up (which Belly Bandit does), and the fabric keeps nice after a few times washing and drying (the Belly Bandit fabric got a lot of small “fussy balls” on the surface).