We bought this stool in combination with a potty seat Arm & Hammer Secure Comfort Potty Seat, Colors May Vary, a year ago and since than, my son uses it to climb up to the potty himself without us needing to place him all the time. Other than that, he has occasionally used it while washing hands. It is a pretty solid construction and it states that it can carry up to 200lbs. I am not personally sure about that but I can ensure you it can handle any size of child easily. My wife (122 lbs) and my mom (163 lbs) tested it for the sake of this review and it did not show any difficulty carrying their weights.It measures 11 X 9.5 inches at the top blue area and 12 x 10 inches at the bottom so the bottom is relatively larger which might prevent flip over related injuries. The height is  6.5 inches.Before writing this review, we had never folded it back and it was on at all times for the last 15 months. Then, I decided to give it a try so that I can comment on the folding operation, which was a horrible idea. It basically works by simultaneously pressing two latches (like a laptop battery) and that makes it somewhat child proof although one of the latches was pretty loose. Somehow I could get it unfolded with quite a bit of difficulty but when it came to folding it back it took three of us 10 minutes to get it to the right combination (some hinges got dislocated and were very hard to put back in). Besides, while unfolding, I saw the screws holding the latches were all rusted. Our miserable unfolding experience might be due to the stool not having been unfolded ever before or due to the lack of directions but in either case I will never unfold it again.Another concern was the slippery legs. I read it in one of the reviews and tested it myself. My bathroom floor is not a perfectly smooth one, yet it was pretty easy to slide  it even with some force applied on. A child rushing onto the stool might be in danger if the surface is smooth and/or wet.In conclusion Although I like this stool in general, a little bit of experimenting while writing this review, has thankfully, showed me that it is not perfect. I docked one star due to the difficulty in unfolding and the possibility of slip related injuries. Other than that, it is okay...