After reading TNPHINFAN'S review, I almost passed on this wonderful highchair... Boy, am I glad I listened to the other reviews and went ahead and purchased it!! With last minute Thanksgiving plans (at our home), I needed a highchair for my 5 month old quickly! I checked out our local "Babies R Us" and "Target" but had no luck finding one that I really liked. I had my eye on this particular chair on AMAZON for about a week and really liked the modern look and price. Like TNPHINFAN, I don't mind spending the extra $$ to make sure my little one is comfortable but did want to stay within our $175.00 budget. Amazon had this highchair delivered to us within 2 days and It was all positive from the moment we opened the box..Here are some of the things I really liked about the Evenflo Right Height:(1)Assembly was a snap! Took my husband all but 15 minutes to put together.(2)The ease of adjusting the seat up or down took no effort at all with all parts sliding very smoothly.(3)The backrest with the back reclining option was a huge plus for my younger baby and was very easy to use. Many of the highchairs in this price range did not have this option.(4)Asthetically beautiful, due to its modern look/design. The internetpictures do no justice for this highchair!! Not to mention it's reasonable price! Without a doubt, I would have paid more money if I saw this chair  the store.(5)The fabric cover of the seat and plastic tray easily come off to make cleaning a breeze!Here's what I thought could be better but deffinately were NOT deal breakers for me:(1)The chair was a bit bigger than what I had expected, but the option to fold it flat was deffinately a plus.(2)The seat could use a TINY bit more cushion, but I tend to put a folded blanket under the seat of her gadgets anyway.. Never the less, this chair is far from feeling hard or uncomfortable without that extra padding.**Overall, We are extremly happy with this highchair and would have paid alot more $$$ for it!** Please don't let the reasonable price tag of this high chair deter you from purchasing it! My only regret was not buying it sooner! In my opinion, you will not be disappointed!!!