Growing up, my family always had a stainless steel plate with an elephant engraved on it that my brother was given as a baby gift.  My brother and I always gravitated toward it, even as teenagers, when we wanted a snack.  Over the years it held its beauty, and there was something so satisfying about using it.  When I had my first child 7 years ago, I desperately looked for something like it, but could find nothing anywhere.  Someone sent me a metal dining set, but it was silverplate, and just not the same.  Needless to say, I was so excited to find these, and ordered 3 sets, one for each of my children.They arrived, and they are just as nice as I'd hoped.  The sizes are great, perfect for children, but not ridiculously small.  My 7-year old will probably get another year or two with the fork and spoon, but will continue to use the bowl and plate for years, if she's anything like her ole' mama:)I was only slightly surprised to find that the sets were made in China.  Pretty much any steel product these days is, in my experience.  I emailed the company to address this, and see if they do any testing on the products as I was concerned about lead.  The president of the company wrote back very quickly, and was so incredibly nice and helpful.  Here is part of her response:  "You can be rest assured that my products have no lead (bpa, phlates...or anything of the like. As a matter of fact 18/8 #304 stainless steel never has lead it in. It's just not in the components. This is my first production run and yes, it has been tested by the one of the two top most reputable third-party testing companies in the world.I have all the documents to support the multiple testings I have done for this product.I understand today's market place (and how scary it can be for parents...I'm one of them) so I made sure to support myself with as much information as I could before I launched the collection."  She offered to send me all of the documentation.All in all, I would highly recommend these, and am very satisfied with my purchase!