I bought two of these, one for each twin, after doing research on movement sensors.  Here's what I think about it after about a month of use.:::Pros:::Can use it anywhereIt worksBuzzer doesn't wake baby, just a gentle nudge to breatheCompact sizeEasy to wipe off:::Cons:::Directions are mostly pictoral, not writtenAlarm after 20sec isn't as loud as I would likeClip isn't spring loaded so it can be knocked offAny movement of the sensor registers as breathing (i.e. rocking the baby)You'll still need a traditional baby monitor to hear the alarm if the baby is in another roomExpensiveAt first glance, it looks like there's more bad things about this monitor than good.  The positives are so good that they outweigh the negatives for us.  Unlike other movement monitors that require a flat surface under a mattress, this "baby beeper" works ANYWHERE.  It's ideal if you have twins sharing a crib or have a family bed since the other movement monitors won't work then.  It's also great if your baby sleeps in different locations (daycare/home, upstairs/downstairs, carseat, etc.).We've had a few false alarms when it fell off, and a couple of real alarms so I feel confident that it works.  It tooks us a little while to realize that you need to fold the top of the diaper over and then slide the monitor on.  It's also important that any movement to the monitor registers as baby movement.  We've knocked the monitor off while rocking the baby and it didn't go off until after we put the baby down to sleep.The "tummy tickle" buzzer goes off after 15sec of no movement.  It's nearly identical to a pager/beeper/phone vibration.  It's never woken either of our boys up, but it does slightly startle them into moving (and I assume breathing).  The buzz did wake me up, though, when the boys were sleeping in the same room as me.  If another 5sec goes by with still no movement, the alarm goes off.  I know another reviewer said the alarm was really loud, but that hasn't been my experience.  The first time it went off, I thought it was my baby's nose whistling.  It's a semi-soft, really high pitched beep.  It's NOT the beep you hear when you first turn it on.  I would recommend that you test out the alarm ahead of time just so you know what sounds like.  The alarm has never woken either baby.This movement sensor is made in South Africa, so the directions are universal pictoral.  I can understand doing that so you can sell them anywhere, but I had a tough time figuring out what they were trying to tell me.  The bottom line is you press and hold the on button to turn it on.  It'll go through a start-up sequence where all of the lights blink, it buzzes, then beeps.  At that point you'll want to attach it to your baby's diaper.  Once it's on your baby, it senses whether your baby is awake (yellow light with 3 dots near it) or asleep (green light with red circles around it).  Which ever light applies will blink.  For us, we can see the light blink through both their sleeper and sleep sack when they're in a dark room.If at any point the sensor has to buzz your baby, the yellow/green light will stop blinking and the red light (with a ! near it) will start blinking.  That way you'll know if it detected non-movement at anytime during the night.  To reset it, just turn it off then back on.All in all, I would buy this monitor again.  The price wasn't too different from other movement monitors and it gives me the peace of mind that the boys are doing well.  I would also recommend this monitor to a friend.