I absolutely adore this brands divided plates so I knew I would love their cups! I absolutely love the no spill cups! They are wonderful especially for their price point! I love how simple and durable they are! They are really easy to maintain and clean and most importantly they truly are spill proof! No more tons of parts to wash- and you can clearly see all the nook and crannies to really clean the sippy well- meaning no mold ever creeping up on you! I really enjoy their beautiful variety of colors and I love the fact that you can make them even more fun by by mixing and matching them up. The only thing I would suggest is for the valve to have a little faster flow as it is a little too slow for my 2 yr old. I have done all the tricks and the flow is still too slow, perhaps replay can create a separate valve for the faster drinking toddlers- that would really be an ideal solution. Nevertheless, the quality is superb and I definitely recommend this product!  I cant wait to try out more of their products as I know they surely will not disappoint!- Also I love the fact that they are made of recycled milk jugs how clever and thoughtful is that?! Gotta love this company!*** UPDATE ***DIY---- I've decided to take the matters into my own hands and create the ULTIMATE what is now beyond a perfect sippy cup! Since the only thing I was concerned with as far as this product goes was the flow for my daughter - I did read that some reviewers cut the valve across the slit that was already there- well I did that too, and honestly not much has changed for us..... so what I decided to do was do more and more slits and some more slits- and guess what--- now the flow is PERFECT!!!!!!! and what is even better its still completely SPILL proof!!! I was amazed because I thought for sure I was going to get some leakage -- but none! So now, I love love love this cup!!!! Wish the company would really do separate valves for faster flows- give the customer a choice to pick a flow- but if not, not biggy because all it took was a minute for me to fix the issue myself.