These are excellent lightweight screens that offer good visibility when driving (I've even used mine on the driver's window when I've had a lot of glare from the side without any problems using the mirror or looking back).  Although they do reduce the heat from the sun enough to keep a passenger comfortable, they are not designed to keep a parked car cool - you'll need a different product for that.There's a lot of discussion about the suction cups in the reviews - enough so that I almost didn't buy these.  I'm glad that I went ahead and bought them because THE SUCTION CUPS ARE JUST FINE:  they ARE lightweight - but then only have to hold up a couple of ounces and they do that quite well; they ARE extremely flexible - but this is a GOOD thing as it enables you to get a better seal when you put them on and makes them easier to remove when you take them off.You do, however, have to do as others have suggested and heat them up in hot water to eliminate any creases that may have appeared during shipping and storage before using them for the first time.  Here's what I did:Heat a cup of water until it's VERY hot.  I just put a coffee cup of hot water in the microwave for a minute and it was fine.  The water doesn't have to be boiling but it won't hurt the suction cups if it is.Put the suction cups in the water for a minute or so.  Again, it doesn't hurt to leave them longer but you need to make sure that you leave them in long enough for them to get warm all the way through.Take them out and press them firmly onto a flat surface.  Make sure that the cups are completely flattened and don't have any creases in them.  Leave them like this until they cool completely.Put the suction cups on the screens and they will hold very well.  Mine have been up in my car for four days now and are still firmly attached.Caveat:  some people have mentioned the suction cups don't hold when it's cold.  I live in Texas so I don't have much opportunity to test that but I believe it's likely to be true:  if the suction cups are cold and stiff, they won't flex enough to seal completely.  My guess is that if you held them in front of a heater vent for a minute or two or even just held them in your hands long enough to warm them up, they'd hold.  Or at least they'd hold as long as the window isn't really cold.  At any rate, once the car interior warms up, they should be fine.