We became first-time parents a couple of years ago, and one of the most helpful pieces of advice offered by our already-parents friends was to not get caught up in the idea that we need to buy a lot of baby gadgets. Especially in the first year(s), the baby mostly needs attentive parents ready to play, feed, and change diapers. We still believe that--but we also think there are a *few* gadgets that make sense to buy, and this is one of them. Really, we can't imagine our nursery without it. (And we don't have to imagine it, actually, because we were without one for a few days when the first broke--more on that later. But let's just say, we missed it a lot.)I'm guessing that the Diaper Genie has evolved throughout the years. Our friends who are older parents, for the most part, didn't have great things to say about the Diaper Genie, or products like it. I guess they were more complicated then, because most said that they just gave up and used it as a regular trashcan.They seems quite easy to use now, though. The trick, we learned, is to change the bags pretty regularly. If it starts to stink--it's overfilled. If it's hard to get the diapers to drop into the pail--it's overfilled. If you have to really push the diaper down to get it past the catch--it's overfilled. Basically, any time if wasn't working right, it was overfilled.I broke the first one about 18 months in. It was late, I was tired, and I used too much force trying to get one more diaper in. That caused one of the springs to give, and that made only half of the catch close after each diaper dropped. We tried to live with it for awhile, but it became more frustrating than helpful, so we replaced it, and we're glad we did.We've recommended the Diaper Genie to all of our new-parent friends, and we've heard good reports from them, too.Oh--and the carbon filter feature on the newer models? I don't know. We haven't noticed much of a difference. I guess it makes sense that it might help some with odors, but if you change the bags frequently, odor's really not much of a problem, anyway.