My wife and I are the proud parents of an 8-month old little boy and have been successfully making our own baby food since slowly introducing solids at around the 5-6 month mark. The Infantino Squeeze Station came highly recommended from a friend who specializes in early childhood development. We also attended a baby food making class (free at a local grocery store) where again the Infantino was recommended and actually used during the class. We were impressed enough with the product to order our own immediately.--------------------SETUP:There is not a lot to the Squeeze Station, in fact after using the device it quickly became a, "why didn't I think of that" type of scenario. The entire station is made from a nice durable plastic; the top and bottom are coated in a rubber-type material that makes it easier to grip and less likely to slip on counter-tops and tables. There are four major components; the squeeze station stand, the plastic screw-on cylinders, the push plunger, and the food pouches.The entire system is pretty straight forward and extremely easy to setup and start filling pouches with food that you make right in your kitchen!--------------------USE:Having made use of the Squeeze Station for several months here are some general tips and guidelines:• Make sure to properly and thoroughly puree whatever food your making. I cannot stress this point enough as it will save you frustration and potentially a large mess in you kitchen/prep area. The opening between the plastic screw on cylinder and the food pouch is very small to guard against large food chunks passing into the food pouch. This serves to help ensure your baby won't be introduced to large pieces of food that could pose a choking hazard.• Certain foods are harder to process than others and thus end up clogging the food cylinder. Sweet potatoes (one of my son's favorites) requires a lot of steaming and then pureeing to ensure the correct consistency. Others are super simple, particularly apples, pears, banana and other soft fruits and vegetables.• We've found that peeling fruits & vegetables is a must before attempting to puree and using the Squeeze Station.• The plastic cylinders have a fill line, be conscious of that or you may overfill the food pouch only to have the food ooze back out once disconnected from the squeeze station.• The plunger forms a very tight fit inside the cylinder and after squeezing the food in the pouch be sure to unscrew the cylinder before removing the plunger. The vacuum seal will pull food right back out of the pouch if you attempt to remove the plunger first.• Despite your best efforts you're likely to make a mess when using this product. It's to be expected and part of the process and fun of making your own baby food. The entire system is extremely easy to clean so that's a huge bonus.• Have several large bowls on hand - we have one bowl to catch the food peeling, another to hold food that's prepped and going in our steamer, another few bowls to pour food into after pureeing.• The pouches have an area on the front for writing the contents and date. We generally freeze anywhere from 20-30 pouches of food at one time and write the expiration date rather than the prepared date. We generally make the expiration date 3-months out from the preparation date, less for proteins. The pouches are marker or Sharpie friendly but should be completely dry before attempting to write on them!• Defrosting is very easy, we use a large coffee mug with warm water and place the food pouch in the mug. Defrosting varies by the food but generally ready to eat in about 15-minutes.• The squeeze station only comes with 10 pouches and caps in the box. Be sure to pick up an extra box of pouches and caps. It's handy to have a lot of these on hand when making a large amount of food as pouches tend to fill quickly!We have successfully made a large variety of foods for our little boy using the Squeeze Station including: sweet potatos, peas, apples, pears, banana, avocado, plums, butternut and acorn squash. We've even started introducing some proteins including pureed chicken with herbs like parsley.--------------------WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THE SQUEEZE STATION:(+) I like knowing exactly what my son is eating. I've never been comfortable with store bought baby foods and have avoided them entirely for my son.(+) The entire system is easy to clean and is dishwasher safe.(+) The system is inexpensive and the pouches while not reusable are recyclable.(+) Extremely easy to store and transport the food pouches for when you're on the go.(+) Squeeze the food directly from the pouch to a spoon thus making less of a mess at feeding time.(+) My son absolutely loves the food we make him. Combining different foods from pouches is also a hit, e.g. sweet potato and chicken.--------------------WHAT I DISLIKE ABOUT THE SQUEEZE STATION:(-) Can be frustrating at times when a food chunk becomes stuck in the cylinder several times and after repeated pureeing.(-) You will make a mess in your prep area.--------------------CONCLUSION:If you're looking at making your own baby food this is an easy recommendation. The entire system is inexpensive and very easy to use and clean. If the pouches seem expensive be sure to shop around. Many local retailers such as BuyBuy Baby and Baby's R Us carry this line of products and coupled with coupons/sales you can easily find great deals!