I looked at so many playards for my little one. I almost bought one of the plastic playards with toys and music until my husband noticed in the photos that there were places that could act as little footholds for a curious climbing baby. And I also read reviews to that effect--that their little one were able to climb over their playpens. With that in mind, this is the only playard I found that was truly baby proof. They also make this same playard in metal for a little cheaper. We went for the wood because we thought it would be more forgiving should our daughter fall into it while playing. Here are the pros and cons:Pros:1.STURDY2. very well-made and nice smooth wood. very much like her crib.3. it is extra tall so when she is standing she has to reach over her head to touch the top railing which is wonderful! most playards and her crib included--she is a head taller than the top which always worries me that she is going to climb over the top4. VERTICAL BARS -- theres no place for her to get a foothold to climb out5. You do not have to put it in a circle formation--you can attach it to walls. You can also get 2 panel extenders for $50.6. Arrives assembled7. You can take panels off if you need to shorten itCons1. Gate is cumbersome but not terribly--def not a deterrent from buying.2. If you plan to do the circle formation, you many need to buy the extenders because otherwise it could be a little small--maybe  not much bigger than a pack n playAll in all, this was worth every penny. Definitely spend a little more and get something that will last and keep baby safe. The fact that it's extra tall, sturdy, and that my daughter is unable to get out or hurt herself on this playard is well worth it. Just like with cribs, children have been seriously injured with faulty playards so finding a good one is important.UPDATE:My child is turning out to be quite the climber--but cannot get over this gate so the extra height and vertical bars are a great feature and I'm so glad to have chosen this product.  Also, the cumbersome gate is also great because my little one cannot figure out how to get it open--so what I thought was a con is actually a pro!