When my Sony Baby Call monitor started buzzing frequently and randomly shutting off I started shopping for a new monitor. I spotted the Motorola MBP20 and have been using it for about a week.PROS:Design - Nice visual design.Size - About the size of an iPhone, small and convenient.Weight - Light and easy to carry.Carrying Convenience - The belt clip can be rotated to function as a kick stand and is also removable.Screen - Small but gives a clear and crisp image, can be turned on or off so it doesn't glare brightly at night. The audio still works even when the video is off.Menu - Easy to navigate and change settings.Sound - The sound is clear and there is no static. I like that it is encrypted and secure.Battery - I use the monitor for about 7 hours total during the day and the battery is only drained about half way. I don't leave the video display on though. (Tip: On the battery itself is the suggestion to charge the battery at least 16 hours before using.)Price - I got this for 80. I consider that a great value.CONS:Night Vision - Image is ok, details are lost the farther you put the camera from the target area. I have two kids that share a room and I initially wanted to try to get a view of the whole room. The image is easy to see in the day but the night vision infrared bulbs only reach so far. As a result I had to put the camera closer to just one crib.Volume - The highest volume is about the same as noises in real life. I list this as a con because my old monitor's volume goes much higher. It was easier to wake up to at night.Voice Activation - This monitor has a feature that turns on the microphone when a certain noise level is reached. When the noise level is below that threshold the mic is off. There is no way to turn this feature off or adjust the sensitivity. I noticed the closer the camera is to the baby the higher the sensitivity and the more noises will come through on the monitor. (Tip: if you push the video on/off button you can activate the microphone and listen in on the kids.)Visual Sound Alert - My old monitor had lights that would flicker on when the monitor detected sound and the louder the sound the more lights would come on. This monitor does not have that feature and I regret that. It does however have an alert you can activate that will sound when the monitor is muted and detects noise.BOTTOM LINE:I would recommend this monitor. I mainly use it to hear when my 6 month old wakes at night and when she and my 2 year old son wake in the morning. It does the job for me and it's fun to see my baby on the video.