Wow!  We've only had this swing for one day but I can't say enough great things about it!  Our 6 week old has decided that she wants to sleep all night and not take a nap during the day!  Most people would be ecstatic that their newborn is sleeping through the night but with a two year old running around it is not that great since she wants to nurse all day while she is awake and I can't spend anytime with him one on one. This swing is already a life saver!!!  She took 3 naps in it yesterday! I am a person that always does my research and reads several reviews before purchasing anything. I had recently ordered another brand of swing that was a 3 in 1 swing.  It seemed like a great concept until we received it and it was broken. Amazons customer service was great (the manufacturer was no help!) and sent another one to fix the problem however it had the same issue and seemed to be a manufacturer defect.  We ended up returning that one and I set out to find another swing!Here are the things I love about this swing!-It truly does simulate a nursery glider!-There are many options for speed, sounds & vibration!  It has 7 speeds and the nature sounds are great!  I haven't tried the music yet but have read mixed reviews on it. It also has two vibrating speeds (which does require 1 D battery) but could easily replace a separate bouncer!- The swing itself takes up much less room than a typical sway swing but still sits up higher.-It plugs in!  You still have the option to use batteries if you want but it does plug in!  The bouncer does require 1 D battery but the gliding motion and sounds work with the plug!- It seems very sturdy and well made!  My two year old won't be able to tip it over or try and get her out very easily!-The seat is roomy and seems to sit a little deeper than a typical bouncer.-It offers 3 different recline positions!  We have it all the way down since we are currently using it for baby to nap but it will be a nice feature as she gets bigger!The only thing I am not impressed with is the toy bar but since she falls asleep almost instantly in it it's definitely not a deal breaker because she's not playing with it anyway!  This may change as she gets bigger and wants to play!  I may see if I can attach more interesting toys to it!Others have commented that it quit gliding and I will edit this review if that happens but so far so good!This is a great swing for the price and offers a lot of features in a more compact footprint than any other swing I have found.