The 4 Rider by Mutsy comes with a bassinet, toddler seat, and silver chassis (the wheel part).  The chassis is available with either foam wheels (the 4 Rider Light) in single or multiple spokes (I much prefer the ride of multiple spokes); small air filled tires (bit heavier); or with 4 huge air filled tires (4 Rider Urban).  The bassinet and toddler seat on all models is the same.We have had this stroller for 5 months now and brought my baby home from the hospital in the bassinet.  At first I wasn't sure if I needed a "full feature" stroller or just a smaller umbrella type but having the bassinet was great!  It easily detaches from the stroller and can be carried with a strap throughout the house or in a taxi or bus.  The wheel part collapses very easily and pretty compactly (fit with no problem in our trunk with plenty of room to spare).  My baby slept in the bassinet for hours and it was wonderful to be able to see her face which was a feature that I wanted and is not available with the umbrella strollers.When she was 4 months, we used the Graco carseat for a little while which was very useful but not my child's favorite way to travel.  The Mutsy can take either a Graco or Maxi Cosi with an adaptor (sold separately).We have now moved onto the toddler seat.  In 2008, Mutsy began selling the strollers with only the toddler seat for around $500 - so you can save $200 by not buying the 3-piece system with bassinet if your child is older.  The toddler seat can recline absolutely flat and can face either direction so can be used from birth (however the European manual states the baby should be 6 months old...strange). It is not a bucket like the Bugaboo - when reclined completely, the child is flat, not in a "V" form as with the Bugaboo or Quinny.  It has a huge good with viewing window, detachable bumper bar, 5 piece harness and adjustable foot rest.  The fabric is fantastic - plush but easily cleaned.  I have the stroller in red and the lining of the hood is a very silky light grey cotton.In addition to the stroller, I did buy the carseat adaptor, footmuff (there are many other brands out there but as a first time mum, I wanted everything matchy matchy), dinner tray and rain shield (not sure if I like the rain shield - it's a very stiff plastic - a pain to fold up).Overall, I am thrilled with the stroller.  I spent about 39.5 weeks of my pregnancy researching all the brands and debating on going with a bassinet or Snap n Go (NOT safe for a newborn in my opinion) and got everything I wanted with this one.  Most people who shop for a full-featured European stroller go for the Bugaboo however I feel that this stroller has it beat in 3 ways:  Collapses flat with the seat attached which makes it great for subways or taxis, the bassinet is much higher than on the Bugaboo (about 12-18" higher), and the toddler seat and bassinet are two separate items which means you can either buy the stroller with our without the bassinet or sell it later when your child outgrows it.  Another small point is that the toddler seat reclines flat and not in a bucket or fixed "V" form.