This is my first Amazon review! I have had this soap dispenser for four months. I wanted to review this because I have a helpful hint about the insanely loud song. I put two layers of duct tape over the speaker (I do this with all loud toys) which is in the giraffe's neck. I used white tape so it looks like a part of it but you can't really see it easily anyway. It is still a little loud but that works out well because I can hear if my children try to rinse a little early. ;-)  - Prior to this I had a big problem with my children (3, 5, & 8) using too much soap or rinsing too quickly. So much less nagging, at least about handwashing anyway... - The fact that it is a giraffe helps too because we've given him a little personality. He gets angry if they try to take extra soap and we don't want to make him angry. ;-) - I use lotion soap and think it is the perfect amount dispensed accurately each time. I did put oatmeal soap in it and it got a little laggy and gunky so I cleaned that out (following the instructions and using the "clean" button) and went back to lotion. - Twice I had a little user created poblem. Once I accidentally got a little too ambitious cleaning the bathroom and rinsed Mr. Giraffe (you could actually see water droplets in the sensor on his belly). This caused him to throw up (dispense soap) repeatedly. Quite amusing to my children. I opened up his battery compartment, took the batteries out and dried him out for a day. Thankfully he recovered. Then he had another accident I thought would be fatal, I dropped him in the tub and he got really wet. Again I opened him up and he dried out and recovered. Just in case that one was fatal I ordered another from Amazon.  To my delight, that one works perfectly as well. I use it in the kitchen, no more gunky hands on the soap dispenser. :-) - I almost gave 4 stars b/c of customer service. (But decided not to because I love it and it is awesome!) My first one didn't come with a drip tray and I emailed cs 3 months ago asking if they could send me one. I also recommended that they consider lowering the volume on future models. I am still waiting to hear back... Irritating. - As far as the sensor problem people seem to have: the sensor is that oval you see on the giaffe's tummy (not sure why someone needed to rub his head, maybe they weren't putting their hand low enough and when their hand rubbed it went lower?) We have no issues, it always works for us and our guests. The only time I see it go off due to a lighting change is in my kitchen if I am moving it and it angled toward the sunny window behind it. Maybe some of them are duds? - I almost didn't buy this because of the negative reviews but I'm so glad I did! I love love love it! Cute catchy little song makes children behave while hand washing! Magical Joy!