We had tried some different sippy cups but our 15 month old was having some trouble getting the hang of it. He still preferred the bottle and did not want to hold or tip the sippy up to get the liquid to flow to his mouth. After searching online, I came across the B.box and Zoli brand sippys. My big concern was teaching my child to drink from a straw. Well, as soon as he saw it, he grabbed it and started drinking from it immediately! The straw is a win-win because he likes the sucking action and he doesn't have to tilt the B.box or Zoli cup up to get the liquid to flow to his mouth. The straw is soft and flexible so I don't worry about him poking himself in the eye or falling with it and jabbing the straw into this mouth. He can drink from any angle and the straw gravitates to the remaining liquid so he gets every last drop. Also, drinking from a straw is said to be better for the development of the child's mouth, especially as it relates to speech. The two brands are very similar and we like both equally well. I really liked that both brands said they were BPA and phalate free.I saw a few reviewers mention that leaks were a problem. We have noticed that this happens if we take a full sippy from the fridge and it sits at room temperature for several minutes before our child takes a drink. It seems that as the liquid warms it pushes up through the straw. Oddly, filling the sippy at room temperature with cold milk does not do this. Also, if he drinks right away, this does not happen. Only when taking a full sippy from the fridge. I consider this a non-issue for us. The other sippys we tried leaked in some manner. I just make sure to set it on something absorbent, like a burp cloth, if he doesn't drink right away and I intend to leave it sitting out for him. It doesn't leak when turned at different angles or if he tosses it around. We wash it by hand and do not put it in the dishwasher or sterilizer.Overall, we are very pleased with both the B.box and the Zoli and highly recommend them to anyone else.