I read the one star reviews and I'm going to give my take on them.- it takes too long.4 mins for 4oz. The vials of water needed are prepped in adv.  If you do this it saves time. 4mins vs warming water on the stove and waiting for it. Takes long?!  Also know your baby's hunger cues. Intercept with a bottle before it GETS to screaming and you won't have that problem.- You need to unplug it to stop it.It stops on its own. It will stop when the water you added is gone. If you add the CORRECT Amt of water this is no issue. It comes with directions. Use it. I have never had formula too hot. Not once. As your baby grows you will need more water for larger bottles. This is obvious.- the cooler isn't electric.Did you expect it to be for 20 dollars?!  The ice pack it comes wihj works perfectly.- doesn't work with Dr Browns.I won't fully dispute this one, but I personally have had no issues with Dr Browns. It comes with a ring you need to add on for slim bottles vs wide bottles. I use the ring and take the cap off the bottle and don't have a problem. Maybe because I remove the nipple?-too complicated.It's really not. Add correct Amt of water in directions. Press button down. Wait till light shuts off. Done. Not complicated.I've had this warmer for 3 weeks and it's been lifesaving. I take it up to bed with me and my baby at night for my dresser and I'm no longer 4am step running. Only upkeep is cleaning mineral deposits from the unit and basket which involves rinsing wihj hot water and a paper towel. Takes a few mins a few times a week, and remembering to refreeze the ice block.It would be nice if it came with TWO ice blocks. That's my only complaint.Otherwise this is a great warmer for 20 bucks.UPDATE:ABOUT TOMMEE TIPPEE BOTTLES!We recently purchased tommee tippee bottles for my son. We added the water we were told to via directions. 4. I heated the bottle and it felt REALLY hot. When I tested it it BURNED me. If I wouldn't have tested it my son would have been badly burned.We realized this is due to how wide they are. Wider than usual wide bottles. There is NO gap to allow the steam to escape so the bottle heats up more than the usual bottle. ESP if you leave it in the unit a while after it heats up. It just continues to heat.Also they do NOT fit in the cooler. Not even one. The cooler is useless with these bottles they are just too wide. We hardly ever use it but if you plan on using it a lot you might want another warmer If you're a tommee tippee user.It can still be used with some precautions.- our formula Amt says to add water to 4. We now add to 3.- after the unit shuts off remove the bottle immediately.Basically you have to experiment to find the proper water level. It will differ depending on how much your feeding is at the time.Just wanted to add this because my baby could have been hurt.