My son is currently 1 year and a month.  I bought this about six weeks ago because I was frustrated with having to wrestle my son into letting me clean his nose out when he had a cold.  Now I use this almost every night before bed whether he has had a runny nose or not.  My husband even makes fun of me for how excited I am to use it.  It really cleans his nose even when it seems there isn't much in there.  Some nights I haven't gotten around to cleaning the collector part so I won't use it.  The next day I can almost always tell a difference.  I won't go into the details.  When my son gets his hands on the electronic aspirator he will put it up to his nose himself.  He understands what it is for and will let me use it on him with little fuss.  You really do have to clean it after every use because it will get clogged.  There are four parts to clean.  These parts disconnect from the electrical handle so they can be cleaned easily.  I use a nipple brush to clean the part that goes in the nose and the white part that shoots stuff into the clear cup.  The cup, which is the collector can be cleaned with a cloth.  The fourth part is the white ring that sits between the white part and the collector cup.  If it is not in place the aspirator will not work properly.  You can tell it is in place by the way the cup screws on to the white part.  It will feel stiffer than when the white ring is not there.  Bebesounds includes two different options for the part that goes into the nose.  There is a short and stubby option and a long and thin option.  I generally use the stubby one.  I have tried to use the long and thin one but it doesn't seem to collect as well.  The only trouble I have had with this machine, which is really minor, is that sometimes I have difficulty getting the collector (all 4 four) parts to fit snuggly with the electronic part.  This has not seemed to affect the performance and if I try to push the collector on at a certain angle it will go on snuggly.  If this contraption breaks tomorrow I will still feel like I have had my moneys worth.  I plan on buying this for my next baby shower gift.