This is the 3rd seat I purchased for my baby, and it is the one I am keeping.  The Chicco version from Target was dangerous; my baby was able to escape while strapped in (f I tightened the straps to allow her to be immobile, she was so far from the table she couldn't reach)!Because I had free returns, I purchased both the Phil & Ted Lobster (P&T) and the Mountain Buggy Pod (MB) one to compare at home.  Following are some specifications I hope this review helps someone else wondering the difference:Compact: MB and P&T have the exact same dimensions when folded and when extended.  I literally couldn't find a difference.  They are obviously made at the same manufacturer, as the P&T box has the "Mountain Buggy" name on it.  Both come with similar black carrying case.Total weight: MB: 2.2 pounds  P&T: 4 poundsOpens to accommodate depth of table  MB: 2" P&T:  4"Width between arms when installed  MB: 11"  P&T 12.5"Grip material: MB has rubber on top; rubber under  P&T has rubber grips on both above and under piecesSeat fabric: MB and P&T are made of the same fabricSeat cleanability MB: easy to wipe down  P&T in addition to the easy to clean fabric, also has some mesh fabric at the back of the seat.  I felt that over time this mesh would catch food and be more difficult to clean.Seat removability:  MB:  removeable  P&T: not removeableHarness: MB: 2 point harness  P&T: 4 point harness  (There is no way my baby can get herself out of the MB seat unless a chair were under her to push off of)Tray: MB includes no tray (see my note below about which are compatable); P&T includes a tray that I couldn't get to fit with the chair.Ultimately I didn't feel the P&T Lobster was worth the extra $30.  It is slightly heavier, but I couldn't tell that it was any more stable.  I didn't want to deal with cleaning out the mesh fabric (see above).  The only reason I would prefer the P&T Lobster is if my table were more than 2" thick.To use with the MB Pod, I purchased the GudeHome Portable Placemat with Sucker Dining Mat andLONGDA - Mini Silicone Baby Feeding Placemat, and it fits perfectly between the arms of the Pod.We will be using this Pod regularly at home, because I prefer baby to be at the table with the rest of the family rather than secluded in a big bulky high chair in the corner.  Now that we have it, I can see traveling with it, easily!  Good luck!