Let me preface this by saying, there are absolutely cheaper ways to do this.  If you're on your third kid and they're crammed into a room with bunk beds and you're not even really sure where the baby's "area" is anymore --- by all means, buy a bucket and a roll of doggy poo bags and you've got the same system.  But if you're on your first kid and your nursery is at least somewhat pinterest-worthy and you don't like the lingering stench of sewage in your perfect nursery, you should definitely look into this.Anyone who has done any childcare knows that those diaper genies or any diaper pail system are cisterns of death -- no matter how well they say they block odors.  When you open one to toss a diaper in, the smell hits you so hard that you want to bleach your nostrils.  The Diaper One N Done system gets around that basically by using the doggie poo system.  When you walk your dog, you pick up the dog poop in a bag, tie it off, and dump it in the garbage.  (If you're a responsible dog owner, that is.  Don't get me started on people that don't pick up their dog's droppings.) This works the same way.  The pail is set up with a roll of bags that come up through a hole in the bottom.  After each diaper, you drop the diaper, wipes, etc, in the bag and then tie it off, pull up a new bag, and at some point, place the bag full o'poo in the trash bin -- leaving nothing to sit and rot for days at a time.Did I always remember to bring her diapers straight out to the trash?  Nope.  Did I use a new bag every time?  Nope.  Especially if it was a pee diaper.  Sometimes we'd fit four or five pee diapers in before we tied it off and dumped the bag.  Is it eco-friendly?  Nope.  And as a liberal Los Angeles, granola and yoga mama, I have some trouble with that -- but sometimes we do what we gotta do to survive.I bought this in 2014.  My daughter is three now and has been potty-trained for months.  As I was going through her old baby things, deciding what to keep and throw for a possible kiddo #2, I came across this and it was a definite keep.  I'd like to think I'm going to figure out cloth diapering and won't need it for #2, but who are we kidding?