Recently took this on a 2 week trip to Vancouver, BC from Baltimore, MD.  During the trip the Pliko found itself gate checked on the plane, tucked in the corners of buses, trains, restaurants, and easily in the trunk of our rental car. We chose the Pliko primarily because of its super quick and easy foldablity...AND IT STANDS!!!  It was always fun to close it and open it and hear other people comment on that compactness of it.  We even surprised a few people at the restaurants when they tried  to clear out some space for the Pliko only to find that we could stand it right up next to our table. It took us a while to find a travel stroller and we're so happy that we went with the Pliko. We had the Maclaren Quest for a few days but returned it as soon as we took the Pliko for a spin.  Really, the quick and compact fold comes in really handy when you're traveling.Of course there negatives which I'll detail:- Due to the nature of the construction there are a bit more rattles (compared to the Maclaren Quest) especially since you have to do a little bit of assembly with the wheels.  I did find that the front wheels did make A LOT of noise as others have mentioned, but I found a fix and will detail it at the end.  This significantly reduced the overall noises. There were still a few rattles but those were bearable and practically forgettable.- When standing the Pliko a little tip of the fabric comes in contact with the ground.  Not a problem when in the house, but when out in the street, or public transportation, or if the ground is wet it can be gross.  THE FIX: Once folded just pull the tip of the fabric outwards so that it doesn't touch the ground.  You'll see what I mean once you close it.- Reclining can be tricky.  When your child is not in the stroller it reclines easily, but once the weight of your child is in there it becomes difficult to recline. WHAT I DID: I just slightly push the backrest forward and work the right reclining handle then work the left reclining handle.  I soon found that I could use my head (I'm short) to nudge the seat forward and use the right and left reclining levers at the same time.  It sounds like a lot, but it's quite easy in actual practice.So those are the negatives that I came across, but the positives (ease of use with one hand, great maneuverability, built-in suspension, and quick fold and unfold) outweighed the minor quirks with the Pliko.FIX FOR THE FRONT WHEEL RATTLE: When you assemble the Pliko you will notice two big washers already attached to the base of the stroller where you attach the wheels. This is where the majority of the rattling is coming from.  There is also rattling coming from the small washers that are on the wheels.  Use a thick grease like marine grease, or lithium grease. I used brake caliper lube.  It's $0.99 and can be found on the counter of any automotive store (i.e. Kragen, Advance Auto, Napa Auto Parts, etc). I only needed one packet. It needs to be thick for two reasons: so that it doesn't shed and so that it fills in the space to limit the movement (rattling) of the washers.  Take off the big washers attached to wheel base.  Put a thick coating of lube on both sides of the washers. Reattach washer to wheel base and you notice that the washer just sticks instead of floating and moving.  That's OK if it sticks.  It'll still be able to move around because of the lube. Then use a toothpick or something very small and thin (like the size of a toothpick) and smear the lube on the smaller washers on the wheels.  I turned the wheels while applying so that the lube would fill in the spaces. Reattach everything.  Next push the stroller around, left/right, front/back.  Wipe off the excess that you see from the big washers.  I left a little excess on the small washers. That's it.  You've significantly quieted down your Pliko!Note: I was concerned that the exposed lube on the smaller washers would attract dirt making it more noisy. I pushed the stroller through limestone paths, packed mulch paths, packed dirt paths, and gravel paths. It did pick up some dirt and whatnot BUT there's no increase in noise!!! I suppose that if enough dirt collects I can always wipe it off and re-lube, but really there's no change and don't see myself ever having to clean and re-lube.  Hope that helps.