I was looking for a reasonably priced and padded cart cover that I could keep in the trunk of my car for running errands.  I have no intention of using it in restaurant high chairs because I already have a clamp on high chair (an Inglesina fast chair) that I love. I really like this cart cover, and here is why:1)  It isn't too high end.  I looked at other covers that cost up to $65, and I thought I would actually feel BAD when I had to strap them on a dirty grocery cart and potentially snag the fabric.  I like this cover, but I won't think twice about putting some miles on it.2)  It seems to have good coverage and a reasonable amount of padding.  I think my little one is comfortable and protected - particularly from the pointy edges on metal carts.3)  The Numbers pattern is adorable.  The colors seem slightly less vivid in person than they were on my computer screen, but I'm not disappointed.  People with boys who are pink sensitive should take note that some of the numbers are pink.  (I personally think that it still looks gender neutral, but I'm not as sensitive about pink as some.)  One thing that does not show in the photo is that the underside and the belt are brown.  (It matches the brown numbers on the front.)  It should hide any dirt it could accumulate from a cart/high chair itself.4)  When I pulled it out of the packaging and held it up it was obvious how to attach it to a cart or high chair.  It's quick and easy to use. . .  But I appreciate another reviewer's suggestion to park next to a cart return!  I can leave my baby in the car seat and have my hands free to put it on.The downside:  It's true that the white of the pattern will likely become stained if you use it for feeding.  Since we don't intend to use it in high chairs, that didn't matter to us.  But for anyone who is curious: the fabric blend is 65% polyester and 35% cotton.  It shouldn't be a stain magnet like other fabrics with more cotton in the blend. . . but I suspect you will get a few stains.I hope this helps!