4+ stars.  Excellent safety protection for outlets.  These covers work with both single screw and double screw (decora) outlets, which is nice.  The cover measures 4 ½" x 2 ¾".  The covers slide shut (spring back) when there is no plug in them, keeping baby safe.I decided on this general type of design (in contrast to the plastic plug inserts) because it is:1. Harder for a baby to figure out / have the strength to defeat the safety feature2. Plastic plugs seemed either too easy to pull out (not safe for baby - outlet exposed and plug goes in the baby `s mouth) or too hard (and a pain for adults to use)3. This solution is automatic - if the plug is removed the cover snaps shut.  This is contrasted with plastic plugs or the rotate type outlet covers where you have to remember to put the safety feature in/on after you use an outletThe downside of outlet covers are they are more expensive than the plastic plugs and aren't portable (it's still worth having the plastic plugs for travelling to relatives, etc.). Also, the do add another layer of plastic (this cover) on top of your outlet, so as some have mentioned heavier items may not hold as well.Installation is fairly easy (3 minutes an outlet).  A few installation tips (not that these are hard):1. The covers have three screw holes -  they are shipped with plastic plugs which you pop out (top and bottom for 2 hole outlets, middle for one hole) and then insert the screws.2. When you unscrew your current outlet cover (probably a rectangle with a hole in the center), you'll be left with the center portion of the outlet where your plug goes in.  This cover goes over that cover3. The screws supplied with the kit work but strip easily - be careful when screwing in.  Others have suggested using the screws from your old outlet, I found my old outlet screws to be a bit short. Minus a star (or half a star if I could) for cheap screws.4. Test the sliding parts to make sure they snap closed - if they don't, you may need to loosen the installation screws a bit.  Also try plugging something in and make sure it goes on - if the cover moves around a bit, tighten the screws a bit more.5. Keep the old outlet covers and throw them all in a sandwich bag for later should you choose to go back to normal covers when baby grows up.A final note - my outlets are the two screw type (top and bottom).  Some reviewers of a similar (same product?  the three pack?) have mentioned with center screw outlets that the cover "bows out" when the center screw is tightened.