Thank you for creating a mainstream product that will benefit many many children with special needs. I purchased this product for my 4 year old son. He has multiple disabilities including CVI (cortical visual impairment). CVI makes it difficult for him to process what he sees. He also sees things better when they are very close in his visual field. The seat fits him very well; he is 34 lbs and 37 inches long. We have only used the mirror so far and my son has responded greatly to the product.Pros: seat holds children up to 40 lbs; proximity of mirror/iPad to child; proximity of attached to toys to children with limited movement; COST; portability of seatCons: there are no actual cons to the seat, what is a con and is unfair are the number of bad reviews this product is receiving (most of which have no personal experience with the product). In its basic design the seat is no different than any other baby seat, toy, or activity mat. The seat comes with a built in mirror and toys. It is the consumers choice to place an tablet/iPad in the holder. Many products are not used properly and I do not support leaving any child to be "parented" by technology, toys, or products. However, Any person who would use this product to leave a child unattended or with no interaction would do that regardless if it was with this seat or any other baby product on the market.What Fisher-Price has done is provided a product that can be very beneficial to children with special needs. Many have suggested that it should then be marketed as such. What they fail to realize is that if that were the case the price, availability, and accessibility would not be so. Products geared specifically to special needs cost hundreds if not thousands of dollars. A product that can easily be ordered from Amazon with a moderate cost is a God-send to families.If you are the parent of a typically developing child and wish to purchase this it is your right. It is not my place to tell you what products to use or think will be good for your child.If you are the parent of a child with special needs I highly recommend this product. It is affordable and well made. It is great for use with the iPad using apps to aid vision, comminucation, etc.Thank you Fisher-Price and Amazon.