I spent a lot of time online researching this carrier before purchasing it for use with my newborn, as it had just come onto the market when I purchased it and I wanted to make sure it was worth it. All in all, it is the most supportive and comfortable carrier (for the parent) I have used. I have an Ergo, a Babyhawk Mei Tai, a Moby wrap, a ring sling, and a hotsling. I purchased this one because of the compelling, additional feature that it allows babies to face out, as in the Baby Bjorn (which kills your back and is not ergonomically fit for baby). We went for a long hike with my son when he was 7 months, and after using the front, side and back positions, he really wanted to just face out.First of all, I put this carrier on with my 33 month old while I was 38 weeks pregnant, and it was actually comfortable (granted, I would not have taken a hike, but it was as good as I can imagine, better than Ergo). I like that for toddler (it is rated up to 35 lbs), the back goes up higher than the Ergo (they can back-arch and threaten to fall out even as a baby in the Ergo). This one feels much more secure for a toddler. I have put my toddler on my back since having the baby, and it is still comfortable -- well, more so, as there is no big belly there! This would be my choice (out of the ones I have) if I needed to carry a toddler in a carrier for a hike or the airport or something.Second, I used this carrier with my newborn. To use the carrier for a newborn, you snap the bottom part in so that their feet can go through a smaller opening. The feet do hang down, like in the Bjorn (not like the Mei Tai or Ergo with infant insert, where legs are inside carrier in froggy position). My husband says he has trouble sitting down with the carrier on because baby's legs are uncomfortable. I haven't had this problem, though, they just sort of fold under the carrier when I sit. However, I could see how switching parent positions from sitting to standing might disturb him a bit more because of this feature. I have to say that even though it is rated to a minimum of 8 lbs, I put my approximately 10 newborn in there at about 2 weeks, and he seemed to curl out to the sides, and was too floppy in there. I did not feel safe with him in there, so I did not use it for a while. I tried again at about 5 weeks, when baby was 12 lbs, and it felt much more comfortable. He still seemed to curl out to the sides a bit, though. Also, his arms hang right over where the shoulder straps attach to the carrier, and it seemed like it could get uncomfortable for him (straps hit right under his armpit, so could maybe cut off circulation if he were in a certain position. However, I discovered that if I put a (relatively thick) blanket in there around him, folded so that it covered his back and went around the sides, he did not budge from the correct position, and the blanket kept his arms inside the carrier. I imagine this would work for a smaller baby as well, even though I didn't try it earlier. So, even though I think the carrier is not really well designed by itself for such a small baby, this is a quick and easy fix.Third, I have had two of my friends try it with their 7-8 month olds. The carrier also works well for that age. This is the age where they can face out, and are interesting in seeing and learning about the world around them. If they get overstimulated, you can just switch them to facing in again. The carrier looked comfortable for the babies. It was funny that only their eyes and nose made it over the top of the carrier, but I guess that was enough for them to see out.Some features:Positions for use: Front facing in, front facing out, back carry, side carryShoulder straps can be used backpack style, or crossed in the back if you are doing a front carry, which is more comfortableHas a sleeping "hood" (really just extra carrier) that snaps upBottom part snaps to smaller size for small babies and for front facing out positionVery comfortable, cushy shoulder straps and waist beltWaist belt expands longer than Ergo, so good for larger people without having to purchase extra strapSafety features on shoulder and waist strapsCarrier itself is very cushy and padded, comfortable for babyBody of carrier is thinner than the Ergo, and even the Babyhawk Mei TaiProsGreat for newborn up to 35 poundsVery comfortable for the adultHas option of facing in or out in front carryOverall, the versatility of this carrier make it a great investmentConsFor newborn, really requires use of blanket or something to keep baby well-positioned. This is not a huge con, but just something to be aware of, even though the manufacturer says you can use it as is, I didn't feel safe.There is no useful pocket on the front to carry things like cell phone, keysThe straps for the hood just kindof dangle down, but you can attach them together under the sleeping hood to keep them out of the waySleep hood probably doesn't go high enough for a toddler, though I haven't tried it.Sleep hood cannot really be used to cover up while nursing (like the Ergo can), because it doesn't go up very highThe safety mechanisms on the straps are really just a pain. It means you need two hands to open them (unless you are very coordinated -- I'm trying). As you know if you have a baby, you usually need one hand to support baby while you are taking the carrier off. While I know they are trying to be safer, this is not a feature I like.While I have a lot of cons listed, I write them so that you can keep them in mind and maybe the manufacturer will consider making these minor changes in future models. Overall, I really do love this carrier, and I think it will be my go to carrier once baby is about 4 months, and I like it better than the Ergo for most features. However, as a newborn, my go-to carrier is the Moby wrap to calm him, or the Mei Tai for quick hands-free shopping. I still use it at this age, but if I really need to calm him, I grab the Moby, and the Mei Tai is more transportable for shopping at this age. But, I know that once baby is a bit heavier, these options will no longer work, so I look forward to getting even more use out of the Gemini in the future.UPDATE at 4 months:CONSFirst, I have to second the opinion of the commenter that the sleeping flap is pretty awful! The strings dig right into baby's head! The design would have been much better with some sort of cloth strap instead.Second, the back strap (chest strap if in back carry) can come undone and is not very secure. It seems there is an option to remove it, so you can just slip it off entirely. Unfortunately, you can't close off that opening, so it is a bit dangerous. Plus, the clip is not that secure to begin with.Third, the waist strap is strangely too short on one side. For those of us who put on carrier while holding baby, this is problematic. I always have it on the max and would like to be able to loosen it more for putting carrier on, to then adjust once it's on.Still hate the extra secure button on the waist strap snap, but have been learned to do it one-handed.PROSStill very, very comfortable for the wearerLOVE that baby can face out (which he really loves at this age) and still be ergonomically comfortable/safeTHIS is now my and my husband's go to carrier for everything.UPDATE at 10 months:This is definitely my go-to carrier. It is much more comfortable than the Ergo, as baby gets heavier. Crossing straps in the back even make front carrying relatively comfortable (though not recommended for long periods of time). My husband and I both use this one all the time, and it is quick and easy to adjust. After 10 months, my complaints are still the following:1. The "chest" strap (strap connecting shoulder straps) comes off relatively frequently and this is a nuisance. There should be no opening in the plastic allowing that to happen.2. The two-handed safety for the waist strap is a nuisance -- you really need one hand for baby and one hand for the buckle! We solved this problem and disabled ours by carefully removing the part that buckles for the third (extra hand) release. I guess I would not recommend this as I am sure the manufacturer would not approve, but it is what it is.3. The sleeping panel connectors are still really a pain and basically not very usable. The string connecting to the top is hard on babies head, except if you pull it very tight, but baby pushing head back can loosen them so that they are long again and digging into head.4. It's kindof a pain that the waist buckle is so far to the right of the body. I really prefer a placement closer to the center because I often delicately remove carrier while holding sleeping baby and this makes it a bit tough if I am using my left hand. Not a huge issue, but would be nice if it were improved in next version.HOWEVER, I only mention these cons because you should be aware of them. We are VERY happy with this carrier. It is by far the most COMFORTABLE, VERSATILE carrier out there that I am aware of!