Ok, so yes, I stole Charlie Banana's little phrase they used on their cloth diapers.  I stumbled upon these nursing pads when I wanted to save money from buying disposable pads (I used Lansinoh Disposables with my first two babies).  For my third baby, I was a bit more environmentally (and budget) conscious.  But keep in mind this is the only brand of reusable breast pads I've ever tried.  If you use disposables, try these and you will never want to go back.I LOVE these pads.  They are soft, super absorbant, and have never leaked for me.  They even worked overnight (though they would be pretty saturated by morning the first few times baby slept through the night). I originally bought two boxes of 6 pair, giving me 12 pair, which is plenty with a now 5 month old, but in the earlier days, I wish I had more going through the laundry.  I would say 18 pair was good for me to only have to do a load of laundry twice a week.I am a small chested woman (usually an A cup when not pregnant or breastfeeding, but a B cup while breast feeding) and these give me plenty of coverage.  They are a little wrinkly sometimes under my bra cup, but my bra cup doesn't show the wrinkles through (it's a lightly padded cup) - if you wear a thin cup, the wrinkles may show - not sure.The quality/sewing seems good and they have held up to multiple times in the washer and dryer with very little wear showing.  I usually toss them in the wash with my baby diapers made by the same company (sorry if that's gross but everything comes out clean - promise!).  Be advised that regular laundry detergents may coat the fleece/cotton and make them resistant to absorption.  It is advised to use an eco-friendly detergent.  I like Nellie's Laundry Soda the best.Anyway, I will likely buy another box for baby #4 when the time comes.  :)Also, as a company - I can attest that customer service took care of an issue I was having with another product they make (not the breast pads, but some diapers).  Because they took care of me, I trust this company.UPDATE 5/20/14:So baby #4 has arrived and as promised, I'm back to buy a couple of more boxes to add to the ones from my previous baby - which are STILL holding up great!