Between our pool, our Cowabunga Bay passes and all of the splash pads around us my family practically lives in the water during the summer. I have two boys, the baby is 10 months and my oldest is 2 1/2 and mostly potty trained but will still have accidents when he is having to much fun or to distracted which typically happens at one of the above so a good Cloth Swim Diaper is a must! I have 1 iplay pull on, 2 AppleCheeks Size 2 with snaps and 2 Bummis Swimmi One Size with snaps. My 10 month old is super tall and chunky, he weighs about 23 lbs and has chubbier legs then his older brother who is tall, super skinny and only weighs about 27 lbs so they can currently wear the same size swim diapers.First off I want to start off by saying that I have read a lot of complaints about all of the above leaking and not holding in pee well they are not suppose to! Think about it, the second your child steps into a pool with a super absorbent disposable diaper it is automatically filled with pool water. Do you think that super filled diaper is holding any pee in? No it is not! If your lucky it will hold in what we all really want it to hold in.The iplay pull on is a pain in the butt! This one is my spare for if someone has already had an accident in one of the other ones. I only use this one if I absolutely have to. It does its job of keeping any accidents in the diaper but when you try to take it off to change your little one it causes a huge mess and gets all down there legs. There is no easy way to do it.The AppleCheeks Size 2 work really well. They are soft and easy to put on and take off. They keep everything in that they should and the snaps make for easy clean up. They are adjustable in the waist but not the legs which makes them perfect on my skinny legged 2 1/2 year old but really tight on my chubby legged 10 month old. I avoid putting them on my baby because he always has the red lines on his legs after I take them off.The Bummis Swimmi One Size with snaps is my favorite! They are really well made and soft. They keep everything in and again the snaps make for easy clean up. Also because they are adjustable in both the waist and the legs they fit both my skinny 2 1/2 year old and my chubby 10 month old really well. These are the only brand I have found that works for both of them. An added bonus is that these come in a bunch of really cute colors!