Perfect for casual baby/toddler naps, nicely made.  This is soft and light.  It would not be suitable as a tumbling mat as the stuffing is thick cotton batting, but not dense foam.  It is likely too soft to use for a newborn/younger infant. It is perfect for an older infant who can sit up, roll and crawl as well as for toddlers--although it is soft and light, it is cushioned enough to support a napping baby (our son weighs about 27 pounds and is very comfortable on it).  The mat weighs probably less than 2-3 pounds. You can use it all spread out as a large square (opened to all four squares), or fold it in half so it's a double-thickness rectangle 2 squares long, or fold it again so it's a quadruple-thickness single square and use it as a floor cushion/seat for a toddler. As a large square or a rectangle it's perfect for older infants and toddlers to nap, or just a soft spot to play, look at books and relax, and it's low enough to the ground that they won't get hurt if they roll off of it.  Since it is not a crib or portable crib and there are no walls, of course any napping on it should be done with adult supervision and/or using the mat in a safe spot like a small fenced-in indoor play area enclosure. The tag on the product doesn't state the country of manufacture.  It's a French company. Per their website, they source some materials from Asia and they have manufacturing plants in Tunisia and France.  The removable fabric cover is a soft 50/50 cotton/polyester.  The stuffing is 100% cotton and the backing (bottom of the mat that rests on the floor) is waterproof PVC so you can use it outside.  The cover zips off and is machine washable.  You must insert a paper clip to use as a zipper pull; this is a safety feature to keep kids from unzipping it.  The attached handles are made of fabric. We got this as we were looking for a portable nap mat to carry around the house or easy to take in the car, with a breathable and machine washable fabric cover.  We've had it about 4 months in nearly daily use with no problems.We also have a Thomas the Train baby seat that looks like a small sofa that pulls out to a nap mat, purchased from toys r us, but we don't like it for our baby yet since when he naps on there, his head gets sweaty on the synthetic cover, and the cover is not removable and not washable so you can only spot clean it in case of drool, spills, leaks, etc.  Also, our baby is not yet standing up and walking on his own, although he can "cruise"--walk around the room by holding onto furniture, and he sometimes tries to hold onto or crawl over the Thomas seat and ends up falling forward on his head.  So we put the Thomas seat away for now but I am sure we will use it regularly in the future when our son is a toddler and can use it as a little sofa without tumbling off the front or over the back.  In the meantime, this Candide mat fits our needs perfectly.