I have really enjoyed this organizer. There aren't really any good ways to keep baby food orderly, but this is the next best thing! I've noticed most of the bad reviews for this product say things like 'the trays fall down' and 'I can't spin it without it coming apart'. Barring defect of the actual product, I think most of these problems are due to misuse of the organizer, not fault of the organizer itself.'The trays fall down / come off when it spins'This happened to me the first few days I had it and because there were no instructions included with mine, I was about to throw the whole thing in the trash because I was so frustrated.  I couldn't even touch it without everything coming apart. My husband finally took a look at it, and he figured out that you have to twist the trays clockwise UNTIL THEY CLICK. You have to twist them harder than you think you need to, it will almost feel like you're breaking them. If they don't click, they will fall out. Since we put the organizer together (the right way), it has held up beautifully and the trays haven't come close to falling down.'It doesn't spin'This is another IT MUST CLICK scenario. The little green part that goes on the bottom MUST CLICK onto the bottom tray or it wont spin.So hopefully that helps some of you!Moving on to the actual product...It is not the sturdiest (its plastic), but it is nowhere near as flimsy as some of the other reviews lead me to believe. I think a lot of that has to do with it not being put together correctly (see above troubleshooting). I regularly keep mine fully stocked with the large Beechnut baby food jars and have had zero problems. I haven't had any of them fall off. Can you spin this at supersonic psycho carousel speed and expect good results? No, but I also haven't had to baby it, either.I took off a star because the square Gerber baby food containers don't fit very well on this, despite the product picture showing them. They sit awkwardly and off kilter and I don't really like that.I love that there is a hole in the middle for the baby food spoons! Nice utilization of empty space, especially since they always clutter up my normal silverware drawer.I plan on saving some babyfood jars after my children no longer eat from them and using this to store craft supplies!