Tired of the lumps and clumps in my drinks, I wanted a simple mixer for powdered beverages such as instant cocoa and instant chai. I decided on a battery powered one because of their small size and not a lot of power was needed. Fortunately, all these mixers are pretty affordable, usually under $10, so I was only faced with which one out of a half-dozen or so to buy. Based on reviews I chose the Prince Lionheart Versa mixer and have been extremely satisfied with my decision.Powdered beverages are mixed quickly and thoroughly. The spinning action is very efficient and creates quite the vortex, you actually feel the unit getting drawn down into the spinning whirlpool. The mixing is nearly instantaneous, 3-5 seconds is generally all I've needed. You can operate the device in a pulse mode, or press the button a little firmer and it will stay in the on position. The difference between these two button positions is very slight, and lots of times I find myself locking it into the on position as opposed to the pulse, but I see no reason why this will be problematic, just make sure to push the button again before taking it out of the liquid!Prior to using the device, I'd found that most powdered beverages were harder to dissolve in cold liquids as opposed to hot liquids, but this mixer powers through regardless of the temperature of the beverage. Just to experiment I tried it on liquid chocolate syrup in a glass of milk, and the mixer handles syrups just as well as it does powders.I had never used a frother before, so I wasn't sure of what to do with this attachment as no instructions for using the attachments come with the unit. As an experiment, I poured about a half inch of milk into a glass, inserted the frother, moved the unit up and down and in 15 or 20 seconds had created my first froth! It worked very well, and is pretty fool-proof, even if you don't know what you're doing.So far after more than two dozen uses I've had no problems with it, the battery compartment lid seems secure, and the wand has never shown a sign of coming loose or off altogether while mixing. I paid about $7 for this via Amazon, and now knowing how well this functions, I would easily pay twice the amount for this handy little gadget.