Extremely happy with this stroller! I had originally owned a Bob Revolution single stroller, which I used religiously for 4 years. I bought the Bob stroller first and purchased my infant car seat around the stroller. Yes, I loved it that much. I sold it to purchase the Bob Duallie, with a new baby on the way. Sadly, during it's redesign since my first Bob purchase, my toddler, who fit my older model perfectly, couldn't fit the Duallie. So I had to return it. One thing to note is that on paper both strollers say they fit the same height toddler.I loved the ease of maneuverability,  but did find it was cumbersome, awkward, and took up a TON of trunk space. Unfolded it was dreamy, albeit too small for my toddler, whose head bumped the canopy when folded back. I can't walk around with the canopy open and down all the time.I then purchased the Baby Jogger City Mini GT Double. Never looked back. I own the City Mini singe (non GT version). Here's the deal... the GT is worth the upgraded price for the adjustable handlebar, deeper seat and rugged real rubber wheels alone. If you're debating between the regular City Mini and City Mini GT, just get the GT. The regular City Mini seems to have a much shallower seat than the double GT, but miraculously my toddler can fit easily in the both City Mini's, with 5 inches to grow, and when he gets too tall, I can remove the canopy if I want with a simple click. In fact, I remove it and put it back on often. A feature not available in the Bob.  Currently I own the compact pram, which is the only interchangeable infant holder between the double and the single. My other option would have been to purchase 2 infant car seat adapters, one for the single and one for the double. The basket below is big, not the easiest to access but not awful. It works.What I love, other than both baby and 4 yr old toddler fitting in it, is how easy it folds up, and how little space it takes up. It folds flat in my trunk and I can easily stand it up on its side to take up the least amount of trunk space in my Jeep.With my Bob Revolution single I could fit the Bob and only the Bob in my trunk. Currently I have a City Mini GT Double, a City Mini single, and the compact pram in my trunk. And still have room for groceries. And no my trunk is not a tardis, but it sure feels like it somedays!I'm a small person, but can still easily manage on my own to fold and stow this stroller in my suv.I've used it both in the mall and on paved areas along with off road strolling in a local historic park with small gravel and wooden plank walkways. It does great on and off road. I haven't used it as a jogger, because let's be honest, pushing around 70 lbs of kids and a 40lb stroller is hard work already when going up and down big hills. Getting ready to do a 5k with this stroller this weekend, but I know it will fare well. Oh and the BEST feature is how difficult it is for my Houdini to get OUT of the straps by himself. Its genius. He struggles every time and finally gives up and asks me to let him out. Which I don't. If I  wanted him to run around the store touching everything his eager little hands could get a hold of, I'd have used the single stroller and let him walk... So an extra star for keeping runaway toddler in place!