Just bought both the Woolino and the Merino Kids in the toddler size (2-4).  The Woolino was the lilac gray color, the Merino Kids the dove gray.  We've owned and loved several of the Merino Kids baby size (0-3), so we already know how well these wool sacks perform.  I've never had a Woolino, though, so thought I'd buy both in the toddler size to compare.Honestly, they are very similar products (95% overlap).  Here are the differences between them:* SIZE: Almost identical, but Woolino is very slightly narrower and longer (less than 1" difference though, negligible IMO)* WEIGHT/WARMTH: Similar, but the Woolino (standard weight) is just slightly heavier/thicker than the Merino Kids (standard weight).  From this I assume it is slightly warmer.* SNAPS: The Woolino snaps at both shoulders, the Merino Kids at only one.  Honestly I didn't find it that cumbersome to slide my kid's arm into the Merino Kids baby size, but the double snaps on the Woolino could be a real advantage if you have a really wiggly child.* ZIPPER DESIGN: They both have the same zipper design (i.e. a one-way zipper that must be threaded under the left arm) in the toddler size.  In the Baby size, the Woolino has a zipper that apparently doesn't need to be rethreaded each time, but there's no difference in the Toddler sizes.* ZIPPER LENGTH: One big difference, however, is that the zipper LENGTH on the Woolino is FULL-LENGTH (extends all the way to the bottom left edge of the bag as you're looking at it), whereas the Merino Kids ends about six inches short.  In the baby size the Merino Kids was full-length, but I guess they got lazy on the toddler size.  It's a shame because this shortcoming (compounded also by the second shoulder not unsnapping) makes it impossible to open up the Merino Kids toddler fully flat.* SEATBELT APERTURE: Both the Woolino and the Merino Kids that I received have a seat belt aperture.  IMO this is not a helpful feature for this age, and in fact can be a pain in the butt if your kid gets their feet stuck in it like mine did in the Baby size.  The Woolino aperture has a velcro closure in the front, but none in the back.  The Merino Kids does not have a closure.* ARM HOLES: The Merino Kids has a snap so you can adjust the size of the arm holes.  The Woolino does not.  This is a BIG difference for me as I'm planning to use this on a very petite 20 month old (who had just outgrown her Merino Kids baby size).  The Woolino arm holes are HUGE on her, and I'm concerned that the fabric will ride up near her face while she's sleeping.  In contrast, the Merino Kids with the snap secured is a perfect fit, and I have no safety concerns whatsoever.* ONE PIECE VS TWO PIECE OUTER: The Merino Kids front & back outer are two piece, whereas the Woolino is one piece.  I personally prefer the look of how the Merino Kids looks (with the stripes going opposite directions on chest and body), and I think the cut around the chest hugs the chest a bit better on the Merino Kids.. but that's just personal preference.Honestly I think they're both great products, and you'd be fine with either (and going with whichever one is cheaper).  However, if you really want the adjustable arm holes for a smaller child, then you might want to go for the Merino Kids.  On the other hand, if you have a bigger kid and easy on/off is your #1 priority, I'd probably suggest the Woolino because of the double shoulder snaps and the full-length zip.  Also, the slightly warmer weight of the Woolino might be an important criterion for people in especially warm or cold climates.Adding a bunch of pics comparing the Woolino vs. the Merino Kids in the hopes that they'll help others trying to make the right decision.  Good luck!