I needed an extra set of tubing due to a friend letting me borrow her pump to leave at work. I looked at various tubing options and decided on buying this product since it didn't cost much more than tubing alone and gave me some extra pieces. Initially I was hesitant because I thought it might be better to go with the "Medela" brand pieces, I was worried about quality with these. Rest assured, these are just as good!Tubing: The tubing is identical, except the cream colored part is a VERY slightly different shade of cream. No big deal. I ran some water through it and let it air dry for a couple days before use.Breastshield/connector: This piece I wasn't sure I was going to use much. I was very concerned with cleaning it. Specifically, I worried I couldn't get my little nipple brush in all the parts. This is actually easier to clean though. With the Medela one at the bottom where the yellow piece connects there are all these little sections it's hard to get the brush in. This Maymom brand doesn't have all those little areas. I usually throw them in the dishwasher.Valves and membranes: The yellow valves have a slightly different pattern on them, but they function exactly the same. I can't even remember which of my valves are Medela versus this brand. It's nice having the extras this came with. The membranes are the same. Those little buggers get lost pretty easily, so it's nice having some extras of those as well.The only downside is they aren't compatible with some pumping bras. I was doing the home hack of using a sports bra with holes cut out. This product definitely didn't fit in there. I don't think it would fit with my old Medela pumping bra (which I hated and returned). Now I purchased Simple Wishes Hands-Free Breastpump Bra, Pink, XS-L and this all-in-one breastshield actually works with that bra. I don't like to use it though because I'm worried it will stretch out the holes. I like to pump quickly in the morning after my first feed to get all the extra milk out from the night before. This is a very brief pumping session and I use the  all-in-one for this time since I don't take the time to put a pumping bra on.If you're looking for tubing and extra parts I absolutely recommend this product. The price is perfect and you get a lot of parts. I have recommended  this to some friends and they are happy with the product as well.Update: I used thees for almost a year and never had any problems with them. I've even sold a few sets for Maymom by getting my friends to buy them. It's just such an amazing deal for everything you get. I had absolutely zero problems or complaints other than it not fitting in my nursing bra. I actually lost my milk on one side at about 7 months in and just pumped on one side, so it was easy just to hold it with one hand. I am still nursing my 16 month old, but trying to wean right now. I highly recommend this set if you're looking for lots of parts at a good price.