I have had a travel system and an umbrella stroller, and I went from one set of problems to another.  The Kolcraft is the perfect in-between stroller with the benefits of a big stroller and an umbrella stroller, making the ideal balance between both.  I will compare it to my Graco travel system (the one where the handle flips) and my BRU umbrella.Pros:-Big canopy that doesn't need to be removed when folding the stroller like my BRU umbrella.  I also like that the canopy goes straight across instead of pointing up in the air like my travel system, so it gets better coverage than both my other ones.-One handle instead of two so I can steer with one hand.-Big basket.-Play tray for baby.-Cup holder tray for me.-Shock absorbers and smooth steering.-Reclining seat.-Very easy to fold with one hand.-Folds wider but shorter than the umbrella, and since it is lightweight I can get it in the trunk and it fits, even in our tiny car!  It folds less than half the size of the travel system, and probably a third of the height.-It is the perfect height for me.-The seat is firmer and can sit up straighter than the umbrella, so my baby is less figety/more comfortable than in the umbrella and than she was in the big stroller.  She was always pulling herself up to try to sit vertically, she won't lean back, so this fixed it. (Likely a problem for my baby, not all).-Easy assembly.  Took about 5 min.  No tools.It is everything I loved about my big stroller, but at a weight I can lift and a size I can store.Cons:-Doesn't "feel" as massively sturdy as the travel system.-Ours pulls slightly to the left when steering with one hand.-Play tray has to be removed when folding it up.  I could just not use it, but I did like that this was not an issue on our big stroller.-I am 5'3" and finally I have a stroller that I am not pushing at my armpits, but at a comfortable height.  Likely that means the tall ones out there will find this stroller to be very short.-It doesn't recline as much as a big stroller - about 45 degrees.-I would prefer a 5 point harness, this is only 3.I will finally stop eying the ones around me as they pass, and I will finally use a stroller out and about instead of a carrier since I can lift it into the trunk and it fits in our Neon (the Graco did not fit).  I love love love this stroller, and the cons are minimal.