My husband and I love this carrier. We have used it with our baby since she was two weeks old, and she loves it as well. I use it to grocery shopping, and my husband likes to wear it while we go for walks in the neighborhood. It has great head support for newborns, and feels very secure. It is completely hands free, and I've never felt like my baby was going to fall out if I didn't have a hand on her.We haven't used the detachable hood, and I'm not sure we ever will because there isn't an easy way to store it with the carrier as there isn't any sort of pocket.I'm giving four stars because, while we love this carrier and use it all the time, there are a couple things We aren't crazy about: no pocket, and the straps are hard to adjust when you are wearing it. The instructional videos make it look easy to tighten the straps with one hand, but we often struggle with them.Update 3/19/15: My daughter is now 10 months old and about 22 pounds. I still love this carrier, and my husband and I both use it several times a week. Now that she weighs more I have started to wear her on my back sometimes.I would still rate this carrier 4 stars, and I have recommended it to friends. It would get 5 stars if it had a pocket! I've used it in all four carry positions without any problems, and my daughter still loves it. We never have trouble with the buckles (unlike the Beco Gemini, which has buckles that are ridiculously difficult to undo), and the padding on the straps feel adequate and supportive. I've also tried the Ergo, which I didn't like because my arms would rub against the bulky straps, but the Lillebaby's straps have always felt comfortable. The optional lumbar support is great, especially from around 4-5 months as my daughter was getting bigger. It makes a big difference in how my back feels when I carry her. (My husband doesn't like the support, but everyone is different -- ymmv!)One thing I really appreciate about this carrier is how it can accommodate both tiny newborns and bigger babies. For the first couple of months we used the wide seat setting and tucked a rolled baby blanket into the waistband to make a little 'seat' for my daughter (this is described in Lillebaby's instructional materials) as she seemed to be more comfortable that way. While some might find it annoying to have to use an extra accessory, it really wasn't a big hassle. Eventually we were able to go without the blanket and she could sit in the narrow seat setting. At about 6 months, we switched it again to the wide seat setting to better support her legs. We have never used the internal safety belt; it never seemed necessary.As far as heat and temperature go, I don't really have a good comparison. Living in Texas, it is inevitable that carrying another body can make you hot and sweaty, but I have never felt this carrier was "too hot." I imagine the airflow material does what it is supposed to in helping to control heat.