I bought my 13 month old this for Christmas. Overall very satisfied.Cons: -A little annoying like having a very demanding stuffed animal.  -The potty seems too small for the monkey.Pros: -My little girl has gone on the potty more since we have had it.  -She giggles at him when he talks.  -She loves monkeys to begin with so this was a must.  -She likes the board book that came with it. (Though my copy has the first 2 pages repeated do not think this was intentional.)  -Comes with nice potty training guide for the parents.  -The monkey has a diaper and underpants  -Cute and fun. Monkey itself is pretty cuddly.As for the tail getting in the way (another review had complained) I just pull the underpants down a bit instead of pulling them off all the way. (they have a hole for the tail that is kinda a pain to put in and out. Or you could just have the tail stick up the back and skip the hole all together)The monkey says:"I need to go potty. lets go potty.""I really need to go potty. Come on lets go potty.""Hurry take me to the potty now or I'll have an accident.""Oh no I had an accident. Please take me to the potty next time." (If you don't get him there in time.)When he is on the potty he says:"great job! I'm going potty, are you?""I am glad you brought me to the potty I really needed to go.""I like to use the potty so I can keep my underwear clean; don't you?""Lets sit here for a few minutes and relax.""Tinkle tinkle and poo poo I feel better how bout you.""I really like to let the pee pee out of my tummy. I feel so much better now.""I am so proud of myself when I pee pee and poo poo on the potty.I think that is everything he says. I might have missed something. I noticed no reviews stated what it says so I thought I would.I would recommend this product. My daughter has gone at least twice as much if not more than she was going on the potty pre-monkey. We have only had this product 4 days!! Fast results! Helps parents get a perspective of time and remind them to stop and take their child to the potty. Life is busy and the monkey waits for no one! :)