I bought the Kids Edge Hearth Pad WITH Metal Frame (Taupe Color) and installed it on a hearth 77" wide and 20" deep. Installation took 30 minutes, tops, going at a leisurely pace, and was easy for even someone not considered very handy.  There is only one section of padding that you have to cut yourself (the majority of the padding is already permanently attached to the metal frame.) The piece you cut goes directly on the front, so be very careful cutting the padding, or you will be able to see the mess at the seams. Also, be sure to read the directions -- if you simply measure and cut, you'll be disappointed; you need to add 3/8" (or even 1/2" to be safe) to the measured length before cutting. The covers for the SIDES of the hearth are separate attachments. They do come with their own metal frame pieces, which slide into the ends of the main metal frame to extend it, then you attach the padding. No cutting of the pad is needed for the sides IF your hearth depth is at least 18". Any less and you will have to cut them to fit. There is peel-off adhesive already in place on the inside of the padding, so there's no messy glue to deal with. These side pieces attach into the main unit quite sturdily, I was skeptical before installation, but impressed afterward.  I highly recommend reading ahead in the instructions about the installation of the sides, so you don't get the unit completely installed BEFORE you realize you need to remove it entirely to do the sides.  That was a small frustration when I installed mine, but not a huge setback. Also, be careful when removing the backing from the adhesive, on one section of mine, the adhesive came off with the backing -- remove ONLY the white part, the clear part that looks like double-sided tape IS the adhesive.  This is truly the only hearth pad I would consider buying or ever recommend.  The adhesive type pads come right off with the slightest tug and are useless, in my opinion.  The metal frame makes all the difference.  It is STURDY and is simply ingenious design -- two adults pulling on it didn't budge it in the slightest.  Any baby or toddler could grab hold and use it to pull himself up with no problems at all (as my baby does frequently).  I HIGHLY recommend this product.  See my images in the product image gallery to see the unit installed and in use.  What a breath of fresh air to buy something that actually delivers and does what it is supposed to do (and does it well.)