I noticed a few people mention that the product was uncomfortable.  I've used the product for 2 months now and just bought my second one and want to offer an explanation for those thinking of buying this product.I delivered naturally and started wearing the Bellefit one week PP.  I went with their instructions and ordered according to their sizing.  I had gained 30lbs during the pregnancy and weight 120lbs before pregnancy which put me in a size Medium.  The first time I wore this I could barely get it on.  It was so tight I wondered if I got the wrong size. As I wore it I noticed some discomforts but this was due to it being so tight.  The crotch area wasn't that comfortable and the wires occasionally bothered me upon sitting and standing.  As a result I couldn't wear it all day and night so I eased into it by using it just several hours a day at first.  I did love how I looked in it when I wore it under clothes though.  My stomach wasn't showing and everything was so tight it made me feel really good getting back into my old clothes.  Over the course of 2-3 week I noticed it getting looser - and my stomach getting smaller - and therefore much more comfortable to use.  I hardly even noticed I was wearing it at time.I think this is the major reason this product gets high reviews by some and low reviews by others.  If you're in between sizes and the girdle is on the small size for you it will be uncomfortable for a little while but stick it out because your tummy will shrink and isn't that what you want?Now that the Medium is big for me it makes me actually look bulkier when I wear it under clothes so I have no choice but to buy the smaller size.  This is the reason I gave it 4-stars because it's expensive and you have to ultimately buy two of them which makes it even more expensive.  But I have a little tummy still left and want to continue wearing it so I need to buy the next size down now.BTW, I ordered the product from their website and it took forever to get to me.  Thank goodness I ordered early.  For the second one I'm ordering straight from Amazon and taking advantage of the 2 day shipping.