So I had a similar product that is pretty popular - the Pronto Changer by Skip Hop. Sadly, it got stolen when my car was broken into....lame. Anyway, I got this one to replace it because it is more than half the cost. It is very good, and there are things I like better and less than the pronto changer1. Changing pad on Pronto Changer is larger. This can cut both ways depending on the space you are working with and how big the baby is. So, that is up to you. I think the munchkin is fine.2. Little head rest - Pronot doesn't have on eof these, and it is surprisingly useful. Munchkin wins here.3. Pad is stiff on the Munchkin v. floppy on the pronto. I like this because eit makes it easy to maneuver with one hand.4. Closures on Munchkin are Velcro, where they are snaps on pronto. Snaps are better fro keepin the thing closed especially when stuffed full of crap. BUT the Velcro is way easier to maneuver with one hand. Velcro means you can't stuff it quite as full as you might on the Pronto.5. General lay out is pretty much the same on both besides the above things mentioned.6. handle strap - button snap on the Munchkin is easier to use than the clip snap in the Pronto because you need two hadns on the pronot to use.7.  Esthetics - to be honest, they look pretty much the same from the outside, except the proto has cuter colors / designs. So, I guess this is what you are paying for  in the pronto. I really thought my pronto was so cute. and the munchkin I got was not so cute. "Colors may vary" in the Munchkin, and I got my LEAST favorite combo of pink and brow. :( But, it was worth saving about $20, for now.8.  Both have zipper pockets on the out side.So, you decide! Either one is good and I use it way more than I would've thought. You don't have to worry if there is a changing station (which there is no where in San Francisco) or if there is on if it is clean. They fit some diapers, wipes a change of clothes, phone, keys and pacifier - all you need. Either way, get a travel changer, they are awesome.