I registered for and received the HALO SleepSack for my new baby.QUALITYThe major draw of this product was that it was 100% organic cotton.  It is very important to purchase organic products for your baby as best you can to avoid exposing your child to toxins and chemicals which may result in rashes, irritation, excema, or other health problems.  (Even if you opt not to get something organic, DEFINITELY avoid synthetics!)  If you have a budget, I recommend you focus your finances particularly on organic products related to sleeping such as pajamas, SleepSacks, and bedding because your baby will spend a lot of time in his or her crib.EASE OF USEWe found that this was easy to put onto our baby with the tank top sleeve design--no sleeves to fuss with!  On really hot summer nights, we were able to lay the baby inside with only a diaper; as the weather cooled we laid the baby inside with organic pajamas.  The zipper is inverted which allows you to change diapers in the middle of the night without taking the whole SleepSack off.  Of course, if you put pants on the baby, you will have to take those off..GREAT FOR HOT SUMMER NIGHTSThis is a nice cotton sleeping product great for your really hot summer nights.  You can put the baby in it without pajamas if it is really that hot (and where we live this year it got that way).  Just be forewarned that the SleepSack has plenty of legroom to kick off a diaper during the night.  There were many mornings in which we picked up the baby and found a wet diaper at the bottom of the SleepSack.QUANTITYEspecially when your baby is waking frequently with wet diapers, I recommend that you have at least two of these or (better yet) three so that you can have dry ones and launder the wet ones.  Each morning you can hang it to dry if the baby has wet it but you are not able to launder it just then.  Having a properly-fitting diaper and a pair of close-fitting pants can help with drenching the SleepSack in urine.SELECTIONMy biggest complaint is that the Organic SleepSack is only available in natural, which is pretty much white (at least at the time in which I received it; now it has two pattern designs available but I personally think they're ugly).  I like white and it will make your sleeping baby look just like a little angel (and it's unisex), but it will also show every time your baby pees out of their diapers at night.  I have been unable to get the urine stains out of my baby's diaper despite many washes, drying in the sun, and using a non-toxic stain remover.  The good news is that this should become less of a problem as your baby gets older and moves into the larger size.SAFETYWe found that our baby could kick out of swaddles after he was just a week or two old.  Blankets are not advised for babies since they can potentially suffocate.  If you need a "blanket" for the weather to keep your baby warm, this is a great option!ROUTINE CONSISTENCYOne thing we discovered was that putting on the SleepSack is almost part of the bedtime routine and seems to help signal to our baby that now is the time he sleeps longer [than a nap].  Since you can wear any amount/thickness/style of pajamas underneath/inside the SleepSack, this is the one consistent clothing option in your bedtime routine.Overall, I give the organic SleepSack two thumbs way up or five shining stars.  I hope that this review has been beneficial to you.