I was about to give up trying to transition my 13 month-old son to a sippy cup, off the bottle.  At 12 months, we'd tried and failed miserably, but we at least made a small step: I found that he would take his milk in his Klean Kanteen sippy cup (love them!) if I took the sippy spout off and inserted a Phillips Avent nipple.  He would only do the slow flow nipples, as we'd only ever used slow flow nipples (I nursed/provided expressed milk exclusively for 12 months).  Once he was taking the Avent slow flow nipple off the KK cup, I hoped we could eventually transition to a sippy spout.  I was happy with KK because he liked them for water--he had no problems using the sippy spout, either the white younger version (Avent) or the green older version (also Avent).  He also did well with water and the KK sports cap, as he loved sharing from my KK bottle, too.I tried all sorts of options for him with the sippy cup transition for milk--open cup, sports cap, Avent spouts (both kinds) on the KK, other sippy spouts, and various straws. He refused it all.  I would not give in to him, but he'd simply boycott the milk and go without, just eating more and sooner at meal times.  After three days where he was seriously down on his milk (we still did nipples for bedtime), I knew we either had to give in and accept that he wasn't ready to transition and wait a bit longer.  I was about to give up when a friend had the Born Free trainer cup with the soft spout.  I could see that it was similar to a nipple, but at least it was a step in the right direction.  I immediately ordered a Born Free cup to try.Immediately, my son took the Born Free spout...wonderful news!  But also good news was that I discovered that the Born Free spout is interchangeable with the Klean Kanteen sippy cup!  Just like the Avent nipples and spouts are interchangeable, the Born Free spout fits snugly and without leaking!  This was great news as I didn't need to buy entirely new cups, just a few Born Free spouts to change out with the Avent nipples and spouts.I really love the Klean Kanteen sippy cup because it is so versatile--you can use the Avent nipples, same as you would use for Avent nipples.  You can also use the Avent sippy spouts, as well as the Klean Kanteen sports caps or the regular, secure close Klean Kanteen lid.  You have options that grow with your child, so as his needs change, you can just change the top, and because its stainless steel, it should last awhile, especially if your child is like mine and loves to toss the cup around.  The Klean Kanteen sippy cup hasn't leaked for me, either with the spouts (Avent and Born Free) or nipples.  The sports cap does leak.  Sometimes, with the sippy spout, a drop or two of liquid will spill out of the air gap, but it's minimal.  And if whatever was drawn up into the valve isn't cleared (drank), then that will spill out.I looked for other reviews of the Born Free spout, to see if it was interchangeable, but I couldn't find any other reviews on this.  Either Klean Kanteen must have a deal with Avent, or it hasn't been tried, or at least it hasn't been reported.  This is one happy customer though, for Born Free spouts AND the Klean Kanteen sippy cups.For cleaning the Klean Kanteen Avent sippy spouts, you have to remove the clear no-spill valve and the two black rings for a thorough clean.  This seems simpler to me than the valve system in the Born Free cups, but you don't need that valve system if you use the Born Free spout in the Klean Kanteen, and it's still no-spill.  I haven't tried the Born Free nipples, so I don't know if they're interchangeable with the Klean Kanteen, but maybe, if they are interchangeable with the Born Free Trainer cups.The steel cup is heavier, but my son has no problem feeding himself, and he hasn't had any problem for many months now.  The smaller neck is easy for him to hold, and he manages just fine.I wish I'd known about the interchangeability of Klean Kanteen and Avent earlier...I would have invested in Avent bottles instead of Medela (which I liked fine, but I like double use) or the Dr. Brown (which I hated for all the parts).  Or Born Free, for that matter, assuming the nipples are interchangeable.  I like versatility and quality, which I seem to find here, not to mention something that works for finally making the transition from bottle to sippy and ditching the bottle!