I'm not a child afraid of the night... I'm actually a grown man.  This thing is retro/scifi and looks great if you're into that sort of thing.  I have a very modern and utilitarian style home and this piece fits in.  I'm not sure where it will end up or how I'll use it, but it's a keeper.Placed on the floor in the corner of a room, the light projects nicely on the wall and can really accent a dark room.  Remove the glow-in-the-dark balls and this light is even brighter and with all the lights off can produce enough light to see and navigate in my 12'x15' room without your eyes having to adjust.The light and colors are obtained are from LEDs.  Many of the various hues have an almost lazer-light glow that can't be achieved by any standard or fluorescent light bulbs.  The light emitted is from a number of colored LEDs under the stem the balls sit in.  I've had it on ever since I received it and it's always cool to the touch, so it's definitely child-safe.The balls are made of what appears to be typical glow-in-the-dark plastic and are about the size of a ripe plum or one of those stress relief squeeze balls.  These balls glow decently, however the LEDs don't output that much light so the balls will never be 'fully charged'.  They're easily visible in the dark though, and even visible in a poorly-lit room.This unit can produce a mostly white-bluish/white light if you set it manually.  If you set it to automatically change colors, the white is the only color that it will not cycle through.  The sliding switch on the base provides quite a range of color choices.  The slider is a little finicky... sometimes it's easy to pass a particular color, but that's not really a big deal as there are so many cool colors that radiate intensely.The only real negative is the sliding switch that controls the hue feels really cheap.  The slider is recessed into the base quite well, but feels fragile.  Otherwise, the lamp looks and feels very durable and the overall quality is excellent.I wish this had adjustable speeds for color rotation and a remote.  What's really missing in this lamp is a mode to sync to music.  That would be amazing.  I'm surprised that something this decorative, useful and well made could have been marketed differently and sold for more money.Wow, that's a lot more than I expected to write for some silly child's night light... lol