We received this as a baby shower gift from my mom.  It's a great play yard, I love that it is gender neutral, and I love that it isn't bright blue or pink like some of the other play systems out there.  Also, the Boppy is very sturdy.This review only gets 4 stars for one thing: the instructions on set-up.  Thinking I was going to be a nice wife, I asked my husband to please set it up while he watched golf on a Sunday afternoon.  Two hours later, my father-in-law and my husband were still trying to make the sides latch correctly to make the thing stand up!  They were exceptionally frustrated.  We went to Babies R Us to see if the folks there could tell us what we were doing wrong - four sales associates couldn't make the play yard set up, either!  Finally, I called Boppy customer service on Monday, and all was revealed.  It IS REALLY simple to set up, folks... but you have to know "the trick."  In the very bottom of the play yard floor, there is a fabric loop that sticks out of a hole. This loop is attached to the floor locking mechanism.  If ANY part of the floor is already locked, then the sides will NEVER lock into place.  The thing is, you MUST lock the short sides first.  So, start over, pull up on that fabric loop to disengage the floor, (pull it almost until it's even with the rails) and THEN pull up on the side rails (short sides first, then long).  You will find that (unless there was a manufacturing error), the sides lock simply and beautifully.I can set this thing up (with my big pregnant belly) in less than 5 minutes, all by myself.  And, as said before, it's sturdy and seems to be well-made. They just need to be more clear with the instructions.  Would highly recommend this system, now that we know how it works!  Lightweight, good construction.UPDATE - Our son is now almost 3 months old.  We use this as our bassinet in our bedroom until he is old enough to be trusted through the night in his big crib in the nursery.  It is awesome.  We hauled it with us to visit all the grandparents for Christmas/New Year's, and it is very easy to haul, easy to pack, and easy to set up.  Graco Pack N'Play sheets fit on it very well, and we use the quilted Graco sheets on the Boppy for extra comfort.