I researched many strollers before deciding on this one. I already own a Mia Moda stroller and am satisfied with it. I needed a smaller stroller to travel with on the airplane. This one hit the mark. My son at the time when I was looking was 20 month old. I wanted something that he would be able to get more use out of, his knees were not in his chest, reclined, and had storage. This had it all. The best part is the compact fold. I read other reviews here on Amazon and other sites about the complex fold. All I did was watch a You Tube video of the folding process and I was able to do it on the first time.As with my other Mia Moda stroller this stroller moves with ease. When I am going into a store I am able to keep the door open and spin my son around to enter the store with one hand. My parents took this stroller to the zoo with them and they were extremely surprised at the ease of the push. They were also surprised at the lack of space this stroller takes up. My mom threw it in the back seat of her Audi and all it took up was the one seat.When I traveled with my son I got many compliments with this stroller. In the airport everyone was watching me fold the stroller and many commented on the how nice it was that it folded so compact. Too bad the airline would not let me carry it on as they must have thrown it around there are black marks all over it and I got it back with the canopy torn off (easily fixed). I do recommend that it you travel with the stroller on a plane use the carry bag it comes with to prevent what happened to me.The stroller does lack a child cup holder. One very con for me however, I was able to purchase at BRU a child cup holder that tightens on the handles. My other con to the stroller is the handle. I wish the handle was a bit larger as when going on a longer walk it becomes awkward after a while to push with both hands. However, the plus to this stroller is that you can push with one hand with ease.My son currently is 25 months and he still at 37" can not touch the feet bar if he is not slouched. I will mention the stroller reminds me of a chair on wheels.