My 3-year-old son really loves using this product and for us, the benefits outweigh the downsides. He enjoys having his own special place on the stroller and it has helped reduce some of the jealousy he feels over all the new gear the baby has gotten.This is a helpful product for those who have a baby and an older preschool-aged child and don't want to invest in a double stroller. For a younger toddler I would not recommend this, rather get a double stroller or wear the baby and put the toddler in a stroller, because younger kids often sleep in a stroller, might have trouble keeping their balance when riding over bumps, may not be tall enough to have anything to hold onto with some styles of strollers, might run off if not strapped, and just may not have the energy to be standing for long periods of time. But for a kid of around 2.75 - 3 years old and older, who may not have the energy for walking very long distances or may not be able to walk as fast as you need to in certain situations, this is a really good product. Much cheaper than a double stroller and can still be used when a child is somewhat past stroller age but not all that fast yet. It's especially good for people who live in the city and tend to walk everywhere.So that's who I would and would not recommend this for.Now as for my actual impressions of the product:-It's not difficult but not super-easy to assemble. I'm sure I could have done it on my own, but ran out of patience halfway through, what with the kids getting in my way and demanding my attention, so I got my husband to finish the job. He thought it was easy, but then he's always really good at stuff like this. The instructions that come with it are not too great, but it's not that hard to figure out what should go where.-Attaching it to the stroller once assembled really is easy. You wrap the bracket around the tubing, close and adjust with a click, then snap the board onto the bracket. Easy-peasy.-It will work with almost any stroller, attached to either the horizontal or vertical tubing of any shape. We did have a bit of a difficult time getting it onto our particular stroller, a 2012 Quinny Moodd, but in the end we made it work, and I don't think another brand would work any better for this stroller's unique chassis style. It does tilt downward slightly at the front, so my son's toes are a little tiny bit lower than his heels when he's on it, but it doesn't seem to bother him in the least. It might be possible to adjust so that this wouldn't happen, but not a big deal so I haven't really tried.-Saves your life when your kid is tired, not willing to walk for whatever reason, or just not quick enough for your needs at the time.-Great for keeping your child safe - they are in your view at all times and won't get swallowed up in a thick crowd when walking next to you at the mall or the zoo.-Makes it easier for you to stop your child from running off into the street or wherever away from you, too.-Lets your children interact and enjoy each other's company if you have a parent-facing stroller. This is a particularly big benefit for my boys!-It won't let you walk as fast as you might like, but still probably faster than a 3 or 4-year-old can be expected to walk for any length of time. I'm not at all tall or long-legged, but I do find myself kicking the board if I try to walk too fast, so it is necessary to slow down a little bit, especially when walking downhill. I personally prefer to walk on the side of this board while pushing the stroller with one hand, but I know this isn't possible with all styles of strollers. Definitely not for jogging or power walking. This might possibly be less of an issue with a different style of stroller than the one we have, I wouldn't know.-It's kind of a pain if you have to bump your stroller up any stairs. I handle this by sticking the toe of one foot underneath the board to boost it up each stair while I pull the stroller up with my arms, until the wheels make contact with the stair...and repeat for each stair.-Other brands I've seen have a mechanism for folding up the board when not in use and it locks in place somehow. This one doesn't. It might be possible to somehow adjust the connectors to fold it up and then rig an elastic band or something to hold it up, but I'm not entirely sure if this is doable as I haven't tried. But it is fairly easy to unclip the board while the brackets stay attached to the stroller, and you can then put it in the stroller basket. Or just leave it at home/in the car when not needed, and it clips back on in like 3 seconds. Works for us.-I can't say how well it wears because we've only used ours for 2 months, but so far so good.-Love that the price is significantly lower than others out there.All in all, it has been a good buy for us and I would recommend it for others in a similar situation.