We purchased the Orbit Toddler Convertible Car Seat G2 as the only option for our Honda Element. We had picked out a different rotating seat but when it came time to purchase that one was no longer being made. We had to make the investment in this seat and its rotating base (not included). Some things to note about our experience with this seat (please note, we have only used it rear facing in our 2007 Honda Element):-It just barely works in the Honda Element. As it turns, it just clears the cover for the seat hinges in the side of the car. It will be interesting to see what happens as my son's legs get longer. The Orbit seat will not turn completely around unless the Element seat back is reclined. It will turn enough to easily put the child in and out of the seat from the car door.-You will not be able to use a mirror to see your child in the rear facing position. It does not obscure my view in the Element but I could see that in some cars that may be an issue.-I didn't have any issues with the quality of the seat or any parts. It was easy to install. We do not remove the seat so the weight isn't an issue for us. We have not heard any rattling or other noises when traveling, with baby or empty.-We do not have any issues with the straps twisting. In fact, there are magnets on the edges of the seat to hold onto the buckles so they are out of the way when we take the baby in and out.-My son seems to be comfortable in the seat. I feel good about how little his head can move from side to side. At 16 lbs he never slumped in the seat and the angle works fine for him.-My son has had one blow out diaper in the new seat and the gray material cleaned up nicely. The materials also seem to do well in the heat...meaning, it doesn't seem to be exceptionally hot after a long summer day. I can put my son in the seat without fear that the seat will be too hot for his skin.All in all, we purchased this seat because we had to have a rotating seat to be able to put our child in and out. This does have quality materials and at this point it would seem they will last for a long time, but the price does seem excessive. I do wish that at this price point the base would be included or other accessory items, such as a cup holder, etc would be included.