I NEVER write reviews but after purchasing this, I decided to since WE LOVE IT!I really wanted a video monitor when my first son was born two years ago but could find nothing solid out there.  After reading review after review, I opted not to get a video monitor and bought a digital audio-only monitor instead.  It broke right before our second son was born so I researched digital video monitors again in hopes that I would find something worth spending the money on this time around.  I found this monitor and kept coming back to it after reading reviews on EVERY video monitor out there.  This one looked like it was worth taking a chance on as the reviews appeared stronger than the rest by far.  My husband easily hooked it up and it worked great in just a matter of minutes!  After two months of constant use, it still works well.  I love the fact that we can add additional cameras to the monitor as our family expands.  It's also digital which is a necessity in my opinion.  I have also noticed that the battery life is very good, especially for it being a video monitor.The only issue my husband and I have with this monitor is that every now and then, the screen will go blank due to interference.  This isn't really a problem because it comes back after about a second and the audio never goes off, even if the screen does.  We've found that when we lose the screen momentarily, we simply just need to place the portable monitor in a different spot, usually a few inches or feet away.From the very beginning, we loved this monitor but wanted to wait awhile to see if we still loved it before writing a review.  We can still say we love it and every time I have a feeling that I need to see if our baby is doing okay, I simply look at the screen.  This monitor gives me the peace of mind that our son is safe and sound without having to check on him.Update - 11/3/2010:We still LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this monitor and really wish we had it when our 1st son was born.  I'm so glad that we purchased it!