Both me and my baby love this carrier!  I was hesitant to spend so much on a carrier but figured if I was going to use it for a while I should spend the money and get one I would be happy with for a while.1. Our first trip out we went to the fair.  He was in it for about an hour and was so calm and relaxed.  He is five months old and so immediately started chewing on the straps.  Glad I got the teething pad covers.2. Our next outing in it was at a 5K race.  I normally run the races but ended up with no baby sitter last minute so I had to take him with me.  This is a big race (24,000 people) so I figured it would be hard to do with a stroller and he would probably feel more secure next to me in the carrier.  We got to the race and he was hungry.  It was easy to feed him while still in the carrier.  He fell asleep about half way through the bottle.  At about the first mile he woke up, poked his head out and looked around and then snuggled back into the carrier and slept the rest of the race.  He was in the carrier about three hours this time.  He slept longer than most morning nap times.3. Next time we used it we were at my sister's house for a super bowl party.  This ended up going past bed time but he was in the carrier already and ended up falling asleep again.  He was in it about four hours this time.Normally when I would hold him for a long time he would be squirmy or I am adjusting positions so many times because it is hard to hold any kind of weight in one position for any length of time.  However when he is in the carrier he is never squirmy.  Matter of fact if he is fussy and I put him in there he calms right down.  The way he is positioned in there is a comfortable seated position.  I wanted a carrier where he could face out but decided his comfort was more important than him being able to face out.  I mean what is so great about facing forward if he can only stay in it for a short amount of time because he isn't comfortable?  Glad I got this one.  He is obviously comfortable in this one.  He has spent hours at a time in it and never squirms to get out.  Also, I have worn him in it for hours at a time and never was I uncomfortable, no back strain, no uncomfortable straps digging anywhere, etc.  The way I figure it if I can walk a 5K race and have him in it for three hours than it is a great carrier.  That was definitely a test and it passed with flying colors for both baby and I.Also running errands with this carrier is so much better.  He never likes to stay in his car seat and is not stable enough to just sit in the cart so it was always a race through the store to get it done before he fussed to get out of his seat.  I would forget things or end up carrying him and trying to push a cart and it was just a mission.  Now I have him in the carrier and he just looks around and takes in the sights and I get my shopping done stress free.Soooo much nicer.  I wish I had bought this carrier sooner but at least I bought it soon enough so we will have many outings in it.  I have nothing bad to say about this carrier.  It is great quality, it is comfortable for both of us, it is not overly bulky, it is easy to put on and put him in it, ... like I said we LOVE it.  I would have to say out of all my baby supply purchases this is my absolute favorite one.