When I was pregnant with my baby, I knew I wanted a cover that would keep her warm during the winter months without having to pile blankets on top of her. I hated how blankets would slide off my previous children when we'd carry them in their infant seat, dropping the blankets in snow, or nearly tripping me. With this cover, I could zip her in keeping her snuggly and warm. If it was extra cold or snowing, I'd add a light blanket inside, and the cover would hold it in place, even when she'd kick. But honestly, it's a warm enough blanket that most of the time the cover alone was sufficient, even when it was below freezing outside.When my husband took the carseat to the technician before leaving the hospital, he overheard her telling the person ahead of him that the minky cover on his baby's seat was a fire hazard, and that he needed to take it off. Because this one is polyester, it passed the safety inspection, which was a great relief for us.I was a little nervous about how it would work to have the flap cover her head, but there is plenty of room between her face and the cover for sufficient air flow. And since the outside is polyester, the water pretty much all just rolls off, leaving her warm and dry inside during rain and snowstorms. I also liked that the inside is so soft and gentle on the sensitive skin of newborns. It's the perfect color for both boys or girls, and is well-made, so it's something you can definitely use in subsequent pregnancies. I bought it for our Graco snug classic connect, and it fits great. I did have to pull it down extra tight in the back to make sure it fit correctly, but it stayed put fine and didn't cause any problems with buckling it in the car, either in the carseat base or with the belt going across the top. I imagine since it had a little excess, it would work great for larger carseats as well, like the chicco keyfit or graco 30.I do wish the zipper would come down on both sides, instead of zipping up from the left to right, but that only really mattered when it started getting warm enough that she often didn't need the warmer blanket, so I ended up just taking it off. The flap would stay in place, whether I had her covered or not, so it didn't matter that much in normal winter use. I am able to quickly check on her, and if I need to take the blanket off, I can unzip it just throw it into the diaper bag since it can fold up so compact.I'm curious how it will work next winter when she's 10 months. I have a feeling she will be too big for it then, but we'll see. I'm just so glad that we had it while she was a newborn! I highly recommend it for anyone who will have a newborn during cold winter months.