Before buying this stroller, we had two for our toddler daughter: our BOB Revolution SE and a Jeep umbrella stroller. They are both great for their own purposes: running and traveling. To be honest, the Jeep stroller is also great as an everyday stroller as long as she's not napping. Since we are often out and about a majority of our weekends, I wanted something that would be more comfortable for our daughter to nap in. So I decided to research a stroller for our everyday purposes.My requirements: 1. Reclines for nap time. 2. Has as big a canopy as possible since we live in the desert. 3. A decent sized storage space. 4. Lightweight because I'm weak, and folds fairly small so it would also fit in my coupe.I narrowed it down to this and the Bumbleride Flite. I kind of liked the look of the Flite better, but in the end, the G-Luxe won out because of the following: - The sunshade is bigger when the extra section is extended. - When folded, the G-Luxe can stand on its own without leaning on anything. - Lighter. - Removable and machine-washable padding. - Bigger storage section under the seat. - Cheaper (nice, though not totally important for us when it's going to be used so much).We're very happy with our purchase and use it on a regular basis. Our daughter often gets excited about the "blue stroller." The only reasons I took away one star (and really, I would take away only a half if I could) are because when you fold the stroller, it gets the sunshade dirty because the wheels come in contact with it, and I think it would be nice if there was some padding or something on the strap that goes between their legs. When she falls asleep while sitting up, she starts to slide/slouch a bit, and right now she's in diapers so that helps, but I can't imagine the possible wedgie in the future, haha. In all honesty, though, I can fix that just by adding some fabric to the strap. I just thought when spending this much money on a stroller, it would be nice to have some small niceties like a padded crotch strap. =) Just my two cents!Love the colors available, and it's overall a fantastic stroller.