I researched and agonized for months before finally buying this stroller. I used the double snap n' go for the first 6 months, until the babies truly got too heavy for the amount of walking I did. What I love about it:-I have TWINS. When you are researching double strollers as a twin parent, you will find that most of them are written by people with a toddler and a baby. My needs as a twin parent are different. This double fits both guys comfortably and is tall enough that I'm confident they can use it for as long as they need to be in a stroller (3 years tops, in my opinion and philosophy).-The wheels are great. The sidewalks and streets in my town are incredibly bumpy; there are massive cracks where the sidewalk rises up 2-3 inches. I don't have to pop up the front wheels to get over these cracks, and the babies stay asleep when we hit bumpy terrain. I've gotten several puncture vine thorns in the tires and just pull them out; no need to refill with air. This was very important to me.-Front wheels have the option to swivel or lock. I keep them on swivel as I fail to see the usefulness in locking.-The weight is great. I walk an hour or more every day. I use this stroller for my exercise--it's cheaper than a treadmill. I do not jog or run, but walk at a decent clip (3-3.5 mph).-The canopies are great and so are the windows to see the babies.-The adjustable handlebar was a must for us--I'm 5'7" and my husband is 6'4" so I appreciate and need this feature. It's easy to make the adjustment, too.-The brake is easy to set.-The one-hand fold, really two-hand for a double, is super easy. It folds up pretty small--I fit it in the back of my Hyundai Tucson and there is room on top for groceries and such.-Assembly took about 2 minutes and we were rolling!-I love the color. It's a small thing, but I live in a hot, sunny area and black strollers don't work for me; the gray stays cool enough but doesn't show dirt. It also seems to stay pretty clean by just running a rag over it periodically, and I store it in the garage.-The width. It fits through most doors and turns on a dime, so it is easy to maneuver. I can spin it around 360 degrees in most store aisles I've taken it to.What I don't like or could be improved:-I think it says this is ok for newborns. I did not get it until they were 6 months old, and now at 7 months I still have to put rolled-up receiving blankets on either side of each baby to fit snugly. The first time I took them out in it, one of them fell asleep with his head to the side and it got caught in some sort of pocket in the material--no good. So I'm not sure how newborns could fit comfortably--maybe with a carseat adapter? But my boys are big and it is still a little large for them at 7 months. I don't think this is too horrible, but I would suggest putting some sort of cushioning in the sides so their little heads don't get stuck!-The price. Come on, Baby Jogger. yes, I love this stroller, and for me, the adjustable handlebar and forever-air tires were what made me buy the GT instead of the regular. But I fail to see how this adds up to a $130 price increase. Yes, the tires are nice, as is the handlebar. But let's be real here--there is no way these features cost this much!! They could at least throw in the parent console for free.-The basket on the bottom is basically unreachable and nonfunctional. I plan on this being my only stroller so I guess if I need some things at the store I'll prop a hand basket on top of it. I have occasionally thrown things under there but it just seems silly. It is plenty roomy but there's about an inch clearance between the top of the netting and the stroller itself, plus you have to bend down and get yourself kind of underneath it. It could just as well be left off.All that said, I love this stroller. Again, I use it for walking an hour or more a day and have made some other outings with it. Get the Diono Buggy Buddy or another generic stroller organizer to go with it, because the basket isn't useful for water bottle, keys etc if you need to access them while walking.