A three-year veteran of cloth diapering, I've tried most of the prominent brands out there, including Bum Genius, Rumparooz, Fuzzibunz, Kissaluvs, Rocky Mountain Diapers, Happy Heinys and Econobum.  With the exception of the Econobum, I have yet to try a diaper brand that I dislike.  But, that doesn't mean they are all created equally.  My all-time favorite diaper, the one that I reach for first when my stash is all clean and folded and I have first pick, the one that garners the most compliments from friends and strangers, is by far the Bummis Tot Bots Easy Fit One-Piece diaper.  If I could do it all over, I wouldn't bother with the other brands; I'd just acquire enough Bummis to get me through two days and be done with it.Here is why I prefer Bummis Tot Bots Easy Fit:✔ They fit both my daughter and my son's bottoms perfectly and grew with them from infant to toddlerhood.✔ They are durable and long-lasting, especially the aplix.  The Velcro on my Bum Genius diaper is pretty much as good as dead.  Bummis' aplix, conversely, is still holding fast.  My babies were never able to pull it off themselves.✔ The absorbancy works great for us.  Some people complain that Bummis are not absorbent enough, but we've never had a problem with leaks.  Sometimes I will stuff an extra liner in there at nighttime if my child has had a lot to drink with dinner.  But, on most occasions this is not necessary.✔ They are so no-frills and convenient.  I love that they are one-piece and easy to stuff.  Washing and folding is a cinch.✔ They seem to resist *stink* better than my other diapers.  They come out of the dryer smelling quite fresh.✔ Their unisex designs are absolutely adorable.  Aesthetics might not be that important to other cloth diaperers, but it's a priority for me.  (I live in Southwest Georgia where it's pretty much blazing summer all year long. I like being able to dress my babies minimally in just their cloth diaper and shirt and still have them look cute.)  I adore Bummis' new fairy tale motif.  Great for boys and girls.  No more boring gender-neutral solid colors!✔ Great customer service.  I once had a question about one of my diapers, and I was very impressed with the courtesy and accommodation I was offered.The only downsides I can imagine are 1) if your child is a heavy wetter, these might not be absorbent enough at night and 2) they are pricey compared to other brands.  The absorbancy has never been an issue for me, and these diapers are holding up better than many of the other brands, which makes spending a few extra dollars per diaper seem worth it to me.I'm very happy I went with Bummis.  They are worth the investment.