I bought this stroller in preparation for the birth of my first child.  Overall it has been an awesome stroller and has helped me work off the baby weight because going on walks is so fun and easy.  It's so easy to push and maneuver that you forget how big and bulky it is.  I've only had one little issue (that I was able to fix), but I docked a star because of it.Pros:So easy to turn and push because the front wheel swivelsLots of space for a diaper bag (a huge diaper bag in my case) underneathEast to take wheels off (to fill them up with air, or to fit in a trunk better)So easy to fold, you literally pull a strap with one handThe click connect car seat works perfectly with this stroller. *More about this belowCons:It's pretty heavy, and large (for a 5'4" lady).  It took a little while for me to learn how to lift it into the trunk of my car effectively.Unless you have an SUV or larger type trunk, you'd probably have to remove the tires each time to fit it inThere is a pin on the front wheel so you can lock it so it doesn't swivel, the pin on mine wouldn't stay up and would randomly fall into the lock position during a walk.  This was my biggest frustration because if the front wheel doesn't swivel the stroller becomes a pain to turn.  I tried taping the pin up, etc etc, nothing worked until I finally pulled out a screwdriver and removed the pin all together.  I have pictures to show this, I just unscrewed the four screws at the bottom of the plastic foot rest, took that piece off, and the lever with the pin came right off.  It turned out a lot easier than I expected, I wish I hadn't messed with the tape and other "quick" fixes that didn't work.  The pin problem is the reason I gave this review 4 stars instead of 5.*I really love that the car seat snaps into the stroller.  I started using it about a month after my daughter was born, so she would have been too little to sit in the stroller on her own.  I also like that the car seat makes it so the baby faces you, and you can protect them from the sun completely by using the shade on the carseat, and then you can pull up the shade on the stroller to create a little dome.  At almost 5 months old my daughter is probably okay sitting in the stroller without the car seat now, but I still like using the car seat so I can see her.