I've given this 5 stars because if it's what you're looking for, it's perfect.  Briefly, if your baby is trying to unplug something (especially if the plugged in item has an adapter that make it extend beyond the bottom/short side of the outlet plate) this works great to keep the item plugged in and the baby safe.  It's current price ($2.98) is excellent--much cheaper than I've seen elsewhere.  However, be aware that it is not an ideal plug cover for all scenarios.Here's where it works perfectly:1. You have an old-style standard outlet (screw in the middle).  You will be replacing the outlet cover, and it needs that screw and place to screw in (no new screw included).2. You need to prevent a baby or toddler from unplugging something from that outlet.  I don't think most children would be strong or coordinated enough until at least age 3 or 4, even if shown how.3. The plug or adapter can be longer than a standard outlet cover (this is what makes this cover great!), but not wider.4. The item is more or less permanently plugged in (e.g., TV).Things that might make it NOT what you're looking for:1. You need to frequently plug-in something temporarily to that outlet.  Occasional use isn't a big deal, but, depending on the arrangement of what's in there, it could take a little time to do this.  It takes us about 15 seconds to take off the top to plug something in temporarily, assuming what's plugged into the top is a normal plug, not an adapter.  Longer if you have to take off the bottom piece.  If the baby-proofing parts need to be added back during use, at least a minute right now, though it might get easier with frequent use.2. You have no screws in your outlet covers.3. You have a non-standard outlet configuration (e.g. 4 outlets with one outlet plate rather than the standard 2).4. The outlet plate is pressed against something (like a baseboard or corner).  You need a more clearance (~1 cm) all the way around than for a standard outlet plate.Extra information:1.  The color is almost white, and looks white unless it's next to pure white.  It might be "light almond."  It is less white than our "white" outlet covers but more white than our "ivory" outlet covers.2. The clicking when you are closing the outlet cover to make it baby-proof is a little loud--don't assemble while baby is asleep.3. This has 3 pieces--the plate which replaces your outlet cover, and two pieces which slide onto it.  There is a hole (~1 cm x 2 cm circle, though the side closest to the wall is flat) in the bottom for cords to fit through (so they have to wrap around inside to get to the hole).4. The cord gets shortened some, particularly the item plugged into the top plug, because it has to go out the bottom hole.5. It's deep enough for an iPhone 4s plugged into a USB wall adapter.Photos show the size of the bottom hole, the size of the cover when it's closed at it's shortest size (the product photo shows it when it's longer), and what the inside looks like if you take off the top cover.