We've had our Via Velo bike trailer for just about a year (since June 2013) and I use it about 50% of the time as a bike trailer and 50% of the time as a jogger stroller. Couldn't be happier with it!  I have just 1 child, under 2 yrs, and she is SO excited to go for a ride. Except for during the coldest winter months, we have used it almost every day.Some of my favorite details:  Front window can be mesh screen or clear-plastic "rain-proof" screen -- which, were I'm from, doubles as the "warmer" option and extends our usage into the first month-or-so of winter.  Nice ventilation in the back that's protected from rain by the canvas that stretches above the front window area up and over the padded jogger handlebar. (Maybe they all have this, but I think it's genius.)  In addition to plenty of room for a kid or two, this trailer has AWESOME storage in the back!  I often take it to the grocery store - when we leave, baby goes back in the trailer, and she doesn't have to sit with groceries, as they go in the back.  It also has a nice little pocket inside the back for wallet/phone, etc.  (Smart!)  As a jogger-stroller, making the conversion is a snap, and it really looks like a bona fide jogging stroller -- much UNlike the other bike trailers in this price range that still look like bike trailers with a weird little wheel in front when in jog mode.  The spoke-rim air-filled tires help with a smoother ride - the trailer pulls very well - and the jogger wheel is the same style, so again, it looks like it's SUPPOSED to be a jogger when it's in that mode. Folds down nicely for transportation. Not super-light, but certainly manageable. I have read some of the other reviews, where people have said they've had trouble with seams ripping out -- not the case for us.  Our daughter is just under 30 lbs, and we've had two 30lb youngsters in it on a couple of occasions and have see no signs of seams pulling out.On top of that, it looks and feels so much more attractive than some of the other boxy-looking trailers in a similar price range.  Couldn't be happier with our purchase.