We tried SIX brands of pacifiers in the first five weeks for our newborn, searching desperately for one that would stay in the baby's mouth. This one was the baby's favorite. Using the smallest sizes the brands had available, we tried the following:---Playtex (too big a plastic "guard" that goes over the baby's face, left much larger red marks than most)---Dr Brown's (Nipple stem was too narrow, so there was almost nothing for the baby to bite down on. Biggest loser - she kept spitting them out right away but she did like their bottles.)---Nuby (interesting low-profile design, but baby couldn't keep it in her mouth for more than a few seconds)---Tommee tippee (baby liked, but it lacked a loop for mom to grab it and pick it up again)---Soothies (baby loved to chew on it if we held it in place, but absolutely would not stay in her mouth no matter what we did.)---Whatever brand they sell at Nordstrom in the baby department. We got several as gifts. These were pretty good too, but not as good as nuks.Why was Nuks the winner?---Lightweight. A lighter pacifier is easier for the baby to keep in her mouth when turned sideways (our biggest headache)---Easy to find - they have a high-contrast bicolor design that makes them easy to see when desperately searching for one.---Loop handle - they are easiest for mommy to pick up--from the floor, from the carseat, from the crib, from under the sofa, etc.---Most importantly, these did the best job of staying in our newborn's mouth. Nothing -always- stayed in, and we continue to play the "pop the pacifier back in" game on a daily basis, but these will be our go-to as the baby grows.A note on colors:These come in ALLLL different kinds of color combinations. Blue, green, purple, orange, pink, peach, white, everything. Some pretty, some not quite pretty. Don't count on pretty blue and pink pastels for your boy and girl, and don't count on getting colors that will match your baby's outfits. If you want to raise your odds of getting colors you want, either buy a whole bunch of them or buy them in a store. Personally, I don't think you can have too many pacifiers.