Color is a neutral beige, not bronze. But I knew this because I saw at another store and the color matches our walls perfectly.Some of the parts are plastic, but the important parts all seem to be strong metal- gate itself and screws to anchor the hinges. Our little one (19 months now) is very smart; he's figuring out the mechanism after less than a week. BUT since you have to slide the lock, pull up, and pull out it is impossible for him to operate. Even though he realizes how it works, he is not tall enough to get the leverage to lift it (a kid would probably have to be more than 3 ft tall and pretty strong, so I don't understand how people are complaining their kids unlocked it unless they installed it incorrectly).My husband installed, so I can't speak to installation except that per his opinion it was not that intuitive, and he had trouble correctly lining up the hardware on his first try because it was not clear how the gate was going to operate (has to be able to pull bottom notch up and swing out). I see how some folks complained about not being able to install this gate into walls, because it comes with screws for installation into wood. I'm sure you could buy drywall anchors and still install in the wall, but if your little one is strong, they could slam into it a good few times and crack your walls. But a pressure-mount gate won't save your walls any damage either. We  had tried pressure mount before on our banisters and hated how it seemed like the pressure was going to snap the wood.The only thing that disappointed me was that the knobby on the bottom that is supposed to allow the gate to rest on the floor when open or closed does not extend long enough to touch our floor. This is due to our banisters being raised on platforms (hinges had to be installed 1/2 inch higher than if the banisters went right into the floor). This is unique to our stairway, I think, and this gate was still by far the most functional and visually pleasing option we found after looking at 30+ gates.