I had my third daughter 11 months ago (how time flies!). My first two daughters both accepted pacifiers with no problems. I am ashamed to admit that I used to be the mom that somewhat inwardly scoffed when someone said their child wouldn't take a pacifier. I thought, "well you didn't try hard enough". Let me tell you. Boy was I wrong.My daughter would not take a pacifier...or her thumb...or anything else. It was so frustrating. And let me just say - I tried. And tried. And tried.I remember meeting Kam, the owner and inventer of the Drool Monkey, through a mom's group in California many years ago. I had heard about her new invention through the grapevine not long before my youngest was born. I decided to give it a try.This Drool Monkey is a life saver.I was a little concerned at first because I didn't like to put things into her bed while she was sleeping. For this reason, we didn't want to go with a blanket (or lovie, as some call it). I tied the longer part of the Drool Monkey into a knot and put it in the swing with her for a few days initially (though she wasn't a big fan of the swing either. *sigh). She immediately took to it. There was a spot between the knot and the head of the monkey that she could get her arms around and it worked perfectly. As she got a little older (a few weeks), I untied the knot.She is 11 months old now and when I lay her to bed, I just throw the Drool Monkey over my shoulder. She lays her head on top of it, we say her prayers, and she falls fast alseep. It is amazing.Not only that but she is drooling like a mad girl right now (teething. so fun.) and she has NEVER had a rash from drool. To be fair - I don't know if she would even without the drool monkey but I also don't care to find out.I read another review that stated the Drool Monkey is not large enough for a nursing cover. If you imagine it as a standard nursing cover, you are correct, but in a pinch, it certainly covers enough that you can get the job done. I found it nice that it wasn't so huge. Texas summers are hot. It was nice to only have her head (and my breast) covered and not her entire body.I have since purchased a couple for myself (house and car) and a couple for baby showers. Everyone has been so excited to get them!One more thing -- about the car. My child likes to throw everything onto the floor of the car (from her rear-facing carseat). Of course she doesn't throw it on the side where the other children are so they can easily get the items for her. She throws it by the door where no one can reach it. Then she likes to cry because she doesn't have her Drool Monkey. Without it, she cries herself to sleep. It is so nice (now that I FINALLY rememberd they were there) to have the tethers to attach the Drool Monkey to the straps of her carseat (or stroller, baby carrier, or whatever else you need to attach it to).Thank you, Kam, for inventing such a great thing. I say this is worth every bit of what you are charging for it. :)