I diligently read all the reviews on this gate before buying it and as discussed in previous reviews, it completely fits the bill.Positives:  Very nice looking gate and easy to adjust the width.  Natural oak more easily matches standard oak shades; the auburn would likely be too dark  Relatively easy to install, if you take the precautions previously mentioned (and repeated in Negatives below)  After 4 months seems to be holding up, my 4 yo still hasn't figured out how to open it yet (also took my 15 yo a little practice)  Don't know about changes to the previous instructions, (but based on the lack of changes to the screws I'm guessing the instructions weren't  changed) but the instructions were not as bad for me as some reviews made them out to be (you just need to make a few adjustments)Negatives:  A little pricey, but not horribly so  THE WORST SCREWS... CAN'T BELIEVE THAT AFTER SEVERAL YEARS OF CRITICISM ABOUT THE LOUSY SCREWS THEY HAVEN'T REPLACED THEM!!!  The template for the hardware placement is flimsy, but usableSuggestions:  PLEASE!!! as others have mentioned, CHANGE THE SCREWS before you begin the installation... I tried a few of the enclosed ones first (just in  case they may have changed them)... that resulted in me having to use pliers to remove those screws that broke about two-thirds of the way in  and taking me three times as long to complete the installation.  I ended up being able to use about a fourth of the screws that came with  the gate and the rest I had to buy new ones.  Remember to always drill appropriately sized (not too big) holes for the screws.  It might be helpful to mount the paper template on cardboard first, so the lining up would be less of a hassle.  If you are installing at the top or bottom of stairs and the stairs end in a hallway, make sure you check the width of the hallway to make sure  the gate clears the opposite wall (the width of our stairway is wider than the hallway the gate swings into, so I had to make an extension  for the gate latch on the stairway wall so the gate would be narrow enough to clear the hallway)  It will take you awhile to install this gate, so give yourself some time and remember to be patient.Overall:  Once installed, this gate is a nice addition to our home for the safety of our little one.