Look no further! This is the best infant/toddler helmet out there. Solidly built, well-made, quality materials AND adjustable with a dial in the back to custom fit it to your child's head. It FULLY covers the child's skull and upper neck/occipital area, the straps are firmly secured deep into the inner helmet, it has abundant, cushioned padding inside with well-designed cooling vents and a soft pad on the chin strap, so it won't irritate your little one. This is it, this is the one. This helmet is as rock solid and well made as any of the adult helmets that my husband and I have. No other brand I have tried can compare.Like you may have, I went to other, more reputable helmet names first. The Giro infant/toddler helmet: not adjustable, and unbelievably--the chin straps are attached to the inner helmet foam by removable velcro pieces, and can just pull off--imagine that in an accident? (Not only that, mine arrived with the velcro pieces, which are attached with glue to the styrofoam, actually already melted off in shipping--crazy. The Giro is dangerous and should be recalled.) The Bell infant/toddler helmet is also not adjustable, and although the straps are solidly attached into the helmet, there is only bare, smelly white styrofoam against the child's head, with a few soft foam pieces glued in for "comfort" or "sizing" which doesn't really keep the helmet sturdy and snug on the child's head. (Again, because it is not adjustable.) Plus, these tiny, poorly glued soft foam pieces were easily and delightfully ripped out by my 21 month old, leaving the inner helmet bare and not padded. It also easily cracked on the first minor tumble. Neither of these helmets have the full coverage, adjustability, inner cushioned padding or soft material on the chin strap. Giro and Bell = cheap, poorly designed, not adjustable = not very safe.The JOOVY Noodle is SOLID. The kind of helmet that you would want on your own head, thus the kind you would want on your child's. It is worth the extra money, and upon opening it and putting it on your child's sweet little head--easily adjusting it to the perfect fit with the turn of a dial--you will feel the same peace of mind that I did. Ahhh. Finally. The Perfect Helmet. Thank you, JOOVY. You have made an excellent, unparalleled product.(By the way, my 21 month old daughter is in the 50th percentile with an average sized head.)