I own 2 of these HoboBe bags as well as a Be Prepared, Be Quick, paci pod, and Fuel cell, all in coordinating prints. The other hobo is in the First Lady print.With that being said, I like the Duchess print better since I'm not as paranoid about stains. I've read the reviews here and don't see anyone really mention how quickly the white stripes get dirty. I am a purse/handbag aficionado and am relatively careful about avoiding dirt, but stains seemed to appear out of nowhere. Whether it was from lightly brushing against a car while walking in the parking lot, or setting my bag down on a counter with invisible grime, my poor First Lady was starting to show some stains within the first week of use. I did try wiping with a wet wipe to no avail. I eventually tossed it in the washer, where it did well with the exception of a couple of dirt smudges that didn't budge. I finally gave up and got the Duchess print since I don't need to be constantly worried about stains in-between washes. Maybe I'm just strange like that, seeing minor stains like they were the boils of leprosy.Anyway, I'm a "bag for every occasion" type of girl. I like having a large bag for all-day outings, as well as one for short errand trips. This bag is perfect for that. I have an old baby and an almost-preschooler. This bag fits a backup baby outfit (laid flat along the floor of the bag), all 4 of our family's passports or vaccination cards, 4 large diapers for a large infant or small toddler, 2 purée pouches, 2 lollipops, standard wipes case, rash cream, roll of trash baggies, mini sanitizer, bib, spoon, iPad mini (inside zip compartment), potty seat covers, tissue pack, small bottle of baby wash, 2 bottles on either side, change pad, note pad, 4 crayons,  & stickers in back pocket, jewelry. & phone in felt-lined pocket, roll-on perfume tube, chapstick, hair elastics, coin puse, & full sized wallet in the mommy pocket. With all these things, it's pretty tight when trying to remove the wallet, ao it doesn't always go back where I got it while at the cashier.One thing that could be bothersome or awesome is the scrunchy key fob clip. It gets in my way a lot. I don't really use it and sometimes toss the car keys on top of everything. It could be good for keys you don't gave to detach too often, like house keys.All in all, it's a greT size for running errands, it's comfortable to wear, the fabric is nice in that it's washable and wipe able. May be too small for an all day outing, but if you carried a fuel cell or be quick on the side you could pull it off if you're an overpacker like me. Just to justify my overpacking, I have been caught, on more than several occasions in a place without toilet paper or soap, or have had to sit my toddler on a wet public toilet, so my overpacking has saved the day several times. I would buy it again if I lost it. It's a great design and so far is worth its price.