I hesitated to buy this after reading some of the reviews comparing it to the old Embryonics version. You see, I bought that version at a secondhand store back when my three-year-old was a baby. It was a great toy, but the battery compartment was hard to take off and put on without breaking it. One day we brought it to a friend's house, and someone else's kid somehow broke the battery cover in such a way that my attempts to fix it with super glue were futile. I went back to the secondhand store to find the other one I had seen on my initial visit, but I didn't find it. I was bummed because I had really liked it! I came to Amazon to discover that Munchkin now made the music box, but the reviews comparing the old one to the new one kept me from buying it.A little while ago, I decided I still really missed the toy, and I now had another baby who might enjoy it. Thus I bought it because I figured we could return it if it was really that bad.I honestly think that it is better than the old one! It has nicer colors, an improved battery compartment cover, and better synchronization of the instruments.The Embryonics version was purple and yellow and, in my opinion, kind of ugly. As you can see in the pictures, the Munchkin version is all different colors and visually appealing.The sound quality is just as good, and the batteries get used up a little more slowly in the Munchkin version. The battery compartment cover now has two screws (rather than a screw and a tab that put stress on the cover every time you had to put it back on) plus a pull-out box that contains the three batteries.On the Embryonics version, sometimes the instruments were out of sync. We had this problem from the start. It just seemed that one or two instruments were slightly behind the others. We've used our Munchkin version plenty but haven't yet run into this problem.I'm not sure why some other reviewers are knocking the sound quality (whether or not it's compared to the Embryonics version). This isn't an orchestra; it's a child's toy. It introduces them to some new music plus some musical instruments they might not encounter otherwise. Do the individual instruments sound like the real thing? Kind of. But again, it's a child's toy. The sound quality does tend to suffer as the batteries start to die, but that's to be expected. It gets quieter and flatter, like the instruments are slightly out of tune.I'm generally not a big fan of noise-making toys, especially ones that play music because the music tends to be very annoying. I don't find the music from this box annoying; in fact, it bothered me so little that I sought out this particular toy two years after throwing out the original, broken one.My only complaint is that I wish the box had a lower volume setting. The music can be a little loud, especially when it's got new batteries. That would probably help retain some battery life, too.Overall, my baby loves this toy, and my 3-year-old, who loved it as a baby, still loves it. They actually play with it together, which is rare. The older one recognizes the instruments and likes to show his younger brother what they are.Oh, and if you're like me and hesitated to buy this because it's supposedly crappy compared to the Embryonics version, fret not and just order it. You'll be glad you did, and if you disagree, pack it back up and return it.