UPDATE -- this doesn't really track weight to the 0.1oz level. After using it a few weeks, we noticed that when our baby fidgets while on the scale, it will often jump back and forth between 0.3-0.4oz increments. For example, it will jump from 9lb 4.4oz to 9lb 4.8oz. The scale will never give a reading in between those numbers. So it claims to measure to the 0.1oz level, but it actually only measures to the 0.3-0.4oz level. I suspect the scale is actually measuring everything in grams, to the 10 gram level (or .01kg level), and then converting to oz. 10 grams is about 0.34oz. SO -- the description is not really accurate, because it does NOT measure to the 0.1oz level in reality. Still, it's much better than competitors, so we're happy with it. I am knocking off a star though.We had a pretty small baby and were naturally concerned about how much breastmilk she was getting at feeds, as well as her overall weight. We considered renting a hospital-grade scale, but in the end took a chance on this scale. And we are so glad we did -- it works GREAT for that purpose.First, it measures to the tenth of an ounce (.1oz) -- most of the infant scales on here, which sell more than this one, only measure to the half an ounce. (If you measure in kg, it measures to the .01kg, which again is very good -- but .01kg, or 10g, is .34oz, so the scale is more precise when set to ounces.) Measuring to this exact of a scale -- .1oz or .01kg -- is really necessary if you plan to use the scale to track how much milk the baby is getting on the breast. Especially early, and with small babies, they might only be getting 0.7 or 0.8oz in 15 minutes on the breast -- so measuring in half ounces just doesn't cut it. (Luckily we are well past this stage, and our baby now gets about 1.5oz in 7 minutes.... but for the first week, it was so critical to have the .1oz scale.)Second, this thing is just very accurate. We tested the unit in several ways. First, we took a 1lb box of pasta and weighed it. It came in at 1lb, 0.9oz. We thought that was pretty good.... but then we put a big bowl on the scale and tared it out, and then emptied the pasta into the bowl. The scale read 1lb 0.0oz. Amazing. Then we weighed the box. 0lb 0.9oz. We did the same thing with flour, cereal, and even a dumbbell. The results were always within 0.2oz, and who knows if the scale was off, or we got a bit more flour in a particular packet.We also tested the unit by weighing our baby by flipping her, with her head the other direction, and by laying her down in somewhat different places on the unit. We wanted to make sure the unit wasn't sensitive to exactly where we layed her down, which would be worrying. But no -- as long as we got her body laying on the unit, it always read the exact same.One more test -- we weighed her, and then fed her exactly an ounce of pumped breast milk. The scale weighed her exactly an ounce more -- down to the 0.1oz!!! It was incredible when we saw that.The scale isn't perfect. Our complaints are -- the start-up is a wee bit slow, because when you push "on," it first shows the previous weight, then says HELLO, and then finally tares to 0. It takes about 4 seconds. Sometimes if your baby is squirmy, you don't want to wait. But 4 seconds isn't that long.... Second, it only remembers one weigh back. A longer memory would be nice -- we'd value that a lot more than the tape measurer or music function,which we don't really use. Third, the on/off/tare button doesn't really work. Perhaps our unit is defective. We have to put whatever we want to tare out (like a pad, or the bowl when we measured the pasta weight), before we turn the unit on. When we hit "on/off/tare," it doesn't tare. Finally, the unit seems to wait a fixed amount of time after it senses weight to measure the baby's weight. The more expensive units will wait until the weight hasn't changed for a set amount of time. If you have a squirming baby, the weight can jump around a bit, and waiting until she calms down gives you a more accurate weight. This unit doesn't do that -- it just waits a fixed amount of time then takes the weight at that time. So if your baby is super squirmy, this may not give you an accurate read.Still -- the units that do everything described above cost $1500, or $75 a month to rent. For us, it was a no brainer to own a unit that is this accurate and this precise. For the price we paid, it was more than worth it, and it's hands down better than the competition. If you're thinking about buying another unit to track breastfeeding, make sure you check that it measures down to the .1oz -- few of them do. And again, every test we put this thing through suggested it gives accurate, consistent results. Good luck parents! (And I include pet parents in there too -- how wonderful that many of you use this for your pets!)