If you want your baby to be the envy of every infant on the block, you definitely need to get one of these.  I love tech toys and high-tech gadgets for myself, so why wouldn't I want the same for my kids?  This is the coolest, most high-tech bathtub out there!I love the 4moms products.  We have two of their 4moms Mamaroo Plush Green Jacks seats for our newborn twins, and those seats are an awesome combination of bouncy seat, power swing, and iPod speaker system.  If they made a twin stroller, we might have that instead of our (admittedly awesome) Baby Jogger City Select Stroller with the second seat setup.But back to the bathtub.This item actually contains two distinct and great products.The first product is the bathtub itself.  The tub actually has 4 distinct parts of the pathway that water runs through in the tub.  It is specifically designed to have fresh water constantly flowing into and through the tub during the baby's entire bath, so the water never gets really dirty and stagnant.1) The water flows into a trough at the top of the tub, and flows over a waterproof temperature sensor.  The sensor displays the current water temperature in a very user-friendly fashion: if the temperature is too cold, it shows the temperature with a bright blue backlight in the LCD display.  When the temperature is in the comfortable zone for baby, the LCD shows a happy green, and on-display graphics show you exactly where within the "comfort zone" the current temperature lies.  When the water gets too warm, the display background turns red and it begins beeping.  If the water gets dangerously warm, the beeping intensity and frequency will increase, warning you to remove baby from the bath right away.2) The fresh water flows over the above temperature sensor into a holding basin - perfect to dip your washcloth for fresh rinse water while bathing3) Water flows from the holding basin through a trough and into the main tub4) Water fills the main tub.  Mom or Dad can decide how deep the tub will fill - there is a "low" depth drain hole on the side the can be opened or closed as necessary depending on the size of baby.When bath time is over, there are easy-to-open drain plugs at the bottom of each basin to drain the unit easily.  The unit also comes with an attachment to make it easy to mount in a divided sink with a low-height divider between sink basins, and a large blue foam mat for the bathing area.The second product is a separate, second temperature sensor unit that can be mounted on the bath fill spout in your bathtub.  It too contains a special digital temperature sensor with LCD display, and can help to show you bath temperature conditions long after baby has outgrown the original bath tub.After bathing our twins in it, I can attest that this is a great bath tub, not just because the kids are now squeaky-clean, but because of the great temperature safety features unique to this product.