I am new to cloth diapering, but I don't buy anything without extensive review reading and research. Listen, I think that deciding which cloth diaper to go with when beginning cloth diapering can be completely overwhelming and you really just have to go for a type, and see if you like it. I have trusted babygearlab.com for many things I have purchased for my baby, and haven't been disappointed, so when they recommended these diapers, and the flip diapers I bought both of them.For me I decided after testing the flip hybrids against these pocket diapers, that the pocket diapers were what would best fit my needs. For one, I enjoy how easy they are to use. After you stuff them they act like disposables, that is, no laying of the insert, trying to line scwirming baby with the diaper and wondering if the insert is moving around. No, I just slap this diaper on and go. Second, I have not experienced a blow out with these diapers, and with the way my daughter poops sometimes... I feel like I should. In fact, I can't stop raving about their capability of holding everything. (side note: I use to use BAMBOnature disposables, and they worked great for messes, but not aswell as these pocket diapers) Third, washing is truly a breeze. I wear gloves (I think a must for cloth diapering) pull out the insert, cold prewash, and hot wash with detergent. You don't need any of that fancy green soap stuff, tide free and clear, or what I use All free and clear works great! I want to mention that the microfleece really does a great job at resisting stains. The inserts may be a little stained but they really wash great. Finally, everything goes into the dryer on low (what the company recommends) which means diapers are ready much much faster!Now some reviews have complained about leaking, and customer service. Where I don't have experience with these I do feel like this is user error. If the diaper is leaking there are things you can try, I would first try sizing it properly. Regardless, I want to assure those who are looking into these diapers that they are very good quality, and are the only diapers I use because I don't have time to be trying every cloth diaper out there (and more options get more confusing/complicated). I would also like to add, if you do have a leaking diaper it may be at full capacity, these are cloth diapers and sometimes (as with any diaper) you're going to have a mess. It's just what we have to deal with and move on.Back to the diapers, get them, and try them. They are a bit expensive and I currently have something like 32+ of them just to make a good rotation of doing laundry every 3rd day. Seems to be working fine, I will return and edit review if I find any defects/best practices.