Have used this on different shopping carts and it has worked just fine every time - zero issues getting it to fit them!I love the colors!  Love the toy loops!The material is very durable and there's a little bit of padding as well, which was unexpected to me.  My 7 month old daughter has tried to take a nap in it even!The pockets are very handy - I usually keep a diaper, my keys, wallet, sunglasses, small toys, etc, in them.I had originally planned on sewing one myself, but once I researched how much the pattern, fabric, and time spent doing it would be, I ended up buying this one instead!  Such a great deal PLUS this one has Microban!  So it was a very easy decision!Fabulous price - equivalents sell as high as $100!!!2 things I wish it had:--- A carrying bag or the ability to fold up and be it's own carrying bag.--- 5-point harnessOther than that, this one is fantastic!  My daughter is a big girl at almost 17 pounds so carrying her car seat with her in it is becoming very difficult.  (Used to just plop the car seat on/in the cart while I shopped.)  Now that I have this, it's not so much of a hassle to shop, plus, I think she really enjoys sitting up like a big girl and having a little more freedom to play!******  UPDATE  *******Here we are, a couple years later and we are still loving and usng this cart cover!!Has held up perfectly - looks as new as the day I got it!  We use the pockets on the back all the time - something I've now noticed are not a feature of most cart covers!  I love that it's so easy to put on one handed with elastic all the way around.  I still love the colors, which is amazing since I tire of colors very quickly!  I still get compliments on it and people asking where I got it every time we go out shopping/restaurat!  Fits every cart I've tried, although I've never tried a SAMS or Costco cart, but I think it could fit as even in a Target cart (larger than most), it still has some room to stretch.As for one of the issues I had (carrying bag wish), I did figure out how to fold it into itself, roll it up, tuck it in, and use the belt as a strap to carry it.  Presto!  I take the cart cover off, have it flat against my body with the side she sits in towards me, front of the cover at the top.  Then, fold each side in to the middle.  Roll it down to the "back" elastic portion of the cover and tuck the roll into it.  Then you can tuck the pockets into the elastic as well.  Have the belt handy as a strap and you're good to go!I am changing my review to 5 stars since I have been so very pleased with this product!!I am trying to find this cart cover again to purchase for a pregnant family member, but it's been very difficult!!  This is the best cover out there!