Like many moms, I am no novice at diaper bags. Call it an addiction but I have bought many diaper bags including, the JJ Cole Mode diaper bag, the Skip Hop Duo Deluxe and more recently the Skip Hop Versa (just to name a few). They all had something that turned me off. Either way too big, not enough organization, cheaply made, and/or the strap was uncomfortable. So when I saw this diaper bag my poor husband just shook his head. We have two little boys, 2 years old and 3 months old, so I needed something that had excellent organization but wasn't too big because I like to keep it to just the necessities. Sidenote: I personally like to keep a tote in the back of my car stocked with even more "extras" for emergency so I don;t have to overload the one I carry around. In my diaper bag I can eaily fit pulls ups and sippy cup for toddler; diapers, wipes, a couple of onesies, tommee tippee bottle, formula dispenser, light blanket and maybe a burp cloth for baby, wallet, phone and keys for me and probably a bunch of other random small things. It's fits it all beautifully plus even MORE! Some have complained it was too small but for me it is the perfect size. Unless you're the type to pack the kitchen sink, it will work great for most people. I LOVE how it looks like a high end purse. The pockets on the outside are deep, all the hardware is top of the line and it just feels so nice!Now for the strap. I read all the reviews and I was worried that the strap would be too short for me to wear it messenger style, which is my favorite. I am 5'10 with a medium frame (not your "petite" gal) and although I DO wish it was longer and hit me lower on the hip, I can still easily toss it over the shoulder and not look ridiculous. I have it on the second to last hole (looks like it might come undone on the last one) and it totally works for me messenger style. Oh and the strap is quite comfortable. I sold all of my other diaper bags except for the backpack one for daddy and this IS IT! The perfect one for me! I've had it a few weeks, I am just as thrilled with it now as I was when I got it and it can easily go from playdates to date nights with the husband.PS. I got the silver drop and all the reviews are correct. The silver part is in NO way like the astronaut colored silver in the picture. It's much more muted and has nice pale gold undertones- and in my opinion way better this way. You won't regret this purchase!