I've been thinking about buying a Dabawalla bag for my son for a few years now and finally pulled the trigger this year for the start of school. My husband expressed some concern that the design looked a bit like a purse in the pictures (there is nothing wrong with that - he was just wondering if our son might be teased).The lunch bag does not look like a purse in real life. It is really adorable, with vibrant colors, an awesome design, and the quality looks very good (stitching and so forth). The neoprene is pretty stretchy, which is good for fitting lunch items inside, but if you have a heavier lunch one day (like when I use a Thermos), it sags a little on the bottom when carried by the handle.Inside the bag, there is a large main space, a "netted" area on one long side (I put a cold pack or granola bars or other small flat items there) and the drink space in the corner. I can comfortably fit a 12 oz Klean Kanteen in the corner space. I'm pretty sure Dabawalla says you can fit a larger bottle there, but I find a 12 oz size is the right fit if you want it to fit upright in the netted corner.Here are my main issues with the bag:-There is just a hair too much stretch in the neoprene. It always goes back to the original shape, but I don't like the sag when I have a larger lunch packed.-I was under the impression that the neoprene material was supposed to provide some (even minor) temperature control. It doesn't. You will need a cold pack (and more on that in a moment) - don't mistake this for an insulated lunch box.- The bag sweats. So if you are going to put a cold pack inside, make sure it has a sweat-proof cover (I have the overpriced Kids Konserve and that does NOT work well), or the neoprene fabric will become damp on the outside.-The zipper area is a little small. I always expect it to open a little differently and sometimes tug on the zipper farther than it's supposed to go. I sometimes wonder if my son has this problem at school during the day.-The bag is easy to wipe clean, but I thought you could gentle cycle this and air dry regularly. The instructions tell you that the bag will only hold up to that type of cleaning 5 or 6 times. So plan on wipe cleaning. For this price, you want the bag to last.So, I DO like this lunch bag and I would most likely buy it again. It is a little expensive for what I feel we actually got (in other words, some of the features I was using to justify the price aren't exactly what I thought they would be), but none of the problems are major enough to keep it from being practical. I would strongly urge researching the backpack version of this bag before buying because I can't really imagine the weight of school materials not creating way too much sag.