I love this backpack diaper bag! I have only been using it for a month so I guess I can't say whether it will hold up or not considering there are a ton of bad reviews about the construction of the bag. I can say that after a month of regular use it still looks brand new and has held up fine for me.I love all the different compartments! I use the very front pocket for my cell phone, keys, hand sanitizer, and other small items I want to get to quickly. I first started off with my wallet in that pocket as well, but have since moved it to the next up zipper pocket. It is one of the longer style wallets so keeping it in that pocket gives me more room for random things in the front pocket.The next bigger zipper pocket unzips so that you can open it like a book from the front of the backpack. This is where the changing pad is located and it has stretchy pouches where I keep diapers, wipes, diaper bag dispenser, diaper rash cream, and anything else in that category. It is also a good spot if you have any papers you've picked up from places such as doctor's offices. Just slide them behind the changing pad so they don't get all bent up.Then there is the main bigger compartment. It has two stretchy sippy cup type pockets on each side and one flat pocket on the back. With all the diaper items in it's own space the bigger space is free for snacks, toys, extra clothes, and anything else you may need.An extra feature the backpack has is a small zipper opening on the bottom right side for quick access to things in the bottom of the main compartment of the backpack which is really convenient so you don't have to dig through things on the top to get to something on the bottom. Plus, the back is really padded so it is comfortable to wear and you don't have things inside your backpack digging into your back which was an issue with my previous backpack. It also has stroller clips so it can easily clip onto a stroller or shopping cart. Works great with my stroller so I don't have to wear it all the time and it doesn't take up basket space.I find that this backpack meets all of my needs. It isn't super large, but fits plenty of stuff. Enough room for me with two little ones. I am very happy with it! I hope it continues to hold up for me!(UPDATE) Had this backpack for 8 months now and nothing has torn or come apart so far. It still pretty much looks like new. I do rotate what bags I use a lot so I haven't been using it daily for 8 months straight. However it did survive 6 full days in Disney World with constant use and still no problems with it.