My 7 year old special needs daughter developed an allergy to her pull ups, so I bought two different kinds of cloth undies for her. I wanted to compare them before I bought more. I bought a pair of these and a pair of Super Undies. The cost is roughly the same for either. I have used both for several weeks now, and they are both pretty good. In my opinion, they have different pros and cons, which I will list for you.The Mother Ease Bedwetter Pants Pros: They seem to hold more liquid than the Super Undies, and they have never leaked yet. They seem easier for my daughter to put on independently. The cotton liner is attached at both the front and the back, which keeps it in place while she pulls them up. They can be turned inside out and the liner hangs free of the water proof cover for quicker drying.The Mother Ease Bedwetter Pants Cons: They take slightly longer to dry, and are not as cute as the Super Undies.The Super Undies Pros: They are cuter than the Mother Ease Bedwetter Pants, and fit more snuggly. The Super Undies have a liner to help reduce the sensation of being wet, which is nice. They seem to dry a little faster than the Mother Ease Bedwetter Pants.The Super Undies Cons: I am sure that their snug fit is intended to prevent leaks, but it makes it harder for my daughter to pull them up herself, because she has mild cerebral palsy. They have leaked a couple of times, and I think in order to use them, I will have to add additional liners to increase the absorbency. The absorbent liner that comes with it is attached at the front only. That is so you can double it in the front for boys, or leave it flat for girls. If you have a boy this may be a nice benefit, but for us it just means the liner tends to bunch up in the back when she tries to pull them up, and I have to help her get the liner situated.I think I prefer the Mother Ease brand, but either kind is usable and in the end they will pay for themselves. I hope you find this information helpful.UPDATE: We have been using the  Mother Ease training pants at night for months now. They have held up well, and I am still pleased with them.