We ordered and received two(2) of these safety gates.  After some installation difficulties, I can share with you the following additional important information about the product:1) Overall, the product is well designed, well made, sturdy, and attaches firmly to the supports (your house) at both ends.  It appears very unlikely that a small child or pet could ever get through this thing.2) We found the gate to be very easy to open and close via the lift-up handle.3) The 4x D-cell battery operated audible alarm feature works very well.4) As of November 2012, the hinges are very sturdy and thick metal, not plastic as reported by some earlier reviewers.  Evidently the manufacturer listened to complaints and improved the product accordingly (thanks).5) The 2-piece gate screws together in width increments of 1.25 inches.  Two sturdy threaded metal eyebolts attach the gate to the hinges.  The installer must repeatedly remove the gate from the hinges, adjust the eyebolt depth by screwing it into the gate body, then reattach the gate to the hinges, until everything lines up properly.  And because the thread on the eyebolt is only 1.25" long, some users will be unlucky and not be able to fit the gate properly to the desired opening.  The hinge flange width contributes to the problem (we had to file down two of them).  This installation problem would be very easy to remedy if the manufacturer would space the holes just 0.5"(?) apart.6) You realistically need to have a 1/8" drillbit and a good cordless drill/screwdriver (or equivalent) handy to install this thing.7) Watch out if you have a non-flat (i.e. decorative) baseboard.  The lower hinge must mount onto a flat vertical surface about 3" tall.  We just raised the gate by 1.5" to clear our curvy baseboard.8) Watch out if you have a chair rail (horizontal moulding) within about 34" of the floor.  You will have to somehow build up a flat vertical surface on both sides for the safety gate to mount to.Overall, this is a very good product, but with some installation issues which prevent it from being 5-star rated.