Thank you for inventing this magical sorcery!!My son has never been a good sleeper.  He would comfort nurse all night, toss and turn and bed sharing had become just a miserable experience for me.  I loved the cuddles and the bonding, but I had just about had it.I was searching the internet high and low for something that could help.  Up until he was 11 months, he had been sleeping in his swing for naps and most the night (so I could get some alone time).  Finally, I was having enough of spending so much money on batteries for the swing that I told my husband when this next batch died, we were transitioning to the crib.  I came across the Cocola sleeping mat and read review after review and thought we should just give it a try.  I knew it would be a long shot with my non-sleeper, but we were becoming desperate.It arrived fast, on time, and in great packaging.  As other reviews state, I did haveto air it out for a couple days but honestly, it’s nothing.  It’s easy to set up, just stick the batteries (yeah yeah, I know. I said no more batteries.  But this magical product is worth spending $10 on batteries!).I played with the features a little bit to see how they worked, how loud of a vibration it would be on the crib frame, and to see how powerful it was.  “Holy crap this thing is awesome, I need one for my size!” was my first reaction honestly.We do not believe in CIO in our house, so I didn’t just throw my son in the crib turn it on and see you later alligator.  It was a transition, as any thing with a child should be.We started with nap times and a routine.  We would play a couple puzzles, read a book, nurse and rock in the glider, and then I would lay him down gently when he was almost asleep.  I would turn the mat on with the vibration only and rub his tummy or head. Now it wasn’t like he fell right to sleep right away, it took a few days for him to get used to his crib.  The first day, his nap was about an hour.  And that’s okay, as I said transitioning is so hard for them.  We just kept working on it and working on naps and finally graduated to night time.Once we did our night time routine, we would lay him in his crib, turn on the mat, and sit on the floor next to the crib and rub his head or hand.  The vibration would literally just put him to sleep without a struggle.Like I said, this product is a magical sorcery.  My non-sleeper has turned into a all night sleeper and great napper!  It’s worth every penny in my opinion!