I ordered 3 straw sippy cups at the same time from Amazon to compare them all. I got this one by SKIP HOP, the THINKBABY one (just the straw bottle, not all the other training ones), and the LOLLACUP. The Skip Hop is the most affordable at around $6, and the Lollacup was most expensive at $15.Aesthetic Design:Skip Hop: the design is really cute and it comes in many colors and animal options. It has a strap on the side for carrying instead of handles, which to me is a negative. Inspecting it up close, this product does not feel like it will last as long as the others. The plastic and the colors seem cheaper.ThinkBaby: the quality of the materials and finish is the best of all 3 bottles so it looks like a very high end bottle, but it only seems to come in 1 color on Amazon so not much flexibility. I love that it has handles which you can also easily remove.Lollacup: I like this design the best because it's very adorable. However, it doesn't seem to fit into any cup holders unless you remove the handles, which is unfortunate. The bottle is not as easy to hold without its handles since it is kind of round and chunky.Straw Design:Skip Hop: this is a normal one piece straw. It's very generous of Skip Hop to provide an extra straw with the purchase so you can change them out when the first gets too worn.ThinkBaby: an interesting straw design because it has a very small X-cut opening at the top. This straw seems to be a great training straw as the flow of the water or liquid will be less than the other two bottles. If your toddler bites the straw to make the opening bigger and then sucks, the water will come out faster.LollaCup: has a weighted bottom on the straw, which is meant to help toddlers get the water at the bottom even when they tilt the cup up, however it did not seem to work perfectly and remained in the same spot even when tilted by me. I don't find this feature helpful or necessary.Opening/Closing Mechanism:All three bottles click into a lock to hide the straw and it is not difficult to close them. When opening them, I found the Skip Hop to be a little "sticky" to open...like rubber dragging against plastic difficult but I think a toddler can still open it. The Lollacup was the easiest and smoothest to open, and the ThinkBaby was somewhere in the middle.Spills:Skip Hop: when flipped upside down, dripped a steady stream of water where the straw left a small opening with the top. If shaken, will definitely spill water out.ThinkBaby: when held upside down, no water came out at all. When shaken upside down, drops of water did come out but it was not a large amount. I was very impressed by this bottle as it was the best in the spill tests I did.Lollacup: held upside down, drops of water did come out. When tilted at a 45degree angle, a stream of water came out. Water definitely came out if shaken but not as much as with the Skip Hop bottle.I can't yet comment on longevity...I believe the ThinkBaby will last the longest with the Skip Hop lasting the least.