Love these and baby has no trouble going back & forth between bottle and nursing. BUT there are some things you should know to do so successfully.For the first time, squeeze the long part of nipple together then place a finger over the tip of the nipple, then turn bottle upside down, release the squeeze around the long part. This is create a mini vacuum and cause milk to flow into the nipple. You'll see it. (I recommend practicing with water first). Then offer the bottle to baby for the first time with it "primed." Having milk in the nipple helps them to know what to do.Your feeding technique is important. Sit baby upright (if laying back they'll gag & choke). Stroke baby's cheeks with nipple until they make the "fish lips" expression. Put bottle in baby's mouth, aiming for the roof of the mouth (need to ensure the nipple gets placed above the tongue). Put the nipple all the way into baby's mouth. It looks long and like you'll gag them but it doesn't work, if it's not all the way in. Then lift bottle so the fluid level just barely covers the opening valve. If it fully covers it baby can get too much milk at once if they're used needing to perform vigorous stimulation for let-down. The trick is to change the angle of the bottle depending on babies needs (I also recommend filling bottle with water and experimenting with it yourself). Don't take it out of their mouth that will upset them. Simply change it from bottle above baby's mouth to go faster to below to go slower. You have to watch & listen to baby while feeding. If their eyes are getting big, they're coughing, milk is coming out the sides or you hear swallowing/gulping more frequently than when nursing it's too fast and the bottle angle should be lowered. If they're crying, fussy or tight lipped it's probably too slow. It is a skill that gets better with practice.The good part is if baby sucks hard they get more, suck a little they get less. The problem is baby may be used to needing to suck hard & fast then wait for let-down. With this nipple if they suck hard & fast and caregiver doesn't have correct bottle angle, then A LOT of milk will come out right away and can surprise and overwhelm baby.This a great nipple but it does require some responsive holding from the person feeding.