We bought this bike 3 months ago and use it about once a week for a 1 mile walk on a paved path.  I have two sons, an average sized 28 month old (about 30 lb and 35 inches tall), and a tall 3.5 year old (40 lb and 41 in tall).Pros:*We are able to push the two year old along with us on our walks, and he can still feel like a big boy riding a bike.*The bike handles fairly well, and runs smoothly.*The pedals can either be engaged or disengaged depending on what level of ability your child is at.  To do so you just need to slide a switch on the wheel.  My 3 year old is able to reengage the pedals on his own when he wants to ride the bike, it is very easy to do.* The bike is attractive and simple looking.  It does not come with as many bells and whistles as a lot of the other brands of bikes similar to this one do.  Which means there are fewer things on the bike to break.  It also means it actually looks like a bike, and not like some sort of strange wheeled device to strap a child into.  If your kid still needs a head rest, surround arms, sun shade, and a 5 point harness like some of the other brands have, they should probably be in a normal stroller and not on a bike.*The foot rest works fairly well, it stays in place, and seems comfortable for my son to rest his feet on.*Despite the fact that I said this bike is simple and does not come with a lot of extra bells and whistles, it does have one extra, a bell.  The bell is not overly annoying sounding.*The baby surround arms add a little extra support for younger kids.  We used them for the first few rides and then took them off because they were not needed.*It has a little basket on the back that my son can reach while he is riding.  He will put a sippy cup in there along with all the other treasures he has insisted on bringing along that day. The basket is big enough to hold a small purse or diaper bag.Cons:*The handle on the one we received is not quite straight.  The hole in the bottom of it that attaches it to the bike was drilled at a slight angle, which means you have to turn the handle a bit to make the bike go straight.  It is slightly annoying, but not so annoying that I have bothered calling the company to try and get a replacement.* My 40 lb 3.5 year old is really too big for the bike, despite the fact that it says it will fit a kid up to 44 lb.  He is tall for his age, but not heavy.  He can still sort of ride it, but he looks uncomfortable on it, and has complained of being uncomfortable.  We bought the bike for his brother, not him, so it isn't that big of a deal, I just wanted to warn you that if you have a large child, don't expect to be able to use this bike much beyond 3 years old.*The kid is able to override the adults steering if they turn the handlebars hard enough which can make it really difficult to keep the bike on a straight path.  It would be nice if there was a way to disengage the child's steering ability.*I had trouble figuring out how to move the foot rest into the out of the way position.  It can be in the down position for a kid to rest their feet on, or it can be pushed up under the seat, so that it is out of the way for a kid using the pedals.  My husband finally figured out how to move it back.  You need to pull down on it to unlock it.  Once we figured that out, the foot rest was extremely easy to put into the out of the way position.