This is an excellent, well-thought of design that is the BEST way to simultaneously carry twin infants.  I strongly disagree, with all due respect, with the negative reviews that have been circulated by these so-called "Baby Wearing Experts" that have not even purchased this product, making these reviews unfair and unfounded.  It was the Infantimo Sling that was recalled and has nothing to do with this product at all.  A few VERY critical points that NONE of the negative reviewers pointed out are ~1.  The Double Take! TwinSling has a "hard base" that ELIMINATES the baby's body from "curling" which is what causes a suffocation hazard in the Infantimo sling and other ring-slings like it.  The Double-Take's hard base provides a rigid flat bed that allows baby to lay down, in a flat position, eliminating risk. It is more like a mobile bassinette than a sling, except for the fact that this "bassinette-type carrier" is "wearable".2.  The Double Take! has breathable mesh fabric in the front (head-room) which allows airflow right at the baby's head.3.  The Double Take! doesn't even use "rings" but rather tri-glides that feed, grip and lock the ribbed webbing firmly into place.  It is the Infantimo sling (and other slings on the market) that use rings that can slip or crack.  The tri-glides on the Double Take! are very different in function and utility to the ring-system.  The Double Take! webbing can been adjusted so the babies can be brought up to your chin level, or breast level, so your line of sight is only inches away from your sleeping babies at all times.  Also, there are generous shoulder pads around the webbing for comfort.Here are the detailed features from this product's information page:* Double Take! consists of two "adjustable" slings that grow with your twins, from birth to 15 lbs (each sling).* Each sling is fitted with a rigid base that safely supports your infants head, neck and back from "curling" or bending.* Two connecting slings, separate to two single slings...once you're ready to carry babies separately.* Front mesh panel allows airflow inside sling while twins sleep, enjoying the rocking motion during your walk.* One size fits all: Shoulder strap is adjustable for mom or dad. Cushy, foamed shoulder pad adds extra comfort for wearer.* Inside the sling, the "Comfort Pad" offers secure "Center and Side Waist Restraints" that adjust, and expand lengthwise as your babies grow in length.* The "Comfort Pad" is also removable for an "On-the-Go" diaper changing station, and can be machine washed, separate from the sling.* Back of sling has an expandable feature that zips open the sling fabric, offering more leg room, as your babies grow.* Two pockets inside sling hide extra diaper, wipes, wallet, keys and cellphone.* Nursing is discreet and easy with baby still inside sling.* Designed by a mother of twins with YOU in mind!Hope this provides better information to help you make a more informed buying decision - thanks for reading!