I have low supply and had to supplement early on and was using eyedroppers, syringes, medicine droppers...anything I could use at the breast. I finally got one of these and though I have had my share of baby meltdowns about the tube,  as well as all out breast refusal when the tube is attached, its still my mainstay and at 9 months, its acceptable almost all the time to my son. I have used and broken in some way or another about 6 of these in 8 months. They aren't intended for this kind of use, which I understand. Once you use these every day multiple times a day, you know how to get them to work...how to keep them from leaking and how to clean them so they're sanitary.I have had problems with the tops of these sns having a kink in the tube from the factory, having the tube exit at an angle and therefor limiting the flow capability, also a quality control problem...then as I mentioned,  some lids are tighter fits than others. I have always used the same base to compare too.A few words for those who are going through supplement hell...and need to use these sns more often than they would like or longer than they want. Thngs will get better and easier as your baby grows. Its hard to do this and travel but its possible...Try to use breastmilk to supplement if you can. I found a breastmilk donor on milkshare (its a website) and since 4&1/2 months my son has been EBF and he is so much easier to feed with this supplementer now that formula has been removed from the equation. He hated formula...I would too...it tastes terrible and isn't as good as breastmilk is for you baby. There are some quality control problems with these...some caps will fit more loosely than others making it more likely to leak...it takes some experience to get the right amount of tension to prevent leaking. If you are just starting to use one of these, practice with cows milk so you don't waste your supplement and so you can see it rising in the twist rungs... and experiment with squeezing the teat (that's their terminology not mine) to see if the seal will leak with pressure. Dont flip out if you do lose some milk due to leakage...if your baby is actively sucking which you can encourage with breast compressions, stroking the face or neck, or a gentle blow of air on the forehead (that worked with my son) the leaking will stop...I had many meltdowns using these...mostly because I had supply issues and personal grief from feeling insufficient. Reading 'making more milk ' available on amazon and on kindle really helped me out...so don't think using these will be easy physically or mentally. Allow your baby to feed on each side at least once, prefferably twice before attaching this...that will drain you first before offering a steady flow and in my case before my son drifts off to sleep. My son would suck less vigorously when he had the flow output of one of these...so its important if you have supply issues, to make sure to drain your breasts first so your body knows to make more milk.Throw their pathetic poorly designed idiotic white clothes pincher away. I don't use anything to keep my sns in place now. I feed my son while i am reclined and the sns lays in the crook of my shoulder and neck no problem. Earlier on though, I wrapped a rubber band around a chip bag clamp and wrapped tha band around the sns. This worked 10000 times better that that thing they provide you with.If you are having baby grabbing issues with the tube or sns itself, use more 3m paper tape on the chest and cover the rest of the tube with your shirt or something so it isn't obvious to the baby. I rarely had grabbing issues...if it persists, get something you can use as a nursing necklace or if you have long hair, put it in a braid and lay it on your chest, that usually proves more interesting depending on your hair band color... if you are only supplementing with breastmilk, you can use the sns multiple times before cleaning it...I wash my sns once a day, sometimes twice. I store it in the refrigerator between uses. Make sure you keep your sns in a sanitary place in the frige and that the tube is either wrapped around the bottle and not touching anything, or that you keep the sns in its own bag or co tainer that is clean so it doesnt contact anything in the frige. If you are supplementing with formula, you need to clean your sns after each use...sorry. its pretty laborious intensive.Always have a backup sns in case yours breaks...the tubes are fragile at the base of the teat, the teat and lid is brittle after about a month of use and can crack which leads to leakage when the teat is squeezed (sorry for saying teat so much) . Amazon is prettymuch the cheapest place to get these...if you have prime you are set. Oh, one last thing, clean each individual piece in very hot water...not boilling, just as hot as your hands can handle. Use a soft scrubber that can get to all the areas of the sns, i have a cloth topped bottle brush that i use. To clean the tube out, use your index nail and your thumb along with some soapy water inside the lid to gently crease the tube and slide your thumb and fingernails all the way down to make sure you get all the debris out of the tube. Be careful not to pull too much at the tube unless you are holding the tube itself at the base of the teat. If you pull from the teat, you may break the tube off. I have done that twice. You will need to replace your sns tops rlwith regular use. These are not designed for this type of use...so don't get too upset when they break.oh, the way the clamp (the yellow thing the tube goes through and that the flow is stopped with) should be turned the other way so you can use one hand to pull the tube and stop /clamp the flow. The way it is situated when you get it would require you to pull up and away from your baby. That takes two hands if you have weak tape or are using just a little. Sometimes you 'll rip the tube out of your baby's mouth. Turn the clamp around and that way you can use one hand to pull the tube into the slit of the clamp keeping your sns in the crook of your neck or attached to your shirt.I hope that was helpful. If you have any questions let me know. I use these every day so I have solved many sns problems.Update, I have now nursed my second son from week one using a supplemental nursing system...these, again. He is almost a year old. I don't have much to add other than the yellow clamp is usually situated the correct direction on the tube now and the quality control seems better these days. I was very grateful for my experience with these with my first son, using an sns is second nature now and we haven't found anything that works better. I have gone through about 10 more of these or more since my review and I would have to say the pain of using this sns is far overshadowed by the wonderful and fulfilling lifestyle of exclusively breastfeeding at the breast which it enables.