I have come full circle with this pump. When I first started using this pump, I found it was much more comfortable than the one I had been using at the hospital. However, having flat nipples, it became increasingly difficult to pump. I assumed it was because of the type of pump, but now (11 months later) I know that pumping just takes some getting used to! I switched to a different pump (the Philips Avent Comfort Double Electric Pump) and used it for 10 months, not realizing that pain during pumping is actually NOT normal. The Avent was a great pump for most of the time I used it, but over time my nipples became traumatized from the hard suction and incorrectly sized breast cups. Pumping started out being awkward-feeling and uncomfortable, to being extremely painful. My nipples were constantly swollen and red, and super enlarged. Because of the pain, I really couldn't pump more than 2-3 ounces at a time (dropping down from 5-8 ounces at a time!), so in desperation I switched back to the Simplisse breast pump. At first, my nipples had become so engorged I had to use nipple cream to be able to comfortably use this Simplisse as there are no larger sized breast cups available, but over time the cream (which was olive oil-based) started to degrade the silicone parts. (Never use any oil-based lubricants on any silicone. It melts the silicone!)The Simplisse was fantastic, much more comfortable than the Avent Comfort pump, but the nipple oil I had been using ruined the pump parts! I contacted the company directly to replace 2 parts, and they sent me an entire collection kit (everything but the pump) for free! I received the kit within 2 days, and I am so glad! By this time my nipples had returned to their normal size, so I was able to comfortably use the Simplisse without any nipple cream.It has been a couple of weeks, and I am LOVING the Simplisse pump. I pump for less time, less often, and am pumping more milk than I ever did with the pinch-y Avent! The SImplisse pump has a different suction that more closely mimics a baby's suction, and offers flow and speed controls. It's a little louder than the Avent pump, but the silicone breastcups and gentle suction make this SO much more comfortable to use -- no pain! Just be sure to follow the directions EXACTLY when putting it together -- and in removing them! My husband accidentally snapped a piece off the top lid holding the valve because he didn't realize the trick to removing!PROS: gentle suction makes this a more comfortable pump; fast let-down; different controls for speed and flow; easy to clean the parts (BUT be gentle with the white valves - dish brushes can scratch them!); pump a lotCONS: a little loud; sensation takes some getting used to if you are accustomed to a hard suction pump; parts are a little tricky at first to put together (BUT once you know how it is easy!)