The original stroller purchased from Amazon.com suffered the same issue as reviewed previously - a strong pull (in our case, to the left).  The pull occurred whether the front wheel was locked or not, and was extremely annoying even while walking on paved surfaces.Wheel Alignment 101:The issue is most definitely NOT caused by the front wheel itself, but rather a manufacturing defect in the frame of the stroller.  The front wheel pin attaches to a bracket that is welded to the frame.  This bracket was welded out of square, causing the pin to angle (substantially) to the right of the stroller.  The pin is unfortunately not adjustable, and this angle is transferred to the front wheel, causing it to push left while rolling.  Just like on a car, a cambered wheel will always cause a pull.Now the good news:I contacted BabyJogger and described the problem, and emailed them pictures of the disassembled stroller to explain what I thought was the cause.  The problem wasn't news to them, but it sounded like my suggestion to look at the wheel pin was.  They sent me a complete replacement the next week after verifying that the front pin was square to the frame on the new stroller.  The new stroller now rolls straight and true.There is still a small amount of turning play in the front wheel when locked.  This is necessary because it allows you to make small adjustments in the tracking of the stroller while running.  The important thing is that it does not PULL, which is caused by camber NOT a wobbling wheel.  Wheels that wobble slightly or are out of balance just cause vibration at high speeds.  And trust me... you don't run that fast.Taking all of this into context, we really do love this stroller.  It is extremely well made of high quality materials.  It is extremely maneuverable and easy to push.  The stroller holds more but folds smaller than our old clunky stroller, and we wish we knew about this one sooner.  It really is a very well engineered stroller and we are so glad our only complaint (the wheel pull) was resolved by their fantastic customer service.  I would have given this 5 stars if we didn't have to deal with warranty replacement.  Hopefully this is a production run issue and not a quality control issue.  Our first Summit 360 was built in Feb-09 while the second was built in May-09.