Despite the mixed reviews on this GroVia trainer, I actually like it. But my personal opinion is that it works well as a pull-on diaper (paired with the organic cotton booster), but maybe not so much as a trainer.After my son turned 2, he wouldn't stay still for us to change a diaper anymore. We decided to try potty training. He learned quite fast and can do very well at home already. For home, we use underwear-like training pants because they are the most comfortable and look like real underwear. But I also wanted to buy something waterproof and with snaps for outings and daycare. I searched extensively and found GroVia, Flip and Super Undies snap-on trainers to meet the criteria.Super Undies worked fine but was not leakproof with 1 insert. We didn't try Flip. GroVia turned out to work really well for us. My son hates diaper changes but wouldn't mind us putting the GroVia trainer on him (he's fine with pull-ons in general). So now it's easy to change him anywhere. And with the organic cotton boosters, the trainer can absorb one full pee and works like a pull-on cloth diaper. However, I'm not sure how helpful it is for potty training because my son hasn't succeeded outside of home yet. He always pees in it and tells us afterwards. I am glad the GroVia trainer provides the protection we need but also think that the diaper-like feel may be the reason why my son feels comfortable peeing in.In general, here are the pros and cons I observe:Pros:- very absorbent with 1 organic cotton insert (still has some absorbency without the insert but would leak a little bit that way)- snaps are convenient for #2 accidentsCons:- a bit tight (ok for my son but he's small at 24 lbs), wouldn't be very easy to pull up and down for bigger kids- the layer touching the skin is not made of natural fabricIn short, this can work well as a pull-on diaper if your kid resists lying down for diaper changing, or as an outing solution during the potty training phase. I wouldn't recommend this for potty training at home. (Instead, the underwear-like training pants such as Imse Vimse and Blueberry work really well for home.)