We are thrilled with this rear seat. This little seat was a snap to install, and has extended the life of our Joovy Caboose Ultralight stroller. My oldest child is 4 and a half years old and very tall, and he still eagerly climbs into the back of the Joovy, now that we have this seat.Our family has loved the Joovy Caboose Ultralight. It's great and relatively easy for one parent to fold up and open. At first, my son loved to sit on the rear facing bench seat that comes standard in the back of the Joovy. However, once the novelty wore off and he grew taller, he started to complain that he couldn't get comfortable (as he enviously eyed his two-year-old little sister chilling in her front seat). He would want to be carried instead, negating the whole purpose of the double stroller.The problem is this: the standard seat is small, it's not fixed in place (it can slide forward and backward - for easy access to the under-seat storage basket), and there's no back - it's literally a rectangle with a little padding - so there's no ability for a little guy or girl to recline.Since we wanted to use the stroller for an upcoming Disneyland trip, we were concerned. Enter this rear seat - Presto! Suddenly my son was able to relax, lean back, and enjoy life! And so could Mom and Dad. Once, after a long day at Disneyland, both kids even fell asleep sitting up in the Joovy as we pushed them back to the hotel. We have never taken this seat off - it is here to stay.Storage issue and how we solved it: Installing the seat meant that the under-seat storage disappeared, since that is where my son's feet go now. However, we solved this by buying some heavy-duty stroller hooks and we now hang tote bags from the handle to store what we would have placed under the seats. And it's easier to access our stuff this way. Before, we used to have to ask our son to get off the stroller so we could get at the under-seat storage.Messing with little sister issue and how we solved it: Now that my son could face forward, this meant he could now have easier access to hit his little sister's head/grab her hair or otherwise mess with her. We solved this problem by withholding treats/snacks in the stroller when he did not behave - a terrible fate.I just wish we had purchased this seat from the get-go. It would have saved my arms and my patience on many occasions!