Since I make our baby food at home and we travel a lot I was looking for containers that were safe for baby and would withstand the perils of travel. I looked around for baby food containers, even bought the Baby CubesTM 2 Oz. containers, but these came out as the winner.Why you want these:1. The screw on lids are great. They stay put on the bumpiest rides so there are no spills, plus it seals in the freshness.2. BPA free so you know its safe for baby, even if you want to pop it in the microwave.3. Great size. The 2oz mark is ideal for any baby. Use only once container of food if you baby is smaller, more than one if baby (and her appetite) is growing.4. You can use these to make fruit pops once baby has outgrown  baby food. Just fill with pureed fruit, stick an ice cream stick in the center, cut place holders to keep the sticks in place from cardboard and freeze for a healthy and delicious snack.5. You get 12 containers for a little under $10. One of the better priced products out there.Why it looses a star:1. Watch where you keep these in the freezer. If they drop out when they are full and frozen, they crack/break.2. If you cross the 2oz mark when filling these, your food will expand when frozen and the lid will open in the freezer.3. Not eligible for Super Free Shipping. How much you pay for shipping will depend on where you live.Tips:1. The best place to keep these are in the freezer door. That way they are at the right temperature and they will not fall and break when you open your freezer.2. If you intend to make all your baby food at home, save these for when you travel. For use at home, make your food in bulk and use your ice trays to freeze them. When frozen, pop them out and store in a Zip lock bag. Otherwise you will need about 40 containers just to store 2 types of baby food for two weeks.3. When stacking, make sure you pop these together when they are not frozen. They don't sit together well if they are frozen. They sit together fine even if they are cold just not frozen.4. If you must feed baby  in the car and are worried about spilling, you can use the lid as a base (pop the container into the lid) so that you have a wider base and the container will not tip over as easily.