I spent days reading reviews and trying to find a basic wood high chair, ideally one that could adjust and grow with our daughter.  I finally settled on the Keekaroo, despite some concerns that I read in some of the negative reviews.  So far, most of the negative comments that I read seem completely unwarranted so I just wanted to address those specifically:Loose Boards (seat or footrest):I don't know if Keekaroo has made changes in their Height Right chair over the last few years, but after setting our chair up there's no possible way the footrest or seat boards could ever come loose or fall out.  Yes, its true that they don't have any screws or bolts directly into them.  Instead, they are squeezed tight by the frame, but are very secure.  The black bar you see in the description photo (there are two bars total) actually squeezes the frame even tighter which allows you to really clamp it down on the footrest and seat boards.  Unless you fail to tighten it down or neglect to use the metal bars, nothing is budging on this thing!The Tray:Some people said the tray is cumbersome and requires full use of two hands to remove.  I found that the tray slides in and out quite easily.  There are latches on each side that you need to squeeze to take it off, but I simply unlatched one side at a time and was easily able to pull the tray off one-handed.Your Childs Stability:We bought this chair for our six-month old and made sure to get the one with the infant seat.  In my opinion, if your child is 1 year old or younger, you need the infant seat.  It really helps our daughter sit up straight, she doesn't slide or move around at all and she loves it!  Without the infant seat a young, smaller child would easily slide around and likely be very uncomfortable.  Also, the infant seat is secured in three ways.  It gets strapped to the metal bar beneath the seat board.  The back of it fits snugly underneath the backrest.  The bottom is secured to the seat boat with velcro.  This is extremely stable.Adjustments:To adjust the chair as your child grows, you just have to loosen (not disassemble) the screws on one side to slide the boards up and place higher or lower, then you just tighten it back down.  Very quick and simple.Additional Comments:Depending on how active your child is, it would be a good idea to put a folded blanket or cushion behind them.  While our daughter's head sits just above the backrest, she leaned back really fast and it made us nervous that she would hurt the back of her neck.Like you, I really rely on reviews for most of my purchases and unfortunately I feel like some of the negative reviews on this chair seem to be the result of user error or false expectations (it's not a big disposable piece of plastic).  My wife and I are very pleased with it.