I came online trying to see if I could order another receiver for our monitor because we hate trying to remember to bring ours upstairs and downstairs each morning and night.  I was surprised to see how many people have had problems with this product.  We got ours just after our daughter was born and we chose this one because it was cheap and had the light feature as well which we thought would be great.  The only thing that I wish we had done differently is to buy the one with the dual monitors so that we would have two portable units.  When we first bought it we lived in a one story apartment and we didn't think we would need it as much, but we have relocated to a two story townhouse and now I have to remember to move it upstairs and downstairs.I will say that the battery life is very short IMO which is why I am looking for another unit so that we can just keep them plugged in.  That is really the only problem that we have had with it though.  I have found it to be very sensitive.  I can hear her rolling around in her crib and I can hear the slightest whimper.  I rarely turn the volume past the first level because I can hear her with no problem even on that setting.  The lights also seem to be quite sensitive.  The only time that we had a problem with the lights going off when she wasn't crying was when our cat got shut in the nursery by mistake and was meowing to get out and the lights went up to full. :)  We basically use the lights as an indicator.  If the lights start to flash then we turn up the volume to see what is going on.  It works very well for us.We have not had many problems with static.  When we used it at my parents' house there were some static issues but I think that may be because the receiver had to be placed next to a computer with a wireless router.  While it was annoying and I can understand being frustrated if that was going on all the time, it hasn't even happened that way each time we used it in that room.  It was only once or twice.  We never have any problems with it in our house.I guess the bottom line is that if you are looking for something inexpensive, I would still give this product a try.  It could work as great for you as it did for us and if it doesn't then keep the box for a week or two just in case and you can easily return it if it doesn't work out.  We really have been very happy with it.  I do recommend getting the dual monitors though.