I bought this before my twins were born. They turned out to be extremely bald, blonde babies, so the brushes havent really been useful just yet.However, I spent money on a "fancy" nail clipper thinking that maybe the one in this kit wouldn't be quite sturdy enough to hold up. I WAS SO WRONG! In fact, that "fancy" nail clipper I bought broke in two pieces after the 3rd use. This clipper has lasted 9 months and is still going. it's nice and compact. it's easy to use and I really like it. In fact, if I ever lose it or it stops working I will probably go out and try to find the same clipper outside of this grooming kit. It works that well.The nail files were SO handy when they were first born because newborn nails are REALLY hard to trim. I would file their nails after they fell asleep and they did the job perfectly in those early days when I didn't dare cut their nails. A mom had suggested to me "just biting them off" because it's easy and that way the nail trimmers wont cut them, but I just couldn't stand the idea of biting their nails. Actually their fingers were so tiny I dont even know how people can actually do that. So the files work great...better than biting and better than clipping in the early days.The thermometer worked as it should. Nothing fancy, but it worked as intended.My kids would NOT let me come near them with the bulb syringe for boogers, so we actually bought the automatic one made by graco (which I highly recommend for all new moms out there.) However, the bulb did end up being a great back up and when they caught a cold we were able to use a little saline drops to loosen up things (per doctors suggestion) and we wouldn't have been able to do it without the bulb.I haven't actually needed to use any of the medicine dispensers so far, but I'm sure they will work as intended.ALSO, the case it comes in is really GREAT. Surprisingly holds up well, so for traveling with items its really perfect. Would be great in a car with bandaids and other things kids need sometimes. My boys pull it off the shelf and bang it around. It doesn't burst open and has stood up to their wild ways. So even the case is a good buy!!!Overall, I would recommend this as a great starter kit. Perfect shower gift. Easier than buying everything individually and great quality items!