I literally could not pump as quickly or easily as I do at work without this bra. I have one that I keep in my pumping bag and just wash every weekend and return on Sunday night for the week.A couple things to know/keep in mind:1. For those who don't realize- everyone I know who has this does not wear it as a stand alone bra. I wear my nursing bra every day. Then when I need to pump at work I put this on over my nursing bra with the 'flaps' of the nursing bra positioned down. Once done pumping I take it off.2. Sizing- it may seem weird that it can fit so many sizes but it is accurate. Between the extra zippered piece and the extenders this really fits all sizes.3. Effectiveness- I pump three times a day Monday-Friday while I'm at work. It allows me to use the double pump and is really hands free. I typically hold the pump to me for the first few seconds of suction and then let go. Then I have both hands free to do whatever- including checking email, making phone calls, etc.4. Longevity- this is well made, no question. It is not thin material but instead nice quality material that you can tell will continue to hold up well.5. Coupon code- as one reviewer pointed out. Yes, when you receive the product there is a request for reviews on Amazon and if you do they will give you a few dollars off a second one. Here's the thing- it's a great product and I know lots of moms who use this product every day who love it and none of us have ever bought a second one using a coupon code or given reviews because of pressure due to a coupon code.6. Compatibility- this will work with any breast pump that has flanges that can be placed in the bra- whether double, single, electric or hand. I have an Ameda Purely Yours double electric but I know several others who have Madela's and everything fits.7. One gotcha- when using this make sure that you center the flange on yourself and that you feel the suction. I would recommend first pumping WITHOUT the bra to see how it feels. Then put the bra on and pump. The reason I say this is because if you don't have it centered and in securely the pump itself can break suction resulting is a loss of effective pumping. It also gives you an idea of exactly how large you need the bra and where the openings should be on you in order to hold your pump.8. Number needed- I have one. I use it five days a week and don't feel the need to have numerous ones. Since it isn't worn for as long as a normal bra or in the same way by no means do I feel the need to have multiple. I know it's not the cheapest product considering you probably just bought nursing bras, breast pads, a pump, and everything else your baby needs but don't feel like you need multiple to get the benefit.Overall this should be in every mom's pumping bag as it makes pumping as easy as it could possible be. I highly recommend this product!