This is our third AngelCare Monitor set, but our first of the new improved version. All components are backwards compatible, and the only real difference is that the pad cables have long, stiff plastic covers to prevent any possibility of strangulation. Frankly, this seems like an unnecessary addition, as if you follow the installation instructions correctly you will route the cables away from baby, eliminating the risk. We always took this one step further and tied off the cable around one of the crib slats, just in case someone pulled it out accidentally.This product is fantastically engineered and works exactly as designed and advertised. If it isn't performing then please read the manual and figure out the problem with your installation, because even though this technology works like magic, it isn't. Complaints against this monitor should be viewed through the same lens as any complaints against technology, 99% user error 1% product, as it does require either some understanding of the technology or proper review of the installation manual. For our part, this unit performs to such an amazing level, and is such a great value at $115, that I purchased 2 of the units for a total of 4 pads, 2 nursery units, and 2 parents units.Our baby sleeps in a bassinet, crib, and portable play-yard. The bassinet is not large enough for both pads, so I only installed the primary pad. The bassinet has only a very thin little mattress pad which, compared to a crib, provides very little dampening between the baby and the pad. As such, the installation required that I set the unit to the very lowest sensitivity (Lower sensitivity setting = more sensitive to stoppage of movement = greater protection [bigger movements required to activate = more likely to give false alarm]).I tested the unit at the lowest sensitivity setting in this installation and found the following: 1.) Dynamic movement is required, dead weight on the sensor pad will not register as movement, placing dead weight or pushing down on the pad will not register as movement (tried to prevent unit from alarming after picking up baby); 2.) Unit sensitivity registers chest movement (BREATHING), not just shifting of the limbs or torso, and is sensitive enough that I could see movement register when I would lean near the mattress pad and moderately blow on it (You can see movement register on the parents unit). 3.) External vibration does not easily activate the unit, as it appears the upper and lower portions of the sensor pad then move together. Our bassinet has a vibration function and while it vibrates the entire bassinet, it will not activate the sensor (removed baby and alarm sounded). I had to stomp my foot on the floor in order to generate enough external shock to activate the sensor.I had been skeptical of these types of products due to some serious criticism in magazine articles and online reviews. It seems that the overall position taken by the media and the medical community is that these monitors do nothing but capitalize and profit off of parents nearly palpable fear of SIDS. As another reviewer states, it seems that the overall mentality regarding SIDS is that there is absolutely nothing to be done regarding prevention, that SIDS is a complete mystery, and that you are foolish to spend any money on prevention.While I agree that some things are simply out of an individuals hands and cannot be prevented, I feel that this Luddite attitude regarding SIDS prevention technology completely disregards the advances made in preventing sudden death in adults. The Automatic Electronic Defibrillator, for example, has been such a huge success that it is nearly impossible to find a public location without one mounted on a wall, and all commercial flights are equipped with the device. Additionally, Sleep Apnea monitors are widely utilized in diagnosing cessation of breathing during sleep in adults and, as another reviewer states, are utilized as a standard practice in hospitals when dealing with prematurely delivered babies (and in my experience are loaned to parents of premis in order to monitor their infants at home, in the same fashion as the Angelcare monitor).I have not read any technical literature, or performed any destructive testing, regarding the mechanisms functioning within the monitor pad nor the programming within the base units, but I'm fairly certain that these monitors utilize the exact same technology that you would find in either a digital scale or the Balance Board on a Nintendo Wii (Strain Gauges or "pressure sensors"). The sensor pad has a single sensor in the center of the pad, and has 4 springs (one in each corner) between the upper and lower sections of the pad. These springs allow the upper section 360 degree freedom of movement along the horizontal plane, constrained by the center axis.My assumption is that as movement is transferred into the upper section, the change in position of the strain gauge results in variation of the voltage detected by the base unit. As long as this voltage continues to vary, movement is registered, when the voltage becomes constant, movement has stopped. As such, it would be extremely critical for the upper portion of the sensor pad to move completely independently of the lower portion. This is why it is necessary to ensure that the sensor pad is positioned on a hard, flat surface (really no different from the Wii Balance Board, which provides extension feet in order to properly operate in thick carpet).The engineering of this unit is really going to be limited only by the constraints of the general consumer market. A unit could be developed to work in any position or any material, simply by designing a different mounting apparatus or case for the strain gauge, but this would be rather impractical and it makes much more sense simply to design for a hard-flat surface which is available underneath most crib mattresses and which is very easily provided with a thin piece of masonite or plywood. As such, I feel the complaints regarding this requirement are rather ill-formed and do not consider the highly undesireable design elements that would be required in order to allow a non-flat surface to be utilized (such as making the sensor pad the size of a Wii Balance Board).Overall, I don't see any other technology or product that could accomplish what this unit does at this price point. I'm sure that a highly advanced optical monitor, or a medical monitor measuring vital statistics, would be more accurate and less likely to false-alarm or falsely read movement, but for the average household to invest the money into one of these technologies WOULD be the fear-monger profiteering that is so often levied at products like the Angelcare monitor. Bottom line, the monitor works great and we feel strongly enough about it that we have outfitted with sensor pads all of the sleeping areas in our home that will properly accept them.It would be awful were something to happen even with the monitor pads, and if the monitor pads malfunctioned I would certainly feel I had misplaced my trust in a poorly made product, but this technology is the only practical way to monitor your baby without bankrupting yourself or driving yourself insane with worry. The technology and concepts are sound and good, the only issue is the quality of the materials and implementation, and it appears so far that these are sound and good as well.