First, let me say that I NEVER write reviews, even though I buy just about everything from Amazon. I first purchased a Rainforest Healthy Care High Chair in 2006 for my first child. I loved it then. It was well constructed, easy to assemble, and had all the features I wanted: easy to clean seat pad, one-hand tray removal, reclining seat back, and multiple height adjustments. In addition to all that, it held up to the rigors of 4 years of use with an incredibly active child. The only reason I got rid of our first chair was because we didn't anticipate having more children, and when I gave it away it was still in nearly new condition because it was that well constructed (and because I cared for it meticulously). Fast forward 8 years and I was shopping for a high chair once again. I was thrilled to discover this chair is still manufactured by Fisher-Price. I shopped around to see what else was out there, and not one chair even came close to this one (not Graco, Chicco, Peg Perego, etc.). While reading the reviews to confirm that the newest model of this chair still held up to the same standard as the first, I was baffled by some of the negative comments, and I think they should be addressed now that I have purchased the newest model.1. People have complained that it's difficult to assemble. This could not be further from the truth. I have smaller and weaker than average hands and had no problem putting this together by myself. I spent less than half an hour on assembly. Furthermore, the second time I bought this chair, I bought it second-hand. I disassembled the entire chair (even the parts that arrive assembled from the manufacturer) so that I could clean it. I still had no trouble reassembling the chair, even the parts for which there were no instructions. I think you have to be really dense or just terrible at assembling things in order to have trouble with this chair. In either case, the issue would be with the person assembling it and not with the actual chair or assembly.2. Similar to this complaint is that it has "too many" screws. The chair has 15 screws. People who think that's too many to secure a product with the features of this one would be the first to complain that a product was not sturdy enough or that it failed to support their child. Here's the breakdown of the location/purpose for the screws: 4 total screws secure the bottom leg portions that contain the wheels to the straight leg portions; 2 screws secure the footrest to the bottom of the seat; 4 total screws secure the seat to the 2 poles that support your child's weight; 4 total screws secure these poles to the sliding mechanisms that allow you to adjust the seat height; 1 screw is used to keep the pin that allows the seat back to recline secure. There are other screws in the product, but the 15 I mentioned are the only ones the consumer has to install. All the others are installed at the factory.3. Some have complained about having to slide the tray all the way off to remove it instead of being able to lift it straight off. This is also user error. The tray comes with a front button that allows you to adjust or remove the tray with one hand. It ALSO comes with two release buttons on the bottom sides of the tray that are intended to be used when you remove the tray in the traditional two-hand method. Removing the tray this way permits you to lift it directly off the chair rather than sliding it.4. People have complained about food getting stuck between the seat pad and chair. You're feeding a child. Children are messy. The chair is not liable for the fact that you have a tiny human sitting in it, and that tiny human happens to be practicing fine motor skills on food. No matter what chair you buy, food is going to get on its parts. Even if it didn't get between the pad and seat, it would get SOMEWHERE that you'd have to clean. Stop complaining and take the (easily removable) pad off the chair and clean it. It's not that difficult.5. People have complained that you have to remove the smaller inner tray in order to use the toy. The inner tray is removable so that you can put it in the dishwasher after your child has made a mess on it. Your child shouldn't be eating AND playing with the toy simultaneously anyway, so I don't understand why this is a complaint. The chair is functioning in the way it was designed.6. Here's what I consider the most ridiculous complaint: It's too bright, too childish, too whatever means it doesn't "fit in" with your decor or lifestyle. It's for a child. If you're complaining about a high chair messing with your design aesthetic, you might want to reconsider this whole parenting thing, especially considering that the colors and contrast of the pad are consistent with an infant/small child's developing vision. In other words, it's designed to aid in and appeal to your child's developing visual sense and interest. You don't buy your couch based on your child's interests, and you shouldn't buy children's products according to adult sensibilities.I really can't think of a negative thing about this chair. I guess it would be nice if it retailed for less than $100, but most other chairs are around the same price point. It seems that most of the negative reviews are a result of the person either not understanding the purpose and function of the chair or just having wildly unrealistic expectations of the product.