I have cloth diaper my triplets since they could fit into cloth diapers (around 2 months old).  When my girls turned 9 months, they began leaking through their nighttime diapers, so I ordered several different kinds of diapers to try out at night for them.  This diaper, by far, is my FAVORITE diaper!!  I comes with two relatively thin inserts for the pockets that work wonderfully!  The first night I used this diaper I had ZERO leaks (and my girls sleep for 12-13 hours every night)!!  I was thrilled!  Out of all the diapers that I ordered there were only 2 that didn't leak, and this was one of the two!  (Bumkins Fitted Diaper with a diaper cover was the other one; but I didn't like how tight I had to make the cover in order to prevent nighttime leaks.)  This diaper worked on every baby I used it on, and it worked every night that I used it!  I loved it so much I decided to replace my entire stash of diapers with the Kawaii Baby Good Night Heavy Wetter diapers!That being said, I quickly discovered that these diapers are very overpriced on Amazon.  If you go to the Kawaii Baby website, they are practically HALF the cost on there ($7.75)!!  And they run weekly specials.  I was able to order 48 diapers on their website while they were on sale, cutting the price per diaper (each with 2 inserts) to only $5 per diaper!After my 48 diapers arrived, I began using them during the day as well, and I can't say enough good things about them!  They have adjustable leg holes, which is wonderful for my three little ones, since they each vary in size.  LOL  And the diapers fit wonderfully on each of their bodies.  We have ZERO leaks with these diapers, and NO poopy blowouts either!  Because the inserts are pretty thin, the diapers fit relatively trim on my girls as well.  They also have a higher rise than other diapers, which I prefer since it helps to prevent leaks & blowouts.  Another wonderful feature is that on the inside top front of the diaper, there is about an inch of waterproof material.  Since it is on the INSIDE of the diaper, when the girls' leggins or tights fall into the top of the diaper (which they do once the girls are wearing them for some time), the diapers still don't leak.I just LOVE these diapers and would recommend them to EVERYONE!!!  They work soooo well, and are of a higher quality construction, so I know these will last till my girlies are all potty trained.  They turned out to be cheaper than a lot of other cloth diaper brands, and have worked better for me than any other brands!  And as an added bonus, they come in some pretty cute designs too!