Works well.  It opens easily, and closing isn't very hard.  Best of all, my wife likes it.  It's not very rigid as others have stated, but it will hold up well for general use.  No I don't think if you ran straight into it that it would hold up, but I think it would take significant force for this gate to collapse, at least for the amount of overlap I have left in the gate.Installation is easy, and you CAN get by with minimal measuring if you follow these steps:1. Determine the general height and location for the hinge side.  I did this by holding the TOP hinge mount bracket and gate by hand while determining where I wanted it to hang (it's important to start with the top for step 3 to work).  I then marked the top edge of it with a pencil.2. Remove gate and hold bracket back in place using the mark you just made.  Now mark the top and bottom screw holes.  Remove bracket, predrill top/bottom holes, then screw bracket in place.3. To complete the bottom hinge bracket, let the gate hang from the top bracket you just mounted.  Gravity will hold it in place if it's perpendicular to the wall.  Put the bottom bracket on the hinge and you'll find that the gate also will hold this in place temporarily.  Measure the first hinge horizontal location from a reference point and make sure the bottom one is in the same postion (or you could use a level if you want).  Mark top or bottom, remove gate, mark holes, drill, mount the same as above.4. For the other side, now put the gate in place again and start with the bottom mount.  The gate will sag a bit, so just put the mount in place on the gate and while holding it against the wall, move it up about 1/4" and mark this location.  This will hold the gate well, but also leave enough vertical give that it will be easy to open the gate.  Move gate out of way, mark holes, drill, mount as above.5. For the last mount, it's just like doing the bottom hinge mount (measure horizontal position again).  Then you're done.  Celebrate, because you only had to make 2 measurements!I haven't bothered to fix the gate width with zip ties since it doesn't seem to be that hard to readjust.