I bought this in combination with the Combi Jogging Stroller as a system.  Overall, I like this "travel system" better than the Graco Snugride travel system I also own:PROS:1.  Slightly wider than other seats on the market, great for larger babies like mine who is 17 pounds at 12weeks.2.  The seat is longer than the average seat so my gigantor baby's feet don't hang over the edge. (There is a downside to this see cons)3.  The seat belt system to get it into the car is by far superior to any other seat we have ever owned; both LATCH and just using the regular seat belt (we have owned 2 Graco systems and an Evenflo in the past)4.  The base has a compartment where you can store all your manuals and extra belts so nothing gets lost.5.  The 5 point harness is excellent.6.  The infant insert, belt pads, and internal belt system is excellent (nicely padded, a lot more cushy than any others I have seen or owned).  I like the locking mechanism on the harness much better than my Graco...feels much more secure.  The design for the harness lock eliminates the chance that only one side of the lock gets locked.7.  The basic grey color goes much nicer with my car's interior than the frufy patterns out there there days (who isn't sick of blue and yellow!)CONS:1.  It's slightly bigger (longer/wider) so takes up a little more room in your average sedan than normal (which is comparable to the larger Evenflo system) If you have a smaller car check the measurements before buying.2. The hood is slightly flimsy and snaps on with one snap on each side.  One snap broke on mine (slipped out of the fabric) contacted Combi for hood replacement.  HOWEVER it would be easily solved by adding a velcro piece on each side which I have done in the meantime.3.  The carseat is sometimes difficult to remove from the base.  There seems to be no rhyme or reason as to why that is but it comes out eventually. HOWEVER, a car seat that is a little more difficult getting out of the base makes me feel more secure that it wouldn't accidentally dislodge in an accident.Overall, I give this 4.5 out of 5...but Amazon doesn't let you give out half points!  LOL.