I waited until my daughter was six months old and I was taking a cross county flight before I purchased a diaper bag.  I am so glad I waited, because I knew exactly what features I wanted in a bag, and this one had them all.  First, it had to be able to fit my laptop.  Second, it had to be roomy but not bulky.  Third, I wanted a bag I could carry as a backpack but also as a messenger bag.  Fourth, I wanted a dedicated 'parent' pouch to store my wallet/phone/etc.  Finally, I wanted a something well constructed and heavy duty, but I didn't want to pay an arm and a leg.This bag met all of these requirements beautifully and had several features and accessories that I wasn't even looking for but now love.  First, it can be worn as a very comfy backpack - I've worn it for extended periods of time in airports and out on strolls and sometimes I even forget I have it on.  It is so nice to be able to keep your hands free when traveling with a baby.  I usually put my laptop in the interior pocket meant for the changing pad and put the pad in the external space that can be used to tuck the should straps away.  Doing so offers extra padding and keeps my laptop safely zipped into the bag.  The bag also came with stroller hooks which I use all the time, and a bottle cooler bag - awesome.  The water bottle pockets and exterior pockets are well placed and roomy, but things stay in them.  For the price I have seen nothing comparable to this bag, and this bag's construction is very high-quality.  It is durable and stain resistant, the stitching is good - it feels like it will last through multiple kids.  The only things I would change - first, I would have added feet/rubber bottom so the bag doesn't have to sit directly on the ground.  With the yellow color I foresee the bottom being dirtied fairly quickly (though this hasn't been a problem yet).  That's minor.  Second, I would have made the backpack shoulder strap design a little different so that the back pouch that they tuck into when not in use can be zipped closed when they are out (so it can also be used as secure storage).  However, these are both minor things.Multiple people have commented on my bag and I tell them I love it.  I've carried it on three cross-continental flights, through multiple cities, and my nanny uses it on a daily basis - we both love it.  I highly recommend this bag as a functional and well-priced piece of essential baby gear for moms and dad who travel and need to bring their own gear (like laptops!).