Our family travels at least one weekend per month and two vacations per year.  Our child has always struggled to sleep soundly away from her bed at home.  The pack-and-play that we have used since she was born has served its purpose for naps and nighttime but is not a good solution for more than one night away from home.  90% of the time, she would wake up and want to sleep in our bed because it was uncomfortable.  We tried new sheets, new mattress, and even purchased a twin size egg crate foam mattress pad and cut it to size.  Nothing worked.We recently switched her from a crib to a toddler bed and potty trained within a month, (what were we thinking??) and needed something that we could take on the road when we visit family, go on vacation, or have company ourselves.The Shrunks Sleepover Kid's Travel Bed was an excellent purchase!  One might argue that you could get away with just purchasing a twin sized air mattress for less than half the price, but you get what you pay for!  This mattress comes with a small electric air pump with a deflation feature.Set up is a breeze, and takes less than 5 minutes from taking it out of the travel bag (included) to putting on bed sheets (not included).  The directions are very simple as it says directly on the mattress which part to inflate first.  The two parts that are to be inflated are the mattress itself and the outside bumpers (great for a child that is sleeping in a bed with railings at home).Disassembly is tough for any air mattress, but it seems to be a little tougher with this unit.  You must inflate both parts and do your best to get any remaining air out of the mattress before you put it back in the travel bag.  The bag itself needs to be a little larger with a separate area for your pump so you don't forget it.Quality:  5 Stars!!  It is very well made!  Our daughter sleeps better on this airbed than she does her own bed at home.Price:  3 Stars  It is pricey, but you get what you pay for.Design:  4 Stars  It is easy to get out of for a toddler, and still secure so they won't fall out.  The travel bag needs to be larger and have a separate  pocket for the supplied pump.