I previously ordered the Cloud B  Ladybug and left a review for that.  Was not happy with that at all.  I decided to try again and found this item on Amazon.  Summer Infant Slumber Buddies Frog.I am much more impressed with this item for a few reasons.With this Frog, there are three sound levels.  Very low, medium and louder, operated by a switch in the back under velcro.  You can use this for either the heart wooshing, nature sounds or the music.First, it plays music. There are four different song choices, music, (not singing).  Everybody has their own preference, so I am sure some will like one song and some will like others.Second, it plays two different nature sounds.  OCEAN WAVES or the BABBLING STREAM w/ BIRDS.  Personally, I like the stream w/ birds.It also has a heartbeat sound.  Sort of like a woosh woosh.  I don't care for it but some might.Reason for four stars instead of five -- Music sounds like it has a little bit of static in background, not much, but a little.  Wish it had a couple of more nature sounds and wish it had more than two lights.  This is all nitpicking, just stating my reason.There may be others out there of different brands, but I'm happy with this one and so are the kids.So you have a choice of lights only, lights with heartbeat, or lights with music, or lights with nature sounds, or heartbeat only, or music only, or nature sounds only.It gives you three different colored lights, except I can only tell the difference between two.  If you click once you get blue, second time it is red and to me, click again it is blue, click fourth time, lights off. (same as the CloudB, and please note the CloudB ladybug had no music or sounds).  Sorry, this review will seem like I am only comparing the two, and that is exactly what I am doing.Take the information and make your own conclusions based on reviews and your own research.To get the music or nature sounds click on the musical notes and keep clicking until you get the one you want.  Keep clicking and it continues through the sequence again.Back is hard plastic, rest of body soft.  Small to medium size.This really is adorable and I wouldn't hesitate to buy one for a gift.Hope this helps.