I never write reviews, however, when trying to purchase a jogger, I couldn't find enough info on the Summit X3.  So here goes....We were torn between the Summit X3 and the BOB Revolution.  We do a ton of camping, and the campgrounds are very uneven gravel, also my hubby is a marathon runner - and fast.  He ran 5 full marathons last year (crazy I know).  Anyway, we definately needed a jogger but couldn't figure out which was best for our needs.  We needed the fixed front wheel, but I needed it to lock and unlock depending on what I was using it for, since I knew I wouldn't use it running.Anyway, found a store locally that carries both strollers, and we were able to compare side by side.The Summit X3 pushes like a dream, the quality is amazing, and the stroller is beautiful and very well finished.  The Revolution was very rough around the edges, seat material very rough and scratchy, the seat had no support in back and simply did not push as well as the Summit X3.The sunshade.  The Summit sunshade covers everything.  It is huge with all kinds of awesome little flaps you can open and close depending on location of the sun, do I need to allow a breeze inside etc.  The Revolution sunshade is very small in comparison to the Summit, and not nearly as nice.The fold on the Summit is awesome, easy, simple and one handed.  The Revolution fold is cumbersome and annoying.  I found myself wanting to swear in the store when trying to fold the Revolution.The little side lever to lock and unlock the front wheel on the Summit is wonderful.  It is so quick to do without even stopping the stroller, and my hands don't get dirty :)We put my 8 year old in both strollers - she fit very well in the Summit X3, did not fit at all in the Revolution.  My hubby ran around the parking lot with her in both strollers and he said the Summit was so much easier to maneuver than the Revolution.The basket on the Summit X3 is actually usable, and I can get a ton of stuff in there.  This is awesome for camping when we take all 3 kiddos down to the pool and cram diaper bag, towels, snacks, and swim covers in it.  The Revolution basket is much smaller, I could hardly get my slim diaper bag in it.The suspension  on the X3 is awesome, and my 4 month old simply falls right to sleep on the bumpy campground roads.We liked that we would have the option of attaching an infant car seat to the Summit X3, but then we never did that.  My daughter was so comfortable in it without the car seat that we just placed her in it alone since 3 weeks old and she has always loved the stroller.Overall both the Summit X3 and Revolution are great joggers I'm sure, however, the Summit is like jogging with a Porsche - whereas the Revolution is like jogging with a Kia.  Also, the everyday features of the Summit have made this functional for so many other everyday uses.The stroller is a bit big for taking to the mall (as is any jogger) - so I do plan to purchase a smaller stroller such as a McClaren for short shopping trips.BTW, I have a good friend who has loved her BOB Revolution - she told me there was no way the Summit was nicer.  I  just let her borrow the Summit for the weekend and she just listed her Revolution for sale.  She plans to replace it with the Summit X3 :)