After reading and watching countless stroller reviews, we settled on the Baby Jogger City Select (BJCS).  We have 2 boys, 4 months apart, so we needed essentially a stroller for twins.  For comparison's sake, we've been using a 7 year old Bugaboo Frog and a Graco snap n go.  Of the strollers we considered, only the UppaBaby and the Britax B-Ready were available in town to test.  The Phil & Ted's explorer and BJCS were unavailable even though we live in PDX and you would think this city is big enough.  We settled right off the bat on an in-line tandem.  Side by sides are just too obnoxious.  If you're on the road in a quiet neighborhood or out in the open, it's fine.  But if you're on a sidewalk or a path, you force everyone to get out of your way.Minuses First:EXPENSIVE.  Everyone's comments were spot-on.  Everything's a la carte and pricier than the competition.  And if you want to take advantage of the flexibility of the travel system (car seat adapter) and a second seat, you have to go ahead and buy the second seat to get the second seat adapters.  So your upfront investment is large.BIG.  While it is an in-line tandem, the price you pay for it's flexibility is the fact that one kid is centered over the front wheels.  All the other inlines put both kids within the wheelbase of the stroller.  So while the overall length of the stroller in single position is about the same as all the others, with the second seat, that kid is out front making the stroller almost a foot longer than the stroller length.  Some of the comments we saw are that the stroller is hard to steer with the heavy kid up front.  That's definitely true given the fact that pure physics dictates that with the kid's weight out over the front wheels, it's hard to pivot.  It's definitely not a deal breaker.  Any stroller with two kids is going to be hard to pivot on a dime.  And the weight over the front wheels also makes it harder to pop a wheelie and get it over a curb.  Fortunately, we're two dads and we're both easily strong enough to do that.  You simply put your foot on the back axle and tilt the stroller up.Car Seat adapter.  Awful quality and design in stark contrast to something like the Bugaboo's travel system.  The Bugaboo is a simple drop in, click, and then click the car seat right in.  Because they are trying to be Universal, it isn't ideal for any single brand.  Our Graco Snugride fits and is safe, but it's wobbly.  Putting the adapter in place also works, but it's just not as simple as the Bugaboo's drop in.  It takes two hands, you have to align each side (right and left) and then put a strap over the top.  It feels like a cheap shortcut.Positives:QUALITY.  The stroller exudes quality.  It's polished, solid, and rolls smoothly over all surfaces.  It is easy to put together in < 5 minutes, and you can take it apart equally fast for travel.  Everything snaps or clicks into place with a solid thunk.  Everything fits together well and there are no rattles.  The Quartz fabric feels durable and hides dirt well.  The aluminum and the canvas and the wheels are all of high quality and feel bullet-proof.  The price for the stroller itself is probably appropriate and commensurate to its competition.Configurations.  With two boys so close in age, we figured that there will be the inevitable fighting and kicking, but also hopefully peaceful and loving playtime.  So the big attraction of the BJCS was the ability to put them facing together when they're good.  Or we can put them facing apart or both forward on the rare occasion that they aren't the perfect little angels we expect them to be.  The other inlines have one kid sitting below and behind the other.  We didn't want one kid to always feel he was getting a second-class seat without a view.  We also saw that configuration as an invitation for one kid to kick the other.  At least that would be what I would have done to my sibling at that age.Cargo.  Because of the way this stroller puts the second kid out front instead of down and behind, the entire storage basket is available for use.  It's huge.  You can fit a large diaper bag, a big purse (auntie's, not the dads'), and coats and sweaters from all the adults that are getting hot and sweaty pushing nearly 60 lbs. up a hill.  This basket holds everything you would want on a stroll or trip.  It's very useful for shopping trips and walking around all day because it carries so much and that you don't have to on your shoulders or back.OVERALL.  For our situation with two kids close in age, this stroller seemed ideal and it has lived up to its expectations.  It is not as maneuverable as our Bugaboo but it's head and shoulders better than a normal tandem.  It beats a side-by-side stroller for overall utility.  If your kids aren't going to be as close in age, the other inlines are going to be more maneuverable simply because all the weight is within the wheelbase of the stroller.  The downsides of those strollers are that you give up the storage basket and the one kid sits down and behind.