What this cradle is:1. Fairly compact and easy to move around a single floor due to the casters and light weight. Our bedrooms are on a carpeted floor, which I feel is the ideal surface for this cradle. The casters can be locked but on carpets we do not feel it is required. We move this cradle every day between the night time location and daytime storage location without issue.2. Made of real wood, not particle board. It is a good looking cradle, which looks much better than many sleepers that look like they came from a toy store.3. Easy to rock, although see my observation below regarding the rocking.4. Functional, our child sleeps in this cradle every night right now.5. Inexpensive.Let us cover what this cradle is not:1. Heirloom-grade cradle that you will pass down through the generations. This cradle will survive a few children in a single house or perhaps one move, not fifteen kids over 200 years. If you want that, look at a higher price point.2. A rocking cradle dream. It does rock but that is not a major selling point for me and should not be the primary reason you purchase this cradle (explained below).3. A cradle you will use until your child is 30+ pounds. If you child is mobile, you should be done with this cradle.Observations/Improvement areas:1. This cradle is not built to be bomb-proof, if you are wheeling it around often, there is quite a bit of flex in the frame. I know I could break it if I tried but it is not flimsy enough that I am worried about my infant sleeping in it daily. By the time my child can crawl, we will be done with this cradle. If we were planning on having a second child, I would also keep it for that child (I do feel it will survive two kids if cared for).2. The included mattress is serviceable but not good. Other folks recommended a mattress pad and sheets, which we still were unhappy with. At the end of the day, I measured the internal dimensions and ordered a good quality mattress from Amazon with the dimensions 18"x36"x2" (from American Closeouts) and fitted sheets. As a bonus - the other mattress I ordered fits inside of the cradle snugly, rather than having an inch+ of play on the sides for the included pad.3. The cradle mounts to the frame using two points, which is also how rocking is performed. Anytime you are not actively rocking the cradle, the lock pin should be in place, preventing rocking. If rocking is a major activity for you and you do not want to have to put the lock pin back in place after each rocking session, then you should look for a cradle that has a different rocking mechanism. For us, I thought it would be a major focus but has turned out to be a non-issue since she is usually asleep or close to asleep by the time we lay her in it.4. The casters can be accidentally locked, which I can see shortening the cradle's life if not unlocked prior to movement (due to the strain on the frame while dragging it around), especially if the baby is inside.In summary, this is a cradle for someone looking for a good looking piece of furniture at a great price, which will service your child for the first several months and provide an easy-to-move place to sleep. We're quite happy with the purchase.