Here is the journey I took to finally pick a bleeping "Lightweight Stroller"...Let me start off by telling you I own a Chicco Cortina stroller/travel system.  After having my 4th child, I was DONE with how heavy and bulky that stroller is (23-24lbs).  A recent trip to Disneyland confirmed to me that I needed something more light weight and that took up less room in the car and that folded easier.  I hadn't bought a new stroller in 4 years since baby #3 and the Cortina.  I jumped online and thus began my 2 month stroller review/research/driving my husband insane period.  I had NO IDEA there were this many types of strollers, makes and models.  It was soooo confusing.  I came from having my first child 11 years ago where there was only Graco and Evenflo to choose from and now it's all these crazy names like Buggaboo and Orbit and Stokke and Uppababy, Mamas and Papas etc, etc.So I would like to share my knowledge with you so maybe I can save you endless hours watching Youtube videos and scouring Amazon reviews and walking the aisles of Babies R Us and Buy Buy Baby to no avail.Let me say that you really should touch, move, and play with a stroller before you buy it.  Before I finally decided on the Snap I had about 4 other "almost the one" moments by reading reviews and watching videos.  But once I actually TOUCHED and FELT a lot of these strollers, it was back to square one.Ok, so here is what I wanted and why the Snap 4 finally won our dollars:Lightweight-It's less than 15 lbs.  And it FEELS like less than 15 lbs.  The City Mini was a high contender with me, but I hate 3 wheel styles and wanted the City Mini 4 wheel which is 19 lbs and that sucker is HEAVY when folded.  Something I wouldn't have discovered if I had just bought online with out trying in store.Folds compact-easy two step/one handed fold.  What that means is that you have to do two things to get it folded, but you can literally use one hand to do both.  First press a gray button, then squeeze the trigger on the handle and it folds onto itself.  The fold is even better than the City Mini because it folds with the seat on the inside, meaning the seat is protected from getting dirty while folded and the City Mini folds outside and the seat is exposed to everything once it's folded.Needs 4 Wheels-Yup, it has that.  The snap also has a 3 wheel version but like I mentioned before, I just don't like 3 wheels.  They seem unsteady to me when turning.  It could just be a bias of mine.  But if you do like 3 wheels, the original Snap is even lighter than the Snap 4 at only 13lbs.Had to have a large Canopy-Good lord, it seemed that once I typed in to search for Lightweight strollers, one of two things disappeared on them, Canopy and basket.  Snap has this cool canopy that you can unzip to get extra coverage and then zip up again if you want the canopy smaller.  And they have other hood colors to choose from so you can change the hood when you feel like it.Large basket-Snap's basket isn't as large as my old Chicco Cortina, but compared to other strollers I looked at (Uppababy Glite, Chicco Liteway, Mamas and Papas Urbo, City Mini 4 Wheel, Peg Perego, etc) it has a good size basket that is easily accessable.Other pluses, the seat is roomy and large.  I know my son will fit in this stroller until he's 3 when most kids stop wanting to ride in a stroller.  Bumper bar included, my 8 month old loves holding on to this.  City Mini and other/most light weight strollers don't have one or the bumper bars are extra.The seat is padded nicely, you really have to feel in person to see the quality of this.  The recline is a strap, but it's better than the City Mini and other strap reclines I tested.The stroller steers like a dream.  You can easily push/steer one handed if needed.The material is good, not crinkly like it looked in the picture.  It's probably a nylon.  But it seems it would be very easy to clean if something spilled on it.Very cool, flip-flop friendly brake.  Just step on it to the right it locks, step on it to the left, unlocks.Ok, for the cons, because nothing is perfect, and don't believe reviewers who tell you so:No parent console, or parent anything.  I get that the more things added on, the heavier it will weigh, but for $279 it's lame that there isn't anywhere to put your keys/phone.  I'm going to be buying something that attaches to the handlebar but it should have come included for you to choose whether to use it or not.Even though the hood is large, and even with it extended, as we were walking my son yesterday, the sun was still in his face.  I reclined the seat more, so he was finally out of the light, but I do miss the telescoping canopy of my Cortina that I could move any angle to solve that.No snack tray/cup holder for the little one.  I saw on their Australian website that they do in fact sell a tray separately for the Snap over there, but I don't know about over here.  I'll be calling them Monday morning to ask.Lastly, Valco is an Australian company and I had never heard of them before my intense/insane research began.  So because they're presence isn't as strong in the US yet, you may have trouble finding a store that carries them.  Babies R Us doesn't, Target doesn't and I don't think Buy Buy Baby had it either.  I ended up buying from a "Boutique" type store that was 60 miles away from me (don't judge).  But they were having a floor sample sale and I scored this baby BRAND NEW for $150.So the last con would be the price...I COULD NOT justify spending more than $300 on a lightweight stroller.  I originally didn't want to spend more than $200 but nothing in that price range was satisfying to me.  I himmed and hawed about buying this sight unseen at $279 and I am so glad I waited.  I do feel this is worth more around the $200 range.  If you can score a good deal like me, than go for it!  I will try to add pics of my son riding in it so you can see how roomy and lovely it is.If you've made it to the end of this review, thank you and God Speed!