I've got what may be the BEST review scenario for this chair: The Diaper Blowout!!! Roughly 1 hour ago, my husband and I were enjoying dinner while our 7 month old sat nearby in his Mamas & Papas Juice Highchair playing with some toys. I was in the middle of a sentence when I noticed my son had that glassy eyed, far away look on his face. Before I could comment on the expression to my unsuspecting hubs, BAM, Mount St. Helens erupted in my son's diaper. Being the mature adults we are, the hubs and I proceeded to giggle and make poop jokes at our son's expense...until we noticed the poo lava fiercely flowing from his nether regions! Forks and knives went down and we sprung into action; hubs grabbed the baby, and I managed highchair damage control.It was INCREDIBLY easy to remove the green padded seat portion from the rest of the seat and carry it over to the sink. Once there, I popped the straps out (a 10 second process) and dropped them over in the washing machine. After taking a hand towel and sanitizer to the chair (1-2 mins of scrubbing), I returned to the green pad, running it under the faucet, spraying with sanitizer, and wiping it down with another towel. The whole process took less than 5 mins and we were able to sit back down and finish our meal while it was still warm, which is a "WIN" in the world of parenting. At this point, the chair is completely reassembled with the exception of the straps. They are lying on the chair's tray "drying" while I write this review and enjoy a much deserved girl scout cookie.Some parents have commented on the difficulty they've had cleaning this chair, but as I've just survived my kid's homage to the BP Oil Spill, Im gonna have to say cleaning it was not an issue for me. Some other parents have also negatively commented on how loose the straps are. Well I actually prefer them this way; this is a highchair, not a car seat. I find the straps, combined with the tray, provide the perfect level of baby security. Looser straps allow my son to lean forward to accept his food ( a common hunger cue) and wriggle around just enough to not feel as though being put in the chair is punishment. I certainly wouldnt want to be restrained or restricted while I ate, so Im assuming he doesnt either.In fact, the only reason I gave this chair a 4 out of 5 stars is because of the wide leg base. Now, I may not be the most graceful ballerina on the block, but putting this chair in the wrong area of the floor turns me into one of the 3 Stooges! My feet cant seem to resist tripping on the legs of this car. Silver Lining - My kid thinks it's hilarious. *sigh* Boys. The good thing is, regardless of when I've tripped on it (with or without my son in the seat) the chair never falters.I would definitely recommend this highchair for other parents. Easy to clean, sturdy, grows with your child, able to withstand poo volcanoes,....it's a keeper :)