My wife waffled back and forth about purchasing a more expensive and modern looking high chair.  However the high end ones always had some pretty significant issues that didn't justify the price.  After weeks of researching, we settled on this high chair.Some of the features that were most important to us:Tray:  one handed, smooth and easy to use. This was a really important feature because we didn't want to have to put her down to get the tray on.  The tray is dishwasher safe, however it's so easy to clean that we just hand wash it.  I wish there was a way to store the tray on the frame of the high chair.Seat:  other reviewers have complained that the seat is too small.  It is definitely snug, but our 9 month old daughter doesn't seem to have an issue with it.  My friend's 11 month old son has also used it comfortably and he a larger than average child in both height and weight.  My 3 year old son has happily sat in the chair too..  Having said that, I could imagine that with a fussier kid, they may feel too snug and closed in.  The seat does have a crotch bar that is surprisingly more useful than we thought.  While you should always use the included restraints, we have been able to put her in the chair and remove her without worry of her sliding out.Ease of cleaning:  I didn't believe it at first, but the ez clean cover is a wonder to clean!  We had left food stuck on overnight and it wiped clean easily with a sponge the next day!  It is also super easy to remove for machine washing.Mobility:  the chair is light weight and easy enough to roll around.  We have laminate floors so I don't worry too much about scuffing.. However, I'm not sure how gentle they'd be on hardwood.  We live in a multi-level home and It is super light weight and easy to carry from room to room.Height adjustment:  I thought this was a priority for us, but we soon realized that it was easier for her to eat on her tray because it's easier for clean ups.  Still a great feature to have especially if you have a breakfast bar or kitchen island you want to pull the chair to.What would make this a perfect high chair:The high chair loses a star for folding, storage and aesthetics.  While the chair does fold, it doEs not have a standing fold and the mechanics of it are quite awkward.  You have to lay the chair down to fold it.  However, we find that it's not too big a deal for us to leave it open -- we have the space to accommodate It, but if you have a small space, it may be an issue.  Also, it loses a fraction of a star for asthetics.  I really wish fisher price came out with a more modErn looking chair that would fit well with our decor, but its price and functionality more than makes up for it.  at the End of the day, it is a high chair -- if we were hosting an ultra formal adult dinner or if we were photographing our space, even the most modern looking high chair wOuld be an eyesore!Overall this is an amazing and practical chair.  Very sturdy and easy to use!  And the price makes up for what it lacks in a few very insignificant areas.