I bought the tan Gund Spunky barking dog for my 6 month old nephew. He has a couple of toys that say "woof woof," and it just cracks him up. This dog's bark is definitely not a "woof woof." It's bark is more of a high pitched barking. It sounds like a real dog, but more of a yipping poodle. I wish I could turn down the volume. It's not ear-piercing, but it could possibly startle a baby/toddler if they r extremely sensitive to noise. But if it's for a baby, I doubt they could make it bark on their own anyway.  It has a round soundbox approx 1 1/2" in diameter, that's floating around inside the tummy. When u do find the voicebox, u have to hit just the right spot to make it bark. There's a tiny button that I imagine would look like a bb (as in a BB gun). It's in the center of the soundbox, & is a pretty small target for a baby to press. The kid would probably need to b 3 to easily operate it. An upside of that is that lil ones could sleep w/ the pup & would b unlikely to set it off in the middle of the night. Aside from the drawbacks mentioned above, it really is a great snuggly soft toy. The fur is silky to touch & features are embroidered beautifully. So there is nothing to scrape, snag, or pop off. It will make a great friend & snuggle companion. Pup is sewn in a way where it sits up on hind legs & front paws. But the limbs r so soft & floppy, it's not a stiff stance or awkward to hug. He's still soft & squishy. In his sitting position he is about 7" high from bum to top of head. His hind feet are kind of spread apart w/ his front paws resting inbetween (he is approx. 8" wide from one back paw to the other).I received my order quickly. Pup was wrapped in tissue- I'm glad is wasn't wrapped in smelly plastic or it might've had an odor I'd b hesitant to give to a baby. I'm very pleased w/ the seller Party Pronto, Inc.CONS: Button (size of BB on 1 1/2" soundbox) to make bark is a lil difficult to find.Barking is a lil loud/high pitched & may startle some babies sensitive to noisesPROS: Adorable, silky soft fur, squishy, & snuggly.