The Ergo is a wonderful carrier that you, your spouse and baby can use comfortably for hours, whether you're running errands, traveling, hiking or just hanging out with your baby at home. I have used them with all my three kids from the time they were born - there are three basic types:(1) ERGObaby Original Baby Carrier, Black/Camel), made of thick canvas-like cotton with soft flexible shoulder straps and a soft lining. It has a roomy pocket in front with a zipper for your wallet, keys, cell phone, passport, etc. I had this one for 4 years with 3 kids, still going strong. It can be used even with older toddlers as it goes to 40 lbs if needed.(2) Ergobaby Performance Collection Charcoal Grey Carrier- this carrier has a more snug fit with thick, stiff contoured straps - I found this one very uncomfortable, with much more fabric covering my child than the original Ergo. The space for my baby was less roomy, so I returned it. However, many parents do like it.(3) ERGObaby Original Collection Sport Baby Carrier - Black - this is a lightweight version of the original, with a streamlined design. Great for summer, has longer straps than the original, but it doesn't have the storage pocket in front for personal items. The original Ergo (#1) provides more coverage & warmth for the baby.Some models are sold with extender belts, for people with larger frames. Make sure it is in the description if you need this.The Ergos can be used with young babies if you use it with aERGObaby Original Infant Insert, Natural - this works well up till about 4-5 months. After this you can use the Ergo by itself. You can nurse with it on in privacy (with attached hood/ cover) and your baby can nap as well - with or without the insert.There is an Ergobaby Baby Carrier Winter Weather Cover - Black available that attaches to the Ergo - expensive but very thick and good for winter months, but not waterproof. If you can find it, there is also a Ergo Baby ERG-WCR414 Water-Resistant Weather Cover that is basically a thin outer shell that snaps into this fleece cover - great for rain. These are worth it if you have twins or are outdoors a lot - I wish I had gotten both early on instead of struggling with snowsuits, big bulky coats and trying to push a stroller while holding an umbrella. I also wish they were less expensive! I found over time that wearing a big coat or a thick blanket worked just as well.Washing is straightforward, just cold water, mild detergent and drip dry, infrequently though. Spot cleaning is recommended. All my kids loved to bite the straps so putting Diono Soft Wraps Car Seat Harness Pads (Formerly Sunshine Kids) - Black on them kept the carrier from getting dirty - the strap covers are easy to wash and fairly inexpensive, so have a second pair as a backup and you're set.In terms of resale, the Ergos were a great investment, as they are in high demand among other twin moms (you can use two, one front one in back and carry two babies!). I recovered about 40 percent of what I paid new, both for the Ergo Sport and for an Original Ergo. I still have one Ergo original left for travel (airports, etc) and for emergencies (we've been evacuated twice due to hurricanes, very hard with little kids). At age three, my twins no longer use the Ergo but it's good to know they can if needed. So in terms of how long you can use it- figure up to age four or so.BABY BJORNIf you are comparing any of the Ergo's with the BABYBJORN Baby Carrier Active, Black/Silver, which offers lumbar support, the Ergo is a better option simply because past 20 lbs (about a yeal old), the baby's frontward facing position and weight will cause a lot of strain on your shoulders, making it painful to carry bigger babies for an extended period of time. I found the lumbar support did little to help. Likewise, the thick padding is very hot in warmer weather for your child. The BABYBJÖRN Baby Carrier One - Black, Mesh has a lighter weight material but offers even less support is very cold in winter months.Neither of the Baby Bjorns did not work for me past age one, and was difficult to use with my preemies as they were too small.In terms of resale, the Baby Bjorn looks fairly new after washing if you do it with cold water, mild soap and drip dry. I recovered a third of what I paid for it, but as these are more common, prices vary widely and you may get less. Some sell for much less.A DOCTOR'S OPINIONLastly, I had an orthopaedic surgeon look at the Ergo carrier - he considered the positioning of both my babies ideal in promoting their proper hip development, as the child is in a natural sitting position. The Baby Bjorn, not as good as the baby's basically hanging, and not recommended at all, any type of carrier that keeps the baby's legs straight and together.Why ask for a doctor's input? Both my preemie twins had developmental issues that affected their mobility, so being able to carry them around easily was critical (my daughter was born with hip dysplasia and wore a pavlik harness for three months, while my son had severe hypotonia which made him unable to walk until he was two). I was able to use the carrier with both children, even when my daughter was immobilized in the harness. The carrier made getting around with our twins much more comfortable for them and for us.So there you go - my experience as a mom of twins that needed to carry my children for extended periods, who has owned all five carriers and accessories described above. If I had to do it over, I would only buy the Ergo carrier, either the Original or the Sport.