It seems that every bottle we've tried so far has some major flaw. Narrow-necked bottles seem to aggravate "nipple confusion," making it more difficult to breast- and bottle-feed simultaneously. The Dr. Brown's bottles are exceptionally (perhaps needlessly) complex. You're constantly using the little pipe-cleaner-thing they come with to scrub all kinds of tubes and vents. The bulbous Lansinoh "mOmma" bottles take up too much space for the volume they hold, and the cap can be a pain to remove. When you're trying to console an infant in the middle of a thermonuclear screaming fit, seconds count.Enter the Philips AVENT line of bottles. There are two styles: "classic" and "natural". The classic series is older and apparently more integrated with some other AVENT products, while the natural series has a more ergonomic bottle and nipple. The natural also requires one fewer piece to assemble (the classic requires a spacer ring between the bottle and the nipple collar, while the natural does not). Finally, the natural appears to be the only one available in glass. All things considered, we felt that the natural series was better. The only downside is that Philips doesn't offer a specific set of sealing discs for the natural series. The classic sealing discs work really well with the classic bottles, but are more fiddly to use with the natural bottles. The Philips website claims that the clear dome cap is sufficient to seal the natural bottles for short-term storage, and we've found this to be true, so that's what we use. If you really want to use sealing discs, we've found that the Dr. Brown's discs actually work better than the Philips classic ones.So having settled on the AVENT natural, we faced the question: plastic or glass? A little Googling made me pretty paranoid about the plastic bottles. They're BPA free, but one site claimed that the BPA substitutes often used in newer plastic formulations could be just as bad. None of these chemicals are *poison*, so we're not talking the end of the world here, but they're all associated with increased incidences of whatever, so why bother? Well, if the various lamentations online are to be believed, the downsides of glass bottles are that they're heavy and fragile. Meh. An AVENT glass bottle with 8 fl. oz. of milk weighs about 510 grams, while a 12-ounce bottle of beer weighs about 560 grams. So a baby bottle practically overflowing with milk is still 10% lighter than a beer. It might -- might! -- be an issue later on, but if you're still holding the bottle for your baby, it's not a problem in the slightest. The extra heft is actually nice -- it's easier to handle and less prone to tipping over. As for fragility, these bottles are made of borosilicate glass, like old Pyrex bakeware, so they're pretty sturdy. And borosilicate glass breaks better than ordinary glass, so in the unlikely event that they do break, they'll crack rather than shatter. The printing appears to be similar to that on  Pyrex, so I'm not worried about fading. It may fade sooner than if the markings were formed directly into the glass, but the upside is that they're very easy to read.Finally, even though our baby rarely has more than two or three ounces at a time, we decided to standardize on the 8-ounce bottles. We got six of them, along with an OXO Tot Dishwasher Basket, and it's really cut down on the amount of effort needed to maintain a supply of clean bottles. And since our breast pump of choice -- the Spectra Dew 350 -- comes with AVENT adapters, these bottles are all we use for pumping, storage, and feeding. The missus pumps a serving of milk directly into the AVENT bottle, which gets topped with a collar, nipple, and top and refrigerated. When the baby's done, the bottle goes into the dishwasher and the next one gets rotated in. It was a bit expensive to set up, but it'll last us for the rest of our childbearing careers!