I love this chair. I have a two year old and a 4 month old. The two year old was not ready to give up his chair so I was forced into getting another one. My youngest isn't fond of the bottle so we had to start solids pretty yearly. He needs to be tilted as he cannot sit up on his own yet. This chair adjust to make feeding him easy. The added bonus is when it's in the low position it is perfect 2 year old height. They are able to play together on the tray. My little one just smiles and smiles. He loves playing with his brother. Plus, I can make dinner and everyone is happy. I just wheel it into the kitchen so I can see both kids. Easy to wheel, even with baby in it!I also looked at the negative reviews and I can say they are all false. One guy posted pics of a sharp piece and joint piece in the seat. Those are totally incorrect. The sharp piece he refers to isn't sharp and it is the adjuster on the back of the seat. No where baby could access it. The piece on the seat is the spot where the bottom joins the back. No way for baby to sit on it because of the angle, plus tons of padding prevents that. As far as it not being sturdy...my two year old has pushed it around and rammed it into stuff. It is sturdy. I guess if you push down hard it flexes a bit but it requires weight to do that. Another reviewer commented that babies legs get bumped bulling baby out...ummm...that is the case with most chairs if you don't move the trey. Simply pick baby up from behind the chair for no leg bumping. Honestly, I can't believe that was a complaint. It isn't sharp or scratchy so it doesn't hurt baby. Just don't yank baby forward removing him. Ok, last negative was the padding isn't easy to clean. I also have a wood highchair and babies are messy. It is no harder or easier to clean than my chair with no pad. To make it easy, I have a small vacuum and I use the hose to just vacuum both seats.The only improvement I would suggest is a soft Velcro basket for the bottom to toss the extra pad and bibs in. Great chair for price!