Not all Halo sleepsack microfleeces are created equal! (At least in my experience.)TOG value: According to the Halo website, the TOG value of all microfleece sleepsacks is 1.0.  I can't measure TOG, so I can't tell you if there is genuinely a difference between the different patterns, but I'll describe the differences below.Different thicknesses: The plain microfleece seems to be the thinnest and least warm out of all the microfleeces.  If you have a patterned one, it feels like a thicker type of fleece. Or maybe it just holds up better to washing (on gentle/delicate cycle, dry on low/delicate heat). The plain ones kind of pill up like cheaper fleece.  The patterned ones just feel fluffier and when I pick my baby up after a nap/nighttime, baby just feels like a warm little bundle. This was not always the case when using the plain microfleece sleep sack.Multiple layers of fleece:  Wherever there is an applique on the sleep sack, there is usually another layer of fleece underneath.  For example, when you see the embroidered "Back is best" with the stars on the plain microfleece in the upper left corner, there is another layer of fleece on the inside of the sack underneath the embroidery.  Same goes for the ladybug, owl, truck, turtle, etc.  Therefore, the BEST DEAL is the sleepsack with the giant frog on the middle of the chest section. The largeness of the frog = double layer of fleece across the chest portion of the sleep sack from the shoulders to the bottom of the frog.Review on the sleepsack itself:1. Zipper opens from the bottom: Great for diaper changes in the middle of the night since you don't have to totally unzip them, which means the cold won't jolt them awake even more.  Also useful for transferring into and out of cars since you can keep the sleepsack on them... just unzip and take out their legs so you can buckle them up in their car seat. (Might be a little bulky in the butt area, though.)2. Size based on length and weight. Don't go by the months.3. Triangular shape allows baby to move around freely and stretch their legs.4. Love the microfleece sleepsacks. Not a fan of the cotton ones since they tend to shrink lengthwise.