I originally bought this bag with the digital camo flap to be the "Dad" Diaper bag with my wife would be using the Navy Arbor J Cole Satchel Diaper Bag (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00IPSERI0/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_51). Well, the wife's bag turned into a purse with any baby items being in there purely by chance. First lets describe the bag... The outer flap Velcro’s on. This is because you can change out the flap if you so desire (haven't seen them on Amazon, but I have seen them on the Dadgear website). Honestly, if I need at something quick, I just peel the top back and grab what I need. Inside, you have 4 pockets. There are 2 large ones on the back (we put diapers and butt-goo in one and the other is a slapdash first aid kit). the Left and right side of the bag also have pockets that can either be accessed from the top (open flap / Velcro quick extraction), or via the zipper on the side. When out and about, we typically have a bottle with a premeasured formula powder on one side and a water bottle in the other. Word of warning… all these pockets expand INTO the main pocket, so the more you load the pockets, the less main pocket space you have. Also, none of the pockets are insulated.Under the flap, and on the main bag, you have a rectangle cut-out for wipes. The wipes are held in place by a Velcro strap inside the main pocket. Dadgear makes a wipes case that fits this hole, but it does not ship with this bag. I also have not been able to find it on Amazon. It is for sale on Dadgear’s website, but I cannot bring myself to pay $10 for the case, then another $10 for shipping. So instead I am currently using a HopSkip plastic wipes case. We tried the Huggies  Cluch ‘N’ Clean, but the cover caught the bag between the lid and cluch and ripped off. The Hugies Designer Tub and regular packs just took up too much room. On either side of the wipes hole are two additional zipper pockets. Originally we put the butt-goo tube in here, but in the long run, we actually don’t use these pockets.There are two long stroller straps, however they are a very narrow ribbon-lime material. We ended up clipping a Munchkin Arm and Hammer Diaper Trash Bag dispenser to one, and do not use the other. Instead, I wear the bag, hang it off the stroller by the shoulder strap, or put it in the stroller basket.If you look at the pictures, several styles of flaps come with a zipper pocket on the outside. The Camo version does not have this, though I wish it did as I would put all the paperwork I get from the Doctor office visit in there. The clips at the bottom of the flap do extend out about 6 inches.The rear of the bag has a zipper pocket which is where the included changing mat is. The mat is somewhat thin, but it at least keeps my kid off some of those disgusting changing tables you find here and there. The pad is kinda small. My kid is 26 inches long, and with her head on the pad, it comes down to her mid-thigh, so it is good for a newborn and small infant. A toddler, forget about it.The Shoulder strap is about 2 inches wide and easily adjustable (but does not loosen when wearing the bag) and has a shoulder pad that is about as flimsy as the changing mat. The only gripe I have with the strap is that it twists easily and does not have a “detangler” that you typically see on most gym bags or purses.As for carrying ability, I have turned this thing into a pack mule a few times. At the most, I had the diapers, 2 bottles (baby and water), ad-hoc 1st aid kit, change of baby clothes, burp cloth, baby towel, a pair of shorts, underwear and a t-shirt for me in the main section. Then a beach towel folded up and jammed between the bag and flap (with the clips extended). I packed like this the first few times I took my kid to a water therapy session (I have since move into a regular gym bag for this, as it was easier to deal with all the wet swim gear).With 6 months of use, this bag has held up very well. It is heavier than other bags, as it is made with a canvas like material (think you high school backpack when it was brand new). However, this material is what makes it durable. I have had 3 people ask me where I got this bag (one friend, 2 random strangers), and how well it works. I have recommended the bag to them, and I would do the same for you.