I'm a mum to a one year old and have finally outgrown the need to carry an actual diaper bag for some time only to now be expecting twins.  I found with my first child that many diaper bags are bulky, heavy, and basically have one compartment to shove everything into with a couple of outer pockets.  I was really yearning for something that functioned like a well organized bag without the weight that didn't obviously look like a diaper bag and didn't cost as much as my mortgage.  I purchased this and have already been using it as my "purse".  I have gotten many compliments and people are surprised when I say it is actually a diaper bag!  Here's what I have noticed so far:1. It is deceptive in its size.  Because the material is thinner and more flexible, it is able to seem more compact if there is nothing really in the middle.  It lacks the cardboard base and sides that gives many diaper bags their shape, but I was looking for this because it keeps it from being so bulky. (I'm 5'3" and have what I consider short arms and shoulders, so the less bulky it is, the better it stays on my shoulder while I'm carrying wiggley children.)2. There are plenty of pockets inside.  Because of the design, the main chamber is surrounded by 4 other pockets whose entrances are covered while wearing by the straps.  This is convenient to me because I hate the feeling like something is either going to fall out or someone could reach in while I'm not looking.  I primarily will try to keep my wallet and keys in one of the smaller pockets (the 3rd & 4th pockets are actually one large side pocket for larger items but there is a snap in the middle should you wish to keep them separate) so that I can easily find my things when checking out, etc.  Even though the pockets are usually covered, they are still easily accessible if you just push a strap over.  There are also two side pockets on either end that are open to the outside.  On the inside of the main chamber there is a zippered pocket and two smaller open pockets along the side for cell phones or whatever.3.  I have found that this bag will accommodate my full size diaper changer complete with diapers, wipes, and bag dispenser, my wallet, keys, sippys, the flat changer that it came with just because I haven't taken it out, an extra set of baby clothes, a fluffy blanket, a couple of toy trucks, some other mum items like an organizer, and my gloves.  I could have still put more into the side pockets.  This amount did make it pretty stuffed, and I will not usually need this amount but we were going out for the holiday so I needed some extra things.4.  The material seems pretty easy to clean, but I got this in the purple and I haven't noticed anything in the last month that couldn't be wiped off if it even showed up.5.  If you don't have too much in the bag, it feels very, very light!  Due to the bag being made of lightweight material without the bulky supporting fabric or cardboard, it will feel like there is almost nothing there if you don't have much in it.  I like this because having three children in the winter with all the heavy outerwear and two in those heavy infant seats, my body will appreciate not having the extra weight.6. Not very expensive in the world of diaper bags!  I paid less than $30 for this bag on Amazon.  Anyone looking for a purse-like diaper bag that is durable and moderately fashionable will appreciate not having to pay upwards of triple digits for it.  I mean this is probably not going to be a runway example, but it doesn't look like a diaper bag.Hope this helps!  I really like the bag and would recommend this to anyone looking to avoid the bulky, expensive, dowdy, unorganized looks of many other diaper bags.