I had a very difficult time choosing this stroller, and I'll tell ya why. I'm not a serious runner, in fact I prefer to bike over running, but I would like to become a more avid runner, as would my husband. I couldn't decide between the summit x3 and the city elite. I had an elite before and I loved it minus the fact you can't jog with it. Some reviewers stated they jog with it occasionally but I prefer to trust the company over a reviewer and not break a perfectly great stroller. My city elite had some issues out of the box though so I had trust issues as whether to buy that stroller again or even buy from baby jogger, but I decided to return it and give this one a try. I have an extremely tall little boy he is 18 months, 37 inches tall and 27 lbs he is at least a good head taller than all his little friends. Baby joggers are known for having strollers for tall kids, (BOB's are for average height and short kids,  not everyone can be the average BOB) so this is the main reason I stuck with this one... I'm not sure if that is really the case with this jogger though but I'll get into that later. here are my pro's and cons. before you read the cons realize I am a picky person, what I found as a con might not be a con to someone else.PROS-This baby is a dream to push. Add up my 27 lb toddler to a 28-ish pound stroller and I'm pushing nearly 50 lbs, but it really doesn't feel like it, it feels more like 5lbs. The elite was this way too. Anyone that knew how much I had actually spent (and criticized about how much I spent) on the stroller shut up as soon as they pushed it, and soon after they began spitting out the compliments. I'm sure they'd do the same with this one if I had it more than a day and let someone else touch it-It's fold is way easy, pull a strap and bam its closed and ready to be put away. I'm 115 lbs and 5'9 the stroller folded up isn't that heavy unless your weak, but if you're a mom that carries around kids all day I don't now how you could be. it also fits in my Hyundai Elantra trunk, with the wheels on. It takes about half the trunk, but it fits.-It's pretty good on stairs, I tested this out in front of my house and I have stairs at every entrance/exit of my house so I had no other choice but to roll it over them. The shocks took care of almost all of the bouncing for a smooth stair ride.-The wheels seem pretty tough and hopefully won't puncture with all the sticker weeds around my neighborhood. (the elite had air free foam tires which were awesome)-My son seemed to enjoy the ride, but when we stopped he was done, typical toddler I think though:)- The hood honestly I don't know another company that makes hoods this great, that especially that don't fly up when it's windy. I can set it at 3 different positions that will either hide his face from the sun partially, totally, or not at all if it's not needed along with windows to peek on him during a walk/jog-It has a near flat recline which is great for a napping toddler, diaper changes while out and about, and a sleeping infant, it has a black mesh that can be left open for a breeze or cover it with a weather cover.-The stroller can hold up to 75lbs, this is great for so many reasons.CONS-First back to my sons height he is 37 inches tall and skinny, his head nearly hits the top of the stroller but it does rub the scratchy mesh which will prove to be uncomfortable after a run. I've found that I can move the mesh around the back of the seat but if I plan on putting the seat in a recline I have to move it back up in front which isn't a huge issue but I didn't have this problem with my elite. I feel like the elite had a taller backrest as well.-The seat and back rest are very supportive but not very comfortable, when I set up the stroller I was pushing around the seat looking for where I could let out the cardboard from the shipping. No such luck, it's meant to be that way. the elite was way more comfortable for my son, he'd be content sitting in that stroller, compared to waiting for me to unbuckle him before he climbed out himself. but to be fair he is a little bit older now.-He isn't touching the bottom of the foot rest yet but he is close, with the elite it had a foot rest which was great for if he outgrew the leg room ever I could just lift up his foot rest and he'd be a happy camper.-The thing that irks me maybe the most is the Velcro window covers, again the elite had magnetic which was awesome for a sleeping baby, no Velcro ripping sound to wake up a light or not so light sleeper. I might be able to use my not so great sewing skills and put some magnets in there but I don't know if this would void my warranty.-I despise the stripe and the colors for this stroller, I would prefer an all neutral stroller. Like gray or the sand color. I chose the black but I'm not a black person especially in the summer when black will attract the most heat.-The brake for running is pretty difficult to hold down I feel like I'm a strong person, but I might have to start doing some hand curls so it's actually useful to me. :)-The parking brake, don't plan on wearing flip flops or anything and being able to lift up off of the break. I had to do it with my hand, which to me is a pain in the rear. In the city elite it was where the switch to the locked wheel, to swivel wheel is now, and the switch to those wheels was right in front of the foot rest so no chance of getting "muddy fingers" unless your taking the off road to the extreme in 18 inch deep mud puddles.-lastly I wish that the handlebar was movable, it feels semi okay for me at 5'9 but my hands are up higher than I'd prefer them to be, this could be a bigger problem for shorter people.This stroller is definitely meant for running which the title says clearly so I'm not taking a star off for that, but I feel like if I were to take it to the mall I would hate it, because this stroller is so bulky I'm kind of a one stroller person, not only because I'm cheap, because I am, but because it's more convenient if I'm on vacation and want to take my running stroller to the mall I'll hate life and if I have a normal all-terrain stroller and want to go running that's not possible. Maybe I'm picky but I sure wish baby jogger had an option for a build your own stroller (take note baby jogger) I'd pay extra for that. Maybe Baby Jogger should hire me as their stroller designer because I have a feeling a man designed this one. No offense men.My husband and I will play with this stroller for a week or so before we decide to send it back or not.Lastly before I shut up if anyone has questions feel free to ask I don't live anywhere near a store that sells these so I had to order blindly and test it out myself, I'll also post some pictures so you don't have to go searching the web for a better idea of what it looks like.