I ordered two of these bags, one in ice blue and one in charcoal.  I love them!  I have a newborn and a 16-month-old who are in separate rooms at daycare so I ordered one for each.  These bags are actually bigger than I expected and they are great for organization!  I put a couple of changes of clothes and some snacks in the large middle compartment, diapers/wipes in the top large zippered compartment, the extra junk that you have to carry around "just in case" in the the two pockets located within the large middle compartment.  In my 16-month-olds bag I use the large outside compartment to put a few board books, coloring books, and crayons/markers.  Her sippy cup fits great in the mesh pocket, leaving the outter pockets for bibs or whatever.  I use the cell phone holder as a pacifier holder...easier to get to quickly!  I actually was able to combine three bags into this one.  Previously I had a bag strictly for daycare, a bag for our outings, and a separate toy/entertainment bag.  Everything fits in this bag!I must note that I do not use the changing pad for either child.  I never have because, well, I hate them and they take up sooo much space!  I always have a receiving blanket that can double as the changing pad, takes up less space, and can be used for other things as well.  Things might be a little tighter in the bag if you choose to keep the changing pad in there, but it still should be easily doable...I'm just willing to make the trade.As for the newborn, all of his stuff fits in this bag wonderfully with room to spare.  I breastfeed, but he gets bottles at daycare.  The outter pockets will each fit two of the 8 oz playtex nurser bottles and the mesh pocket will fit one...5 bottles and I haven't even touched the inside space! His extra clothes also go in the large interior compartment and the diapers are in the large top zippered compartment.  I can fit 6 newborn diapers/4 size four diapers and a thing of wipes in this compartment. It works out great.  There is room in the large compartment to put more than just the clothes, but right now I don't really have a need to put anything else in there for the baby.The best thing about the bag is the organization.  Even in the large compartment I don't feel like the bag is a "black hole" where everything gets lost.  The adjustable shoulder strap is nice and wide and actually stays on my shoulder!  If you have a double stroller, or a stroller with one continuous handle then this bag is great because it has stroller straps that will allow you to attach it to the handle instead of trying to shove it underneath the stroller...this not only makes your diaper bag more accessible, but it frees up the space under the stroller for packages when you are shopping.I personally don't think you can go wrong with this bag. If you are packing for two who are still in diapers I suggest getting two bags. If one is out of diapers then you could probably get away with one bag for both.  First time moms tend to overpack  a bit (I know I did!) and may not like this bag very much at first...but trust me, eventually you will come around!  Babies don't use half of the stuff we pack around for them.Happy shopping!