Okay this carrier is great! I judge a carrier by comfort and convenience after trying the Ergo, Boba, Bjorn, Ring sling, wraps and many more. though all of those are very comfortable except the Bjorn that kills my back, and all have some great features,the beco butterfly was very comfortable not only for me but, for my husband too and had the features that where important to us. We mainly use this carrier for shopping, hiking, and just some of our all day events we have to attend. I think all of you looking for a carrier should really go into the store and just try them all on even without baby. Because what works for me may not be what works for youLet me tell you what made me go with the Beco Butterfly over all the carriers. Biggest thing for me is my child's safety and with that butterfly insert you are able to put baby in and easily shift him or her to your back without ANY chance of your baby falling. Also that inserts allows my husband or I to do a flawless hand off of baby and carrier at the same time. Thirdly, some of the people say that the safety buckles where just too much for them... well, I don't know what issues they had because my husband and I can easily do the unbuckling with one hand and really appreciate that safety feature. This carrier is very comfortable and transfers babies weight well through out your whole upper body allowing you to go long periods of time without pain. This carrier works VERY well with small infants so this will allow us to use it with baby # 2 once we decide it is time for that :). I am a huge fan of the removable hood. Also the adjustable straps fit all body types from my 5'6 thinner body to my 6'1 husky construction worker husband. Quality material it is thin, but durable, yet comfortable and soft, making it nice for you and baby. Another reason is all the wonderful designs they offer made it very easy for my husband and I to find one that we both could agree on. Our family just loves it. All carriers have their down falls but we love the beco butterflyMy one complaint is I do wish there was some kind of pocket but, most carriers don't have a big pocket other than the ergo or onya. So this was not a deal breaker for us. It was a hard decision for me to make and took months of investigating for me to finally choose. If I could recommend any carrier it would be the beco or the boba both amazing carriers, crazy comfortable and both have good features. The ONLY reason I did not go with the boba was because it is too hard for my husband to get baby on his back by himself. If it had some kind of safety feature for the front to back we would have gone with that carrier because it has so many features like a small pocket on the hip belt, a purse holder, foot straps for bigger kids (but we don't plan on carrying our 3-4 year old they can walk or sit in the cart.) as far as hiking goes when they are older we will probably invest in a true hiking backpack for the toddler years. But this works really well for hiking for the under 1-2 kids. The reason we did not go with the ergo was the same reason of it being to hard for my husband to do a back carrier by himself due to his height and the other main reason that you do have to buy and extended strap to get it to fit around him the ergo is made for smaller people up to size 12-14 at biggest.I hope this helps some of you out there I had a heck of a time making up my mind!