I purchased two of these because I have a toddler and because I'm also expecting another baby in a few weeks. Let me start by saying how much research I have done, just like you, if you're going through product reviews and opinions. I've owned several mats, but they were all hand-me-downs and it was finally time for us to purchase our own mats for our kids. I considered purchasing LG, Parklon, Alzip, and also looked at other Korean brands, but all of them were quite pricy and I personally did not see the importance of spending fortunes on a baby play mat. Of course, there are very important things to consider like, whether the product is eco-friendly, whether it contains any harmful chemicals or not, quality, durability, and so on, but I'm glad that I purchased this play mat because it is all that I want it to be and contains nothing I do not want in the play mat. Let me talk about the design, I really wanted to go with the Busy Farm and the Letters & Numbers one, but later decided to go with 2 Country Town mats instead. The reason why is because I have owned other play mats and one thing that I realized about mats is that you can get really sick of all the busy designs after time passes. However, the Country Town design is nice and green, bright, very neutral and comfortable for the eyes, so I definitely recommend this design to anyone looking for a mat that will go with any household interior. Another point I would like to make is, play mats are not just for protecting your children from impacts and falls, but also for sanitary purposes if you live in an apartment with carpeted floors. To me, this was the biggest reason why I needed to use play mats. Hardwood floors are easier to clean, but carpeted floors contain so many "unseen" germs and bacteria, that I did not feel comfortable having my toddler run around and play on the carpet area. Finally, last but not least the mat is very easy to clean and did not have that nasty chemical smell when I first opened the package after receiving the item.If you're looking for a good play mat with a good price and fun designs, this is for you. Trust me, after time passes, you won't get much out of an expensive play mat as they all get worn out.