I had a hard time letting go of my little one's Chicco Keyfit 30 infant seat; however with her quickly growing, it was time to find a new car seat.  I am so glad I decided to go with the Britax Boulevard 70 CS Convertible car seat.  This car seat has exceeded my expectations.Out of the box, the Britax Boulevard 70 CS is stunning.  I chose the Biscotti fabric, and it is absolutely beautiful and suitable for a baby boy or girl.  Britax used fine quality materials when making this seat.  The fabric is soft and keeps my baby at a comfortable temperature.  I never worry about her being too hot or cold, due to the fabric, nor do I worry about her being itchy or getting scratched due to stiff and cheap fabrics that other manufacturers use.The Boulevard was ready to be installed out of the box.  I use the latch system in my vehicle, and installing the Britax Boulevard was a cinch.  I made sure to read the instruction manual first, as I always do, but using the latch system with this seat couldn't be easier.  Simply attach both buckles to the latch hooks in the car, tighten both sides, and your seat is pretty much installed.  I would suggest reading the manual to ensure you have the seat tilted appropriately and have correctly used the tether anchors (Britax offers great videos to help you with installation if you run into trouble).Getting my daughter in and out of the seat is a flawless process.  I simply place her in the seat, fasten the five point harness, pull the strap until it clicks and she is strapped in.  The click system would be this seat's only downfall (though I do like this feature).  I usually have to tighten the harness after hearing the click, as it often does not feel tight enough.  However, once I have adjusted the harness, I have peace of mind while driving my daughter around.  And she sits comfortably in this seat.I chose this car seat based on its high safety ratings, and I feel that I made a smart decision.  I could not be happier with another car seat, and I recommend the Britax Boulevard 70 CS to anyone looking to purchase a convertible car seat.