I wanted to buy this for a 9 year girl who is 4'9" and weights about 70 lbs meaning she is pretty skinny for her age.  She outgrew her Stearns Heads-Up life jacket when she had a growth spurt and became too tall for it.  We went to the store to try on some life jackets but whenever I picked her up by grabbing the shoulders of the life vest, all of the vests in her weight range would ride up above her ears.  Many of them would slip right off of her if she held her arms up.  I was afraid that if she fell into the water, the vest would slip right off.With this vest, we don't have that problem thanks to the crotch strap.  At first I was afraid that it would be too uncomfortable for her but she wears tight fitting swim bottoms which help her from getting a wedgie and she hasn't complained about it yet.  I also feel that she is safer in this vest with the extra flotation around the head/neck.She plans on her wearing her new vest when she is near the lake, on the boat, tubing, jet skiing with us, or just hanging out at our pool.  The inside of the life jacket says "Not approved for use on personal water craft, for water skiing, or similar towed uses."  However, it goes on to say "strength tested at 50MPH," so I have no issues with her wearing it while tubing or other higher speed water activities.I think it is only fair to give a better description of this life jacket since the current one does not give it justice.  The Youth model is a Type III vest not a Type II like the Infant and Child.  The flotation collar around the head is made up of three foam pieces, not two as in the Infant model.  There is a small rectangular block of foam that goes across the shoulder blades on the Youth model which I like because now that she is bigger, I feel that she needs a little more flotation up there.  When we tried it out in the pool, it seemed that because of that foam her face was out of the water a little bit more.  I am not sure about the Infant or Child model if it has that piece of foam in the back or not.  The front is constructed of two pieces of foam, one for the left and one for the right.  Instead of going just strait down, it curves to go under her arms.  Also, since this is a bit of a longer vest, I would be afraid if she where shorter that it would push up under her chin when she sits down, but since she's tall it's ok.  On the inside right front of the vest there is a place to put the name of who the life jacket belongs to.  The back of the jacket has integrated elastic for better fit.  There is a blue grab loop on the flotation collar to fish her out if need be.  As for the blue waist belt, the female end of the belt is secured right near the zipper allowing for easier buckling.  The blue crotch strap connects at the front bottom of the vest.  The crotch strap is adjusted with two mechanisms, one to tighten, and one to "catch" the excess strap so it's not just dangling.  The front blue plastic zipper is easy to use and won't corrode like metal.  The zipper has a loop on it so if you wanted to attach something like a lanyard or whistle, you could.  On the front of the jacket at the bottom is mesh webbing so to drain water easier.Pros:  The crotch strap insures the life jacket stays in place under the water and not ride up above her ears which is difficult to find for her weight (50-90 lbs).  The grab loop on top gives an easy way to "fish" her out of the water if need be (which we had to do when she was younger) and also makes for convenient storage mechanism.  The foam is fairly flexible allowing the vest to hug her body along with the integrated elastic in the back.  I would agree with other reviews which state the life jacket is sturdy.  I was able to pick her up by the handle and I felt like the jacket was not going to rip or tear.  Finally, bright collars insure great visibility in an emergency.Cons: There is no loop on the sides of the jacket for the waist belt to go through.  The there two loops near the front and the other loop is in the middle of the back.  This means that if you make the waist belt too tight it might slide up above the armpit foam and might create rubbing.  It only comes in one color.  With the flotation collar, it does make it a bit more difficult for her to sit in a high back chair.  She has to flip the collar up to be more comfortable.  Finally, because there is so much foam towards the neck/shoulders, and the amount of material in the back, it does retain heat a lot which is good in cold weather or when swimming but could be an issue if you are just boating in a hot climate.She tried this out at the pool and it did flip her on her back when she started off face down in the water or jumped in the pool and relaxed.  This will be a good thing if we are ever in an accident and she is unconscious.  She's a fairly strong swimmer so she was able to swim on her front, side or any which way in the vest.  She swam around for a day jumping and swimming without complaint and me without fear of her slipping out of it and/or drowning.I also bought an Extrasport Type II from Amazon at the same time to try it out but she and I prefer the Mustang instead of the Extrasport except for canoeing, kayaking, or rafting.  I hope this helps, and remember, buckle them up.  Safety isn't always comfortable but it's necessary.  I know I will feel a lot better knowing she will be wearing this life jacket.  I liked it so much that I bought a second one for her friend when she comes over who is about the same size as her.