I was so pleasantly surprised by the outstanding quality materials used in this lunch bag!  It's oddly wonderful to touch, it's just lovely!!I use it for my 5 year old's lunch (Kindergarten).  She loves to eat cereal and this fits the EZ Freeze Cereal On the Go container (available on amazon), another milk to drink, a banana, gogurt or danimals smoothie, and a dessert.  I also put in the Cool Coolers "Cool It!" Lunch Ice Packs (come in a pack of 4), they are super slim and much better than any other I've tried.This lunch bag definitely keeps things cool (with an ice pack).  At lunch, my daughter says sometimes things are too cold for her to eat!!  Since the on the go cereal container is like a teeny ice pack (meant only to keep the milk you pour inside it cold), I'm almost considering not putting in the Cool It ice pack and see how it goes, this lunch bag keeps it cold!Super easy to clean, durable, laminated fabric.  When the top is velcro'd down and even when it's loaded with items, it's strong enough to hold it, plus when holding the handle, it does not pull up anywhere.We have the Pack It freezable lunch bag too, but I think this one keeps things colder than that!**** UPDATE *****We have noticed the dreaded stench on a handful of occasions when milk spills inside and leaks to the fabric when we didn't realize it.  It's truly horrific.  However, I have found a good system for getting the smell out.  Grapefruit Seed Extract (GSE) and tea tree oil in a hot wash with detergent and a soak.  Once done, check for smell.  If it still smells, wash it again, same stuff in it, soak again.  To dry, I put it out in the sunshine for additional yuck erasing abilities.  The very first time we had the stink issue, I only washed it with detergent, then left it out on the deck in the sunshine for about a week and that took care of it, but once I started using GSE and tea tree oil, it wasn't a necessary step.  Now to prevent the smells - every day after school, she takes everything out immediately, I spray some vinegar/water/tea tree oil solution in it, wipe it out.  If I see that milk has gotten the fabric wet, I spray the inside with more of the vinegar solution and spray the seams where it's wet on the outside.  Let it sit for a few hours, wipe it out, set it over a floor vent to dry.Even with the washing we've done, it has held up really well - only a couple teeny holes in the silver lining inside.  Food still stays cold, still cute as ever!