I have the Baby Jogger City Select with Second Seat and I love it, as I'm able to use it with my 20 lb twins & my 41" tall preschooler. No stroller is perfect, but of the four doubles I've had (Maclaren Twin Tecno, Maclaren Triumph, Bob Duallie), this is my go-to everyday stroller because it's the narrowest, goes anywhere and folds compactly.** UPDATE: Please note the weight listed above of 100 lbs is wrong - the stroller weighs far less, 28.3 lbs for the stroller with one seat and 5 lbs for the second seat. Measurements of the seats have been added **PROS:* The City Select was recently selected as Baby Gizmo's 2010 Top Tandem Stroller.* Goes anywhere. I found out the hard way that side-by-sides do not fit between parked cars - the City Select does, with room to spare. This is the most important consideration when you're out and about with twins, so that you're not forced to leave one child alone in front of or behind your car while putting your other one in their car seat. The narrow width of the City Select has also been a huge advantage at doctor's offices, restaurants and stores that have narrower aisles. If I had to do it over, this probably would have been my only stroller - I wish I had known about it before buying the other doubles!* Can be used from birth up. You can configure the City Select with optional Baby Jogger Car Seat Adaptor City Select, Single for one or two babies (some car seats fit better than others) or with one or two seats (for babies 6m+, place the heaviest child in the top position); it can have stadium seating facing forward (with a huge storage basket), or you can put both seats facing you so they can recline fully @ 180 degrees (better for babies, looks like bunk beds).* Total weight load recommended for this stroller is 45 lbs. per seat (combined passenger and baggage weight), so calculate 90 lbs. total max allowance with two seats. Max allowance for the basket is 15 lbs. and for each seat pocket, 2 lbs. My 14 m babies are 22 & 21 lbs., the diaper bag is 8 lbs. = 51 lbs. Still way under the limit. Much better for twins than the Britax B-ready stroller which has a child max weight capacity of only 35 lbs on its second seat.* The three-part canopies are excellent and provide far more shade than the Maclaren twin strollers. A peek-a-boo window in the middle has a magnetic flap that covers it quietly - no noisy velcro. The canopies can also be raised 2", allowing airflow thru the back mesh panel for hot weather and/or room for taller children.* Optional carrycots are sold separately.* The wheels work on many surfaces. I've been able to use the City Select on narrow paths, snow and grass. The City Selects pushes very easily on smooth surfaces, even with my 30 lb toddler. In comparison, the BOB Duallie is superior off-road and feels lighter, but is way too long to use indoors in smaller spaces. The Techno Twin handles very well on smooth surfaces but it's impossible to use in snow.* Very compact fold. The City Select takes up half the trunk of my minivan, standing up, with all three rows up. If I need more space in back, I simply stash the stroller & seats in the second row of the minivan. In comparison, the Bob Duallie takes up 3/4 of the cargo area in the minivan. The Maclaren Techno, the whole width of cargo area, lying flat - it's too tall to place upright without it hitting the heads of people in the third row.* Huge storage basket - with the seats facing forward, the City Select has a huge basket. I've been able to finally go grocery shopping with the twins and fit a fair amount of groceries underneath (up to 15 lbs, plus I use the footwells for heavier items). When the seats rear facing, storage is more limited but still better than the Techno's. Zippers on all four corners allow you to fit large or long items in the basket, even with the seats reclined.* I'm able to fit two 7 lb. KidCo GoPod Portable Activity Seat - Pistachio or two 7 lb. bouncers BABYBJÖRN BabySitter Balance, Brown/Beige in the storage basket - the diaper bag hanging down from the mommy hook keeps them secure. No other double I have can do this - great for playgroups or when I need to take the babies out of the stroller for any reason and am alone.* Many accessories - you can get many different ones but I found that stroller accessories from other manufacturers also work, at a fraction of the price. For example, the universal Jeep rain shield fits each seat well or you can get a sngle cover for less, Baby Jogger City Select Double Rain Cover - Stroller Not Included. A Mommy Hook Stoller Hanger or Munchkin mommy hook can be placed on the handle to hold bags up to 8 lbs.* JJ Cole Urban Toddler Bundle Me - Stealth fit these seats perfectly - go with the toddler size which you'll use longer. Fully reclined, the seats work like carrycots - my babies sleep very comfortably in them.* Hand brake provides quick and secure locking of wheels.* Baby Jogger is coming out with a ride-on board for a third child in March 2010 but, if needed, the seats are wide enough (12 inches) and the canopy high enough for my 41" oldest child.* I attach a Lassig Messenger Eco-Friendly Diaper Bag which is larger than a regular bag and can be used on tandem/ side by side strollers. There are more than 40 colors on amazon and the covers can be changed for mom or dad and it's wide strap lets you use it with an Ergo carrier. Please note this is not recommended by the manufacturer.CONS:* The City Select can be hard to get up and down curbs - if you're pushing it forward; but if you pull it backwards up or down a curb, it's no harder that any other stroller (actually a bit easier because of the larger wheels in back). I've even brought it up and down stairs (empty of course).* It takes about a minute to fold and put away, as you have to take each seat off.STROLLER COMPARISON* There are two postions on the Select for the canopies, so headroom is 22"-24". The Bob Duallie's is 21" and the Maclarens can be adjusted to whatever height you need.* Seat back on the City Select is 18.5 inches - longer than a Maclaren Techno's (18") or Triumph's (17.5"). The Bob Duallie has 21" seatback but the canopy is flush so headroom is less, at 21" (unless the child leans forward).* Seat width for the City Select is 12.5", wider than Maclaren twin strollers (11.5") and the same as the Bob Duallie (12.5").* Seat depth on the City Select 2010 is 8" and on the 2011 it's 9". This is on par with the Maclaren's 9" deep seats. The Bob Duallie has 10" deep seats.* Footrests on the City Select can be extended from 8.5" to 10.5" below the seat. In comparison the other strollers' are shorter, the Triumph's is 7", the Techno 8.5" and the Duallie, 7.5".As a side note, the 2010 model costs much less than the 2011 model, which has been slightly redesigned with a more padded back and a deeper, firmer seat.