I just got this bag last night and I love it!!! When I first took it out of the box, I was momentarily bummed becase it didn't look that big. But i was surprised it can hold so much. The inside is not huge, I wish the bag as a whole was just a bit bigger. However, this bag is much bigger and more functional that any of the ones I have shopped for in the stores lately(babies-r-us, target, wal-mart etc). The picture of the inside of the bag shows that it has two pockets on the side, (one is holding diapers)and the other side has a pocket for the changing pad. Well the bag actually has 4 pockets....2 on each side( 2 on the side of the changing pad pocket side as well) The chaging pad pocket is actually on the outside of the main compartment with a cool magnetic snap. I was glad for that. Anyway, the four pockets in the main compartment are an AWESOME feature! Again, they dont LOOK that big, but you can hold a lot. I fit two size 5 diapers and travel wipes in one pocket, enough snacks for a 2 and 4 year old in the 2nd pocket, all my spoons, bibs, disp. placemats in the 3rd, and kleenex, and all my random stuff in the fourth! Everything is perfectly organized and I can find it in a snap. My main compartment is practically empty, which is just what I need for when my new baby is born. There is still plenty of room for extra clothes, bottles, a blanket, etc. Another feature I like, is on the inside, there are bottle holders at each side. My kids are not using bottles currently, so I stuck my round container of Wet-Ones antibacterial wipes in one side-holders and it fits great and stays in place. Again, it just adds to the organization factor of this bag! The outer pockets are great too...they are large and not mesh so it is more stylish. The bottom of the bag had 4 posts at each corner, so the bag is very sturdy and will not tip over. I have not tried the stroller attachements yet, but the components are very heavy and seem very good quality.Now, about the "mommy bag." I read bad reviews on it..like you cant even carry keys. That is so not true. Maybe she had a monster key ring. It is not the biggest bag, you could say it is small...but it is perfect for me and here is what I fit in mine..my wallet, travel wipes package, a small lotion, orbitz gum pack, lip gloss(2 actually), a pen, a mini perfume, and a travel brush. And its not even packed full to the brim. Now if you have one of those huge check-book length, fold over wallets, it will not fit. I just have a two fold "guy style" wallet with only my neccesities. But the purse has little slits on the side for credit cards or whatever.I read that the zippers are poor-quality, and I admit, mine sticks a little when I pull it, but my husband says its because it is crafted with big zipper teeth to be stronger. I don't care what that means, I just hope it doesnt split.The bag itself is so cute and it doesnt even look like a diaper bag. My husband says it looks just like my big huge coach purse. I ordered the Flatiron Floaral design, which I was worried might be a little obnoxious, but it is very cute. The floral style was the cheapest...I paid $[...] total with shippig. I don't see how this bag could actually cost $[...], however. I think it would need to be much bigger to match up to that price, and all leather or something. But then again, I am a bargain shopper.Overall, I like this bag a lot..okay, love it I guess. I have had about 4 diaper bags now and none compare. I love how it keeps everything organized, and the mommy purse is just an awesome concept. I do wish it was a bit larger, but you could always get the Duo Deluxe if you need something majorly huge.I hope this review helps...I know I had tons of questions before I bought it. I am a busy mommy(the only reason I have time to type this is because I am suffering from pregnancy insomnia and it is VERY early in the a.m.!)and I think this bag will make my life a little easier!*********UPDATE*******After owning this bag for a year and a half, I am very dissapointed with the construction quality. Almost immediately, the fabric surrounding the magnetic snap started to rip. And now the metal rings at the base of the handles have broken out of the stitching. Yes, I used my bag often, but for the price, the construction quality is unacceptable. My target diaper bag is more durable.