I spend a lot of time looking at and comparing products before I buy one--especially when it comes to baby/toddler safety products.  I looked at almost all the other bed rails before purchasing this one, and I'm thrilled with it.First of all, it's very easy to assemble and install.  It took my husband about 5 to 10 minutes to put everything together.  He said it was easy.  The system used for making sure the bed rail doesn't push out from the side of the bed is a very simple strap system that installs quickly, even with our new heavy, super-plush twin beds.  Once installed, the bed rail doesn't budge an inch.  Also, the mechanism for folding the bedrail down (completely down!) when you want to make a bed is very easy...just slip the lock to the side, and then use a hand on each side of the bedrail to lift and fold--easy for adults, but not at all obvious for kids.  When you're done making the bed, just fold the rail back up and it clicks itself into place.Second, it looks great.  It's clean, crisp white--not some of the other glaring colors I've seen in other bed rails.  It's very tall (perfect for the thick mattresses sold these days), and very long.  We keep it in the upright position once the bed is made, but it's simple enough to fold that you could keep it folded down and more out of sight when the bed is made.Third (and maybe this should have been second ;), it's safe.  Very safe.  We're using it with our two five-year olds, and the height of it is perfect for them.  I don't think they could roll or push themselves out of bed if they tried.  The frame is very sturdy.  It comes with a bar that goes through the middle of the mesh (covered and padded, of course).  It's removeable if you want (or if your bed is too thick), but we keep it in because it seems to add even more sturdiness and strength.I couldn't be happier with this product.  All of the others I looked at seemed to be either a mess to install, or they didn't fold down, or they looked awful.  This one was great on all three counts!