Although my 16 month-old had been drinking water from straw sippy cups and regular cups since about 7 months old, she'd staunchly refused to drink milk out of anything but a bottle.  Thanks to a desperate Google search, I discovered 2 brands of sippy cups that were highly recommended for transitioning reluctant babies off their bottles ... the first was the Thinkbaby Sippy Cup, and the second was this Nuk Active Cup.  I first tried the Thinkbaby cup because it was immediately available at a brick-and-mortar retail store, but I also ordered the Nuk Active Cup on Amazon, just in case.  While the Thinkbaby Sippy Cup was successful in helping my daughter transition from her bottle, its spout seemed uncomfortably large in her mouth, and more importantly, the spout would collapse every time she drank from it, cutting off the flow of milk and frustrating her.  Therefore, I switched to the Nuk Active Cup as soon as it arrived a couple of days later.  My little-one took to it easily, and she hasn't looked back since.The silicone spout has a similar mouth-feel to her bottle nipple, which eased the bottle-to-sippy transition.  In addition, the Nuk Active Cup with the Hello Kitty design has measurement markings on the cup, so you can tell how much your child is drinking.  (NOTE: This is the only design of Nuk Active Cup that has measurements on the cup, so if this feature is important to you, please make sure to buy the Hello Kitty cup rather than the other designs).  Unlike the Thinkbaby cup, the spout on the Nuk Active Cup doesn't collapse because it has an x-shaped valve that lets air into the cup to replace the liquid being sucked out.  This also keeps the flow of liquid nice and steady as baby drinks.  The travel cap, cover and belt-clip make the cup very easy to take with you on-the-go.  And lastly, this cup is adorable and my little-one loves it!The Nuk Active Cup does closely resemble a bottle, so I'm planning to transition my toddler to more traditional sippy cups (with smaller spouts) soon, and then ultimately, to regular cups, since those are better for her oral development.  Though the Nuk Active Cup might not be an ideal long-term drinking cup for toddlers, it's absolute god-send if you're trying to coax a reluctant toddler into giving up their baby bottle.Grade: A