I recently ordered and started using five of the AppleCheeks Size 2 covers and these inserts. First of all I will say that they fit perfectly into the size 2 covers...I can't imagine them fitting into a smaller diaper! So if you are buying Size 1s, I'm willing to bet these will NOT work well for you! They would have to be folded over at the end, since they are long. And that would be just too bulky!  That said, in Size 2 they are fairly trim, a bit thicker than my bamboo inserts, but that's usually just the case with microfiber/terry I think. They certainly do absorb a lot! I don't know how the other reviewer could say that they don't work well enough on their own for day time use. My daughter is an average wetter...and it takes more than 3 hours to soak this insert. I mean, when using any type of cloth diaper you are going to have to change more frequently than with disposables. But we have never had a leak in the few weeks we have been using these so far and that includes for naps! I don't cloth diaper at night, so I can't offer any advice on night usage. On the AppleCheeks website they describe two ways of using the inserts...they can be stuffed in the pocket with the red stitching facing up. Or you can just lay the insert inside the cover (with fleece side facing up against baby's skin). There is even a convenient tag reminding which way the insert should face. I bought twice as many of these inserts hoping to use them in the second way, just laying on top of the cover, since you could theoretically re-use the cover twice by just changing to a new insert. However in practice I found that the inserts tend to bunch up and twist as baby moves, when not stuffed into the pocket. So I have extra inserts that are basically useless...I would recommend only buying one insert per cover and stuffing. Then you can only use the whole diaper once before washing...but it all stays in place. In all I like these for Size 2s. But in my opinion if you are buying Size 1 AppleCheeks, go with a different insert.