Note: For some reason Amazon is listing this product in the children's toys/games category, which it's clearly not. Anyway, moving on...We needed a bed rail for our toddler, who just moved into a bunk bed. Since the mattress is set in to the frame, most folding guard rails won't work -- the lip of the bed frame would interfere with them. Plus, our bunk bed has slats under the mattress, so side rails with "arms" under the mattress wouldn't have a sturdy base.This rail works great on bunk beds or other "pocket" beds with in-set mattresses and slats. The vertical rail is thin & narrow so it can easily fit between the mattress and the lip/frame of the bed. Instead of the normal supporting "arms" underneath the mattress, this rail uses cloth straps that stretch across the underside of the mattress. There's a round disc or puck that sticks up on the opposite side of the mattress to hook and secure the strap tightly. In this way the bed rail is secured with the wight and width of the mattress itself.The rail itself is sturdy and seems like it will hold up well. Note that it doesn't cover the entire length of the bed, maybe about 2/3 of it. We left a 1-ft gap where his head is and 3-ft or so by his feet. This is perfect for us since it makes it easy for him to get in and out, and for us to lay him in (it would be hard if the rail went the entire length of the bed, since the top bunk would limit our overhead room to lay him in). Anyway, if you're super concerned about covering 100% of the bed length this isn't the rail for you, but covering the section they sleep in is what's really important.The rail doesn't fold but again it's a non-issue for us since we use the open area near the foot of the bed to lay him in. The material seems of good quality and honestly we can just forget the rail is even there. We have no complaints about it at all!We're very pleased with this rail and would recommend it to anyone who needs a sturdy, secure side rail for their bunk bed or pocket/in-set bed.