I love this bag!!! I was looking for something slightly larger than my current small bag - I think it may actually be smaller, but it's way more efficient! Under the outer flap there is some sort of clear "pocket", which I've found no use for except maybe a few wet nap packs.  The flap pocket itself contains a key hook, 4 credit card sleeves, 2 pen holders and will fit a small - medium sized wallet (possibly large, it it's not too fat). There is a cell phone holder on the shoulder strap which fits my LG Ally perfectly.  The larger zip pocket contains the standard zip pouch in most purses, 3 (large, medium and small) netted pouches & 1 pocket with an adjustable strap to close it off.  The shoulder strap is adjustable. (I'm 5'4 & at the smallest setting it fits perfectly, it appears to adjust about 6 inches longer.) This is a minimalists bag...it is definately not designed for an all day trip or for mothers who carry everything "just in case".  It is perfect for grocery store runs, short visits to a friends house and the like. It can hold a plastic wipe holder 3-4 diapers, a couple of bottles, extra outfit, a few basic needs and my wallet very comfortably. More will certainly fit in it, but a lot more would cause it to be overstuffed and bulky as some of the other reviewers complained about. The best thing about the bag is it fits over the shoulder (across chest) you could wear it in the front, but I wear mine on the lower back/hip area & as long as it's not overstuffed - you'll never even know its there. I carry my 6 month old on my hip (same side as bag) & it never gets in the way. My shoulder bag is constantly bulky under my arm & falls off my shoulder if I bend over - I've even had it fall forward & hit my son when I bent over checking on him. This is a really great bag - just remember it is not made to hold 3 outfits, 6 bottles, 10 diapers, a tub of wipes, the first aid kit & your overstuffed wallet! (Oh, my old small bag was the 'Baby Sac Microfiber Mini Bag - Black/Blue' if that helps with reference to size.)