I'm eight months pregnant and I assembled this myself. It's idiot proof -- trust me! They manufactured it so that you can't screw it up. If you assemble something incorrectly, it won't fit together in the end.It took me most of a whole day, start-to-finish to put it together. (I mentioned that I'm eight months pregnant, right?) That's being extremely careful and meticulous: Getting out all the parts and pieces and laying them out, cleaning the little static-clinged, styrofoam "boogers" off each piece (so they wouldn't scatter on the carpet and dirty up the nursery); checking to make sure all the pieces I needed had been included in the box (they had); reading ahead on the directions to make sure I was mentally prepared; and finding music to listen to on my iPod while I worked. Your mileage may vary -- OBVIOUSLY.Put together, the piece is way more impressive than the product image. The cherry is rich and deep and looks much more expensive than it cost. It's pretty sturdy too. I bonked pieces into each other by accident (that whole "pregnancy klutz" thing shining through) and nothing marred. I scraped off a teeny-tiny smidge of finish on one of the slats that I probably couldn't find now. And that was after I dropped one whole side on top of another (while I was trying to balance them to screw them together).You don't need any tools to assemble this -- it comes with everything you need in labeled blister packs. No plastic baggies with bolts rolling around. These people are meticulous about letting you know which pieces are which! They include the only "power tool" you need -- an Allen wrench.One word of caution: installing the mattress support brackets is a bee-yotch. The wood pieces are a breeze to put together and the actual metal "bars" that run underneath the mattress area are as well. But placing the little brackets on the bar-support system correctly almost made me cry and cuss. It's confusing on the directions which way it goes and how it's supposed to be installed. But thankfully, there is only ONE WAY TO DO IT RIGHT! But when it IS finally installed the right way, it still looks kind of counter-intuitive. The bolts don't fit flush for some reason ON PURPOSE. They are still sturdy and hold the system in place (trust me, I rattled and yanked on it to make sure), they just look funny.Beautiful crib for the money. I'm impressed. And I'm pretty finicky.