We got this seat in a different colour nearly two years ago for our then 4 month old son, who was already outgrowing his infant seat. We've loved it since then!When we purchased the seat we drove an 02 Kia Rio, and it was BIG for that car, I will admit - we couldn't put it in the middle of the rear seat because we would have had to move both front seats way forward, and as I am 6'0 and my husband is 6'3, we really couldn't move the driver's side seat forward. So it did make sitting in the passenger front seat a little uncomfortable at that point. However, about a year and a half ago we switched to a minivan, and it fit wonderfully there rear-facing! We turned it to forward facing when our son's legs got too long to fit comfortably rear-facing, and it's been wonderful since then.We've gone on several very long trips, including one 3-day one-way, 8-12hrs per day, trip to Cleveland for a wedding. My son sat in this seat very comfortably for the entire drive. By the last day on the return trip he was no longer running to his carseat and putting himself into it, but I really can't blame him for that!There have been a couple of frustrations. The straps do twist easily if you're not paying attention - I don't have any problems with them because when I take them off of my son I make sure not to twist them, but my husband does occasionally get frustrated with having to untwist them to put him back into the seat after he's taken him out. My mother has a horrible time getting the buckle to release, so it's possible that it's not a great carseat if you've got weak hands or arthritis. We've used the seat daily for a couple of years, and I've found that the height adjustment for the back of the seat doesn't move as easily any more; nor does the seat recline open as easily. I don't know if it's just that they've been in the one spot for so long, or what.The seat is easy to install, but our vehicle is pre-LATCH, so I don't know how the LATCH system works. The cover removes easily and washes well, and I love that the cupholders can be easily detatched - since the birth of our second son, we've had to take one cupholder off so that this seat and the infant seat can both fit on the middle bench of our minivan together.The biggest drawback I'm finding is that I can't find the seat in the same colours as the one my older son has, so I don't think I'm going to be able to have the boys' car seats match!