This is exactly what I hoped for. The rigid collar of the nursing cover allows me to see my baby's face and to help guide her to the breast. The material is nice and breathable, so she doesn't get overheated and sweaty while wearing it, and it has a very nice pattern to boot. The fact that it is machine washable is also very nice.A few notes, though, that'll hopefully give you a better idea if this is the right cover for you:1. If you want something that will give you full, 360 degree coverage, you'll want to look elsewhere. This really only covers your front, where the baby is nursing. This was perfect for me since I've used a nursing cover that covers both front and back and thought it was a pain... but if you would rather have the security of fuller coverage, this won't be for you.2. Once you have the baby in position and nursing, it's easiest to hold the baby with your arm on the outside of the nursing cover (as shown in the product picture) and to pull the cover tight so it isn't drooping onto your baby's face. Whenever I tried to hold my baby with the cover hanging over both her and my arms, she would grab onto the loose material and pull it over her head, so I could no longer see her through the opening created by the rigid collar.3. Aside from the obvious modesty of "nursing cover prevents people from seeing my exposed flesh," the cover has also helps to minimize distractions for my now 4-month-old easily-distracted baby. So, while wearing the cover, she won't suddenly break off from nursing just because somebody entered the room and she wants to see who it is. (We'll see if this lasts as she gets older.) I've read in some other reviews that the pattern of the nursing cover itself distracted their baby, so you may want to consider the black eyelet nursing cover if you think that might be a problem for your child. It's not muslin, but it is 100% cotton; I haven't tried it myself, but it's by the same company so it's worth a look.4. This is probably just common sense, but it didn't occur to me until after using it: the rigid collar that allows you to see the baby will also allow people who are standing next to you to see the baby while you're sitting down. To be clear, this isn't a problem if someone is sitting next to you or standing opposite to you, as someone might during a regular conversation. I only really had a problem with this while sitting on a low couch and a female friend came over to look at the baby through the opening created by the rigid collar. (Most people, I think, are polite enough to not peek without asking permission first.) You can always adjust the collar once the baby is settled to avoid this problem, and for me, personally, the slight possibility of someone seeing a bit of cleavage is a negligible concern when it comes to feeding my child. :) However, it's something you may want to take into account when purchasing.