I find these to be quite convenient for giving my baby breastmilk from the bottle. With the Playtex One-Step storage system, I pump directly into the liner and stick it in the fridge, and then I can pop it in a nurser when it's time to feed. My husband and other caregivers are quite glad at the ease of putting it all together when they're juggling a crying baby.As advice to others, I wonder whether the original nurser gift set might be better, because it comes with multiple different kinds of nipples, whereas this set only comes with the silicone slow flow. We've lucked out, in that my baby seems happy with it and switches easily from breast to bottle and vice versa; however, it might have been handy to be able to try different kinds to see which the babe likes best. The shells in this set are more modern looking, but I can't see how that matters. I'm pretty sure the pieces for both are interchangeable. Nice that the silicone nipples in this set (and all the other pieces; latex nipples are less hardy) are dishwasher safe, and can be repeatedly boiled for sterilization if desired.The short shells in this set are fine, and it's easier to reach in the bottom to squish the liner with your fingers (to help it collapse; the drop-in liners are relatively more shape-holding than regular liners, so they can suck in air), but usually my baby has more than 4 oz at a sitting; in the 8oz size shell, the burper is nice (it's hard to reach in when the liner is less full), but it doesn't squish the liner all the way, so we end up taking off the shell and using our fingers for the last 2 oz or so. I have never had any problem with leaking.I like the disposable bit of this system, since the nipples, collars, and lids take up enough space and cleaning effort without having a bunch of bottles around as well. Liners are pricy if you use a lot (about $5 for 50 at Walgreens), but since we only use a bottle a day, it doesn't seem like much. They also freeze easily. This set came with one adapter for a breast pump (I use an Ameda Purely Yours, and they fit together perfectly), and the One-Step comes with another, so I can use the double pumping without buying any other pieces. Overall, I'm very happy with this set.