I was extremely impressed with this bag when it arrived. It's large but not too bulky. It doesn't weigh much which is a big plus when you load your diaper bag down like I do. I don't need a bag that's already 3 lbs empty when I add more weight and have a baby on the other arm. The Zebra print is really thin fabric and a soft short fuzzy fur like material. Love all the pockets - I NEED a ton of pockets! There's a large one on the back side the size of the diaper bag. Perfect for plenty of diapers for my newborn and toddler. There's 2 exterior pockets on each side with a flap that velcros over the top. There's several pockets inside - some that are even insulated! Very cool feature. The drawer is pretty neat and the changing pad is the largest I've ever seen. It also has the best location that was so well thought out! It folds up really tiny and slips into a pocket on the inside of the flap. So where it closes and rests on top of the bag, that part of the flap has a slot to slide the changing pad in. But it's not bulky so you don't even know it's there. I found it only by accident. Also, the flap has 2 velcro strips that go down the flap vertically that attach to a horizontal velcro strip on the bag itself. So you can close the flap tighter on the bag or if it's really full and overflowing, you can velcro it closer to the bottom of the flap and it allows for more to come up higher out of the top of the bag (no support on the sides though) and still keep it closed. There are so many times when my baby is bundled in a big bulky blanket and later I need somewhere to put it but my diaper bag is already full so there's no room. This flap is perfect cuz I can stuff the blanket on top and still velcro the flap down to keep it from falling out. The shoulder strap can be unhooked to convert to 2 backpack straps.My only con that I can see to this bag is the material. I feel like it wont hold up for very long because it seems too thin. I foresee the seems ripping later and getting holes in the bottom. Also the type of material seems like it would get dirty really easy and would have to actually be washed in the washer rather than just wiped with a rag. Once again, this would probably decrease the longevity of the material. I'm not sure about the other colors separate from the Zebra - maybe they are a different material. But I don't like them enough to want one of those being an accessory to my outfit everyday.I'm a diaper bag prude. I have looked at / tested out over 35 diaper bags ranging from $20-$300 and still haven't found one that I truly LOVE for everyday use. I really think this would be THE perfect bag if it just had a sturdier material. It disappoints me because I really want to keep this bag but I'm not sure the price is worth it. If it were closer to $40, I'd keep it and just buy another when it wears out. But $75 is kinda steep when it seems like it wont last very long...