We have used Flips since my baby's umbilical cord fell off, when he was about 3 weeks and 8 pounds. We used disposables in the newborn period due to merconium poops and the fact that these do not accommodate the umbilical stump.  They have held up well with repeated washings.  At 8 months, we ordered 2 more covers for day care and compared them to the ones we had been using- you could barely tell which were new and which we used.  Now, at 22 months of use, the legs are becoming stretched out some, but we are having no issues with leaking or fit and will continue using them until he is potty trained.  (He was 20 months of age and 26 pounds in the last picture).  Initially, I thought I might sell these once we are finished with them, but I am now thinking that they may not have much life left once they have been used for 2.5-3 years.  Even still, we more than got our money's worth on the Flips!  We plan to keep the inserts for odd jobs around the house (garage/cleaning cloths) and will let our daughter use the covers for her baby dolls.Initially, we doubled the stay dry inserts at night. Around 4 months of age, my baby began wetting so much that he leaked at night. Now we double with a hemp insert from Thirsties and have had no leaks due to saturation. We have had some leaks due to fit as he has grown, but the issue was resolved by adjusting the rise or tightness at the waist.We exclusively cloth diaper and have 10 covers (we had only 8 covers until baby was 8 months old and that would have been sufficient but I wanted more so my day care provider would have a clean cover for every change), 30 stay dry inserts (which is more than plenty- probably could've bought 24), and 4 hemp inserts in our stash.  I've had no issues with the inserts bunching or moving around unless they are super, super saturated with urine (which is very rare)- just lay them in there and you're set.  Do be sure that no part of the insert pokes out the leg hole (see my photo of month one- that probably ended in a leak!).  Also make sure to always have the microfiber side down as my mother-in-law once put it in upside down and my son developed a rash quickly.We tend to wash every other day but can go every three days if needed. Initially, we had to wash every other day and sometimes every day because we ran out of covers when my baby was younger used to poop more frequently. When they are really little, the cover pretty much always needs washed if baby poops (until my baby started solids, when I could sometimes shake the poop off). Sometimes it also needs washed because the stretchy tabs are saturated with urine after an overnight usage. With all that washing (I do a prewash with half detergent, wash with Charlie's Soap on hot, and extra rinse in my front loader),  the diapers and inserts look like the day I bought them. I do always line dry the covers (they dry super fast) and use a half cup of bleach on the inserts about once a month to get rid of stains and funk.I will also add that we used the disposable inserts when traveling out of town. They were great!  A little pricier than non-premium disposables (when we used sposies with our first two kids, we purchased them from Costco at around twenty four cents each).  I changed diapers every 2 hours in the flip disposable insert, too, which was somewhat more frequent than a regular disposable.  I haven't tried just a disposable insert alone at night- I don't think it would hold up without leaking.  When traveling, we brought the hemp inserts and used them under the stay dry insert overnight. I have used the disposable inserts underneath a stay dry insert overnight when my hemp inserts weren't dry enough to use (they take forever to dry once washed), and that worked great.I have found cloth diapering to be much easier than expected. I EBF the first 6 months, so I just tossed all diapers in a dry pail without prerinsing. They always came out clean from the wash. When we started solid foods at 6 months, I used the shower head to spray the poopy diapers off into the toilet, wring out, and drop in the pail.  We tried those flushable liners, but they gave my baby a terrible rash (I use Angel Baby Bottom Balm with my cloth diapers-it is wonderful). Cloth diapering has been an adventure, requiring a little problem solving as baby has grown and changed, but has definitely been economical and resulted in much less waste. I calculated that we broke even on our investment after using the diapers, inserts, wipes, 2 diaper pail liners, and wet/dry bag for the diaper bag for four months. Now it's like we diaper for free, aside from a little extra on the water bill.I haven't tried any other cloth diaper because the flips were a great price and have worked well for our situation. I hope that my review helps you decide if they will be a good fit for you!