So here is my 6 month review (my original review is on the butterfly regular, but it wouldn't let me review again).I cannot say enough about these.  I tell anyone who will listen about them and I adore them.  I have always been a pad girl as opposed to tampons.  I eventually went with the cup because I was tired of bleeding through disposables.  But the cup fad blew over pretty quickly for me.  It's messy, a pain to put in, and sometimes take out.  I bought these as a back up to my cup, but in fact I have not used the cup for the last six months.  Both these and the regular are so absorbent that they do just fine on their own.  I have always had extremely heavy periods with bad cramps that last 7 days.  Within the first use of switching completely to reusables, I noticed a definite decrease in my cramps and in my flow.  My period now lasts 4-6 days and I have only 1-2 heavy days.  I use the super for heavy days (I have one set) and the regular for the rest of the days (I have two sets of those).  And my cramps are pretty much non existent.  I have them on the first day, but they are minor and easy to deal with.  Even my husband has mentioned how I don't complain about my cramps as much anymore.  I had read in other reviews that other women also noticed a decrease in cramps and flow.  I wasn't expecting it, but it did happen.  There are a lot of chemicals in the disposables that apparently cause a lot of problems for some women.I have horror stories of bleeding through disposables and bleeding straight through my pants and being out in public.  My whole teenage and early adult years were like this.  Can I say I have not bled through these one time?Six months in and I know I'll never go back to disposables or tampons, so I'm getting rid of the ones I have that are left over.  And I will probably only be using my cup when we're on vacation when washing pads just isn't ideal.  I really love these and no longer dread my period.  Having your period is just not a big deal when you're using these.Final word:  stains are not an issue.  I have one that stained, but I realized that has more to do with my first day being a lot of spotting mixture, rather than blood.  Now I just use that pad on my first day since it's already stained.  All the others come out just perfectly and I even let them sit overnight.  One I forgot about and it sat for three days and still no issue.  And no smell with these.  Something about all the chemicals in the disposables makes a bad smell, but not with these.I could keep writing all day.  I really cannot say enough good things about these pads - both regular and super.