While not perfect the Thermos Foogo stainless steel sippy cup beats all the other sippy cups we've tried and we've tried many kinds with our first kid who's now almost 5 yrs 8 mos old and is still using them since we first bought them almost 2 yrs ago. There are many things I love about these sippy cups. One is that the main body is stainless steel which gives it durability and lessens the exposure to plastic (even BPA free plastics might not be any safer). While they have a few dents they're still working great. They're much better than the other sippy cups we've tried. All the plastic sippy cups we've bought from Target, Walmart, our local grocery store, Amazon, etc. eventually were chewed up (he loved gnawing on the mouth pieces), the cap threads went bad and they leaked, the valves made it too difficult to drink, or they got mold in the creases where the silicone parts fused with the plastic, etc. Tried a "green" one with a glass interior but that broke after a few drops. Anyhow, these have lasted the longest, and I'm ordering a few more for my second son. Had we purchased these outright from the beginning we would have saved ourselves lots of money. Buying replacement straws and silicone tops are easy and cheap although as others mentioned you'll need to call their customer service at 1-800-831-9242. You'll need the item's model number which you can get from the product's details. Straws with the silicone tops come as a single item and are $1 each, you can only buy 5 at most per day, plus $3 shipping. I just ordered a set of 5 for $8 total and they should arrive in 8-10 business days. (Wish they were available on Amazon.) My son likes these cups too. We put in a couple ice cubes with his water and it keeps the water cold most of the day. Note, if you don't assemble the silicone part to the cap properly, like if it's not aligned, it might leak. Also, as the cold liquid warms and expands it might push out the top straw and leak but only if it's left open; closed with the cap down it won't leak. This would happen with any straw type sippy cup. These are great.