Ultimately you're looking for something that audibly & visually monitors your baby. This is a pretty good product for that purpose. There is no biometric measurement, which would have made this a complete all-round product.Camera: Colours are a little off during the 'day' mode as if the reg/green/blue is just off a little. Doesn't affect the monitoring. As mentioned in other reviews, the camera will "freeze" for a second every 7 seconds or so but it's not bad. The night mode is good - obviously black and white - no colour here and does need to be played around with to get the best display for you. For both you are able to change the contrast and brightness to make the video display appear as you wish. This is a can require playing with the balance to avoid the screen to appear without "vignetting" (darker around the outside) - especially in night mode. Consideration with the positioning of the camera and the settings will help with this. Video resolution is fine - you're probably not going to be able to tell if you're baby is breathing all the time, and the audio won't necessarily pick it up. If you're concerned about this, get something with biometrics.Audio: We had a seperate audio unit previously and the audio pickup on this unit is as good. No qualms here.Battery Life: Poor. Maybe 1 - 2 hours and that's your lot. Would be nice if they had improved this somewhat.Other features: Has the usual music/nature sounds, small orange night light settings which you can turn off from the monitor handset or the the unit itself.Setting up the unit:A bracket and cable tidy come with the unit. When setting up the unit to be placed on the wall it's worthwhile having someone on hand to help you set up the position of the unit - and a baby or something babyesque to prove out that when they move around the camera is well positioned. Trying it out in night mode might be the best way to do this so you know worst case visual. Obviously the further away from the baby the wider the viewing, but also the less definition on t the baby.In 2 weeks of having this unit we've been very pleased; the extra time setting up the unit on the bracket has paid off and no amount of wiggling around the crib goes undetected! :)