After delivering, a lactation consultant visited me and got me situated with pumping, recommending I stick with the 24 mm standard shields. I didn't know any better. For 4 weeks I pumped with the 24 mm shields with mild discomfort. The initial few minutes of pumping were not a big deal but the remaining 20+ minutes I would pump for would get increasingly more uncomfortable. My supply was ok, but nipples were SO sensitive and tender... and then I got a clogged duct in my left breast. That breast also would remain full feeling and not empty like the right would. Then week 5 hit and things got even more uncomfortable. I started to get bruising at the tips of my nipples (mind you I pump on the first third of the settings, rarely higher), pumping was excruciating to the point I thought I might quit all together, and my areolas were very pink and tender. I had purchased the 21 mm shields before I had delivered because I had small breasts, small areolas, and flat nipples so I figured that might be my size. Anyways, I decided to pull out the 21 mm shields and give them a try... what a world of difference! While things are still tender around my areolas, not nearly as much of it is getting pulled in and rubbing with each suck. The bruising subsided in two days and my output has increased because now my left breast is being emptied!If you are experiencing discomfort while pumping I highly recommend looking at photos of what it should look like when the shield is on. As someone with flat nipples, this can be very hard to discern, however after many weeks of pumping I have a noticeable outline or slight milk crust around my actual nipples. This will not develop around your areolas so it gives you a guide as to where your nipples end and areola begins. And for less than $10 you can try out the shield to see if it gives you some relief - if it does, I'd say that's $10 VERY well spent!As for if this is a true Medela product or not... I don't know and I don't really care. They do have a shorter tube than the 24 mm I received with my pump and look like they are made of thicker plastic but they fit with all other parts and do what they are intended to do.