I'm 5 months old now and it feels like I've been stuck in this precrawling stage for an eternity. There you are lying on your back, staring at the ceiling, and nothing is within reach. You keep yelling at your mom or dad to play with you but all they do is stick a pacifier in your mouth or sing out-of-tune songs with made-up lyrics.Thankfully, my parents got me a toy that I can actually use.-The arch curves over my head and hangs toys at a perfect height for me to grab.-The mirror isn't exactly the most flattering but it gets the job done. BTW, I'm a handsome devil.-The piano keys are difficult to reach and don't really make much sense to me right now but might be cool later in my life.-When I roll over, I can see the art on the pad. It's no Picasso, but we can't all be geniuses. The pad is made of quality, thick material which helps prevent my vomit from soaking into the floor. Yeah, I love my mom's breast milk and eat way too much of it until I vomit. So sue me.There are some negatives:-The overall durability of the toy is good as long as it is handled gently. Unfortunately, I have a couple older siblings who didn't get the memo. They detach the hanging toys which are only held on by C-clamps. Then they run all over the house and leave the toys everywhere. Once I start to mobilize, I'll be able to retrieve them, but until then, my parents have to pick them up for me all the time. It's probably getting a bit annoying for them.-The arch is easily detachable from the base. I wish it locked in place so my siblings couldn't run around the house swinging it like they are swashbuckling pirates. Seriously, grow up.Overall, this is a well-made toy that is great for precrawlers like me. Once I learn to crawl, I probably won't be sticking around much anymore. It's possible I'll take the hanging toys and the detachable piano with me on my adventures. If I'm not too busy, I'll come back and update this review.UPDATEJan 2015 - Happy new year, everybody. I bit my tongue for the first time. Somebody really should have warned me about molars. My, it's a rough world out there!