I saw these and realized that they would be very handy to have on my stroller. My son loves to throw everything I hand him, so keeping things off the ground is difficult. We purchased an umbrella stroller instead of a big travel system, but not having the child’s tray is a huge sacrifice. I’m constantly looking for new ways to keep snacks and toys within his reach when we’re out and about for shopping trips and while watching our older daughter play sports. Even though the jogging stroller I run with and take to the park has a tray, I still use these to make sure things don’t end up on the ground. Here’s what I like and don’t like about this product.Positives:-inexpensive: I paid $4 for these, which seems to be a great price. I did think to myself that I could make them for slightly cheaper and get the exact button position and length I want, but honestly I’m not crafty enough for that. So this was a bargain.-Keeps items close: I use this for my “Munchkin Snack Catcher”. It loops easily around the handle and keeps the cup from falling/being thrown on the ground. I can also use it for any toy with a loop and some toys that are shaped right. I use one for the snack cup and one for a toy, then they secure around the side post of my umbrella stroller or jogging stroller (I’m posting a picture). This is a very easy, portable, inexpensive solution.-Variety of uses: I found a few uses for them other than my stroller, I use them at restaurants to hang a toy on to help keep him busy and shopping carts to hold his snack cup while we’re shopping. They could be hung on his car seat to hold toys within his reach. I’m sure with some creativity there are a variety of other uses for these straps.Negatives:-Limitations: It holds some things great, but the items either have to be pretty much the right length or have a loop. So, while it holds my sons snack cup well, it won’t hold any of our sippy cups. They either have handles that have an opening where the strap can slip off (Tommee tippee, Nuk, Playtex) or there are no handles and the strap doesn't hold it. I’m going to be looking for a sippy cup that works.-Button placement: There are 3 female end buttons on the inside that the male ends can be placed in to make it adjustable. I wish there were more female ends so the loop could have a wider variety of adjustments. It’s just a half a centimeter off from being able to snap around the thin waist section of my hourglass shaped Nubby sippy cups. It wouldn't add much more cost to throw a few extra buttons on there.For the price I think they are very handy and plan to order an extra set with my next Amazon purchase. I love that they come in a wide variety of colors, but I will just stick to black and white, which helps them blend in. This would be a great little “extra” to give as a baby shower gift. I don’t hesitate to give it 5 stars, despite the few issues I have. For how inexpensive the price, they are very handy and I do “love it”.