I ordered the Joovy ultralight caboose and it arrived in 2 days. Right out of the box I already knew I loved it. But I was worried if it was the right choice without having tried any others so we test drove it in the living room, then went to some stores to test drive others. I played out every scenario I could think of that we might encounter while out with the boys (3.5 yr old and 3 month old). So this is a long review, but should hit all the things on your checklist.We tested the Baby Trend sit n stand but the front didn't recline much so that was ruled out.  The double sit n stand was a bus, so eve though their add on seat reclined more, it was just a huge stroller and we ruled it out too. Then I discovered that Graco had a simple sit n stand. It fully reclined, but everything felt cheaply made, especially the seat and canopy. Also the canopy was really useless. All of those other options were much heavier, longer, bulkier, harder to push, larger when folded, and harder to fold. So we came back to the Joovy.Here are all the aspects I tested:*parent console - The new Joovy ultralight comes with the parent console, which only holds waterbottles (not takeout cups or coffee) but honestly, that isn't a setback because first off any bump will send your coffee splashing up out of the hole in the lid anyway so I never put my coffee in the cup holder of our single stroller. I have a Brica cup holder if I really need that option anyway. The pockets are great for a burp cloth, some tissues, a pacifier, my cell, etc.*basket - The basket is big and can fit alot.  It is also a sturdier material, not mesh or bouncy elastic at all. Yes, the basket isn't really accessible enough to put a large diaper bag in there but baskets under strollers have weight limits anyway so most bags are too heavy and shouldn't even be in there. I either carry mine, or use stroller clips from the child handles on the back when my 3 yr old is walking beside me. You can also place your diaper bag on the bench while the rear rider is standing. And when he is sitting, I have a way that I sling it over the handlebar and it really is not in his way. We use the basket for a blanket, a hoodie,shopping bags, snack bag, etc. the outside of the basket has velcro pockets as well which are great for small items or quick grab things like tissues or a plastic bag for trash.*Front seat - The front seat fully reclines, has decent height, is padded, sturdy, nice quality material.  The buckle is easy to clip and open, no struggles. The foot rest goes down or straight out for little ones. Win!*Bench - The back bench is same nice quality material and padded (also doesn't slide off the bench like other brands do).  The bench slides back n forth, but only if you don't snap the straps to hold it in place.  I think those who complained of the seat sliding while their kid was sitting, didn't read the manual or see these under the seat. You can secure the seat back for standing or front for sitting. Sliding the seat forward also gives you a little more access to the basket. There is a seat belt for the bench and you can tuck the straps down into the basket below when not in use.*canopy- This canopy is awesome. It is very sturdy, stays where you put it, and can open all the way to cover both riders when sitting back to back. Love love love a good sun shade. You can also fold in the smaller section and just use the main part open if you need less coverage.*Stroller frame - The entire construction is very strong and sturdy. The foam handle is good quality material just like all the materials used.*Use - This rolls smoothly and maneuvers beautifully. And you really CAN push it with one hand!  (One handed steering may be a little tough with 2 riders and especially if one is 4+ or heavy, but that would be the same on any double stroller with all that weight in it). Folds easily and has a latch to keep it in place. It's not a one handed fold (2 triggers to pull back on), but I put the kids in the car before putting this away anyway so I wouldn't be holding a baby while putting away a stroller. It doesn't stand when folded, the sides are very flat so it can stand nicely on its side. I think that feature of standing after folding typically adds bulk anyway so this doesn't bother me. When folded,  it's about the size of a standard single. There is some added height from the canopy but you could remove that if it was a problem for your trunk. I think this would fit in any standard size trunk though. I am not sure about tiny cars like the Fit or Mini Cooper, etc though but I am sure you would get an answer if you post a question about that. We have a minivan and it fits in the area behind the seats seats just fine. It's lightweight both for pushing and lifting.Review of riding positions:*We have the seat only one position reclined when the car seat is installed, so that our 3 yr old can have the option to sit or stand. Sometimes he is leaning forward just slightly but he doesn't complain and it's really not much.*If the seat is fully reclined, the back rider can only stand. I just tell  our son that it's his only option when his brother is sleeping and he is fine with that. But once the baby is awake, I can raise it up one position and it's still a decent recline for a catnap while allowing my 3 yr old to sit.*If we go out toward the evening or will be out all day and  think or 3 yr old might fall asleep, we just leave the car seat in the car and let our infant ride in the stroller's front seat with it reclined one position back.  If our older son needs to nap in the front (rare occasion) then I just carry the baby in a sling or the ergo (we keep it in the basket below). Then both can sleep, problem solved without needing anything larger than this stroller. This solution worked out perfectly on our vacation! Tip- use those carseat strap pads on the shoulder straps for a more secure and comfortable fit for a smaller baby. They recommend the front seat from 6mo and up, but our 3 month old was perfectly fine (he holds himself up well but the recline was even better). He hates his carseat in the single stroller but LOVES sitting in this stroller.*I like the compact size of this stroller. It's not much bigger than my single stroller (a Combi Torino...which is pretty small for a single). I wanted the option for my 3 yr old to be comfortable and sit when he is tired, without pushing a bus. I also didn't want to be pushing a big  stroller with unused space when he wants to walk beside me. (Like pushing a side by side with only the baby in it .) This stroller is like having a single with the added bonus of a space for your older child to be very comfortable when needed.Bottom line, this is the BEST sit n stand style stroller out there and the best double stroller option if your first child is old enough to ride on the back. and if not, then get the Caboose too seat for the back and it's an instant double stroller for 2 babies! Can't go wrong with this thing! I'm still so impressed with it.