I feel compelled to write a review on this product because I like it very much. I bought the product because the idea behind this product is great. The stirring mechanism is similar to mixing chemicals in chemistry lab so the product should be well mixed with no lump or bubble. The formula is heated while stirring so the temperature should be even. However, this product almost proved me wrong with its short, simple and uninformative instruction. The instruction must have been written in a hurry by somebody that thinks everyone should have some basic experimental skills in chemistry.First of all, the magnetic stirrer can lose its strength if it is left inside the metal pot, with its surface touching the metal. Hence, before first use and after each use, users should slide it on the stirrer holder (the small protruded knob) on the back of the base. This step is important because storing the stirrer properly will help restore its magnetization for next use.Secondly, because magnet has north and south poles, if the stirrer is placed on the "wrong side" it may float when you turn the button on. This one is easy fix, stop the formula maker, use a chopstick or a wooden spatula to lightly press the stirrer against the bottom of the metal pot for a few second while turn the formula maker on again.If you store the stirrer at the right place when not in use and it still doesn't stir.  It just needs a bit more power to start. Give the stirrer a gentle push using a chop stick or similar thing. You can also try turning the cook pot slightly.Overall, I am happy with my purchase. I gave it 4 stars for missing proper instruction. I got it when it went on sale on amazon for around 30 buck, so keep watching, you might find a good deal too! This product is seriously overpriced at $99 or above in most other stores, at which price, its benefit does not justify the cost. Oh and btw, the sales on amazon come and go without any notice, I have spotted several very good sales on different baby products at different times.