This inexpensive item consists of four pieces: (1) a plastic clip with a socket, (2) a plastic clip without a socket, (3) an elastic band to hold the clips together, and (4) the plastic convex (wide-angle) mirror itself (which measures about 4.5"x1.5" and has a ball on the back of it).  Items #1-#3 are already connected to each other in the package, so it should be a simple process to attach the clips to your rear view mirror with the elastic, and then attach the mirror to the socket.I would guesstimate that the clips can accommodate standard rear view mirrors with a depth of up to 3/4".  Unfortunately, my car has a electrochromic one similar to CIPA 36500 Wedge Base Auto Dimming Rearview Mirror with Compass, Temperature and Map Light; it is about 1" in depth and furthermore has buttons underneath the "lip" that the bottom clip could interfere with.  So this product couldn't be mounted on my rear view mirror.Fortunately, I discovered that it can be mounted on sun visors.  To reduce side-to-side movement, I chose to install one clip through the hole toward the far end (i.e., toward the middle of the car, where the visor can be attached to or detached from the ceiling).  See Customer Image.  To install this way, simply: (a) remove the elastic band from the clip without a socket, (b) push the "fingers" of the clip without a socket through the hole of the visor, (c) "thread" the elastic band through the hole, (d) re-attach the elastic band onto the hook of the clip without a socket, (e) stretch the elastic band and secure the clip with a socket to the free edge of the visor, and (f) attach the mirror to the socket.  The advantages of installing on the visor are: (i) it does not interfere with forward vision, as would occur if the mirror is located under the rear view mirror, and (ii) it is a little closer to your head, so that the image is slightly larger than when mounted on the rear view mirror.  As a disadvantage, when the visor is rotated too far outwards, the secondary mirror might reflect the sun into oncoming drivers' eyes.In terms of optical quality, since the mirror is wide-angle and plastic, you're not going to get a "high resolution" image.  However, it's good enough to see if your child is sleeping, has gotten food all over the back seat, etc.  Buy this from Amazon.com!