I have both the LA Baby restaurant high chair in cherry, and the Lipper version of the same high chair in cherry (bought from a different site).I really like restaurant style high chairs for their low profile.  They will slide right under the table for storage and make the kids feel like real people because they are eating at the table with us instead of isolated in a traditional high chair with a tray. Both chairs function great for my two toddlers, one 16 months and one 3 and 1/2 years.I'm writing this review to help those who are deciding between the two brands, and so am posting the same review to each product.FYI: The stain colors are very different, so if you want yours to match, buy from one manufacturer.  The Lipper stain color is more of a natural cherry, while the LA Baby is a darker, aged cherry color.LipperPros: The Lipper chair has a thicker, sturdier buckle with longer straps.  It also has a much smaller, much less noticeable warning label that I didn't even bother to take off.  Assembly on the Lipper chair was easier because it had metal threads to receive the bolts.  I was able to put the chair together using just a screwdriver for all 14 bolts without breaking a sweat.  The Lipper chair also includes wood plugs to cover the bolt heads.  If installed correctly, these make for a nicer finish with no exposed screws, but if your kids can get them out they could be a choking hazard.  Of course, you don't have to use them if you are worried about the choking hazard.Cons: The rubber feet on the bottom of the chair are smaller, round feet.  Not a problem unless you have uneven tile like I do. These feet make the Lipper chair a bit harder to slide around than the LA Baby chair.  While the color of the stain is a natural cherry color, its not dark enough to hide the grain of the birch, making the chair feel like a birch chair stained cherry color.  Probably wouldn't bother most people, but I notice it.LA BabyLA Baby Commercial/Restaurant Wooden High Chair, Natural (I have the cherry option.)Pros: The rubber feet on the LA Baby chair are wide rectangles with a lot of surface to surface contact.  They slide pretty easily across my tile floor without getting caught on protruding tile edges.  This alone makes a huge difference for me, but may not be as important to you if you have flat floors. In addition, I just like the color better.  This is the color I was expecting when I ordered Cherry, because the darker stain hides the birch woodgrain better, making it feel more like cherry.Cons: The buckle on mine works just fine, but I have read from other reviewers that their's didn't work at all.  Based on the construction of the buckle, I can see that it's design is more susceptible to failure than the one on the Lipper chair, but it is still a pretty standard buckle.  If you buy it, just check the buckle before you put the chair together.  If it doesn't work, you can probably return it.  This chair also uses wood screws that are inserted into pre-drilled holes.  Because of the resistance from having to create the threads as I screwed them in, I had to use a power screwdriver to get all 14 screws in.  (I gave up doing them by hand after the 2nd screw.) There are no wood screw covers with this chair, but the screws are a bit darker so they blend pretty well with the wood finish.Of the two chairs, I prefer the LA Baby chair, but hopefully I've provided enough information that you can determine which you will like more without having to buy both.