These are such perfect pacifiers! My son loves them and I am happy with the quality/natural ingredients as well. We only use two pacifier brands, this and Chicco. I am a little nervous about any that are not a complete, 1 piece due to some recalls of the two parts coming undone and the child swallowing. I know its rare but just puts my mind at east having 1 solid piece.My favorite thing about them is that there is a gap between the bulb portion and the back of the pacifier (shown in pic) This seems like it is more comfortable to me, it leaves a space for his teeth and lips. Other pacifiers seem to have a smaller space and doesn't leave room for the lips to rest. If that makes any sense the way I explained it. The rubber is very soft and pliable which also seems more comfy. The only complaints that I would have, which are so incredibly minor, is that they don't come with a case or cover. I really think thats important since they get shoved into diaper bags or around the house. I mean ya you can just rinse them or use pacifier wipes (or the default mommy's mouth) when you are out and about, I still prefer a case and its always nice when you don't have to buy one. Sooo we do have allot of the Chicco pacifier that we love also. They come with a huge case that I am the most gigantic fan of. Since they are so soft and pliable I can squeeze 3 of these babies into one of the Chicco cases! Due to the rubber they bounce and therefore easily misplaced. For this reason and due to them being a little more spendy than other brands, we only use them at home since I will eventually find them lol. Outside, they drop or he throws it, bounce bounce far away and who knows where they end up! We use the Chicco for when we are out and about. I really can't complain about the price because I think they are worth it. I also accidentally ordered the bulb shape, the chiccos are the angled shape. So I was worried that he wouldn't take to them but he actually loves it! Then, due to the bouncing and having lost a couple, I started using the Chicco while being out and thought he wouldn't like the two different shapes. It hasn't effected him at all he really likes both. Oh and he loves to chew on these also, not sure if he likes the texture or the squeaky sound of the rubber lol. I think I covered all the details so hope this review helps! Overall I definitely love them and would suggest! Oh one more thing! I recall reading a couple negative reviews about two things: The discoloration when you sanitize. yes, it turns a cloudy color but goes back to normal once it cools and dries. The other thing was the little indentation for their nose. Someone had said its really not that big of an indentation and not much of a difference if you order these or the round shape. I think I would agree with that. Im not sure if there is a price difference but if so and the round shape without the indentation is cheaper then I would just go with that. Since the bulb shape is consistent all around, my son constantly turns it upside down so that the nose indentation is on the bottom and it doesn't make any difference, it still doesn't hit his nose.