I usually wait a while to live with a product before reviewing - but in this case, I wanted to rave about this glass screen protector right away!First off, I'm OCD about screen protectors - bubbles drive me mad, so I've gone through literally dozens of them over the years. First the wet application ones ... then the static cling ones (always buying them in packs of 3 because I usually messed up or had bubbles/lint with the first one or two). Then I discovered the "bubble free" ones from Moshi and really loved them - they always worked, but the anti-glare coating which I loved in the "old" days really fuzzed-up the sharp & striking Retina displays of the iPhone 5. I tried the anti-glare version and it had a grid pattern that was really distracting. I was ready to "go naked" until I discovered glass protectors.I tried the Tech Armor glass protector - which amazed me with how smooth and sharp it was - but within the 1st week I had a chip on the edge, and then on week 2 another one... and then another one. I'm pretty careful with my phone, but not using a bumper type of case (going for the absolute most slim case possible) is not really good with the standard non-rounded edge type of protector (the rounded edges should prevent side impact nicks/chips, the Achilles heel of glass).There is another brand offering rounded edges, but at $34.95 I decided to look further. I found this one and decided to give it a go.This protector was packaged well - alcohol cleaning wipe - AND - a large sheet that looks like a standard plastic protector. I wasn't sure what that was for (instructions didn't indicate what to do with it), but I used it as a final cleaning step to make sure all lint/dust particles were removed from my phone before applying the glass protector. And it worked - flawlessly. No bubbles, no lint.I'm going to update this review after traveling for a week or two, but based on what I've seen so far, I think it's going to work very well. And at this price, I bought an extra "just in case"!