I LOVE these swaddle wraps! From the time by son was born up until around 3.5 months, the only way he could sleep was when he was swaddled. He could sleep in our arms without it, but the SECOND you tried to put him down unswaddled he would startle and wake himself up. SO fun, haha.Regular swaddling with blankets was fine in the beginning when he was tiny and mostly immobile, but the bigger and more active he grew, the less time it took for him to defeat the swaddle! It became a constant battle to wrap him up and keep him like that long enough to get him to sleep. It also made me worry that if he tossed and turned enough in the night he would manage to get the blanket up over his face somehow.Cue this little miracle! Plop your baby in, snap and wrap, and he is swaddled up tight! He feels nice and cozy, I'm not battling the blankets anymore, and I feel better knowing that he can't unwrap it and cover his face with it on accident.Do note that you want it to be wrapped *snugly* around your baby so he can't wriggle his arms around. The first time I wrapped him up I did a pansy job of it, worried that I'd constrict him too much, and he managed to pry the wrap part up and partly over his face with his arms! Imagine my NOT delight to find this. I was ready to throw the thing away when my husband pointed out that I had just wrapped it too loosely. We tried it again under close supervision and turns out, he was right (but don't tell him that, lol). After that we made sure to wrap it snugly and it worked like a dream.We used this for all naps and at bedtime until my son was between 3 and 4 months old at which point the startle reflex was basically gone and we weaned him out of it by leaving one arm out at first, then the other, then both, and finally removing it altogether over the span of a few weeks. Now he's 6 months old and we still use it every now and then as a sort of sleep sack by just wrapping him in it from the waist down some that's about all of him that will fit in it now! ;)Unless you have a monster baby, go with the smaller size, 0-3 or 0-6 months, whatever it is. This fit my little guy with room to spare for the entire time that we used it. I honestly don't know why they even make the larger size since you should stop swaddling before your child can roll over onto his tummy, which could be very dangerous if his little arms are swaddled so he can't lift his face off the mattress. So just keep that in mind and quit swaddling earlier if needed for a particularly precocious baby :)Enjoy your sweet baby and happy swaddling!