I am so in love with this stroller! It is practical and fashionable and the kids LOVE riding in it. I already have the single Indie but was debating between this or the BOB Duallie for multiple kids and I am so glad I choose the Bumbleride! It's like the people who designed it actually have kids!I love:-The weather proof material. It totally keeps the rain out without a big plastic cover! Seriously, put the shade down, pull the foot rest up and your kids are protected from the elements. It also provides an amazing quality shade in the hot sun and dirt seems to wipe off a lot easier. I had the regular material on my old single Indie and this material is so much better.-The seats lay totally flat. So helpful for infants or nap time. Because of this and with the foot rest all the way up, I was comfortable putting my newborn/infant in here without the bassinet. She was secure while bucked and the included head rest kept her head from sliding down.-I can fit big stuff in the basket. The BOB has a strap right in the middle which makes it hard to fit big stuff in there, even a basic size diaper bag. My old single Indie had just a fabric basket and this one has plastic strips in the fabric for support so you can really load it up with heavy stuff and it won't sag to the ground.-The adjustable foot rest. The kids like to pull it all the way up and create a cozy little nest. And they work independently. My older daughter likes hers up to protect her from the wind and my younger one likes hers down so she can see everything.-Adjustable hand rail. I like it high when I run and low when I walk. The toddler likes it super low so that she can be in control and push the baby.-Easy seat adjustments. I can lay the seat flat without waking the baby! I took this for granted until I was standing next to a friend with her BOB watching her struggle. Also, each seat is independent. So the baby can sleep flat while the toddler sits up and looks around.-We can go off road. And we do. Over rocks, into the wood, on the beach.-Great while travelling. It's big, but I took it from Texas to Hawaii while travelling alone with two kids. It was a lifesaver! And small enough to navigate through doors (without the drink holder) while steering with one hand.-Customer service at Bumbleride. I had to replace a wheel after a certain careless husband backed into it with his car. Ordering a new one was cheap and easy and they had great customer service over the phone!I don't love:-Jogging. I am an avid runner and I have taken this out for a run many, many times. I even find it easier to jog with than the single Indie. But this is the ONLY department that I think a BOB might have the advantage. With two small wheels up front it just takes more effort to turn with the wheels locked. Going too fast with the wheels unlocked will cause the wheels to shake. I don't hate jogging with it, but I am sure there are better joggers out there, but those joggers wouldn't make for the best all around stroller anyway. No stroller is perfect. But this one is pretty darn close.