Our son started walking at around 10 months and we live in a two floor house so we needed gates for the stairs because he started to climb the stairs on his own.  At first, I bought two different types of gates at Babies R Us and for some reason both were defective and had to return them.  I don't remember the names of those gates.  Going back and forth trying to find the right gate was too time consuming so I just ordered the top gates that were reviewed on Amazon.  I purchased the supergate, regalo, and the dreambaby knowing that one of these gates would work out for us.  So here's the review on these three gates for those of you who are researching and looking for a gate.WORST: Regalo ($36.99)Even though this is highly rated on Amazon, in comparison to the other two gates this gate didn't seem as sturdy.  The attachments to the wall didn't feel as sturdy and the plastic components felt flimsy.  I'm sure it would've done it's job but we just didn't feel comfortable with this gate in place because our son loves to hang on to the gate and play monkey all day.PRETTY GOOD: Dreambaby Swing Close Gate with Extensions, Black ($45)The dreambaby was sturdy and we liked it just as much as the supergate but there was one design feature that was more practical on the supergate than the dreambaby.  The metal and plastic components on both the dreambaby and supergate were comparable.  I would say that they were nearly identical in material and the feel of sturdiness and durability.  The only difference was that the dreambaby had the latch to open the gate on the top-side of the handle area, which made it difficult to open when you were coming down from the stairs while carrying a baby.  Both gates have a locking mechanism where you have to slide the latch and slightly lift the gate to open it and since you have to lift the gate having the latch on the bottom portion on the handle makes it much easier to do.  I'm sure others will have a different opinion but my wife and I felt that the supergate was easier to open and just as sturdy.  Our son shakes and hangs on the bars all day and we feel comfortable knowing that it will hold up.BEST: Supergate, white ($42.50)Easier to use latching mechanism than the dreambaby.  We bought another one for the top of the stairs because we liked this one the best.Easy to install, sturdy, pretty good design and comes with extension.  Please read dreambaby review on why we chose this one.