This is a great diaper. We have experience with other pocket diapers, including Bummis, Fuzzi Bunz, Oh Katy, and Bumgenius. So far, this one is one of my favorites. We have not had it for long, but it seems to be a good quality diaper. I've started to extend my stash to more all natural diapers, but also trying to keep it simple for my husband. You can use this diaper as a regular pocket, or lay the insert in the diaper hemp side up, for a more natural variation. The insert doesn't have snaps like Bum Genius or Oh Katy diapers do to make it smaller for smaller babies, you have to fold it over and it's a little more bulky than the before mentioned diapers. When you put this diaper on though, it's trim as can be and the insert does not seem uncomfortable on baby. In fact, it incredibly cute because it fits so well. There isn't extra ruching like with the other pockets that have lots of fabric to contend with, somehow this diaper tucks everything neatly for a clean looking fit. There are 4 rise adjustments and my 15 lb baby is on the second rise with plenty more room to grow. The crotch is narrow, and I'm not sure if this becomes and issue later as baby gets bigger, but the manufacturer claims that this is a 40+ lb diaper. We ordered black and the color is very bold.  The fabric is different where the tabs are than the rest of the diaper as pictured. I think it looks a little odd on the colored diapers, but it looks fine on the black and I just ordered the all white. The only thing I'm concerned with is the thickness of the insert. I am afraid of it potentially holding the stinkies. If I were to change it I might make an open seam at the ends so it would clean better and air could get in to dry it faster. Or make it a two piece insert sewn or snapped at one end, sort of like how GroVia AIO's are. But, it's still a great diaper and hasn't proven me wrong yet, so it gets 5 stars.**UPDATE** After using these for just a couple weeks, here's an update.The velcro curls and gets tangled in the wash. The wash tabs don't stay stuck through the wash and there can be some tangling of the laundry. The velcro isn't as strong as Bum Genius velcro so it's not too bad, but it's still not great. The tabs have curled in the front so they stick out a little when wearing and don't look great under baby's outfits and they make noise like a disposable because of this. We have some of these diapers with the snaps and we prefer them.We haven't had trouble with the drying time of the hemp inserts and we haven't had the stinkies.The hemp side of the liner has become too rough to use directly on babies skin, so I can't use this diaper "natural" as I previously said I might. I only use it as a regular pocket. The fleece is super soft though, softer than other pockets.